Peshawar, the capital of the province and a gateway to the tribal areas where the Taliban and Al Qaeda have made a base, has been the scene of frequent incursions by the Taliban.
Photo
On the day of the Taliban warning last week, three bombs detonated in and around Peshawar, including at an electronics market and a police checkpoint, as well as in Dera Ismail Khan, in the country's troubled west. The bombing Tuesday was the seventh in Peshawar since the military operation began.
It was by far the largest — using an estimated 1,000 pounds of explosives, the police said — making it the most spectacular against a Western target in Pakistan since the bombing of the Marriott Hotel in the capital, Islamabad, last September, which left more than 50 dead.
“The floor under my feet shook,” said Jawad Chaudhry, who was in his room at the Pearl Continental at time of the bombing, according to The Associated Press.
“I thought the roof was falling on me,” he said. “I ran out. I saw everybody running in panic. There was blood and pieces of glass everywhere.”
The Pearl Continental is set back from a main road that is also the location of the Provincial Assembly and the High Court, and its parking lot is a gauntlet of zigzagging barriers to prevent just such an attack.
But the attackers employed tactics similar to those used in the assault on May 27 against the headquarters of the Pakistani intelligence service in Lahore, which fell short of its intended target but killed 26 people at a nearby emergency-response unit.
Photo
“This attack has all the signatures of the Rescue 15 attack in Lahore,” said one Pakistani security official, referring to the emergency-response service that was hit.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In both cases, militants shot guards in order to allow a suicide bomber into a secured area. On Tuesday, witnesses and officials said the attack started when three or four assailants on a pickup truck opened fire on a guard post at the gates of the hotel, where cars are routinely scanned for explosives.
“The assailants first killed the security guards on the main entrance to lower the electronic barrier and then went inside the main parking lot firing indiscriminately,” said a police official, Safwat Ghayyir. Once the barriers had been lowered, a suicide bomber drove a minivan packed with explosives toward the hotel. It exploded close enough to the building to reduce a large portion of it to rubble.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“I was going for my night shift, when I heard intense firing,” said a wounded security guard, who identified himself as Nasir. “Then there was a big explosion. I don't remember what happened next.”
The information minister of North-West Frontier Province, Mian Iftikhar Hussain, said that 11 people were killed and more than 50 were wounded.
Peshawar has been under a high state of alert for the past week, after intelligence agencies warned of attacks against landmark buildings.
“We are the front line,” said Farahnaz Ispahani, the media advisor to President Asif Ali Zardari. “This is really a fight for our way of life. This is a fight for Pakistan.”
Phone Streak, a font made with long-exposure photography and a hyperactive iPhone owner proves that smartphones are content-creation devices after all. Photo: Marcus Byrne Each character in the Phone Streak font is the result of a four-second exposure of a deftly handled gadget. Photo: Marcus Byrne Byrne created over 80 glyphs to produce a fully functional font. Photo: Marcus Byrne Each character evolved through a process of trial, error, and swinging an iPhone around a dark room like a maniac. The telltale traces of color in the streaks of light are determined by the icons on the home screen. Photo: Marcus Byrne The two most difficult characters to create were the # and %, both of which required some clever handwork when the strokes crossed. "After some playing around, I found a technique that worked a treat!" says Byrne. Photo: Marcus Byrne Not content to focus on the core letters, Byrne created all the glyphs required to make the typeface usable. Photo: Marcus Byrne Phone Streak is available for free on font repository Dafont.com. Photo: Marcus Byrne
By day, Marcus Byrne works as a motion graphics designer for clients like Honda. But one night the Melbourne-based designer and self-proclaimed Apple geek decided to create a new font using the colorful icons on his iPhone and came up with a lively collection of letterforms and a typeface called Phone Streak.
>He was able to manipulate the phone the way a calligrapher controls a brush.
Byrne created each character by waving his iPhone like a magic wand in front of a Canon 5D DSLR and conjured the magical results in three- and four-second exposures. The resulting typeface is dynamic, what you'd expect from a font made by flailing an iPhone around in the dark, but also displays a strong sense of craft. Through a process of trial and error he was able to manipulate the phone the way a calligrapher controls a brush. "Holding the iPhone in the same position for a little longer before making the strokes gave the camera enough time to capture the detail in the App icons." says Byrne. The frozen images of app icons act like serifs, grounding the letters while also revealing their unusual origin.
Byrne was fastidious about the font's details during the design process. He recreated the stock set of icons that come with the phone so that they would be more immediately recognizable. The screenshot of the icons was reversed in Photoshop so he could draw left to right without obscuring the screen with colorful contrails and then flipped back when the image was completed. Each character required testing and Byrne created four or five candidates for each character before choosing a stroke he found suitable. He explains: "I really wanted the icons to be visible when viewed in full color and be part of the character of each individual letterform."
Some of the letters posed challenges. The "C" was made with a simple sweeping gesture, but the hash (#) and percentage (%) symbols proved to be more difficult. "When vertical and horizontal strokes cross each other, that's when it got tricky," says Byrne. "I played around with some techniques to hide the iPhone for a split second after a stroke and then move it into position before making the next stroke."
In addition to being an forward-thinking photographer, Byrne has also taken an interest in 3-D printing and commissioned plastic versions of some of his characters. "I love when technology and art meet to have a party," says Byrne. "This project started as a simple idea to make one character into a 3-D object by using gestures." That simple creative brief has now birthed a typeface, plastic sculptures, and even some 3-D printed jewelry based on the animated alphabet.
The font is freely available on Dafont.com and can be used without restrictions. "As designers in the digital world, we have a huge number of resources for free assets," says Byrne. "It's always good to give back to the community."
If you are a filmmaker or just a film lover, it's safe to say that you are in for some changes in your experience pretty soon. Although, it may be quite a while before traditional filmmaking as we know it goes away, the world of virtual reality is quickly headed our way, and it will no doubt open a whole new world to visionary filmmakers and creative storytellers.
If you haven't been keeping up with the news, the last couple of years have seen great strides in the development of virtual reality technology. This is largely due to the fact the processors have gotten small enough and fast enough to keep up with the computational needs of an immersive virtual reality experience. Couple that with the falling prices of high-resolution screens and you have a recipe for virtual reality to finally be adopted by the masses.
In the past few months, we've heard announcements from big players like Oculus on the release of their high-end consumer device, the Oculus Rift, coming in early 2016. Along with the announcement of the $99 co-branded Samsung Gear VR, powered by Oculus. These devices will surely make waves.
Then there are the lower end devices aimed at educating and introducing VR to a wide audience. The Google Cardboard is a cheap and simple viewer that allows you to experience VR on virtually any modern smartphone. The New York Times just announced that they'll be sending out one million free cardboard devices to subscribers in order to enhance their content.
So, what does all of this mean for filmmakers? It means that you now have a new medium to explore and create with. You will no longer be confined to a 16x9 frame with safe zones and the "rule of thirds." It's the wild west for the new filmmaking pioneers.
If you want to try your own hand at working with VR and see what the future holds, here are some great places to start.
Cameras
In order to shoot video for VR, you need a 360-degree camera array. This will allow you to capture everything around you and let the viewer immerse themselves in your environment.
On the lower end, GoPro has recently paired up with Google to announce the Jump project. The partnership includes a full circle camera rig that holds 16 GoPro cameras for full panoramic VR video. Also coming are the Jump Assembler to help you seamlessly stitch your videos together and full support for Jump created videos on YouTube.
GoPro previously released the Odyssey camera rig which is quite similar and Jump compatible, housing 16 HERO4 Black GoPro cameras all synced together. The entire kit includes the rig mount, 16 cameras, 16 SD cards, and a Pelican case, but is only available to qualified applicants because of limited supply.
There are several other players getting into the VR camera market, including Jaunt who has been teasing their upcoming "Neo" camera, and Lucidcam which claims to be "the first consumer camera for VR."
Additionally, there are other third party providers selling various camera rig arrays for the GoPros, like the ones found for sale at the 360 Heroes website.
As with VR technology itself, it appears that we are just at the tip of the iceberg with what is to come in terms of VR camera tech.
Editing
Speaking of the wild west, we don't even have a good sense of how editing will work in the VR world. By the nature of it, filmmakers will want to build immersive scenes that viewers can explore at their pace without a lot of jarring cuts.
However, it's only a matter of time before the experts build a common language of how and when to edit, move the camera, and transition. But regardless of what becomes common practice, you can bet it won't be the typical style of editing that we are used to in traditional film.
Tools
Get ready for an entire new set of tools to be built around the VR filmmaking process. In order to shoot, stitch together, and finish a VR film you are going to need some new tools that give you better capabilities.
Already there are software programs aimed at helping stitch together your footage. Take VideoStitch Studio for instance, which helps you stabilize and synchronize your multicamera footage for VR experiences.
It's not out of the realm of imagination to think that VR video post may be worked on by "editors" wearing their own VR gear as they work.
In much the way that digital non-linear editors and compositing and graphics programs revolutionized filmmaking in the last 25 years, get ready for a new line of software to come in and change the landscape once again.
Examples
While we are just getting our feet wet with what VR has to offer, there are already some major players getting into the world of VR filmmaking and putting serious thought to the new medium.
One such player is Oculus, the creators of the most talked about hardware VR system, the Oculus Rift. Oculus has built its own content studio called Oculus Story Studio and they recently released a Pixar style animated short film called "Henry." Only, in this short, you get to play a character of your own.
Major studios and networks have already announced or hinted at their forays into VR content, including Discovery Networks who have released their own dedicated VR app for Google Cardboard and plan on creating much more VR content in the future. And J.J. Abrams who hinted in a recent interview that the Star Wars franchise would likely be adding a VR component.
And the biggest name in online video, YouTube has created a dedicated channel on the site called YouTube 360 that houses a growing number of VR experiences that can be enjoyed on a range of VR devices. The wide range of content already available for viewing includes music videos from the likes of The Weeknd and Bjork, as well as journalistic pieces, interactive art, and sports related videos.
Even without an immersive VR headset, viewers can use a mouse or trackpad to scroll around the 360 films and get a sense of just what is possible.
It's fair to say that we don't yet know what the future fully holds for VR filmmaking, but the first pieces are starting to take shape and it looks like we can look forward to an entirely new way to experience film that will change the way we see the world and interact with media.
President Obama makes a statement on the release of Americans by Iran on Jan. 17., in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington. (Manuel Balce Ceneta/AP)
President Obama's theory of what happened to Hillary Clinton in 2008 and is happening to her now is that America loves "the bright, shiny object that people haven't seen before."
There's certainly truth to that, and it's certainly the case that, in the past, a sense of sobriety has often kicked in over the course of a presidential election, once the shiny thing loses its luster. What Obama fails to mention -- either because he's downplaying it or he's missing it -- is the extent to which the shiny new object in 2016 may be a torch meant to burn D.C. to the ground.
Obama commented on Clinton's travails in an interview with Politico's Glenn Thrush. The president dismissed comparisons between his initial bid and that of Bernie Sanders in the abstract, focusing instead on how Clinton's name recognition and experience have twice been disadvantageous.
"She is a good, smart, tough person who cares deeply about this country, and she has been in the public eye for a long time and in a culture in which new is always better," Obama told Thrush. "And, you know, you're always looking at the bright, shiny object that people don't, haven't seen before. That's a disadvantage to her."
He suggested that this tendency led the media to focus on her more in 2008 (and, by extension, this year), and that it was only once Obama won Iowa that the media and the voters turned a more skeptical eye to him.
"Her strengths, which are the fact that she's extraordinarily experienced – and, you know, wicked smart and knows every policy inside and out – sometimes could make her more cautious and her campaign more prose than poetry," he said, echoing the famous maxim from Mario Cuomo.
Sanders, on the other hand, has "the luxury of being a complete long-shot and just letting loose," coupled with "the virtue of saying exactly what he believes, [having] great authenticity, great passion, and [being] fearless." Sanders's operating principle, in Obama's estimation: "I got nothing to lose."
That's all true, of course. Clinton is an established Washingtonian, as thoroughly rooted in the the experience of governance as is possible. Sanders has served in Congress for many years, but as the representative of a small state enjoys the perks (and drawbacks) of anonymity and being able to speak his mind.
But it's impossible not to think that the disadvantage of being as thoroughly D.C. as is Hillary Clinton extends far beyond her campaign being "more prose than poetry." It feels, at times, like a very educated, thoughtful sales pitch for dial-up Internet service: A good sales pitch, but precisely not what people are looking for. Obama's campaign was that of a new voice who promised to reshape a disliked Washington. Clinton's is that of an established voice who knows the ins and outs of a despised one.
When George W. Bush ran for the presidency, Congress was into its process of polarization, but the body wasn't hated to the extent that it is now. It was the subject of affable punchlines more than furious protests. In October 2000, about half of Americans approved of the House and Senate. Trust in government was underwater, but on the upswing.
When Obama ran in 2008, trust in government had been slipping and less than a fifth of the country approved of the job Congress was doing. The freshman senator promised to bring change to Washington; the veterans he defeated in the primary and general embodied the Washington he wanted to change.
Now, approval of Congress has dipped as low as 11 percent (in November) and trust in government has generally stayed flat. Into that atmosphere step three candidates whose message is explicitly about dismantling Washington. Bernie Sanders calls explicitly for a political revolution. Ted Cruz regularly disparages the "Washington cartel" with whom he serves on Capitol Hill. And Donald Trump waves the whole thing away.
Last month, Quinnipiac University asked Democrats and Republicans about the trait they most desired in a candidate for their party's nomination. As you might expect, only 8 percent of Republicans said that they were looking for a candidate with the right experience. As you might not expect, only 16 percent of Democrats said the same thing. Democrats were more concerned about someone that shared their values or was concerned about their problems than that they'd learned the intricacies of a 56k-baud modem.
This is a little more nuanced than the traditional establishment-versus-outsider dichotomy. In 2008, Ron Paul called for a revolution in Washington, a battle cry embraced by his largely young, male, libertarian supporters. In 2009 and 2010, with the advent of the tea party, demands for revolution -- manifested, at times, in colonial garb and verbiage -- became a feature of the conservative right. In 2015, a Democrat running against a Clinton (a Clinton!) while a Democrat sits in the White House has made "revolution" integral to his campaign's message.
No candidate running in 2016 has a breadth of knowledge about Washington, about government and about policy that can match Hillary Clinton's. That's her sales pitch. On the Republican side, the candidates who are making similar pitches about experience and savvy are polling in the single digits, in part because of a splintered field and in part because their party is even more hostile to Washington than Clinton's. (See David Axelrod's contrasting theory of 2016 in Monday's New York Times.) If there were a dozen Democrats running, Clinton would probably still be leading -- but perhaps not.
There's one week until the Iowa caucuses, but we're still early in this election. It's possible that voters' dalliances with their party's burn-it-all-down revolutionaries will pass as the prospect of actually steering this old lumbering ship becomes more real. It is also possible that they won't -- that after eight years of increasing calls to gut Washington, Washington will be gutted, starting at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.
Understandably, the current occupant thereof hopes this is not the case.
The public expects and deserves evidence-based practices when it comes to public safety. This is true for any aspect of public policy but perhaps none so much as sex offender policy. With sex offenders, there is a sense of moral outrage at the depravity of their crimes, and rightly so. Virtually any sex crime makes the news headlines because the public has a very high interest in this crime. Too often politicians not only capitalize on the fear that is caused by sex offenders, but they inadvertently create more of it.
The manner in which this happens can be seen in sex offender registries and residence restrictions. Using the law to require that someone has to register to be on a registery, politicians are effectively saying that the person who previously offended is someone you need to be afraid of for future re-offending, even though the research says the likelihood is the lowest of the crime categories. Or by requiring through law that sex offenders cannot live in certain places, politicians are saying that if the converse were true, children would not be safe, even though place of residence has virtually nothing to do with who will be victimized.
Why Do Politicians Use Fear?
Sometimes they may do it on purpose to boost their popularity in being proactive on important issues. But I think the main reason is that politicians are regular people who got elected but who are not experts in this field and they just don't know what they don't know. Crime policy and the science of correcting criminal behavior is very complicated. We tend to think that what would deter us (the non-criminal population) from committing a crime is the same thing that would deter them (the criminal population) from committing a crime. This is incorrect thinking.
Moreover, we tend to confuse 'punishment' with 'crime prevention.' They two may be the same, but are not necessarily the same. We tend to think that sticking it to criminals with harsh punishments will teach them not to re-offend. Other times we think that the harsh punishments are what is deserved, which is a fair argument, but let's not confuse it with what works. In the criminological research it is undisputed that the 'certainty' of punishment is far more important than the 'severity' of punishment. Think about it like this: it doesn't matter how severe a punishment is because if the criminal doesn't think that he or she is going to get caught, the punishment doesn't matter.
Sex Offender Residence Restrictions
Still, there is another area of sex offender crime prevention that is lagging in evidence-based approach: sex offender residence restrictions, which are also known as child safety zones or buffer laws. For example, Richard Tewksbury of the University of Louisville wrote:
The logic of such restrictions is built on public safety--if sex offenders do not reside within sight or easy walking distance of places children gather, then those children will be spared sexual victimization. The logic falls apart, however, for sex offenders who do not target children, sex offenders who (as most do) target victims they know and with whom they interact, and for those who victimize in ways other than luring nearby children into their homes.
Tewksbury is not making this up; his statement is based on a real world analysis of the effect of sex offender residence restrictions, one of which was done by Beth M. Huebner of the University of Missouri--St. Louis and her colleagues who found that prohibitions on sex offenders residing within 1,000 feet of a school or daycare has little to no effect on recidivism. This was not an isolated finding. Other research found that "residential proximity to schools and daycares explains virtually none of the variation in sexual recidivism."
I am a politician saying that when we impose these measures, I and my colleagues across America are failing at keeping people safe on this issue. Doing something doesn't necessarily mean we are doing something effective.
Why Then Do Politicians Do This?
First, we got to where we are because fear of the sex offender harming again, anger that the sex offender offended in the first place, and punishing the sex offender is the driving force behind the thinking about what to do. All of this is normal expected human reaction. However, it is not a strategy for public safety.
The critical element that has been left out is the use of the research. It is far more newsworthy to hear that a politician "is going to increase penalties for sex offending" than a politician who is going to "factor in that the limitation of residence restrictions when the distances to schools and daycares were entered along with risk factors into a logistic regression model, neither proximity measure was a significant predictor of recidivism." Let's be real -- Who are most voters going to vote for? Or put another way, who do politicians think voters are going to vote for?
Moreover, think about it like this. Once residency restriction laws or sex offender registries are put into place, who is going to support repeal of these laws with the ever present thought that if someone gets harmed after the law has been repealed, blame is going to fall on said politician. The problem with this thinking is that doing more of the same isn't going to keep people safe.
Finally, who doesn't want to know who the sex offender is in his or her neighborhood? Who wants a convicted sex offender living near them or their child's school? Clearly, no one. Politicians are expected to use their better judgement, but they are also expected be representatives of the people's wishes. It is a hard role to balance.
Conclusion
Preventing sex offender crimes is an important aspect of public safety that I believe every politician takes seriously. Unfortunately, not every politician is a criminologist and as such does not have an evidence-based frame of reference from which to approach this issue. Some even think that 'evidence-based' means if someone else does it, that is evidence we should do it, too. Evidence-based typically means that an intervention has been measured against a control group to make sure that the intervention is responsible for a statistically significant decrease in a specific crime. We are not going to get safer doing more of the same, getting tougher or using fear. We need to be very calculated in how we approach the science of criminal behavior modification.
HOME > VIETNAM > JAPANESE VIET MINH
Japanese soldiers with the Viet Minh
Belated Asian Allies
This subject began to fascinate me when I read that the Japanese genius and war criminal Colonel Tsuji Masanobu spent his last years in Vietnam, helping defeat the Americans. Finally someone did serious research into the subject: As a French scholar, using French qarchives, Christopher Goscha concentrated on the years 1945-1950, and there is of course no proof that any of the individuals he mentions were still serving with the North Vietnamese or Viet Cong during the "American War." What follows is condensed, with Prof. Goscha's permission, from his article "Belated Asian Allies," which appeared in A Companion to the Vietnam War , edited by Young & Buzzanco and published by Blackwell in 2002.Goscha estimates that perhaps 5,000 Japanese stayed behind in Vietnam in the fall of 1945. (The translator renders their status as "deserters," but I don't think that's honest. How can you desert from an army that has surrendered?) Famously able to subordinate the means to the end, the Communists naturally put them to use in their war against the French. As Goscha points out, the Viet Minh had very little experience in warfare or government, as opposed to guerilla resistance of the sort they had used against the occupying Japanese. They would have been glad of the expertise available in the left-behind Japanese population, both military and civilian.
Vietnam was divided at the 16th parallel by the victorious Allies, with the Chinese occupying the north and the British occupying the south. The Chinese gave the Viet Minh considerable freedom of action, while the British brought in French troops to relieve them of the burden of occupation; the French of course moved quickly to put down any independence movement.
The first Japanese aid came in the form of arms: in the north, Vo Nguyen Giap equipped his troops with French weapons that the Japanese had issued to its puppet Indochinese Guard. Japanese weapons made their way into the black market soon after the surrender. It wasn't long before Japanese soldiers and officers also became available: there was no immediate way home for these men, even if they wanted to go. They hadn't been defeated in the field; they couldn't understand why the Emperor had ended the war; they had nothing to greet them at home but shame and desolation. Many had Vietnamese wives or girlfriends. When the war ended, they thought of themselves in the tradition of the ronin or leaderless samurai warriors. Like the ronin, they simply gravitated toward whatever employer was willing to hire them.
And the Viet Minh wanted them, the officers and NCOs particularly, as training cadres. In September 1945, there were about 50,000 Japanese soldiers and civilians in northern Vietnam; by December 1946, about 32,000 had been repatriated and 3,000 escaped to the island of Hainan, leaving 15,000 still in the country. Perhaps a third of these, Goscha believes, may have joined the Viet Minh as cadre, combat troops, or civilian experts. In the British-occupied south, with the French returning and pressing the Viet Minh hard, a much larger proportion of the Japanese garrison was repatriated; Goscha estimates that only a few thousand remained in the summer of 1946, and that perhaps only a few hundred actually joined the Communist forces. (Apparently a larger number simply melted into the population as farmers and shop-keepers.)
In Thai Nguyen province, the Japanese apparently ran an arms factory. In Hanoi, a western-educated Japanese scholar named Kiyoshi Komatsu directed the Viet Minh's "International Committee for the Aid and Support of the Government of the DRV." In Quang Ngai, a Viet Minh officers' school had six Japanese officers on the faculty; in southern Trung Bo province, 36 out of 50 military instructors were Japanese. Major Ishii Takuo, a young officer of the 55th Division in Burma, deserted in Cambodia in December 1945 with several comrades and made his way to Vietnam, where he became a colonel in the Viet Minh, provisional head of the Quang Ngai military academy, and later "chief advisor" to Communist guerrillas in the south. Some specialists, including doctors and ordnance experts, were forced to work for the Viet Minh against their will. The French identified eleven Japanese nurses and two doctors working for the Viet Minh in northern Vietnam in 1951.
"One of the results of the Japanese presence in the Viet Minh army was an increase in French losses at the beginning of the war," Goscha writes. During the first battles in the north, Japanese soldiers served in the front lines. In Hue in 1947, the French reported battling a Japanese assault force of 150 men. Also in 1947, Colonel Ishii helped set up an ambush that killed upwards of 70 French soldiers.
Koshiro Iwai led Vietnamese units into battle and led commando raids behind French lines; by 1949 he was a Viet Minh battalion deputy commander. Later he became a planner for the 174th Regiment, helping the Viet Minh to employ their newly acquired Chinese cannon.
In 1951, the Viet Minh began to repatriate their Japanese (and European) helpers via China and Eastern Europe. After the Geneva Accords of 1954, which divided Vietnam into two halves, 71 Japanese left the Viet Minh and went home, and others returned over the years. "A handful would remain in Vietnam well into the 1970s," Goscha writes. "Others would never return." This doesn't necessarily mean they helped in the war against the Americans; more likely, these stay-behinds had simply gone native.
Supporting information
[Here's another discussion of the same question, by George Moore, which appeared on the moderated Vietnam War newsgroup several years ago. -- DF]
A number of years ago, there was some discussion [here] about the Imperial Japanese soldiers who, in 1945 and 1946, volunteered to serve with the Viet Minh in exchange for protection from World War II era Allied war crime tribunals. Cecil B Currey's new book Victory At Any Cost: The Genius of Vietnam's General Vo Nguyen Giap reviews the subject. Below are some notes about it for any student who wants to look into it. Most critically, it should be easy these days to get a copy of the original American DIA report about it. See below. With a copy of that report in hand, a most interesting article could be written about a long forgotten subject.
See page 125, where it is a question of Viet Minh repression of opposition groups just after the Chinese Kuomintang armies pulled out of Hanoi and northern Vietnam in June of 1946:
"In this activity, Giap had the help not only of his regular Viet Minh cadres but of another special unit as well. In 1945, Giap had enlisted 1,500 fanatically "antiwhite" Japanese military personnel who offered their services to him following Japan's surrender to the Allies. For them it was more attractive than the idea of returning to a defeated and occupied homeland. These soldiers were led by 230 noncommissioned officers and forty-seven gendarmes of the once dreaded Japanese Kempetai, all of whom were wanted for questioning by the Allies on charges of suspected war crimes. The entire group was commanded by Colonel Mukayama from the general staff of the 38th Imperial Army. Giap arranged for them all to receive Vietnamese citizenship and false identification papers. Mukayama became one of Giap's firm supporters and willingly served him when called upon, as he was in this instance, to attack opponents of the Viet Minh regime."
Unfortunately, the footnote to this text points only to the words "DIA Document". It does not matter however, because there is the name Colonel Mukayama. A search of old DIA documents for this name will certainly yield the original DIA report on the subject. It would have been written in 1945 or 1946.
On page 166 of this same book [Curry's book] is the note that "Colonel Mukayama was killed in December of 1947 at Cho Chu during a battle with French paratroopers."
A quick search of the index of the classic 1952 book from Philippe Devillers Histoire du Vietnam de 1940 a 1952 yields the same name Mukaiyama. Devillers has him listed as a Lieutenant Colonel. See page 282. "Pendant tout le printemps et l'ete (1946), les preparatifs dans les "chien khu" sont intensifies. Des technicians et des specialistes japonais pretent leur concours au commandement viet-minh comme conseillers techniques adjoints aux chefs ou comme instructeurs. Parmi les officiers nippons fanatiquement anti-blancs, venus apres la capitulation offrir leurs services au gouvernement vietnamien, figurait par exemple le lieutenant-colonel Mukaiyama, de l'Etat-Major de la 38e armee."
A quick translation of the above: "In the spring and summer (1946), preparations in the "chien khu" intensified. Japanese technicians and specialists offered their services to the Viet Minh as technical consultants and as instructors. In this group of fanatically anti white Japanese officers who offered their services to the Viet Minh government after the capitulation in Tokyo, was, for example, Lieutenant Colonel Mukaiyama, from the General Staff of the Imperial Japanese 38th Army." End translation.
Another angle on the subject is in a relatively new book by Professor [Jacques] Valette: La Guerre d'Indochine, 1945-1954. See page 27, where he reviews the role of the Japanese: "Des deserteurs japonais se sont mis au service du Viet-minh, beaucoup venant de la Kempetai. Les service francais ont eu quelque tendance a en gonfler les effectifs: `armee de 10,00 hommes" pres de Hue, `7,000 Japonais' entre Nam Dinh et Quinhon, au Tonkin, `7,000 repartis surtout dans les provinces de Backan, Vietri et Lang-son'. Au printemps 1946, ils revisent leur estimation: 2,000 Japonais dans les groupes armes du Viet-minh. Quant aux Chinois, ils etaient indifferents au probleme; des prisonniers furent embauches par eux, habilles en civil parce que techniciens."
A quick translation of the above: "Japanese deserters put themselves at the service of the Viet Minh, many of them coming from the Kempetai. The French services tended to overestimate their numbers: `army of 10,000 Japanese' near Hue, '7,000 Japanese' between Nam Dinh and Quinhon, in Tonkin, `7,000 above all in the provinces of Backan, Vietri and Lang Son'. In the spring of 1946, the French services revised their estimate: 2,000 Japanese were serving in armed Viet Minh groups. As for the Chinese, they were indifferent to the problem; their Japanese prisoners were hired and given civilian clothing because of their technical capabilities." End translation.
Needless to say, Backan, usually spelled Bac Kan or Bac Can, Vietri and Lang Son were Viet Minh controlled areas at the time. It was the first Viet Minh "liberated" zone.
The footnote for this text reads: "Note about the situation in the Hue region. Non dated and not signed - established for the services of the DGER in 1946. Private archives."
What this means is that the note is now in the possession of Professor Valette. As of 1994, he was a Professor at the University of Poitiers in France and the President of the Indochinese War Commission at the Institute of Contemporary Conflicts. He is also the author of a book on Japanese-French relations in Vietnam between 1940 and 1945.
DGER is the acronym for one of the World War II era military intelligence services, Direction des Etudes et de la Recherche, which was later combined into the SDECE. Some explanation about it is on the web page. Most of their old Indochina related documents are available to the public at the main French Indochina archive in Aix-en-Provence in southern France. .
Luton Town booked their place in the Blue Square Bet Premier play-off final against York as they hung on to beat Wrexham on aggregate.
Leading 2-0 from Thursday night's home leg, the Hatters looked home and hosed when George Pilkington struck home a 25th minute penalty following Mark Creighton's foul on Alex Lawless.
But Adrian Cieslewicz pulled one back for the home side on 63 minutes.
Player-boss Andy Morrell's 77th-minute strike then offered hope of extra-time.
But the Hatters held on and will face York City - their 2010 play-off semi-final conquerors - at Wembley on 20 May.
The kick-off was delayed at the Racecourse Ground due to extra time being played in the other semi-final between Mansfield and York.
Chances were at a premium in the first half as both sides struggled to create openings, and Luton were perhaps fortunate to extend their aggregate lead from the spot, following a set-play in the 23rd minute.
The Hatters at Wembley 1959 - Lost 2-1 in FA Cup final to Nottingham Forest
- Lost 2-1 in FA Cup final to Nottingham Forest 1988 - Beat Arsenal 3-2 in Littlewoods Cup final (pictured)
- Beat Arsenal 3-2 in Littlewoods Cup final (pictured) 1988 - Lost 4-1 to Reading in Simod Cup final
- Lost 4-1 to Reading in Simod Cup final 1989 - Lost 3-1 to Nottingham Forest in Littlewoods Cup final
- Lost 3-1 to Nottingham Forest in Littlewoods Cup final 1994 - Lost 2-0 to Chelsea in FA Cup semi-final
- Lost 2-0 to Chelsea in FA Cup semi-final 2009 - Beat Scunthorpe 3-2 in Johnstone's Paint Trophy final
- Beat Scunthorpe 3-2 in Johnstone's Paint Trophy final 2012 - Blue Square Bet Premier play-off final (20 May)
Lawless found himself impeded by Dragons defender Creighton, allowing Pilkington to stroke home from the penalty spot.
With three goals now required to level the tie, Wrexham eventually sparked into life in the 38th minute, Glen Little forcing a fingertip save from Mark Tyler.
But the Hatters were quicker out of the blocks following the restart when Stuart Fleetwood drilled firmly into Joslain Mayebi's gloves.
Andre Gray was perhaps already dreaming of a day at Wembley when he fired wide twice in as many minutes.
And, encouraged by that, when Morrell replaced Danny Wright in a bid to lead by example, Wrexham found their shooting boots.
On 63 minutes, Dean Keates wriggled free down the right flank to reach the by-line, picking out Cieslewicz to glance beyond Tyler.
And Morrell had the Hatters fans' hearts in their mouths 13 minutes from time when he smashed against a post before sidefooting the rebound into the net.
Now the chase was very much back on, as Wrexham tried to take the game to extra-time.
Had Greg Taylor's speculative long-range effort been more accurate he might have put the result beyond doubt.
But Luton, beaten on penalties by AFC Wimbledon at the City of Manchester Stadium a year ago, were forced to ride out eight fractious minutes of stoppage time before booking another day out at Wembley.
VIEWS FROM THE DRESSING ROOM
Media playback is not supported on this device Morrell devastated after play-off loss
Wrexham player-manager Andy Morrell told BBC Radio Wales:
"Again we're 45 minutes short of the 90 minute game. We played some good stuff in the first half but didn't cause them enough problems.
"In the second half we changed it around a little bit and it's not really the Wrexham way to go with the big lad up top.
"We knew if we could get a goal then they would struggle and that's the way it was.
"I'm so proud of the lads not just for the second half but for the whole season. They've given me every bit of energy that they've got left.
"When you're a manager you can't ask for any more than that."
Luton Town manager Paul Buckle told BBC Three Counties Radio:
Media playback is not supported on this device Team did Luton proud - Buckle
"I thought we were in total control but then a scruffy goal got Wrexham back into it and you have to give Andy's team credit.
"There was quite a way to go after they scored but we didn't get rolled over, as a lot of clubs who've come here have been this season.
"We showed different qualities to the qualities we showed in the first leg, and we were a credit to our club, as we were last week. It'll be a proud moment to walk out at Wembley, but we're desperate to win it now."
Live text commentary
Whenever something like the death of Freddie Gray happens, we usually get around, by the third or fourth day, to the broader poverty discussion. This debate usually boils down to the Great Society programs. Liberals say they worked, and what we need are more of them. Conservatives say they failed and the real answer is to found in a sterner moral code.
Between the two, I unsurprisingly endorse the liberal view above (although I don't think the conservatives have been 100 percent wrong, more on which later). But there's a more constructive way to talk about poverty than to fight over 50-year-old programs; it's to use a tragedy like this not just to defend old policies but to promote new ways of understanding poverty and the anti-social behavior that helps keep so many people trapped in it. And Gray's sad case is a prime example.
Freddie Gray grew up with lead poisoning. A great piece in The Washington Post last week laid out the whole history, Gray's personally and that of West Baltimore generally. Gray lived in a home where lead paint peeled off the walls.
Now certainly he had other problems—he was born prematurely to a mother who may have been using heroin while pregnant, and he spent the first few months of his life in a hospital. But even at that young age, he was tested for lead, and the tests found unusually high levels in his blood. At one point his family sued a landlord and won an undisclosed settlement. And all over West Baltimore, there were thousands of kids like him, breathing lead paint fumes, swallowing the little chips that got stuck under their fingernails, and so on.
And what did this do to him? Obviously we don't exactly know in his case. But we've known for a long time that lead makes children sick and impairs mental functions. An expert is quoted in that Post piece makes this rather eye-popping assertion—not doubt exaggerating somewhat, but driving home the basic point: “All these kids that grew up in those houses, they all have ADHD.” Also, read this 2013 New York Review of Books piece by Helen Epstein, uncannily prescient today, with its emphasis on Baltimore.
But it's not just about learning disorders. More recently, research has gone beyond that realm and has been starting to make more direct links between childhood lead poisoning and social dysfunction of the sort Gray exhibited, and even a tendency toward violence and crime.
Kevin Drum of Mother Jones has done a lot of interesting writing on this link in recent years. Research results even have people wondering, as this BBC article notes, whether removing the lead from “petrol” (car gasoline) has been the main reason crime has gone down in the last two decades. The BBC report notes that crime rose and rose across many advanced nations throughout the 20th century, until:
Then, about 20 years ago, the trend reversed—and all the broad measures of key crimes have been falling ever since.
Offending has fallen in nations whose governments have implemented completely different policies to their neighbours.
If your nation locks up more criminals than the average, crime has fallen. If it locks up fewer… crime has fallen. Nobody seems to know for sure why.
But there are some people that believe the removal of lead from petrol was a key factor.
Laugh if you want. The kinds of people who like to laugh at such things once laughed at studies warning about DDT, tobacco, refined sugar, and a hundred other malefactions.
Now let's bring our Congress into focus. Since the passage of a big lead-reduction law in 1992, Congress has appropriated moneys to the goal of abating lead paint in buildings across the country. Predictably enough, we've been pretty successful in neighborhoods that are middle class and up, but not so successful in poor neighborhoods.
Congress has typically funded the lead-abatement program, run by the Centers for Disease Control, inadequately. But in 2011-2012, Congress quadrupled down on inadequate: It cut the funding for the program from $29 million to $2 million. That's not a typo. This was a result of the sequestration targets imposed on the federal budget, largely forced on us by the Tea Partiers. By last year, cooler heads prevailed and the program got back up to $15 million. But that's still half what it was when it was merely inadequate. As a result, cities all over the country have had to cut back. Chicago, which got $1.2 million from the feds in 2010, received $347,000 last year.
The one thing I'll say for conservatism with respect to the poverty debate, and the crime debate, is to remind us that on some level, individuals are responsible for their own actions. If we don't accept and impose this standard, we have moral chaos. (Of course, we ought to be imposing it on bankers, too.) Social pathologies can explain anti-social behavior but can't excuse it. We can agree to that, although we can however do without the obnoxious right-wing preaching at poor people that cascades out of certain word processors at times like these.
But no poor person, whether his character is closer to that of Mohandas Gandhi or Charles Manson, can control how much lead is in the paint of the walls of the crappy apartment that he can afford and where he's trying to raise his little children. Conservatives like to tell us poor people need to make better choices, but how much lead his children breathe in or swallow has nothing to do with any choices he made. It has to do with choices made by others, from his landlord on up to appropriators in Congress.
And what if, 15 or 20 years from now, the science is crystal clear on the connection between lead exposure and the kinds of problems Freddie Gray had? I'll tell you exactly what. Liberals will say: The scientific verdict is in. Let's do what we have to do here once and for all.
But conservatives will stand athwart history yelling stop as they always do—the moral scolds will blame single parents, and the ones who just don't want their tax money spent on the moocher class will whistle up outfits like the Competitive Enterprise Institute to produce alternative “studies” questioning what actual science knows to be obvious, and we will be stalemated. And that will be another “choice” that people poor didn't make that will help consign their children to society's margins.
Ron Pucek's Living Waters Catfish Farm
Ron Pucek brought many of the region's water issues to a head when he opened his Living Waters Artesian Springs catfish farm in southwest Bexar county in March of 1991. Because the "right of capture" prevailed, he was free to take as much water from the Aquifer as he could put to a beneficial use. Many eyebrows were raised when news reports indicated he had drilled the world's largest water well and was using about 45 million gallons per day - enough water to support 250,000 people, about one-fourth of San Antonio's population at the time. Even more startling was the realization that if Pucek's use was legal, it meant that San Antonio had no firm supply of water at all. Because the Edwards Aquifer flowpaths are generally from southwest to northeast, Pucek's well was just upstream of all of San Antonio's pumping centers. The incident served as a psychological turning point in the way the region thought about and managed water.
There is tremendous artesian pressure at this location. When this well came in, it blew out rocks the size of basketballs 20 feet into the air. The well was massive . . . 30" in diameter and capable of producing 40 thousand gallons per minute. Water came out of the ground at 89 degrees, and by the time it flowed through a canal and into the raceways, it was the optimum temperature for raising fish - about 86 degrees. Since the volume of water passing through the raceways was so huge, there was little concern for disease among the fish and the quality of water discharged to the Medina River was very high.
However, because small amounts of fish pee and other impurities were present, the water was classified as an untreated waste and was not considered potable. Not that it really was potable to begin with - the site is close to the fresh/saline water interface of the Edwards and in addition to having an elevated temperature, the water had a distinct sulfurous odor, which is very common of Edwards wells in this area. It probably would not have been considered suitable for distribution to humans.
The catfish farm was in full-swing operation for only one season in 1991 before it was forced to shut down because of the fish pee. It wasn't the huge volume of water that was the problem - it was that Pucek lacked a permit under the Clean Water Act to discharge water into the Medina River.
In February of 1996, the farm reopened using only 2% of the previous flow to grow a small crop of catfish and some ornamental Japanese koi. A holding pond was built, and the idea was that all the water used would be retained on the property. Mr. Pucek did not need a discharge permit if the water did not leave his land. However, the Edwards Underground Water District asserted the design of his holding pond was faulty and that water was still being discharged to the Medina River illegally. Facing tremendous legal costs, Mr. Pucek agreed to truck his fish elsewhere and once again shut down the farm.
Was this use of water a waste? Mr. Pucek and his supporters spent over $1 million to drill the world's largest water well and build raceways, and they produced a healthy food crop that could have been worth up to $25 million per year. Many argued, however, that no one should be able to use that much water. On the other hand, the law was on Mr. Pucek's side. And his use of the water was almost completely non-consumptive. All the water he used was available for nonpotable re-use by others, and to many it seemed his use of water to grow a food crop seemed much less "wasteful" than using it to keep lawns green in the summertime.
In the eyes of water officials, Mr. Pucek was a heinous waster of a precious resource. In the eyes of many farmers, he was not much different from them and was being singled out for criticism. The whole situation pointed up the need for a set of ground rules and standards that everybody in the region can follow and can be expected to live by.
Pucek with well, March 27, 1991 This photo of Ron Pucek with his well was taken by an official from the Texas Water Commission during a visit on March 27, 1991.
When users were asked to file pumping permit applications with the EAA, Pucek claimed a maximum historical use of 46,483 acre-feet. In 2000 the EAA proposed a permit for 17,724 acre-feet.
On December 5, 2000, the San Antonio Water System board of trustees agreed to buy Ronnie Pucek's catfish farm and most of his water rights for $9 million. The sale included 10,000 acre-feet of pumping rights for the city, Pucek's 85 acre farm, the right to lease Pucek's all or part of his remaining 7,724 acre-feet for $25 an acre-foot for five years, and the right to match after that any offer Pucek might receive to buy or lease the rights. All the amounts were contingent on how much Pucek ended up with in Edwards rights, as his permit was not yet finalized at that time.
The sale brought an end to almost a decade of contentious squabbles and closed out the possibility of future litigation. SAWS board chairman Juan Patlan said “Pucek and his financial partners were very smart, very shrewd. They were watching what was going on, and they gambled that eventually they were going to have the right to a lot of water, and they were right.”
In August 2002, the Edwards Aquifer Authority cleared the way for SAWS to make an outright purchase of Mr. Pucek's water rights by finalizing a permit to pump 22,500 acre-feet per year. The final value of 22,500 represented a compromise that would keep both sides from having to endure years of litigation.
In May of 2003, SAWS purchased additional tangible assets of Living Waters Artesian Springs, Ltd, including the well, and an additional 3,125 acre-feet in water rights. The sale left Pucek's partnership with 9,375 acre-feet in water rights, which SAWS then acquired in December of that year for $15.5 million. Overall, SAWS paid Pucek more than $30 million for water sales, leases, land, and equipment.
In October 2006, SAWS modified the artesian well to convert it into a monitoring well for a saline water line study. As mentioned above, the well was very close to the interface between fresh and saline water.
The well was rather large for serving the purpose of a monitoring well, so in 2007 SAWS drilled a separate monitoring well on the property and in 2009 it stopped using the famous irrigation well.
In June of 2010, SAWS declared the property to be surplus to its system and in March of 2011, Bexar county agreed to purchase the property from SAWS for a flood control project to alleviate flooding in the city of Von Ormy.
That deal fell through, but in August of 2013 the SAWS Board of Trustees approved a sale of the 85-acre property to the San Antonio River Authority for $315,000, which intends to utilize it for an expansion of its parks system along the Medina River and for stream restoration projects. SAWS reserved a right of access to the monitoring well and a no build restriction around the well site.
Because the well is close to the fresh/saline water interface and produces warm water with an elevated salt content, it deteriorated over the years much faster than a normal Edwards water well. In December of 2018 SAWS plugged the well, thereby writing the last chapter in the story of a well that forever changed how the region manages and views water.
The photographs below were taken during the short period in 1991 when the farm was in full-swing operation.
Water flowing from well to fish raceways Water came out of the well at 89 degrees, and by the time it flowed through this canal and into the raceways, it was the optimum temperature for raising fish - about 86 degrees.
Distribution box Water flowed from the canal above into this distribution box that divided flow into the individual raceways at a lower elevation.
Fish raceways The fish lived in these shaded raceways. In addition to raising catfish for eating, the farm also sold bait. My father caught a 52 pound catfish at Canyon Lake using brightly colored minnows purchased from the farm. He swore by them.
Collection channel Another view of the fish raceways while the farm was in operation in 1991, showing the collection channel at the downstream end. Water flowed from here for a short distance into the Medina River.
A few photographs taken in 2007, some 16 years after the fish farm's heyday.
The well in 2007 What remained of the well in 2007. It was being used by the San Antonio Water System for Aquifer monitoring purposes.
Abandoned raceways in 2007 The raceway structures were still intact in 2007, though overgrown.
Another view in 2007 Another view of the remains in 2007.
Some photographs of the 2018 well plugging.
Police say they are offering increased protection to a Liberal MP and are investigating potentially threatening messages sent to her office after she put forward a motion in the House of Commons condemning Islamophobia.
Mississauga-Erin Mills MP Iqra Khalid tabled private member's motion M-103 calling on the federal government to eliminate "Islamophobia and all forms of systemic racism and religious discrimination."
Her motion has become a lightning rod for activists, opposition politicians and individuals who fear the motion will somehow threaten free speech or pave the way for Islamic shariah law in Canada.
Khalid told the House of Commons on Thursday her office received roughly 50,000 messages, many of them hateful and threatening. Khalid read out in the House this week some of the uglier messages sent to her, including one that said "Kill her and be done with it" and another that vowed "We will burn down your mosques."
Officials at Khalid's constituency office in Mississauga, Ont., say they have been receiving angry phone calls from across Canada and have been in contact with police. Const. Harinder Sohi of the Peel Regional Police confirmed in an email to CBC News the force is responding.
"Peel Regional Police is currently investigating material received by MP Iqra Khalid's office," the email said.
"Peel Regional Police have also increased patrols around the MP's constituency office and home for security purposes."
Sowing fear and division
The RCMP says it has also been informed about the messages sent to Khalid's office, as well as messages sent to the office of Heritage Minister Mélanie Joly.
"The RCMP takes all threats seriously," said Sgt. Julie Gagnon in an email. "The RCMP is aware of these and are looking into it. To ensure the safety of those we protect, specific details on security measures cannot be provided."
Joly's office says she has not requested extra security. The minister says she was taken aback by hateful comments that appeared online when she took part in a news conference on M-103 that was broadcast live on Facebook this week.
"It's completely unacceptable," said Joly, adding that her partner had seen the comments online and told her he was worried by messages that she says sow fear and division.
Alternative motion
Khalid's motion will be back before the House of Commons in April. Opposition Conservatives have come out strongly against the motion. Many of the candidates running for the leadership of the party say they are opposed, with only one candidate, Michael Chong, publicly declaring his support for the measure.
The Conservatives have put forward their own motion to counter M-103. It would remove the reference to Islamophobia and instead call on government to "condemn all forms of systemic racism, religious intolerance and discrimination of Muslims, Jews, Christians, Sikhs, Hindus and other religious communities."
The government has rejected that, saying Islamophobia is real and must be challenged.
City issues level 3 heat advisory ahead of Battle of Flowers parade
Here is your parade route view of the Battle of Flowers. Check out all the queens, bands, floats and parade goers who filled downtown for the annual event, Friday, April 22, 2016. Here is your parade route view of the Battle of Flowers. Check out all the queens, bands, floats and parade goers who filled downtown for the annual event, Friday, April 22, 2016. Photo: By B. Kay Richter, For MySA.com Photo: By B. Kay Richter, For MySA.com Image 1 of / 73 Caption Close City issues level 3 heat advisory ahead of Battle of Flowers parade 1 / 73 Back to Gallery
The San Antonio Metropolitan Health District has issued a high-level heat advisory for Friday and Saturday, where temperatures are expected to be in the mid-90s for the Battle of Flowers Parade and other Fiesta activities.
The heat index will be between 90 and 108 degrees for two consecutive days, making the notice a level III advisory, a Metro Health news release states.
The Battle of Flowers parade will wind its way through downtown San Antonio around noon Friday, when the National Weather Service projects it to be 94 degrees.
RELATED: NWS: 40 percent chance of rain for the last weekend of Fiesta
"Particularly with all the Fiesta activities taking place on Friday and Saturday, it is imperative that people drink plenty of water to prevent complications from the heat," said Dr. Vincent Nathan, Metro Health assistant director.
Locals began claiming prime parade spots as early as Monday morning, and sightings of chairs, campsites and bleachers have slowly appeared on Broadway throughout the week.
On Tuesday city officials confirmed to mySA.com that camping on Broadway along the parade route was once again open to the public after initially putting an end to the practice last year.
RELATED: City reverses decision, opens Fiesta 2017 camping along Broadway for parades
"The city understands the long family tradition of camping in this area during Fiesta, and wanted to allow for this tradition to continue," Center City Development and Operations Interim Director John Jacks said.
In 2016 the city posted signs announcing that it would be the last year of "Fiesta setup" due to a landscaping project.
kbradshaw@express-news.net
Twitter: @kbrad5
Webpack simplifies web development by solving a fundamental problem: bundling. It takes in various assets, such as JavaScript, CSS, and HTML, and transforms them into a format that's convenient to consume through a browser. Doing this well takes a significant amount of pain away from web development.
It's not the easiest tool to learn due to its configuration-driven approach, but it's incredibly powerful. The purpose of this guide is to help you get started with webpack and then go beyond the basics.
What Is Webpack #
Web browsers are designed to consume HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. As a project grows, tracking and configuring all of these files becomes too complicated to manage without help. Webpack was designed to address these problems. Managing complexity is one of the fundamental issues of web development, and solving this problem well helps significantly.
Webpack isn't the only available bundler, and a collection of different tools have emerged. Task runners, such as Grunt and Gulp, are good examples of higher-level tools. Often the problem is that you need to write the workflows by hand. Pushing that issue to a bundler, such as webpack, is a step forward.
How Webpack Changes The Situation #
Webpack takes another route. It allows you to treat your project as a dependency graph. You could have an index.js in your project that pulls in the dependencies the project needs through the standard require or import statements. You can refer to your style files and other assets the same way if you want.
Webpack does all the preprocessing for you and gives you the bundles you specify through configuration and your code. This declarative approach is versatile, but it's difficult to learn.
Webpack becomes an indispensable tool after you begin to understand how it works. This book has been designed to get through that initial learning curve and even go further.
What Will You Learn #
This book has been designed to complement the official documentation of webpack. This book can be considered a companion to it. This book has been designed to get through that initial learning curve and go even further.
The book teaches you to develop a composable webpack configuration for both development and production purposes. Advanced techniques covered by the book allow you to get the most out of webpack 4.
How Is The Book Organized #
The book starts by explaining what webpack is. After that, you will find multiple chapters that discuss webpack from a different viewpoint. As you go through these chapters, you will develop your own webpack configuration while at the same time learning essential techniques.
The book has been split into the following parts:
Developing gets you up and running with webpack. This part goes through features such as automatic browser refresh and explains how to compose your configuration so that it remains maintainable.
gets you up and running with webpack. This part goes through features such as automatic browser refresh and explains how to compose your configuration so that it remains maintainable. Styling puts heavy emphasis on styling related topics. You will learn how to load styles with webpack and how to introduce techniques such as autoprefixing into your setup.
puts heavy emphasis on styling related topics. You will learn how to load styles with webpack and how to introduce techniques such as autoprefixing into your setup. Loading explains webpack's loader definitions in detail and shows you how to load assets such as images, fonts, and JavaScript.
explains webpack's loader definitions in detail and shows you how to load assets such as images, fonts, and JavaScript. Building introduces source maps and the ideas of bundle and code splitting. You will learn to tidy up your build.
introduces source maps and the ideas of bundle and code splitting. You will learn to tidy up your build. Optimizing pushes your build to production quality level and introduces many smaller tweaks to make it smaller. You will learn to tune webpack for performance.
pushes your build to production quality level and introduces many smaller tweaks to make it smaller. You will learn to tune webpack for performance. Output discusses webpack's output related techniques. Despite its name, it's not only for the web. You see how to manage multiple page setups with webpack and pick up the basic idea of Server Side Rendering.
discusses webpack's output related techniques. Despite its name, it's not only for the web. You see how to manage multiple page setups with webpack and pick up the basic idea of Server Side Rendering. Technique discusses several specific ideas including dynamic loading, web workers, internationalization, deploying your applications, and consuming npm packages through webpack.
discusses several specific ideas including dynamic loading, web workers, internationalization, deploying your applications, and consuming npm packages through webpack. Extending shows how to extend webpack with loaders and plugins.
Finally, there is a short conclusion chapter that recaps the main points of the book. It contains checklists of techniques from this book that allow you to methodically go through your projects.
The appendices at the end of the book cover secondary topics and sometimes dig deeper into the main ones. You can approach them in any order you want depending on your interest.
The Troubleshooting appendix at the end covers what to do when webpack gives you an error. It covers a process, so you know what to do and how to debug the problem. When in doubt, study the appendix. If you are unsure of a term and its meaning, see the Glossary at the end of the book.
Who Is The Book For #
You should have basic knowledge of JavaScript, Node, and npm. If you know something about webpack, that's great. By reading this book, you deepen your understanding of these tools.
If you don't know much about the topic, consider going carefully through the early parts. You can scan the rest to pick the bits you find worthwhile. If you know webpack already, skim and choose the techniques you find valuable.
In case you know webpack well already, there is still something in the book for you. Skim through it and see if you can pick up new techniques. Especially read the summaries at the end of the chapters and the concluding chapter of the book.
Given this book receives a fair amount of maintenance and improvements due to the pace of innovation, there's a versioning scheme in place. Release notes for each new version are maintained at the book blog. You can also use GitHub compare tool for this purpose. Example:
https://github.com/survivejs/webpack-book/compare/v2.1.7 .. .v2.4.6
The page shows you the individual commits that went to the project between the given version range. You can also see the lines that have changed in the book.
The current version of the book is 2.4.6.
If you run into trouble or have questions related to the content, there are several options:
If you post questions to Stack Overflow, tag them using survivejs. You can use the hashtag #survivejs on Twitter for the same result.
You can find more related material from the following sources:
Big thanks to Christian Alfoni for helping me craft the first version of this book. This is what inspired the entire SurviveJS effort. The version you see now is a complete rewrite.
This book wouldn't be half as good as it's without patient editing and feedback by my editors Jesús Rodríguez, Artem Sapegin, and Pedr Browne. Thank you.
This book wouldn't have been possible without the original "SurviveJS - Webpack and React" effort. Anyone who contributed to it deserves my thanks. You can check that book for more accurate attributions.
Thanks to Mike "Pomax" Kamermans, Cesar Andreu, Dan Palmer, Viktor Jančík, Tom Byrer, Christian Hettlage, David A. Lee, Alexandar Castaneda, Marcel Olszewski, Steve Schwartz, Chris Sanders, Charles Ju, Aditya Bhardwaj, Rasheed Bustamam, José Menor, Ben Gale, Jake Goulding, Andrew Ferk, gabo, Giang Nguyen, @Coaxial, @khronic, Henrik Raitasola, Gavin Orland, David Riccitelli, Stephen Wright, Majky Bašista, Gunnari Auvinen, Jón Levy, Alexander Zaytsev, Richard Muller, Ava Mallory (Fiverr), Sun Zheng'an, Nancy (Fiverr), Aluan Haddad, Steve Mao, Craig McKenna, Tobias Koppers, Stefan Frede, Vladimir Grenaderov, Scott Thompson, Rafael De Leon, Gil Forcada Codinachs, Jason Aller, @pikeshawn, Stephan Klinger, Daniel Carral, Nick Yianilos, Stephen Bolton, Felipe Reis, Rodolfo Rodriguez, Vicky Koblinski, Pyotr Ermishkin, Ken Gregory, Dmitry Kaminski, John Darryl Pelingo, Brian Cui, @st-sloth, Nathan Klatt, Muhamadamin Ibragimov, Kema Akpala, Roberto Fuentes, Eric Johnson, Luca Poldelmengo, Giovanni Iembo, Dmitry Anderson , Douglas Cerna, and many others who have contributed direct feedback for this book!
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - “Grand Theft Auto V,” the fifth installment of the video game that became a focal point of debate about gratuitous violence and explicit content in the media, came out guns blasting with $800 million in global first-day sales.
Take-Two Interactive Software Inc. CEO Strauss Zelnick poses for a portrait during the Electronic Entertainment Expo or E3 in Los Angeles June 8, 2011. REUTERS/Danny Moloshok
Take-Two Interactive Software Inc's most lucrative franchise went on sale at midnight on Tuesday.
The sales figure marked a first-day record for the Grand Theft Auto series in which players freely roam, mainly via automobiles, in a game world based on real-life locations such as Los Angeles.
Take-Two shares closed up 1.2 percent at $17.20. The stock has climbed 12 percent since July when the company raised its fiscal 2014 forecast and the buzz grew louder around the game's September release.
Retail revenues of $800 million would translate to sales of about 13 million to 14 million units of the game, analysts estimated.
“The last major Grand Theft Auto title sold just under 13 million in the course of the year. This did that in a day,” said Daniel Ernst, an analyst at Hudson Square Research. The sales beat his expectations.
The 16-year-old Grand Theft Auto franchise has won numerous awards and become embedded in popular culture over the years. The criminal drama and action-adventure series has also stirred its share of controversy over the violent and adult nature of its content.
The game, which costs $60, has been given a “Mature” rating by the industry group that rates video game content in the U.S, meaning it can only be purchased by gamers older than 17.
“Grand Theft Auto IV” was released in 2008, and gamers had eagerly awaited the fifth installment. It took more than five years to be developed by Take-Two's Rockstar Games studio, at a cost of between $200 million and $250 million, according to some analysts' estimates.
The debut now ranks as among the industry's strongest. Last year, Activision Blizzard Inc's “Call Of Duty: Black Ops II” raked in $500 million on its first day.
Other blockbuster titles from top-selling franchises such as “Call of Duty” and Nintendo's “Mario” games sell more than 20 million copies in a year, Ernst said.
“We're looking for 23 million units of games sold by March 2014 and we won't change that, but $800 million in the first day is phenomenal,” said Mike Hickey, an analyst at the Benchmark Company.
DOES IT HAVE LEGS?
Game fans flocked to retail stores around the world at midnight before the game's release on Tuesday. Analysts had estimated that more than 7 million units had been pre-ordered before the release.
“Grand Theft Auto V” is available on Xbox 360 and the PlayStation 3 consoles, owned by over 160 million gamers.
The video game industry, which has been struggling with flagging sales, is awaiting the November release of Microsoft Corp's Xbox One and Sony Corp's PlayStation 4, in the hope that new hardware will boost sales.
Take-Two has yet to announce a version of “Grand Theft Auto V” for those next-generation consoles. The arrival of the new technology could create a “friction point” for continued sales, Benchmark's Hickey said.
“The focus should now be about the sustainability and whether the title has legs,” Arvind Bhatia, a Sterne Agee analyst, said. “Indications are it probably does, as critics and consumers love it, retailers are supporting it in a big way and the installed base of current-generation consoles is very large. But we'll have to see in coming weeks.”
Diana Mehta, The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- A proposed class-action lawsuit filed in an Ontario court Friday alleges the federal government fails to provide adequate care to mentally ill prisoners while relying far too heavily on solitary confinement as a way to deal with them.
The case, if certified by the court, would pit the Attorney General of Canada against federal inmates diagnosed with mental illness between 1992 and the present.
"Prisoners in federal institutions who suffer serious mental illness are not being given the treatment they are statutorily entitled to," said lawyer James Sayce, whose firm Koskie Minsky is behind the action. "It's a problem that can't be ignored anymore."
The lawsuit, which contains allegations not proven in court, is seeking at least $600 million in damages and estimates hundreds of mentally ill prisoners could be part of the action if it is certified.
"They are being warehoused and they are being subjected to extended periods of time in solitary confinement because the federal prison system doesn't know what to do with them," said Sayce. "The effect is...the illnesses get worse, and you have serious pain and emotional stress being suffered by these unwell inmates."
A statement of claim filed Friday alleges that those tasked with caring for mentally ill inmates in federal prisons have treated them with "contempt, prejudice, indifference and abuse."
It claims prison staff are unqualified to administer, control, protect and care for mentally ill inmates and instead rely almost exclusively on "force, compliance and behavioural inducement methods."
It also alleges that extended periods of solitary confinement are used to "contain and manage" mentally ill prisoners.
It alleges the practice amounts to "cruel and unusual punishment" for mentally ill prisoners and claims that the government is failing in its mandate to rehabilitated rather than punish prisoners.
"Federal penitentiaries are becoming Canada's largest repositories for the mentally ill," the statement of claim said. "Prisoners diagnosed with serious psychological disorders and illnesses have suffered severe harm as a result of the defendant's policies and procedures."
The statement of claim also alleges mentally ill inmates face interruptions in care when they are admitted to and transferred between institutions, which lead to them being denied medication for an extended period, and are also allegedly denied commonly prescribed psychiatric drugs.
A spokeswoman for Correctional Service Canada said it was in the process of reviewing the claim and could not comment on the matter as it was before the court.
"Ensuring the safety and security of institutions, staff, and the public remains the highest priority in the operations of the federal correctional system," said Veronique Riox.
"Canadian law and correctional policy allows for the use of administrative segregation in limited circumstances, when there is no reasonable alternative and for the shortest period of time necessary."
The representative plaintiff in the case, Christopher Brazeau, is a prisoner at an institution in Edmonton. The 34-year-old suffers from post traumatic stress disorder, generalized anxiety disorder and attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder, said the statement of claim.
He is serving a sentence of 12 years for robbery-related crimes. He has spent 12 consecutive months in solitary confinement, has gone long periods without his necessary medications and has "regularly" been prescribed unsuitable medications, the statement of claim said.
"Mr. Brazeau suffered significant worsening of his mental health problems during his time in solitary confinement, including anxiety, depression, self-harm, suicidal thoughts and visual and auditory hallucinations," the statement of claim alleged.
"It is likely that Mr. Brazeau's condition will continue to deteriorate as a result of Canada's failure to create and implement policies that allow for the provision of proper health care."
Foto: Wikipedia
JEDNA od najpoznatijih slika iz Drugog svjetskog rata stoji na ulazu u zgradu Ujedinjenih naroda u New Yorku, a na njoj se nalazi - Hrvat. Riječ je o čuvenoj slici Stjepana Steve Filipovića, Hrvata i antifašista iz Opuzena, napravljenoj nekoliko trenutaka prije nego što će biti obješen u Valjevu na jučerašnji dan, 22. svibnja 1942., prije točno 75 godina.
Na čuvenoj slici vidi se Filipović s konopcem oko vrata kako prkosno diže ruke u zrak. Filipović se rodio 26. siječnja 1916. godine u Opuzenu, a zbog očevog posla preselio je u Valjevo. Tamo su ga zvali Stevan pa su ga tijekom kratkog života i tako zvali, a od tu i česta zabuna oko njegovog pravog imena. Kao aktivni član Komunističke partije on je u valjevskom kraju organizirao ustanak protiv Nijemaca. Na Badnjak 1941. godine zarobili su ga četnici i nakon mučenja izručili Gestapou.
Slavna je fotografija snimljena 22. svibnja 1942. godine, nekoliko trenutaka prije nego će biti obješen.
Do 1991. godine Filipović je imao i spomenik u Opuzenu. No, isti je srušen po nečijoj zapovijedi.
Povijest je napravila jednu zanimljivu slučajnost. Naime, Filipović je ubijen na isti dan kad je u Šibeniku strijeljan Rade Končar. Hrvata Filipovića uhvatili su četnici i predali na nemilost Nijemcima. Hrvatskog Srbina Radu Končara uhvatile su ustaše i predale svojim gazdama Talijanima.
Iako je Filipovićev prkosni stav jedna od prvih stvari koje političari i brojni svjetski uglednici vide kad uđu u zgradu UN-a, u Hrvatskoj o njemu nećete puno čuti. Nema političara, nema govora ni polaganja vijenaca i sličnih stvari.
UN-u se njime ponosi jer predstavlja jednu od najupečatljivijih uspomena na antifašizam. Hrvatske vlasti ga se stide, vjerojatno iz istog razloga.
American network TV series return to Vancouver this summer, with Supernatural scheduled to start filming of its eighth season on July 9th; modern fairy tale series Once Upon a Time of its second hit season on July 16th; Fringe of its fifth and final season on July 18th; kickass Arrow of its first season on July 18th; and Ally McBeal-esque Emily Owens M.D. of its first season on August 1st.
July 9th: Supernatural left us with separated Winchester Brothers. Dean is trapped in Purgatory. That won't stop his alter ego Jensen Ackles from directing the first filmed episode, as he's done for the past two seasons. Ackles returned to Vancouver this Tuesday to get started on his director's prep for what will be episode three. Supernatural's season eight premiere airs on Wednesday, October 3rd, on The CW.
July 16th: There will be magic in Storybrooke when Once Upon a Time starts filming its second season next month. Expect to see some green screens on Moncton Street in Steveston, which usually doubles for Storybrooke. And expect to see more of Emilie de Ravin as Belle, the better half of RumBelle (fans' single name for Rumplestiltskin and Belle as a couple). Plus we can look forward to an unusual family reunion — between Snow White, Prince Charming and their daughter Emma Swan — now that the curse is broken and fairy tale characters know who they really are.
July 18th: Fringe is expected to leap forward to the year 2036 when bad-ass Observers rule the world in its fifth and final season. This time we hope Anna Torv's Olivia will find a way to join John Noble's Walter Bishop and Joshua Jackson's Peter Bishop to fight the future. The season premiere airs Friday, September 28th, on FOX and City-TV.
July 18th: Arrow star Stephen Amell is already in town prepping for the start of his superhero reboot in the style of the Dark Knight Trilogy. The much-anticipated series premieres Wednesday, October 10th on The CW and CTVTwo.
August 1st: Mamie Gummer (Meryl Streep's daughter)'s new medical drama series Emily Owens, M.D. has a later start. The many fans of Justin Hartley (Smallville's Green Arrow) will have to wait a little longer to see him on location. And even longer to see him on screen. Emily Owens, M.D. debuts on Tuesday, October 16th, on The CW.
Two other American networks shows — Cult and Red Widow — are both slated for mid-season, so there's no word yet on their start dates.
Cape Town – Watch, rinse, repeat: Fed-up and fatigued viewers, tired of an avalanche of movie repeats on television, are attacking e.tv after the South African broadcaster brazenly bragged that it has showed the movie Anaconda 19 times.On Sunday night e.tv showed the 1997 schlock movie for the 19th time, but told viewers it would be "the last premiere of Anaconda" – for now.It was also a lie.Just after midnight on Sunday, at 00:40 on Monday morning, e.tv showed Anaconda yet again.Before the "end of an era" as e.tv billed Sunday night's "final" showing, the broadcaster said that it "has played the classic horror film a whopping 18 times and despite outrage and conflicting opinions over three million viewers tune in for the epic showing every time".A few years ago it was films like Fanny by Gaslight which perpetually littered the e.tv schedule and which the broadcaster kept showing over and over and over again.e.tv created the hashtag #GoodbyeAnaconda on Twitter and that's when the viewer backlash against the broadcaster started over excessive repeats and repetition of the movie."While we wish the snake goodbye, please don't bring back Emmanuel and Walker Texas Ranger," wrote Refilwe Bogatsu.A Renaldo wrote: "Now finally the snake can go into it's retirement after years in loyal service for the channel"."Thank you e.tv. Can you do that with other movies. Please!" begged S'bu Mbambo."17 times too many! Let's make way for new stuff!" said Viv."Just because the original Anaconda is being exiled, doesn't mean the sequels should stay either. Take em all," wrote Nkunzi Malanga."On a serious note though. Is this some kind of sick joke? Does someone get paid to select the 8pm movie and how much?" asked Golden Lady Bird.
Three ways they reject the very Catholic Social Teaching they claim to champion.
“How can you support gay marriage and abortion? I thought you were Catholic.”
“Well I'm a social justice Catholic.”
Right.
Whether it's used to describe commentator E.J. Dionne, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, or Vice President Joe Biden, it's well-known that the term “social justice Catholic” is almost always a code word for a certain brand of cafeteria Catholicism that intentionally rejects a wide range of Church teaching. What's not as well-known, though, is that what they reject often includes central tenets of the very Catholic Social Teaching (CST) they claim to champion. Here are three significant examples.
The Compendium of the Social Doctrine of the Church offers several key principles to CST: subsidiarity, solidarity, the common good, universal destination of goods, and participation, but the first and most important principle is the dignity of the human person.
Grounded in the biblical doctrine that we are all made in the image of God (Genesis 1.27), this principle means that all human beings have certain rights, the first of which the Compendium lists as this: “the right to life, an integral part of which is the right of the child to develop in the mother's womb from the moment of conception…” (CSDC 155)
That's right: opposition to abortion is one of the most important tenets of CST.
In fact, to reject the Church's teaching on abortion is to reject the basis for the Church's teachings about helping the poor. If that seems a bit much, I'll point out that Pope Francis, who has made care for the poor a centerpiece of his papacy, made precisely this point in his apostolic exhortation Evangelii Gaudium:
[T]his defence of unborn life is closely linked to the defence of each and every other human right. It involves the conviction that a human being is always sacred and inviolable, in any situation and at every stage of development. […] Once this conviction disappears, so do solid and lasting foundations for the defence of human rights, which would always be subject to the passing whims of the powers that be… Precisely because this involves the internal consistency of our message about the value of the human person, the Church cannot be expected to change her position on this question. (213-214)
To support abortion, as many self-identified social justice Catholics do, is to the reject the first principle of CST.
After the initial principles are established, the Compendium starts applying them to specific parts of society. The very first subject, before talking about economics, the role of government, or the environment, is “The Family, the Vital Cell of Society.” (CSDC 209ff) In fact, the second human right listed in the Compendium is “the right to live in a united family and in a moral environment conducive to the growth of the child's personality." (CSDC 155) Regarding the proper form of the family unit, the Compendium is clear: “indissoluble monogamous marriage [is] the only authentic form of the family.” The Compendium adds that government legislation “must never weaken recognition” of this fact and specifically warns against redefining marriage legally to include same-sex marriage. (CSDC 228, 229)
In other words, divorce and same-sex marriage are both, according to CST, contrary to the very foundation of society. So are a whole host of other things the Compendium rejects: fornication, contraception, illicit fertility methods (e.g. IVF), polygamy, etc. The list of sins against the family could go on, but the point is clear: there's no way a person can embrace the sexual revolution, as many social justice Catholics do, and yet also claim to embrace CST.
HÜMMEL, Germany — IN the deep stillness of a forest in winter, the sound of footsteps on a carpet of leaves died away. Peter Wohlleben had found what he was looking for: a pair of towering beeches. “These trees are friends,” he said, craning his neck to look at the leafless crowns, black against a gray sky. “You see how the thick branches point away from each other? That's so they don't block their buddy's light.”
Before moving on to an elderly beech to show how trees, like people, wrinkle as they age, he added, “Sometimes, pairs like this are so interconnected at the roots that when one tree dies, the other one dies, too.”
Mr. Wohlleben, 51, is a very tall career forest ranger who, with his ramrod posture and muted green uniform, looks a little like one of the sturdy beeches in the woods he cares for. Yet he is lately something of a sensation as a writer in Germany, a place where the forest has long played an outsize role in the cultural consciousness, in places like fairy tales, 20th-century philosophy, Nazi ideology and the birth of the modern environmental movement.
After the publication in May of Mr. Wohlleben's book, a surprise hit titled “The Hidden Life of Trees: What They Feel, How They Communicate — Discoveries From a Secret World,” the German forest is back in the spotlight. Since it first topped best-seller lists last year, Mr. Wohlleben has been spending more time on the media trail and less on the forest variety, making the case for a popular reimagination of trees, which, he says, contemporary society tends to look at as “organic robots” designed to produce oxygen and wood.
What perhaps most rankles restaurateurs is the reservation fee: $1 per patron. All in, OpenTable receives an average of $635 a month from each of its client restaurants, the company says.
Photo
OpenTable is in about one-third of restaurants in the United States that accept reservations. When I spoke with Mr. Pastore last month, he said he was concerned that OpenTable was “becoming a Ticketmaster, a tollbooth to the nation's restaurant tables.”
That would not be good. What retail customer has dealt with Ticketmaster and exclaimed afterward, “What a great value for such a modest fee!”
(A Ticketmaster spokeswoman declined to discuss her company's fee structure.)
Jeffrey D. Jordan, OpenTable's chief executive, bridles at the suggestion that his company resembles the ticketing company. “Ticketmaster raised its fees relentlessly,” he said. “We've lowered ours.” OpenTable's basic reservation charge of $1 has been in place since its start, in 1998. Another fee, for reservations placed through OpenTable that originate on clients' Web sites, has been reduced to 25 cents from $1.
If OpenTable were shaking down its restaurant clients in the back, out of view of the patrons, then we would expect competitors to appear and offer a similar service at a much lower cost.
A challenger has indeed appeared: Urbanspoon recently introduced RezBook, a reservation and table management system that restaurants use on iPads.
But RezBook is not less expensive across the board. It imposes no setup costs and charges a flat monthly systems fee per restaurant, not per iPad. But it uses the same basic pricing model for reservations as OpenTable: $1 per diner, at least for reservations that originate on Urbanspoon's own Web site or on those of affiliates owned by Urbanspoon's parent, IAC/InterActiveCorp.
Photo
Urbanspoon has an enviable base of restaurant-hunting users: Its restaurant finding application, which runs on iPhone, iPad and Android, is used by 10 million unique users each month, says the company. But it needs lots of restaurants in a given market to adopt RezBook before it will be seen by many as the place for making reservations.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Daniel Patterson uses OpenTable at Coi, a restaurant he owns in San Francisco, and RezBook at Plum, his newer restaurant in Oakland. He regards OpenTable's fees as excessive. “It's just not where I want to spend the money,” Mr. Patterson said. His opinion is of particular interest because Coi is a two-Michelin-star restaurant where diners spend $150 to $160 a person. Mr. Patterson says the $8,000 that he spends annually on OpenTable is “a big chunk of what we make.”
For now, the cost of RezBook is much less than OpenTable, but he says this is because few of the reservations come through RezBook's fee-charging system. “If RezBook becomes as popular and well-known as OpenTable,” he says, “then we would run into the same problem.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Coi is a busy establishment, so Mr. Patterson does not look to OpenTable to bring in customers. He is concerned only with making the customer's experience as enjoyable as possible. “Customers can tell the attention to food and to service — that's palpable,” he says. “But the way you make a reservation?” He doubts that is a selling point.
But it may be. The convenience of seeing great restaurant choices in one place, with table availability organized by time, is palpable, too.
Mr. Jordan of OpenTable says, “It is very difficult to scientifically determine what is an ‘incremental customer,' ” that is, one who would not have come without OpenTable's convenience. But he says his customers are fond of making reservations when restaurants are closed: One-third of OpenTable's reservations are made between 10 p.m. and 10 a.m.
FOR consumers, convenience, not market valuations, is what matters. The weekend is approaching, the sitter is lined up, the movie time is decided upon, and there will be just a narrow window for dinner. Draw a few of us that wouldn't have come otherwise, and we'll more than cover the cost of online reservation systems. All we ask is access to at the widest array of restaurants — with open tables.
November 13, 2016
It's time for us to step up straight white men! This campaign and this election have exposed many issues in our country and our world...issues that have been there for a very long time, and although we've made progress on them through the years, it's time for real change and we're a big part of that.
Being a straight white man, although it comes with an enormous amount of privilege - some of which we're aware of and much we simply take for granted, can be challenging and painful in certain ways that we rarely talk about. I have spent much of my life feeling (or avoiding) the shame of what white men have done (and are still doing) to women, people of color, members of the LGBTQ community, and those less privileged.
We often don't like to acknowledge this because it feels awful, there doesn't seem to be much we can do about it, and it's an incredibly painful and powerless experience. It's also scary, uncomfortable, and vulnerable to talk about racism, sexism, homophobia, and oppression of any kind - especially as a straight white man. We usually aren't as aware of it as those who are directly impacted and even when we are, we worry that we shouldn't talk about these things because we may hurt, upset, or offend people...or be judged, misunderstood, shamed, or attacked...called a racist, sexist, or homophobe ourselves. So, we choose to stay oblivious, to avoid it, or just sit on our hands, which is safer and easier.
Many of us have dealt with our own challenges and obstacles in life - just because we're white, straight, and male, doesn't mean we were born with a silver spoon in our mouth, haven't worked hard, don't deal with our own issues, or don't deserve any of the success or opportunity we may have experienced. And, yes, some of us have dealt with various forms of “reverse racism” or “reverse sexism” both personally and professionally. We also like to point to the fact that much progress has been made for women, people of color, and other minorities in our culture, which is true. Or we see, hear, and read about horrible acts of hate or abuse and say to ourselves (or others), “I would never do that...I'm one of the good guys.”
However, it's important for us to both acknowledge the privilege and power we have as straight white men and also the responsibility. The vast majority of us are not abusing women, sexually assaulting them, treating them as objects, or consciously trying to hold them back. We're also not overtly racist or homophobic - treating people of color or gay people in rude, cruel, and oppressive ways.
Yet, these things continue to exist in our culture all over the place - and there is so much pain, suffering, fear, and trauma associated with this for so many people in our world right now. Women are being abused, assaulted, and raped all the time - right in our communities and on college campuses. Plus, just about every woman we know has been impacted directly by sexism and even sexual assault - just ask them, as awkward as that may be to bring up. Every person of color and gay person we know has dealt with racism or homophobia in their lives - in many cases in a traumatic way. Unarmed black men are dying in the streets. Muslims are being targeted and taunted. Kids are being bullied in school for being “different.” Hatred, cruelty, and oppression are taking place in both big and small ways - even if we don't see it in our own lives or families regularly.
We just experienced a Presidential campaign and election that was filled with overt and covert racism, sexism, and hatred. I choose to believe that the vast majority of the people who voted for Donald Trump are not racist, sexist, and homophobic. However, his campaign, his rhetoric, and his election have given a sense of permission and “normalcy” to hatred, fear, and discrimination of minorities, immigrants, women, and other groups...and that is NOT okay.
As good, strong, kind, loving, compassionate, and powerful men who love our country, our significant others, our friends, and our children, we have an important role to play in this...even if we may not always see it or feel comfortable with it.
Every straight white man I know has been in situations where other straight white men around us were being overtly or covertly racist, sexist, or homophobic. While we may not have participated in it directly (although in some cases we have, especially when we were young and less conscious), we have often not done or said anything to stop it...or to at least make it clear that it's not okay. We can no longer do this!
For better or worse, people listen to us in a particular way given our race, gender, and orientation. It may not be fair or justified (both positively and negatively), but it's true. And even though it can be scary and uncomfortable, and some people might judge us, think we're arrogant, insensitive, self-righteous, soft, over-sensitive, too PC, or worse, it's time for us to step up, lean in, speak up, and do more to support the women and girls around us, and our brothers and sisters of color, everyone in the LGBTQ community, Muslims, immigrants, and any oppressed or under-represented group in our culture...i.e. everyone who is not white, not straight, and not male.
We also need to pay more attention, look, listen, and feel with as much awareness, compassion, and empathy as we can. We have to call out racism, sexism, and oppression when we see it - both personally and also in our organizations, institutions, and our society at large. This is not easy or comfortable, and isn't usually encouraged or appreciated by those we may be calling out...but it's essential. Sometimes we're in a better, safer, and stronger position to call this out than the individuals or groups who are being discriminated against themselves.
This isn't about liberal or conservative, Clinton supporter or Trump supporter, or even about our nation...it's actually bigger than that...it's about loving, caring for, and supporting our fellow human beings. We are brothers, sons, fathers, grandfathers, uncles, cousins, coaches, mentors, friends, and more. We are men...and at the core of our nature, we are here to provide and protect...that is our job and our responsibility, above and beyond whatever we do for a living.
And, as straight white men, we are in a unique and important position of privilege and power. We can influence change...we can stand up for kindness and compassion...and for those who need us to stand up with them or for them. We must! This moment in our history calls for our courage and strength...it's not “someone else's problem.” We're all in this together...
With Love, Passion, and Courage,
Mike Robbins
Opening Thoughts
Okay, first of all, massive apologies for the delay! Adulting is truly a nuisance to my fangirling endeavors lol But it's been a day, and now that my brain has stopped short-circuiting from the whirlwind of surreal over-excitement, here's my attempt to articulate a recap of last night's LWT taping! (Also, this recap is literally 2875 words long, hence splitting it up into two parts…apologies for the essay!)
Just in general, the entire evening was ridiculously surreal. And amazing. Those are the two words I keep coming back to. My face literally hurt from smiling and laughing once the taping finished, and I still haven't quite gotten past the “holy fucking shit, I was sitting maybe ten feet away from John Oliver last night” feeling. A whole lot of “what the what?!” has been going on here.
So, I took my friend who is a comedian/comedy nerd/also loves JO to the taping, because I knew he'd appreciate it more than anyone else I know in real life. So, it was super fun sharing the experience with him. He loved it. Also, I was feeling weirdly super anxious and shaky all day yesterday leading up to the taping – I've no idea why? But once John finally came out, it kind of centered everything, and I felt totally fine. John Oliver apparently has a very calming presence – which makes no sense considering lol but…I don't know, that was just sort of nice.
Studio Stuff
Okay, once you check in and go through security and all that boring logistical stuff, you sit in a room in the order in which everyone arrived (my friend and I were super early), and you just sort of chill with everyone in the audience on massive beige couches for like an hour. But the room was super cool! Well, actually, it was super bare and white. But there were poster-sized photos from the show's major moments all over the walls, which were fun to look at.
Now to the taping! (Because who cares about the above stuff? lol) So after waiting for a while, they finally bring you up to the actual studio to seat you, and I have to say – it was insane walking onto the set. It's actually pretty tiny, and the audience isn't far from John's desk at all. Also, I saw some random stuff from previous episodes that were kind of chilling behind where the audience sits, like the Crazy Johnny's Used Cars sign.
So, finally we were seated…in the front. Like, fucking FRONT ROW CENTER. *!!!!!* I genuinely could not believe our luck. We were right behind where the main monitors are (so right in front of the LWT desk), but up on a platform, and I was initially excited, but then super nervous that they'd be in the way. But it was totally fine, and I was literally sitting right in front of John. Holy fucking fuck. Also, the stage manager was actually in front of me, as well, so it was fun to see him interact with John and give him his cues and everything (I'm a massive BTS nerd lol).
Pre-Taping Shit
The warm-up guy (I sadly cannot remember his name) was hilarious and great and got everyone super psyched (not that we needed help, but it was fun), and he ended his bit with a t-shirt canon. A fucking t-shirt canon. I could not stop laughing, because OF COURSE that's a thing that would happen at John Oliver's show. Why wouldn't it? lol I didn't get a t-shirt (too shy/socially awkward to try), but it was super fun watching the excitement.
Q&A Awesomeness
THEN JOHN FINALLY CAME OUT. He was SO fucking funny and on and open and self-deprecating, which aw – I wish he'd realize how amazing he is – during the Q&A. It was so great.
His entrance was everything. They played “Thriller” when he came out and, as he explained right afterward, they usually play something else, so it kind of threw him off lol He couldn't remember what the “Thriller” dance was, so he started doing the “Soulja Boy” dance – naturally. I'm assuming at this point that it was on reflex because he seems to do it all the time haha But then his brain kind of kicked in and caught up with the song and he did what he described as the “paws move” fro “Thriiller” – it was so fucking cute and hilarious, I was dying. And everyone basically lost their minds. We literally gave him a standing O – like, for a long time – to which he basically waved us off, like “oh my god, this is ridiculous and genuinely too much, please stop.”
Shallow side note: he looked GOOD. Like, SO FUCKING GOOD. That suit?! The blue shirt?! The tie?! Good LORD, sir. Also, how dare you?
So, basically during the Q&A my brain was losing it because he was LITERALLY right in front of me. But bits have been coming back to me more and more, so I'll try to be as detailed as possible! Also, the quotes below are not word for word, but rather my best estimation of what he said (and I think they're really close).
Once we finally sat down, he apologized because they were running a bit late due to last minute rewrites, to which we all laughed – he turned to us and laughed a bit as well, but then turned serious, like, “no, but really though…that's what we were literally just doing.” loll
Someone asked him whether the idea for LWT came before or after his summer hosting stint on TDS. He immediately laughed and said, “Oh, for HBO, it was VERY much after the fact. Before that, they probably would have said, ‘oh, John Oliver from TDS….who the fuck is he? Also, who fucking cares?' This show, in a very real sense, would never have happened if Jon hadn't decided to make a film that summer.” It was hilarious, but also like aw! He was deeply self-deprecating during some of the questions, like even for him. It was kind of sweet though, because the stage manager kept shaking his head like, “dude, you're fucking amazing at this? And also in general? Please stop.” Then he talked a bit more about how he and Tim Carvell thought it'd be fun to do something together and talked about it and then it became real and then it all just sort of came together in the end. But he was very adamant that it'd never have happened if he hadn't hosted TDS.
He was also asked what it was like to work with JS – to which he, of course, went on a massive spiel about how much he loves Jon lol It was honestly ridiculously cute; he was really very sweet about it. He said, “it was the best, it was amazing. I learned everything from him, and am I doing this now, because he taught me how to do everything. He literally brought me to America. I was working in England before that; I'd never been to America, and never would have come here if he hadn't hired me, and I've barely been home since.” And then, I think to kill the sincerity, he was like, “I mean, am I okay with living in Jon Stewart's shadow?“ and sighed while hanging his head melodramatically. Everyone was like AWW lol
I think it was next when someone asked him if JS ever did a spit take in his face, to which he was adorably self-assured, then confused, then slightly suspicious, then self-deprecating. He said "Yes, sure! Of course. Well, I think so, probably? …Why?” lol And the person mentioned the bit JS and SC had done over the summer before the RNC. And John was like, “well, sure, but Colbert is special,” and then he sighed again and feigned a deep sadness, and did that thing where he bends down to rest his elbows on his knees and then reaches for the floor like he's about to lie down lol It was amazing.
Then he went off on this super random but absolutely incredible tangent! Oh god, it was great. Basically, the same people who designed the LWT set also did the one for SC's show. And so SC was visiting LWT one day, and later that day after he'd left, John went to his desk on the set, and saw that there was a note from SC saying “Look what I did” with an arrow pointing to the place where he carved his initials – S.T.C. – into his desk! John walked over to the desk just to point it out to us lol (if he's sitting at the desk, it's on the leg of the desk to his right). John's whole demeanor about this incident was essentially, “CAN. YOU. BELIEVE.” Omgsh, and amazingly – after the Q&A, when he went to sit at the desk to get ready for the actual taping, the stage manager said something to him and pointed to the desk to John's left. John looked over and – I kid you not – he noticed for the first time that Sam Bee had done the exact same thing! She had carved in “Sam Bee was here.” I mean, can you actually believe these amazing dummies?! I love them so fucking much lol John was like, “WHAT THE FUCK?!?! DO YOU SEE THIS?!” about it lol Bless.
(I'll post part 2 in the morning probably, because it's nearing 3 am here lol Also, sorry again about the length - I wanted to try to share everything I could think of!)
I recently ran out of ports on my HP V1910-24G switch, so I purchased a Cisco SG300-52 switch to add capacity, try something new, and test the waters on a multi-vendor lab build out. After a half day of fiddling with the equipment, I've got it all installed and in production. Additionally, I took the time to swap out a white box running Untangle 10 and inserted my Meraki MX60W into the mix as the primary, production security appliance. This post will detail the steps to get a new switch added to the stack and migrate in a new security appliance.
On a side note, my white box for to Untangle will be 10 years old in a few months and runs on an Atom CPU – I'm quite amazed it has held up this long and performed so well. 🙂
Network Configuration
I waffled a bit on how to connect the two switches. Normally I'd shoot for L3 to avoid any spanning tree goofiness, but that invited all sorts of caveats that are unique to a home lab (such as the broadcast domain for my Plex virtual machine). I ultimately created a simple design for a L2 trunk to connect the switches together, thus extending VLANs into the Cisco switch and keeping L3 SVIs on the HP. This design had the least impact on current state.
To do this, I mapped out 4 ports that would be used as a port channel between the switches. I used my whiteboard, especially important as the numbering schemes between the two vendors do not match. HP numbers from left to right, while Cisco numbers from top to bottom. This isn't a normal Cisco numbering scheme, but is reality for the SG300 line. Thus, HP ports 1-4 would connect to Cisco ports 1-2,25-26.
I tried to first use LACP, but the HP complained that the ports were not configured properly. So, I used a static “mode on” EtherChannel instead. In this particular use case, it's not a huge deal: I have a static number of VLANs and I don't see the trunk between the switches being modified with any frequency.
The SG300-52 is limited to 8 port channels, so I used Po8 on both the HP and Cisco for consistency.
Building a LAG on the Cisco SG300-52 is a little bit different from a Nexus switch. Make sure to define the member ports for the LAG first, then apply the VLAN details to the LAG. If you try applying VLAN details to the member ports, the LAG will not form because the “port belongs to a VLAN.”
Core2#sh run int po8 interface Port-channel8 flowcontrol auto description TO-HP-SWITCH switchport trunk allowed vlan add 10,20,30,40,50,60 ! Core2#sh run int ge1-2 interface gigabitethernet1 description TO-HP-SWITCH channel-group 8 modes on ! interface gigabitethernet2 description TO-HP-SWITCH channel-group 8 modes on 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 Core2 #sh run int po8 interface Port - channel8 flowcontrol auto description TO - HP - SWITCH switchport trunk allowed vlan add 10 , 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , 60 ! Core2 #sh run int ge1-2 interface gigabitethernet1 description TO - HP - SWITCH channel - group 8 modes on ! interface gigabitethernet2 description TO - HP - SWITCH channel - group 8 modes on
I also placed an IP on VLAN 20 to provide L3 management connectivity to the switch.
interface vlan 20 name Lab ip address 172.16.20.2 255.255.255.0 ! ip default-gateway 172.16.20.1 ip route 172.16.20.0 /24 172.16.20.1 1 2 3 4 5 6 interface vlan 20 name Lab ip address 172.16.20.2 255.255.255.0 ! ip default - gateway 172.16.20.1 ip route 172.16.20.0 / 24 172.16.20.1
Finally, I set the spanning tree priority to max to avoid becoming the root bridge.
spanning-tree priority 61440 1 spanning - tree priority 61440
At this point, I connected my trunk cables between the two switches and made sure that I could hit the SVI on the HP switch. I'm using 2 cables for now, but have more on order.
Port Mapping
I want most of the traffic to be local to a switch, with little traffic needing to use the switch-to-switch trunk. I separated out the network into two distinct zones: a top zone of management and home resources, and a bottom zone of lab resources.
As an added bonus, the Meraki is providing guest wireless access that is completely out of band from my internal networks. And I can throttle the bandwidth on it. 😉
ESXi Host Migration
Host network migration was rather simple because I have all networks dual connected. Once I made sure the Cisco ports were properly configured for the VLANs I needed, it was just a matter of walking one link over to the Cisco switch at a time. I'm a bit of label and color code freak, which made the migration incredibly simple. Blue are IP Storage connections, orange are general LAN connections. The labels are also lettered, which tells me which network port is being moved (A is the first port on the server, B is the second, and so on). The letters match the bus discovery order, too.
Looking for these ties? They are called Marker Cable Ties and are sold in 100 unit packs for cheap!
The switchport config looks like this:
Core2#sh run int ge5 interface gigabitethernet5 description ESX1 spanning-tree portfast switchport trunk allowed vlan add 10,20,30,40,50,60 ! 1 2 3 4 5 6 Core2 #sh run int ge5 interface gigabitethernet5 description ESX1 spanning - tree portfast switchport trunk allowed vlan add 10 , 20 , 30 , 40 , 50 , 60 !
I also cleaned up the management host connections on the HP switch by moving them over to the left. I kept a bank of 4 empty ports near ESXM1 because I plan to procure ESXM2 (a second management host) very soon.
With that completed, there really wasn't much left on the HP switch anymore.
I also kind of like the HP port status panel because the Cisco LEDs are a bit buried in cables. However, there would be no place to put a port status panel on the SG300-52 because the entire face is covered in switchports. 🙂
Security Appliance Replacement
The final order of business was swapping out an Untangle appliance for a Meraki MX60W, which I unboxed in this video. Since I have very few firewall and port forward rules configured, this wasn't all that bad. The first order of business was to define the VLANs and routes. Although the “use a single VLAN” method would work for a simple L3 network, I wanted to move my VLAN 15 for guest wireless up to the Meraki and get it off my network.
VLAN 99, my transit network, was configured to be identical to the Untangle configuration. Meaning the security appliance (Meraki) would be on 172.16.99.1 /29, while the HP SVI would be on 172.16.99.2 /29. I can have duplicate IPs for now because the Meraki is not yet inserted into the network. I also went and created static routes for my other networks to keep L3 switching on my HP, rather than trunking all of the networks directly into the Meraki.
As a reminder, the only reason I have a route to the NFS network is for the Synology NAS arrays, which are auto-grabbing DSM updates and syncing data to Amazon Glacier. Once the configuration was saved and validated, I unplugged the Untangle box and changed the cabling over to the Meraki. I went ahead and rebooted my cable modem to ensure that it recognized a new device and would assign it an IP address via DHCP.
After a successful round of ping tests to ensure that I had end-to-end connectivity back to my loving Interwebs, I manually re-created the few firewall and port forward rules needed for various services and tested them, too.
Thoughts
This was quite a fun brain puzzle, especially trying to move everything while it was running without accidentally breaking connectivity. My new network stack is much smaller. I've removed a little unmanaged switch that my workstation and IP phone were using and plugged those ports into my Linksys access point, which is discussed in this post. I've also pitched a small shuttle box that was running my Untangle appliance.
Here is the full network stack in all of its glory. Plenty more ports to go!
Because some equipment moved a little, I had to use temporary network cables. I'll definitely be picking up new ones with the correct length and color in the future. My workbench is covered in odd colors and lengths of cable, along with ties that are no longer required.
The conventional wisdom is that Marco Rubio is the moderate alternative to Ted Cruz and Donald Trump for the Republican presidential nomination.
But when it comes to LGBT equality, Rubio is as extreme as anyone. In less than three minutes on the Christian Broadcasting Network, the up-and-coming candidate said he would reverse President Obama's executive orders on LGBT nondiscrimination, appoint judges to roll back abortion and same-sex marriage, and expand religious exemptions to a wide range of laws.
Most surprisingly, Rubio told CBN that he would “reverse the executive orders the president has made” on LGBT nondiscrimination, which a large majority of Americans support.
While saying that, Rubio repeated the lie that schools have “been forced to, you know, provide girls access to a boys' bathroom and so forth.” This calumny, used to great effect in the recent debate over a civil-rights ordinance in Houston, is totally false.
What is true is that, in places where gender identity is protected by law, public institutions must allow transgender people to use gender-appropriate restrooms. Not “girls”—transgender men, who may have more facial hair than Rubio does, and who no one in their right mind would want to use a girls' restroom.
Wait a minute! Not only has Rubio misstated the law, there are no executive orders that require this at all. What Obama has ordered is that government contractors should not be allowed to discriminate when they're getting government money. That's not about bathrooms; it's about whether a business can fire gay and trans people for being gay or trans, while taking taxpayer money. So, Rubio's not even telling the right lie.
The way Rubio put it, “there are many government contractors and small companies who provide services to the government who are faith-based people, and they are, they are being compelled to sin by government in their business conduct.”
That's an interesting argument, first made by some Christians in the Bible. Jesus rejected it, saying they should “render unto Caesar what is Caesar's, and render unto God what is God's.” In other words, if you enter the marketplace—let alone do business with the government—you have to play by the same rules as everyone else. That's not a sin, that's what Jesus said to do.
Rubio also took a hard line on the issue of religious exemptions. In addition to exempting churches, religious organizations, and religiously affiliated organizations, Rubio said he would “ensure people in the private sector and the not-for-profit sector are being protected in living out their faith.”
Those are nice words, but in practice, they would mean significantly expanded special rights for anyone who believes they should be exempt from the law. We've already seen how this plays out: men accused of abusing their wives have said they shouldn't be prosecuted, because the Bible tells them so; doctors refused to treat the children of same-sex couples; pharmacists have refused to fill prescriptions. Plus, corporations have refused to provide health-care coverage for contraception to women, or any coverage at all to the legally married same-sex spouses of employees.
Indeed, in a case now before the Supreme Court, one religious organization has refused even to check “no” on the government form regarding health insurance. Even saying no, they say, is too much a burden on their religion.
Rubio would protect all of this. Not just the Kim Davises of the world who want to opt out of doing their government jobs. Not just Catholic Charities, which takes government money to do adoption services but then refuses to place children with gay parents. But anyone in the private sector who says that child-labor laws, domestic-violence laws, or nondiscrimination laws don't apply to them.
Third, Rubio confirmed that “one of the biggest things the next president is going to do is appoint justices to the Supreme Court.” In an Orwellian turn of phrase, Rubio used progressive rhetoric—“the Constitution is a living and breathing document”—to support a long-held conservative position, that “it's supposed to be interpreted and applied based on its original intent.”
In case that wasn't clear enough, Rubio spelled it out. “There is no way that you can read that Constitution and deduce from it that there is a constitutional right to an abortion, or a constitutional right to marry someone of the same sex…. So you need judges that understand how constitutionally flawed that those two kinds of rulings and others have been.” In other words, Rubio would appoint justices who would overrule Roe v. Wade and Obergefell v. Hodges, which struck down all bans on same-sex marriage. The supposedly sane candidate wants to void marriages; allow states to ban all abortions of any kind; and turn back the clock for women and gays.
Of course, if the Constitution really is a “living and breathing document,” then it's easy to deduce the rights which Rubio ridicules. The Constitution provides equal protection of the laws; that means that gay people, as well as straight people, have the right to marry. The Constitution also provides the right of due process, but when it comes to a woman's body, there is no due process that could justify controlling her uterus and forcing her to remain pregnant. These issues may not have been understood in 1868, but that's the point of having a “living and breathing document.” It didn't freeze to death 150 years ago.
Rubio's positions are no different from those of Ted Cruz, Mike Huckabee, and other candidates on the right—and that's precisely the point. While successfully positioning himself as the alternative to the far right, Rubio has adopted positions identical to it.
According to Foodbeast, which was lucky enough to find a store that is testing the delectable tacos, Taco Bell is currently rolling out the tacos in the Orange County area. And both varieties certainly seem to be worth a try.
The Flamas Doritos Locos Taco has a very serious flavor profile. The shell emirates with a spicy, citrusy crunch and acts as a fun prelude to the lettuce, meat and cheese ingredients that await inside the taco. The Cool Ranch Doritos Locos Taco shell is the one people will be talking about for weeks when it goes national. It utilizes the same subtle tones that don't hammer the flavors down your taste buds — the way the original nacho cheese version tasted. For fans of Cool Ranch Doritos, the taco doesn't disappoint.
Go check out the rest of the pictures here. I must have it now.
“
With every passing day, it sounds more and more as if the Dallas Cowboys will be unable to retain the services of Ronald Leary.
The offensive guard is set to hit free agency when the doors fly open on March 9, and he's officially champing at the bit. Signed as an undrafted free agent in 2012 by the Cowboys, his five-year NFL stint has gone up, down and then back up once more.
It's the latter that's spiked his stock and will likely make him too expensive for Dallas, and Leary knows other teams will come calling. He alluded to the obvious when he spoke with SiriusXM NFL Radio this week.
.@RonLeary75: Excited for free agency, been in Dallas for a while but excited to what's out there for me. — SiriusXM NFL Radio (@SiriusXMNFL) February 14, 2017
Cowboys FA G @RonLeary75: I love to compete. I want to go somewhere that suits me. I think I can play in any scheme. — SiriusXM NFL Radio (@SiriusXMNFL) February 14, 2017
"But."
A simple three-letter word that has a uncanny ability to stop hope dead in its tracks. It's not to say the veteran offensive guard doesn't appreciate the Cowboys for giving him a chance -- as he most certainly does. He simply sees the writing on both sides of the wall.
The Cowboys' season may be over, but they're not mailing it in. Don't miss any breaking offseason news, take a second to sign up for our FREE Cowboys messenger!
La'El Collins is returning in 2017 and will likely return to the starting spot, and the Cowboys aren't going to pay top dollar for a backup offensive lineman. Plus, Leary isn't too keen on conceding to that role, anyway. As evidenced by him very nearly holding out of last year's offseason program after the Cowboys refused to trade him away.
After seeing his starting position go to then rookie offensive guard La'El Collins in 2015, Leary was in danger of not returning to the club at all in 2016. The Cowboys opted instead to retain his services for insurance purposes, and it was the right call.
Collins was moved to injured reserve after Week 3 with a torn ligament in his toe, and Leary stepped in to have arguably his best year as a Cowboy.
And it once the season was over, he immediately started contemplating his future.
“I thought about it a lot after the game,” Leary said after the loss in the NFC Divisional Round, via ESPN. “I kind of stayed on the field a little bit because I've been here the last five years of my life. That's just as long as you're in college, so I've grown close to a lot of players here, a lot of staff. It's tough to think about, because you don't know the future when you hit the market like that.
"It's tough, but it's part of the game.”
It's never easy when it's time to make a business decision about those you see as family, but the NFL is just that: a business.
Offensive lineman Brian Winters has already signed to a four-year, $29-million dollar extension with the New York Jets, which pretty much sets the market for now. This definitely works in Leary's favor, especially considering he had more starts this year than did Winters.
It's not impossible to imagine Leary and the Cowboys working out a deal, but it'd likely mean he accepts less money as well as a backup role to a returning Collins in 2017.
To prepare for the possible departure, Dallas signed guard Jonathan Cooper late in the year. The team was thoroughly impressed with Cooper, who is also a free agent this offseason. Jerry Jones and Co. are hoping to retain at least one of the two to tandem with Collins but, should it not be Leary, the veteran will harbor no ill-will.
Much to the mantra of head coach Jason Garrett, though, Leary is simply focused on today.
“I'm going to have to sit down with my agent and everybody with my team," he said. "Put everything right there in front of me and try to go from there."
About
Click for a full gallery!
This project is devoted to delivering high quality fine art prints inspired by the television series Breaking Bad. I am a professional artist with more than a decade of fine arts training, and I'm also a huge fan of the show. I have created a series of five charcoal illustrations that will make awesome prints. Take a look!
Jesse Confronts Gale, click for full sized.
This first drawing depicts one of the most dramatic moments of the entire series. Jesse struggles with the decision to pull the trigger as he stares into Gale's face. I loved this scene, and I think this drawing really captured the gravity of the decision that Jesse had to make.
Walter and Jesse, click for full size.
The second illustration in the series is from a promo shot of Walt and Jesse together. I loved the tortured, manipulative relationship that Walt has with Jesse, and wanted a drawing of the two together.
Gustavo Fring's Last Stand, click for full sized.
The third drawing in the series depicts one of the most iconic single frames from the show. Gus' double life finally comes to an end in brutal fashion. I used gouache for the exposed portion of Gus' face. I really like how this piece turned out.
Mike and his Shovel, click for full sized.
This illustration features Mike, one of my favorite characters in the show. His ability to remain calm through outrageous circumstances is amazing. That stoic, sentinel-like expression on his face never seems to leave. In this illustration I used walnut ink to capture the wind-swept desert outside of Albuquerque.
Crawl Space, click for full sized.
This is probably my favorite scene. Walt's complete breakdown in the crawl space when he realizes that his wife has used his money to bail out Ted is incredible. I tried to capture the intensity of emotion present in the scene with this illustration.
Now that you've seen my art, here's a little about myself. I am a professional artist living and working in Philadelphia. I have more than a decade of fine arts training, including a certificate in painting from the Pennsylvania Academy of Fine Art and a BFA from the University of Pennsylvania. My art is often focused on the subtle expressions of the human form. Most of my body of work is representational, while experimenting with different application techniques and textures.
When I'm not making art I'm watching Breaking Bad. Or making art inspired by Breaking Bad. The show has so many amazing moments, such captivating characters, and the best cinematography on television. For these reasons I love using the show as a subject for my art, and I can't wait to share these pieces with a larger audience. In order to do so I'm going to do need some help, as fine art prints do not come cheap!
Recreating the texture and subtly of a charcoal drawing in print is difficult even for experienced print-makers. I knew that I would need a print shop that understood these challenges, and would be able to adapt to my medium in order to create prints of the highest quality. For this reason I spoke with nearly a dozen local print shops in order to compare printing methods, materials, surfaces, and costs. I had runs of test prints produced, and I was most impressed with the work of Stockbridge Studios, a local print shop here in Philadelphia.
Stockbridge offers a seriously impressive selection of papers, is capable of processing the volume of prints we are working with, and was able to produce test prints of exceptional quality. This level of attention to detail and quality does not come cheap. The prices they quoted are below:
Size:16x20, Quantity: 250, Price per print: $10.32, Total: 2580.00
Size:16x20, Quantity: 500, Price per print: $9.82, Total: 4910.00
Size:18x24, Quantity: 250, Price per Print: $12.78, Total: 3195.00
Size:18x24, Quantity: 500, Price per Print: $12.28, Total: 6140.00
This is after a discount of nearly 70% for the volume of prints I'm looking to have produced. Factoring in the cost of having professional quality scans made of each image, shipping and packaging costs, and Kickstarter/Amazon Payment fees (10%), as well as the cost of the prints themselves, I arrived at the figure of $5500 as a reasonable goal to have the smallest run of prints done at 16x20. Ideally I would love to be able to produce 18x24 prints at the higher volume. If this project receives funding beyond the $5500 goal I would be able to make that a reality.
If the project raises:
• $6500 we would be able to produce a run of 250 prints at 18x24.
• $7500 we would be able to produce a run of 500 prints at 16x20.
• $10,000 we would be able to produce a run of 500 prints at 18x24.
Now for the fun stuff! If you're willing to be awesome enough to help get this project off the ground, you deserve some seriously awesome rewards. Everyone that donates at least ten bucks to the project will get something cool to thank them for their contribution. Without further ado, here comes the swag!
Postcards!
Digital proof of the postcard layout.
High quality 4x6 postcards, 14 pt. Glossy cardstock.
Choose from one of two designs for a sweet postcard! We will be producing postcard versions of the first two pieces (Jesse confronts Gale, Jesse and Walt together). These high quality postcards are an excellent surprise for a friend that's a fan of the show, or simply as a collector's item for diehard fans. Chip in ten bucks and I'll send you out your choice of postcard as a thank you for contributing to the project!
Prints!
Test print produced by Stockbridge Studio.
Excellent quality, 16x20 fine art prints, Brilliant supreme matte.
This is what the project is all about! The test print above was produced using a photograph from a cheap digital camera. When properly scanned the prints will be even more striking, retaining nearly all original detail. These prints are professionally produced by an experienced local printmaker, and ready to be proudly displayed. They even look great framed, though that certainly isn't necessary for them to make an awesome addition to any wall. For only $45 you can be the proud owner of your choice of prints, shipped anywhere in the U.S. Throw in an extra five bucks and I'll get it to you anywhere in the world!
Artist Mockups!
These mockups are the initial sketches I make when planning a piece. These help me with arranging the composition and tonal balance of the final drawing. If you want an original piece of the creative process, this is an awesome and affordable way to do it! Torn straight from the pages of my sketchbook, these 6x9 sketches would look great framed and proudly displayed. I will sign each of these mockups and include a personal message thanking you for your support. Anyone donating at this tier will also receive a postcard, and a choice of one of the five prints.
Original Pieces of Art!
Nothing beats owning the real thing! These handcrafted, meticulously detailed original pieces of art are 18x24 and ready to be framed. Each piece represents between 8-12 hours of work over a number of days, as well as many hours of planning and preparation. Owning one of these five original pieces of art is an awesome way to show your devotion to one of the best shows on TV. Anyone that donates at this tier will also receive a postcard, and their choice of print!
Commissioned Art!
So you want something different altogether! Maybe a different moment from the show? Or something original? You name it, I draw it! Quality is guaranteed to be of the same level as the other pieces in this series of illustrations. I'm also willing to be flexible about the medium if you're looking for something different. I will work closely with you to make sure that you receive exactly what you're looking for, and that it's absolutely awesome! Anyone that donates at this tier will also receive a postcard, and their choice of print from the series.
Frequently Asked Questions
Do I get to choose which print I want? Of course! In case of sellouts we will ask you to rank the prints from 1-5, with 1 being your first choice. Priority will be given to those who order multiple prints. I hope we will be able to do a run of prints large enough that we can accommodate demand for each piece. If one print ends up being significantly more popular than the others, I will look into adjusting the ratio of prints ordered, or doing an additional run of more prints for that specific piece.
When can I expect my print in the mail? Of course! In case of sellouts we will ask you to rank the prints from 1-5, with 1 being your first choice. Priority will be given to those who order multiple prints. I hope we will be able to do a run of prints large enough that we can accommodate demand for each piece. If one print ends up being significantly more popular than the others, I will look into adjusting the ratio of prints ordered, or doing an additional run of more prints for that specific piece. I will do my very best to have all prints shipped in a timely manner. Once the printing process is complete, I will immediately begin processing orders and shipping them. A modest estimate places shipping dates in first half of November. Priority will be given to orders with multiple prints.
What do you have planned for the future? I would love to continue doing projects like this in the future if the interest is there. Art is something I do as part of both my personal and professional life, so it's very likely that I will continue making art inspired by the things I enjoy. I will be sure to keep everyone updated on future projects through my website (
Can you please draw (insert awesome suggestion) next? I would love to continue doing projects like this in the future if the interest is there. Art is something I do as part of both my personal and professional life, so it's very likely that I will continue making art inspired by the things I enjoy. I will be sure to keep everyone updated on future projects through my website ( cstewartart.blogspot.com ) and via Twitter (@cstewartart).
Nine axe-wielding assailants have been shot dead during an attack on a police station in China's volatile western Xinjiang province, state media say.
Xinhua news agency reports that two auxiliary police officers died in Saturday's clashes in Bachu county's Serikbuya, near the city of Kashgar.
Another two policemen were injured. Xinhua provided no further details.
Xinjiang - where Muslim Uighurs make up a large part of the population - has seen several clashes this year.
Last month, five people died when a car ploughed into a crowd in Beijing's Tiananmen Square - an attack the authorities blamed on the separatist East Turkestan Islamic Movement (ETIM).
China often blames the ETIM for incidents in Xinjiang. But the BBC correspondent in Beijing says few believe that the group has any capacity to carry out any serious acts of terror in China.
Uighur groups claim China uses ETIM as an excuse to justify repressive security in Xinjiang.
There are nine million Uighurs living in the province, but they are now a minority in the region, which is now dominated politically and economically by Han Chinese.
There were violent clashes in Xinjiang in April, June and August this year.
Wal-Mart released a statement Friday mocking the low turnout for this week's staged walkouts by members of OUR Wal-Mart, an affiliate of the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union (UFCW).
Protests and walkouts were held in 15 cities Thursday, with three protesters arrested in New York City on trespassing and disorderly conduct charges while trying to deliver a petition to a Wal-Mart board member, according to Berlin Rosen, the public relations firm representing the protesters.
“Once again, it looks like the UFCW threw a party and nobody showed up. Despite promises of ‘thousands of workers' protesting this week, the union failed to deliver more than a smattering of paid protesters at their 15 orchestrated events. At most, 50 of the participants actually work for Wal-Mart, put another way, that's less than one-tenth of one percent of our 1.3 million associates,” Wal-Mart vice president of corporate communications David Tovar said in a statement.
“You see so few current associates participating because they understand the unparalleled opportunity Wal-Mart provides. For example, 75 percent of our store management teams started as hourly associates, we have more than 300,000 associates who have been with the company for 10 years or more and every year we promote 160,000 associates to jobs with higher pay and more responsibility,” Tovar said.
“The UFCW is quickly becoming the boy who cried wolf. They put out news releases with big promises, but fail to deliver on those promises. It was proven again this week that the OUR Wal-Mart group doesn't speak for the vast majority of Wal-Mart associates,” Tovar said.
Follow Patrick on Twitter
Many people's first experience with a driverless car is as a bystander. So part of our mission is transparency: making sure our vehicles can communicate intention to pedestrians. A roof-mounted LED, a screen on the grille, or projecting laser onto the ground would allow that communication through words or even emoji. You can tell people when the car is in self-driving mode by using a blue light. Even people who are colorblind can see blue.
On the inside, we use artificial intelligence that allows the car to be powered by deep learning. We wanted to bypass the need to hard-code detection of specific features—such as lane markings, guardrails, bicyclists—and avoid creating a near-infinite number of “if, then, else” statements. That's too impractical to code when trying to account for the randomness that occurs on the road. This sort of “deep driving” can identify objects and intent, and can process piles of data. We're using it for everything from building maps to identifying objects to combining the input from sensors. Deep learning is also used to offer a smoother ride by learning from examples. This eliminates jerkiness for a more natural feel.
And then there's the roughly two hours of commute time you gain back each day from your car driving itself. We think this will trigger the next big app boom. Thinking of the car as a computer platform, it will become your third living space. It's not just about getting from point A to point B. It'll be like you're sitting inside your cellphone.
This article was originally published in the January/February 2017 issue of Popular Science, under the title “Computer on Wheels.”
Jonesing for some Quantico spoilers? So is series star Priyanka Chopra… and her mom.
“People ask me for them all the time, but I have a great answer… I don't know myself,” the international movie, music — and now TV — star tells Yahoo TV about her FBI/terrorist plot-themed ABC drama series. “I've insisted the writers don't tell me anything more than [my character] knows, because it's through Alex's eyes that the audience unravels everything. I think for me, it works really well that I don't know what's happening, and I find out as every episode goes along.”
Chopra's mom, Madhu, is another story.
“She's like, ‘I need to binge watch the show. I hate it every time an episode ends. I want to know what's happening!' She gets so annoyed. She's someone who loves her crime fix at night… she's a CSI fan,” Chopra says. “So she's always trying to get spoilers out of the writers whenever she's on set. She's like, ‘Just tell me one thing. Just tell me one more thing!'”
Related: The 26 Best TV Episodes of 2015
Hopefully Mama Chopra has a good supply of storyline hints to tide her over for the next few months, because after the Dec. 13 midseason finale, Quantico doesn't return to the ABC lineup with new episodes until March. Sunday's “Inside” promises to be a satisfying watch — the identity of the Grand Central terrorists is revealed — and will leave viewers with a heap of cliffhangers.
View photos
“There's a lot that happens in [episode] 11. I think it's a very befitting midseason finale, for sure, for when it's going to air, for all that's going to happen,” Chopra says. “We're just starting to shoot 12. Even I am psyched about where this show is going. It's going to be a shocker… There's so much. And it's Quantico, so, of course, there will be twists. I consider myself a really smart TV watcher. When I watch TV, I'm like, ‘Oh, that's what's going to happen.' I always can predict it, but I can't do it with this show. That's what I love about it.”
Chopra, who received a Favorite Actress in a New TV Series People's Choice Award nomination for her performance as FBI trainee Alex Parrish, is grateful, but not surprised by Quantico's success… she read a lot — dozens — of scripts before landing on the thriller as her entrée into American TV land.
View photos
Chopra on Quantico's popularity and why, specifically, she chose the drama for her first starring TV role in America:
“Thank God I made the right choice. I read 26 of the scripts that ABC was making this year. [ABC Executive Vice President of Talent & Casting] Keli Lee flew to India. I met her randomly at a party, at a dinner of a common friend. We ended up chatting. She talked about her work, I talked about my work, and then I left… then she met my manager, and I think they came up with the idea of trying to convince me to do TV, which is something I wasn't very open to at that point. I'm a features girl. TV is such a long commitment, and I didn't know how I felt about it. But Keli flew to India, and hung out with me one day and talked to me about doing a holding deal. The fact that I only had to do a show if I really, really loved it… I was intrigued, I have to say. I came to L.A. for pilot season, and spent a month there, reading and meeting people, writers and directors, reading the scripts ABC was making. Like a good, diligent student, I read all of them. I know every script that ABC has made this year. I picked two or three that were my favorites, and ABC's choice for me was Quantico and it was also my top choice. It was just a great read for me. I loved reading it.
Britannia has a whole host of dining options…
When it comes to cruising, there is so much discover and experience, from new countries, cities and activities to a whole new array of culinary delights
We recently headed on board P&O Cruises ship Britannia to experience cruising for a younger generation (you can read our article on this here) and whilst on board tried the extensive range of dining options. Here's a summary of what to expect..
See: Why cruising is not just for an older generation
If you're looking for…
Inclusive dining…
Meridian, Peninsular & Oriental
The inclusive options on board Britannia include the Meridian restaurant, Peninsular and Oriental. They are all included in the price of your cruise and offer a wide range of delicious meals. All three are similar in their offerings, with a range of brasserie-style dishes. Menus change daily and there is a wide range of different dishes to suit all tastes. (The steak in particular, is delicious.)
Afternoon Tea
Britannia (being quintessentially British), also offers an afternoon tea with your inclusive dining which is served daily in the main restaurants. It includes a selection of sandwiches, cakes and fat scones topped with a generous portion of clotted cream and jam alongside a pot of tea or coffee. It's a delicious way to spend an afternoon and great to book in for one of your sea days.
If you are looking for a real afternoon tea treat however, we would recommend you head to the Epicurean for their Eric Lanlard tea. It costs extra but really is phenomenal!
For a more casual dining experience…
For a more casual dining experience you can head to Horizon (the buffet restaurant), the Lido grill, grab & go, or order room service direct to your cabin (a real treat!)
Horizon
As well as offering breakfast, lunch and dinner buffets each night, Horizon is also the place to head for a free cup of tea or coffee. The food is varied with a different theme each night and a bonus is that if you are heading out early you can go and serve yourself without having to wait for a table service.
The Lido Grill
The Lido Grill is based next to the pool and is a must for sea-days as lunch or an afternoon snack. Food varies, but can include pizza, burgers, hot dogs and chips and you can help yourself throughout the day.
Room service
Room service is a real highlight of casual dining, the novelty being that it is included within the price of your cruise. If you're heading off on an early excursion you can fill in a form to order breakfast delivered to your room for any specified time and if you get back late or just fancy eating in, there's a range of delicious hot items too. Drinks are priced extra, but it's great to be able to sit and relax in the comfort of your own room with your favourite food and drinks and watch the world go by.
For coffee, a snack, or the best ice cream you'll ever eat…
Cruising can be hungry business and if you are looking to make a pit stop before heading back out, or somewhere to refuel after an excursion, Britannia has a range of different cafes and bars to enjoy. Here are some of our favourites.
Costa Coffee
Costa Coffee overlooks the Atrium and we were surprised to find the coffee tasted even better on board than the one at home (it also helps if you've spent the day under the Caribbean sunshine!)
The Crow's Nest
If you are on the lookout for a cup of tea with a really great view, the Crow's nest is the place to go. Because it looks out of the front of the ship, it is especially beautiful to relax and watch the sun go down or to watch the island's appearing and disappearing as you enter and leave ports.
The Market Cafe
The Market Cafe, situated on the ground floor of the Atrium serves the most delicious cakes and sweet treats crafted by Eric Lanlard as well as the best ice creams on board. Flavours include sticky toffee pudding, apple crumble and chocolate fudge cake and are so sumptuously delicious (and exciting) we kept returning just to sample them all!
For something extra special…
When on board, sometimes you just want to go all-out and treat yourselves and this is where the speciality restaurants come in. There is an extra cost for this, but the price depends on which one you choose and can start at just a couple of pounds supplement per dish. Whilst there is an extra cost, the quality, choice and ambience really separates these dining areas from the inclusive ones and you can feel the difference as soon as you enter. Whilst you needn't do a speciality every night (unless you want to try them all) we would definitely recommend you try at least a couple during your trip.
The Epicurean
The Epicurean is an ideal choice for a romantic dinner for two. The decor exudes class and elegance, fine music plays and the food is taken to a whole new level. The menu combines classic British dishes re-interpreted for today's modern palates, with a range of gastronomic delights such as ham hock, butter-poached lobster and salt-marsh lamb rack. Service here is exemplary and whilst it is priced at £28 it offers the experience of a top London restaurant without the hefty price tag – it is worth every penny.
The Glass House
The Glass House is a regular on P&O's ships, although it is larger on Britannia than some of the others. It has a few different rooms, including the dining room, bar area and a tasting room where regular wine tasting experiences take place. The menu offers a range of tapas dishes (priced at £5.25 for three) and a number of different mains such as steak or the catch of the day. With over 40 different wines, it is worth speaking to the sommelier to select you the perfect wine to accompany your meal – it makes it that extra bit special and they really do know their stuff.
Sindhu
Sindhu is the ships Indian restaurant and offers an authentic Indian experience with a twist. The decor is enchanting, with rich spicy colours making it warm, welcoming and relaxing. The menu itself offers a wide range of dishes specially crafted by Michelin-star chef Atul Kochhar, showcasing his talent for adding a contemporary finish to authentic Indian dishes. The result is succulent chicken with tender spices, vegetable dishes teeming with a myriad of flavours and presentation that almost makes it too good to eat. A good option for a black tie night.
For something a little bit different…
Holidays are all about trying something new, so why not sample one of Britannia's alternative dining experiences?
The Cookery Club
The Cookery Club was one of the real highlights of our trip and it offers two different types of dining. You can attend a class during the day and be guided by expert chefs on how to create your own dishes, or you can attend a hosted dinner in the evening. This is a unique dining experience where you receive a glass of bubbles on arrival and get to relax and watch the chef demonstrating how to make each dish. You then all sit down to dinner together and enjoy the food accompanied by matching wines. All wine is included in the price and with a table limited to fourteen passengers, it is a really special and intimate way to dine. Plus, you might be lucky enough to have a class taken by celebrity chefs such as Marco Pierre White or James Martin!
We attended the “dinner party secrets” and it was one of our highlights of cruising aboard Britannia – this is a real must-book.
The Limelight Lounge
Just a short walk from the Atrium, the Limelight Lounge is a first for P&O Cruises. Exclusively for adults, it marries together fine food, fine wine, fine decor and great entertainment. It is sophisticated yet fun, elegant yet exciting and offers the chance to see performers you wouldn't see anywhere else on the ship. The menu offers a delicious three-course set menu for you to enjoy whilst watching the entertainment on offer and the venue later turns into a late-night dancing area so you can spend the whole evening in one place. It's a really unique and fun evening which should not be missed.
Afternoon tea in the Epicurean
Eric Lanlard's afternoon tea is exclusive to the Epicurean and a really great way to spend your sea-day afternoon. It contains a range of sandwiches and rolls, pastries, cakes and sweet treats, washed down with a pot of tea. Everything is not only out-of-this-world delicious, but also looks almost too good to eat!
Britannia proves that eating aboard a cruise ship is much more than just a necessity – it is an experience in itself and an exciting one at that. Try foods you wouldn't normally try and throw yourself out of your foodie comfort zone. Dance the night away in the Limelight club and try the different cocktails in the Atrium. Whatever you try, you won't regret it.
See more information on P&O Cruises Britannia dining options here.
Are three displays the gamer's best upgrade?
Nearly three years have passed since AMD made multi-screen gaming a reality with Eyefinity-equipped Radeons. Matrox technically got there first with its ill-fated Parhelia graphics card—and a decade ago, in fact—but its TripleHead scheme never caught on with gamers. The Parhelia's underlying GPU wasn't really fast enough to produce smooth frame rates across multiple displays, and that didn't encourage developers to take advantage of the capability.
Eyefinity has been much more successful. It appeared first in the Radeon HD 5870, which had ample horsepower to deliver a smooth gaming experience across multi-display setups. More than a year later, Nvidia followed up with its own implementation, dubbed Surround. By then, the ball was already rolling with developers. Most of today's new blockbusters support the obscenely high resolutions multi-screen setups can display.
Over the last couple of years, other factors have conspired to make Eyefinity and Surround configs more attractive. While the pixel-pushing power of PC graphics cards continues to grow at a rapid pace, games still tend to be designed with anemic console hardware in mind. Forget about having enough graphics grunt to deliver a smooth gaming experience. High-end GPUs can easily run some of the latest titles at six-megapixel resolutions with the eye candy turned all the way up.
Six megapixels is the approximate total resolution of three 1080p monitors. LCDs with 1080p resolution have gotten a lot more affordable; even those featuring IPS panels have migrated south of $300. Three-screen setups often cost less than a single 30" monitor, and their additional screen real estate has productivity perks that extend beyond wrap-around gaming. You don't need to wear dorky 3D glasses, either.
The stars would seem to be aligned for triple-head gaming to really take off. To handicap its chances, we rigged up a three-screen array and played a stack of the latest games on a couple of high-end graphics cards: Asus' Radeon HD 7970 DirectCU TOP and Gigabyte's GeForce GTX 680 OC. Both cards have juiced-up clock speeds, beefy custom coolers, and display outputs galore. Keep reading to see how they fared in our look at the state of surround gaming on the PC.
The allure of multiple displays
The case for triple-display setups comes down to money, pixels, and the allocation of screen real-estate. When we said 1080p IPS displays could be purchased for under $300, we were being conservative. Newegg has Dell's DisplayPort-equipped UltraSharp U2312HM for only $250. The screen's 23" panel has 1920x1080 pixels, and it's not even the least expensive option with a 1080p resolution. Asus' VS229H-P costs a scant $164 and spreads the same number of pixels over a 21.5" panel. Budget IPS monitors typically feature an e-IPS variant of the technology that offers six rather than eight bits of color per channel. e-IPS displays still tend to look better than budget LCDs based on TN panel tech, though. Those TN displays cost even less than low-end IPS models.
Do the math, and it's clear: a triple-wide monitor setup costs a lot less than a king-sized single display like Dell's 30" UltraSharp U3011. The U3011's 8-bit panel and 2560x1600 resolution are impressive, but the $1200 price tag is daunting, to say the least. The 27" UltraSharp U2711 is only $750, though its 2560x1440 resolution is a little lower. Massive IPS monitors don't get much cheaper unless you hit eBay and buy bare-bones displays direct from Korea.
Granted, there's definitely some appeal to having one's desktop consolidated on a single, large surface. Monster monitors are particularly well-suited to photo editing, and it's hard to argue with 30 inches of uninterrupted goodness. Still, the 30" UltraSharp offers 50% fewer pixels than a triple-wide 1080p config. The total screen area is much smaller, too, and it lacks the wrap-around feel that makes surround gaming unique.
Some folks have taken advantage of the fact that flat-panel TVs offer PC-compatible inputs and even larger dimensions. TVs are relatively inexpensive, too, but their resolutions generally top out at 1080p. To avoid seeing individual pixels, one has to sit farther back, making the screen appear smaller. Playing games from a distance also takes away some of the intimacy.
When I last upgraded the displays in my own home office, I settled on a trio of Asus 24" ProArt PA246Q monitors. These sub-$500 screens have 8-bit panels, loads of input ports, plenty of adjustment options, and a resolution of 1920x1200. I bought these displays primarily for productivity purposes. I've had multiple monitors connected to my desktop PC for years, and the extra screen real estate is extremely helpful when juggling the various computer-driven tasks that make up a typical work day in the Benchmarking Sweatshop. There's more to it than just having more pixels. Being able to group applications on separate displays is the first thing I miss when switching to a single-screen desktop or notebook.
In addition to providing a large digital workspace, the three matched displays are perfect for gaming. Having three of the same screen is essential. Subtle variations in brightness, contrast, and color temperature become readily apparent when you're staring at an image spanning multiple monitors. Even with three identical models, I had to break out our colorimeter to match the calibration of each screen exactly.
To further ensure a consistent picture, the side screens should be angled inward to provide a dead-on view when you swivel your head. TN panels don't look very good from off-center angles, and even IPS displays can suffer from subtle color shift due to anti-glare screen coatings. The ideal angle will depend on how close you sit to the center display.
When we first looked at Eyefinity, Scott concluded that a triple-wide landscape configuration was the best option for games. I concur. Running three screens in portrait mode produces an image that's much less stretched—3240x1920 versus 5760x1200 for my monitors—but the bezels are closer to the middle of the display area and are therefore much more annoying. Regardless of whether you're running a portrait or landscape config, you'll want to seek out displays with the narrowest bezels possible.
Obviously, tripling the number of displays results in a much heavier rendering load. To keep the pixels flowing smoothly, a fast graphics card is required. Let's look at two candidates.
Kepler Results Update: NASA's Kepler Space Telescope has confirmed the discovery of 1,284 new alien planets, 9 of which may be habitable for life as we know it. About 100 of the planets are similar in size to our own Earth. Read the full story here: NASA Finds 1,284 Alien Planets, The Biggest Haul Yet, with Kepler Space Telescope
NASA officials will announce the planet-hunting Kepler space telescope's latest discoveries at a news conference today (May 10).
It's unclear what, exactly, Kepler has found; a media advisory about the news conference didn't give any specific clues. You can find out by listening to the 1 p.m. EDT (1700 GMT) briefing live here at Space.com, courtesy of NASA.
The participants in the Kepler news conference are:
Paul Hertz, Astrophysics Division director at NASA headquarters in Washington, D.C.;
Timothy Morton, associate research scholar at Princeton University in New Jersey;
Natalie Batalha, Kepler mission scientist at NASA's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, California; and
Charlie Sobeck, Kepler/K2 mission manager at Ames.
The $600 million Kepler mission launched in March 2009, tasked with determining how common Earth-like planets are throughout the Milky Way galaxy. To date, the observatory has discovered more than 1,000 alien planets, along with another 3,600 planets "candidates," the vast majority of which will eventually be confirmed, according to mission officials.
Kepler finds alien worlds by noticing the tiny brightness dips they cause when they cross the faces of their host stars from the telescope's perspective. This "transit" technique requires incredibly precise pointing abilities, which Kepler lost when the second of its four orientation-maintaining reaction wheels failed in May 2013.
That failure ended the mission's original planet hunt. However, the Kepler team soon found a way to stabilize the spacecraft using sunlight pressure and the two remaining reaction wheels, and in 2014, Kepler embarked on a new mission called K2.
The observatory has continued hunting for exoplanets during K2, though on a more limited scale. Kepler is also studying supernovas, asteroids and a number of other cosmic objects and phenomena in the new mission, which is broken up into a series of 90-day "campaigns."
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
Local Mom Claims Vaccines Caused Her Son's Calvinism
BOZEMAN, MT—Local mother Carrie Darling has been living with her 11-year-old son Ashton's Calvinism for years now, and ever since his diagnosis she has never veered from her firm belief that his adoption of the theological framework was directly caused by the vaccines he received as a small child.
“He wasn't like this until he got those vaccines—after that, things started changing, and he quickly developed a deep conviction of God's sovereignty over the process of salvation,” Darling told reporters Wednesday.
“Out of nowhere he started disappearing into his room for hours at a time, poring over old books by dead white guys that he would secretly order on Amazon. It began harmlessly enough, with some Edwards, a little Bunyan, some sporadic bouts of Spurgeon—but we really grew worried when he started debating other first-graders on the doctrine of the two divine wills.”
A trip to a local Wesleyan pastor who moonlights as a holistic doctor confirmed the Darling's worst fears: little Ashton was indeed Calvinistic, complete with a desire to give God all the glory for His saving grace.
“Think twice before you get your child vaccinated, especially if you come from an Arminian tradition,” the emotional mother said.
Funimation announced the English dub cast on Wednesday for the ACCA: 13-Territory Inspection Dept. anime series.
The English dub cast — under ADR director Christopher Bevins , ADR engineer Matt Grounds , and scriptwriter J. Michael Tatum — includes:
The simuldub will premiere on Thursday at 9:30 p.m. EST. The anime premiered in Japan on January 10, and Crunchyroll is streaming the series in Japanese with English subtitles as it airs in Japan.
Funimation describes the series:
Jean Otus, commonly known as “Jean the Cigarette Peddler,” is one of the most cunning agents working for the unified group known as “ACCA.” In a kingdom split between 13 regions, ACCA serves to maintain the peace. Those working in the syndicate consider it their life and purpose. But Jean is monitored by gazes, rumors, and…snack time. Slowly, his life is swallowed up into the world's conspiracies!
Shingo Natsume ( One-Punch Man , both seasons of Space Dandy ) is directing the anime at MADHOUSE . Tomohiro Suzuki ( One-Punch Man , Tiger & Bunny scriptwriter) is handling the series composition, Norifumi Kugai ( One-Punch Man , Space Dandy key animator) is adapting the characters for animation, and Ryo Takahashi ( Regalia: The Three Sacred Stars , Please tell me! Galko-chan ) is composing the music.
Thanks to Luke Dias for the news tip.
This article originally appeared on PEOPLE.com.
You don't always need superpowers to be a hero.
On Monday, Gwyneth Paltrow made good on her promise to help one specialAvengers fan's dream come true. The actress accompanied Robert Downey Jr. and Chris Evans as they paid a special visit to meet a young fan battling cancer.
The trio traveled to San Diego, California, to visit Ryan Wilcox, an 18-year-old who has been diagnosed with leukemia for the second time.
“Let's do this,” Paltrow, 43, captioned a shot of Evans, 34, and Downey Jr., 51, at an airport tarmac on their way to San Diego.
Paltrow was the first to take notice of Wilcox, who had posted his story and desire to meet the stars on social media using the hashtag “#ryanstrong.” After learning of the young fan's battle, the actress promised to help get her Avengers costars to meet Wilcox.
And needless to say, she did not disappoint.
“Today @ryanwilcox0303 got a little surprise. Thank you to the incredible #chrisevans and my better work half @robertdowneyjr for being the men you both are. And thank you to the Wilcox family for your hospitality!” she wrote on a sweet snap of Evans and Downey smiling alongside Wilcox.
The group spent the afternoon hanging out with Wilcox and his family and even signing a few autographs – including one on his bedroom wall.
But before even meeting Wilcox, Evans had sent him a personalized video encouraging him to “keep fighting” and praising his allegiance to Captain America.
Looks like the Avengers just got a new superhero.
It's very light, it didn't fly very fast or very far, but the plane in the photo above made aviation history by making the first manned flight powered by a hydrogen fuel cell. The Boeing Research & Technology Europe team in Madrid, Spain, modified a two-seat Dimona motor-glider and installed a hybrid propulsion system based on a hydrogen fuel cell and lithium-ion batteries.
There were three test flights in February and March around the Ocaña airfield, south of Madrid.
During the flights, the pilot of the experimental airplane climbed to an altitude of 1,000 meters (3,300 feet) above sea level using a combination of battery power and power generated by hydrogen fuel cells. Then, after reaching the cruise altitude and disconnecting the batteries, the pilot flew straight and level at a cruising speed of 100 kilometers per hour (62 miles per hour) for approximately 20 minutes on power solely generated by the fuel cells.
Not exactly air-show material, and the more demanding take-off was done using help from the batteries, but it's a start.
Boeing is not expecting large passenger aircraft to be powered by hydrogen fuel cells any time soon (see the second half of this post for our predictions on green(er) air travel), but they could be used in small manned and unmanned airplanes and serve as auxiliary power-generation units for large commercial airplanes.
You can see a video at the Boeing press release page.
See also: ::China to Build 97 Airports in 12 Years & the Future of Air Travel, ::Virgin Atlantic to Demo Biofuel Flight, but Not Quite There Yet, ::Future Planes Might be "Flying Wings"
Mexico's drug war violence became so acute during the government's militarised crackdown on organised crime that it caused male life expectancy rates to drop by an average of several months, reversing a decade's worth of public health improvements, a new study has shown.
As violence worsened between 2005 and 2010, life expectancy rates fell in all of Mexico's 31 states, including regions perceived to have escaped the conflict, according to the study published on Tuesday in the journal Health Affairs.
Life expectancy fell by as much as three years in Chihuahua state, which includes Ciudad Juárez – once considered the murder capital of the world. But states not nearly as affected by violence such as Oaxaca and Tlaxcala also saw declines of six months.
The drop in life expectancy coincides with a period of escalating violence between rival cartels, and then president Felipe Calderón's 2006 decision to deploy federal forces against the traffickers.
“After 2005, that's when life expectancy goes down in all the states. That is what made me think that it is homicide that is having a big impact,” says Hiram Beltrán-Sánchez, the lead researcher on the study.
Two authors of the study told the Guardian that the decline in life expectancy was directly related to the rise in the homicide rate after the drug war began and not merely a coincidence.
“Homicides were going down” from 2000 to 2005, Beltrán-Sánchez, a professor of community health studies at the University of California Los Angeles, said. “After 2005, when the whole thing exploded and military operations began moving through the country, that's when the homicides went up, very much across the board.”
Mexico had made gains in life expectancy over the previous six decades as public health and living standards improved and more Mexicans gained access to health services. Beltrán-Sánchez said he was expecting to see an increase of “three or four years” during the last decade, but found a decrease in life expectancy of 0.6 years for men and almost no change for women.
The reversal came as the federal government extended a universal healthcare coverage to millions of impoverished Mexicans through a program known as Seguro Popular – a measure that researchers say should have increased life expectancies.
Mortality from diabetes – problematic in a country which consumes staggering amounts of soda – actually levelled off between 2005 and 2010 and would have contributed to gains in life expectancy without such high homicide rates
“The implementation has been slow, but the little progress that they did make [with Seguro Popular] was wiped out by the increase in homicides,” he said.
Life expectancy for a Mexican male is now slightly less than 72 years, six months lower than in 2005.
“This has become an issue of national relevance, of public health relevance, rather than some isolated events,” Beltrán-Sánchez said. “If [government officials] continue to see these as isolated events, they won't be able to stop it.”
Violent deaths in El Salvador spiked 70% in 2015, figures reveal Read more
Mexico's drug war has claimed more than 100,000 lives and sent the homicide rate from nine murders per 100,000 persons in 2005 to 22 murders per 100,000 in 2010.
The country's homicide rate is still lower than in other Latin American countries, especially those in Central America
Figures released earlier this week showed that the murder rate in El Salvador rose to 104 per 100,000 habitants in 2015 – the bloodiest year since the end of the country's civil war in 1992.
Gary Neal, shown last month in a game against Indiana, has given the Wizards a lift off the bench with his strong shooting. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
The most important and disputed play Monday night in the Washington Wizards' victory over the Miami Heat occurred with just more than a minute remaining. Washington was clinging to a two-point lead when Bradley Beal drove baseline on defender Chris Bosh, left his feet for a layup and landed with possession without a Heat player touching the ball.
Heat players and coaches immediately erupted, pleading for a traveling violation. The referees' whistles remained silent, however, and Beal found Gary Neal in the corner for an open three-pointer. Neal's field goal pushed the Wizards' lead to 108-103 with 1 minute 7 seconds remaining of their 114-103 victory.
Miami Coach Erik Spoelstra, still livid, immediately called a timeout and stomped onto the floor, screaming for some kind of ruling. Nothing changed on the floor — though a day later, the league said a violation should have been called.
“They wouldn't have said anything if the ball didn't go in,” Neal said after the game.
Neal hasn't missed much lately. The Baltimore native continued his standout season Monday with 21 points on 9-for-12 shooting off the bench for his eighth double-figure scoring effort.
“Right from the start he was probably the most consistent guy we had throughout the game,” Wizards Coach Randy Wittman said. “He gave us a big lift.”
Neal has given the Wizards exactly what they were looking for when they signed him to a one-year deal in July worth $2.1 million — a move that fit into both their short-term plans and long-term flexibility. They were looking for a bench scorer and Neal, 31, was a proven commodity, a veteran who began his NBA career making big shots on the biggest stages with the San Antonio Spurs and has made a living as a second-unit sparkplug.
The early returns have been robust. Neal is averaging 10.6 points on 50.6 percent shooting, averaging 21.5 minutes in 17 games — all but one off the bench. And after shooting 30.5 percent from three-point range with the Charlotte Hornets and Minnesota Timberwolves last season, his 46.7 three-point percentage ranked fifth in the NBA entering Tuesday.
“I'm just trying to be aggressive, not forcing anything, trying to get the best shots I can get,” the 6-foot-4 Neal said. “Some nights I'm going to get a lot of shots. Two games ago, against the Lakers, I only got four. That's just something that I have to stay focused and disciplined with, not forcing anything and letting the game come to me.”
When at full strength, the Wizards' bench is deeper than in years' past. In addition to Neal, Washington boasts offensive weapons like Nene, who was moved out of the starting lineup this season, plus Kris Humphries and Ramon Sessions. But the Wizards have been depleted, particularly in the front court, which forced them to adapt and go to a small-ball brand of basketball over the past three games.
The opportunity has allowed Neal to excel in lineups that often feature the 6-7 Jared Dudley at center and four guards on the floor, which creates space for driving lanes and open shots. In the three games, he averaged 17 points on 65.6 percent shooting, including 53.8 from beyond the arc.
“It's huge and it's very important for us because us starters might not have it going every night,” Wizards guard Bradley Beal said. “We need them to come in and be able to give us that lift that we need and that spark that we need and G. Neal has been consistent throughout the year and he's going to continue to be that way.”
The Wizards will likely revert to their usual lineups against the Houston Rockets as starting center Marcin Gortat is expected to rejoin the team from after a three-game absence due to a family matter in Poland.
Neal's torrid shooting is probably unsustainable, but the Wizards finally have the potent bench shot-maker they've craved. “It's a learning process,” Neal said. “I'm still learning. Hopefully I'll be able to knock down open ones that I do get.”
Note: The start time for the Wizards' Jan. 16 meeting with the Boston Celtics at Verizon Center has been changed from 7 p.m. to 7:30 p.m.
The Wellington City Council's environment committee voted on whether to make microchipping cats compulsory.
Wellington City councillors have voted in favour of compulsory microchipping for cats in the city, but it's already facing a possible legal challenge.
Councillor Simon Woolf put forward an amendment at a meeting of the council's environment committee on Thursday.
All but three councillors have voted in favour of the change. "I am not happy with just collars. Collars can come off," Woolf said.
LUCY SWINNEN/FAIRFAX NZ Kent Duston, a concerned cat owner from Martinborough who is consulting with lawyers to challenge mandatory microchipping in Wellington.
He cited the example of the Christchurch earthquakes where many owners of non-microchipped cats faced a lengthy wait before being reunited with their cats.
READ MORE:
* Wellington backs down on cat curfew
* Me-Ouch! Wellington cats face prospect of microchips or tattoos
* Bylaw would cap cat numbers, ban roosters and limit pigeon feeding
* Cat capping, cat chipping and cat curfews proposed for Wellington
* Council keeps cats in its sights as it approves review of pets
* Gareth Morgan: Cats need microchips and curfew
* Are 'clown' cats the answer to keeping Wellington's birdlife safe?
Cat owner Kent Duston spoke against the compulsory microchipping.
Duston, who lives in Martinborough, told councillors he was consulting with lawyers to look at repealing the amendment.
Although Duston has microchipped both his cats, he objected to the council making it mandatory.
He said the council was using "standover tactics" to make the case for compulsory microchipping.
"The council has not been open and transparent about what its purposes are," Duston said. "What they haven't said is an unidentified cat will be killed."
Mayor Celia Wade-Brown rejected Duston's claims as an exaggeration.
She said consultation with the community revealed that 83 per cent of cat owners thought microchipping was a good idea.
Woolf said the council hoped to educate the community before the enforcement period taking effect.
"I don't think we've got to that stage yet," Woolf said.
"There is an 18-month lead-in period where owners have a reasonable time to get their cats microchipped."
Some were not reunited with their cats at all, he said.
Councillors Jo Coughlan, Helene Ritchie and Nicola Young voted against the amendment.
All other councillors voted for it (Ray Ahipene-Mercer, Paul Eagle, Andy Foster, Sarah Free, David Lee, Justin Lester, Simon Marsh, Iona Pannett, Mark Peck, Malcolm Sparrow.)
Coughlan said the bylaw discussions had been rushed and should have been considered as part of the wider council animal policy.
"I feel like it has been rammed through a bit."
Sparks flew when an agitated councillor Ritchie criticised the amendment change.
She said the council was not within its legal rights to enforce the compulsory identification and challenged leadership on the issue.
"I can see from this an Island Bay [cycleway] fiasco," Ritchie said.
"There has been no leadership on this issue."
All Wellington residents will now be required to microchip their cats that are 12 weeks or older.
The councillors also voted to amend the 2008 bylaw that includes not feeding animals in public, limits the number of chickens and roosters allowed in the city.
All councillors voted in favour of the amendment to the overall bylaw except councillors Young and Ritchie.
THE AMENDMENTS
Amendment 15 and 16: Agree that all domestic cats over the age of 12 weeks must be microchipped and registered with NZCAR (New Zealand Companion Animal Register), or other Council approved microchip register.
Agree that the Council should use non-regulatroy options to support the compulsory microchipping of cats, subject to funding being designated in the 2017/2018 Annual Plan
CLAWS OUT OVER CATS
The vote came after councillors agreed in May to toughen up the proposed animal bylaw, with measures including compulsory microchipping, limiting the number of cats people could own, and putting a curfew on when cats could roam free.
On Friday environment committee chairwoman Iona Pannett said the curfew idea was scrapped after public feedback.
However, she moved the amendment making microchipping compulsory.
She was backed by campaigner Gareth Morgan, who said microchipping was "the important one" when it came to controlling cats.
"I think the council's going to try and do everything within its legal power so far as cats are concerned," Morgan said. "They can only do so much."
He believed the city council did not have the power to enforce a curfew, but said the regional council could label wandering cats as pests, allowing it to do "all sorts of things".
SAN DIEGO -- Half a ton of marijuana was discovered in a tractor-trailer beneath a load of frozen fish being trucked from Mexico into the U.S., according to U.S. Customs and Border Protection.
The 232 packages of pot, weighing 1,058 pounds, were found beneath packages of tongue fish, authorities said. Officers at the Otay Mesa cargo port of entry had sent the the tractor-trailer for inspection Wednesday afternoon after spotting something suspicious through imaging technology.
The marijuana was discovered by a detector dog. The pot had an estimated street value of $476,000, authorities said.
The driver, a 29-year-old Mexican national, was arrested on smuggling charges. The marijuana and the truck were seized as evidence.
ALSO:
Jury in mistrial of accused Halloween shooter was 9-3 for guilt
Expelled Nevada lawmaker Steven Brooks arrested near Barstow
O.C. woman sentenced to five years for sending funds to terrorists
tony.perry@latimes.com
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks at the 11th annual Values Voter Summit on Friday, Sept. 9, 2016 in Washington, D.C. (Photo: Olivier Douliery / TNS)
At an annual Christian conservative gathering in Washington two months before the election, the animating force for one of the Republican Party's most loyal constituencies was not their presidential nominee, but Hillary Clinton.
Social conservatives meeting for the Values Voter Summit expressed dismay and anxiety about having Donald Trump, a thrice-married New York real estate mogul, as their standard-bearer. But they seemed willing to hold their nose and pull the lever for him out of fears about the Democratic nominee and a vacant Supreme Court seat.
"He wasn't my first choice. It's an imperfect world, so you kinda go with what you can get. And you're going to live with disappointment no matter what," said Angelo Oliverio, a 61-year-old from Illinois who works in information technology. "But also, hopefully, some benefits. Nobody's totally bad."
"So the hope is on a scale of 1 to 10 we're on the 6 or 7 side" with Trump, he said.
Trump heightened their concerns during his appearance Friday when he failed to make any comment in his speech about opposing legal abortion, a foundational priority of the religious right.
"I was actually really baffled about that, truthfully," said Mary Turner, a social conservative activist based in Washington. But she said she'd still vote for him to stop a Democrat from replacing the late Justice Antonin Scalia.
'America's Demise'
"Before I came here this morning I was praying at the U.S. Supreme Court," Turner said. "If we have another liberal appointee, certainly that's going to be to America's demise."
Trump also withheld any comments on Planned Parenthood, halting the advance of LGBT rights, and North Carolina's anti-transgender bathroom law. Though his speech was warmly received, enthusiasm in the room seemed muted. It was left to his running mate, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, to fill in some gaps the following day.
"Let me assure you the Trump-Pence administration will stand for the sanctity of life and defend the unborn from the first day we take office," Pence told the summit on Saturday, also vowing to push to block federal funding for Planned Parenthood.
Tony Perkins, the president of the Family Research Council, which hosts the event, said "everybody acknowledges" that Trump isn't a favorite of the religious right.
But he predicted Trump would nevertheless fare better with social conservatives than Mitt Romney in 2012 and John McCain in 2008, citing his contrast with Clinton on three issues: the Supreme Court, religious liberty and national security.
"I see this migration toward him in terms of support. More of an analytical approach to the election," Perkins told Bloomberg Politics in an interview. "He's made very clear he's going to defend religious liberty. Is he going to do these things? I believe he will. But I do know, without question, that Hillary Clinton has a very well-established track record moving in the opposite direction."
A Stark Contrast
Clinton is campaigning on the most socially liberal platform in at least a generation, including championing abortion rights without exception, repealing the Hyde Amendment that restricts taxpayer funding for abortion, promising to protect funding for Planned Parenthood and vowing to expand LGBT protections.
Trump, meanwhile, is giving them something to be more hopeful about.
"It will be our faith in God and his teachings, in each other, that will lead us back to unity," the Republican nominee said in one of his six references to God yesterday, before endorsing repeal of the 1954 Johnson Amendment, which bars tax-exempt organizations like churches from supporting or opposing political candidates.
Trump capitalized on Supreme Court fears, promising to pick justices like Scalia.
"The next president will not only have to fill this seat, but as many as four others," he said. "And you pick the wrong people, you have a country that is no longer your country. It will be a disaster," he added, warning the crowd that religious liberty and gun rights, two issues that have divided the court, hang in the balance.
As of Election Day, two sitting justices, Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Anthony Kennedy, will be 80 or older; and one, Stephen Breyer, will be 78.
"If you need any more motivation for why we need to elect Donald Trump, let me give you two words: Supreme Court," Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus said in a speech Friday.
Constitution 'Vitiated'
U.S. Representative Trent Franks, an Arizona Republican with impeccable anti-abortion credentials, glossed over Trump's omission of the rights of the unborn during his speech and instead warned of a Clinton presidency.
"I can tell you, without any doubt, that Donald Trump's appointment to the Supreme Court are one of the few opportunities to protect the unborn," Franks told Bloomberg Politics. "If Hillary Clinton becomes the president of the United States, the Constitution will not only be vitiated, the unborn will be pushed off into the darkness."
Franks said pro-life conservatives and Republicans "who don't get over themselves quickly and vote for Donald Trump, instead of saying we're going to opt out or we're not going to voteto do that is to betray this party, to betray America and future generations. It's that stark and that real."
At the summit, questions lingered about Trump's commitment to his Christian faith, which he rarely discusses on the campaign trail.
"Who can know a man's heart?" Perkins said. "What I do know is what he's saying."
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2cP2X5c
A new ad campaign debuted this week in Chicago that's sure to turn some heads.
On Monday, 25 CTA buses began sporting ads from "My Jihad," a new educational campaign introduced by the Council on American-Islamic Relations' Chicago chapter (CAIR-Chicago).
Founded by Ahmed Rehab, CAIR-Chicago executive director, the campaign was conceived as a response to the anti-Islam ad campaign created by conservative blogger Pamela Geller, who ran a series of controversial "Defeat Jihad" ads on city buses last month.
(Scroll down to view photos of the "My Jihad" ads.)
The goal of the campaign, Rehab explained, is "reclaiming Jihad from the Muslim and anti-Muslim extremists who ironically, but not surprisingly, see eye to eye on Jihad," according to a CAIR statement.
The literal meaning of Jihad, according to the BBC, is "struggle or effort" -- not simply a "holy war" waged on behalf of Islam. It is a central doctrine of the Islamic faith.
In addition to the public ads, the campaign urges supporters to use the #MyJihad hash tag to share insight into their own personal struggles or efforts. Muslims and non-Muslims alike have already contributed to the campaign.
"It is also about pushing for an intelligent and informed understanding of Islam and its concepts and practices in the media, the educational circles, and the public," Rehab continued. "Most of all, this campaign is about giving voice to our views, our practices, and simply put, our reality, a reality that is too big to be left out of the conversation.”
As Gellar did with her ads, Rehab hopes that the "MyJihad" ads will also appear in cities including New York, San Francisco, Houston, Seattle and Washington, D.C. in the future.
All i can really say about this movie. Moving. Inspiring. A huge reminder that life is to short to live in the past. We have to live for the now, in the present. The reason why that God called today the present is because it is a present from Him to us. Regardless, of how young we are or how old we get. I know there is a loving father who connects us all through Love. Not everyday Love, but spiritual Love. God wants us to know on how much we are loved, truly. Every ticking of the clock, every heart beat that is pumped through our veins. Know that every breath counts. Every blink of your eyelid, a moment is captured for eternity. We say for better or worse in marital vows. When i personally believe that line alone is a promise from God granted us the ability to Love accordingly and freely. The story of Benjamin Button based off of a real life phenomina. That the ability to Love someone so deeply that God so loved us, that we should do the same for others. Many dont believe in God. Okay, well what i can say to the non-believer is that they cant deny that Love is God. Love conqours all. Love overcomes fear hands down. So, if you are moved and reminded by this movie, that as a deep connection through experience, memories, happenings that we all have meaning on Earth. I can passionately tell you. I dont know you, but I love you for being you. I want to thank you for that. All i ask in your endeavors is this. Never stop Loving, even in the hardest moments. When you lose a loved one through sickness, illness, cancer; old age, through the passing. Know that the very same love that they have given you. Is eternal, it last forever. Never give up Hope, Faith and Trust for one and another. Time here on earth is indeed temprorary, but Love is eternal, even in Death do us part.
In a new open-access report in the NIH journal Environmental Health Perspectives, 47 scientists, health practitioners, and children's health advocates have made a consensus statement in “Project TENDR: Targeting Environmental Neuro-Developmental Risks“ — endorsed by nine medical organizations — and issued a call to action for renewed attention to the growing evidence that many common and widely available chemicals endanger neurodevelopment in fetuses and children of all ages.
The list includes chemicals used extensively in consumer products and that have become widespread in the environment. Of most concern are lead and mercury; organophosphate pesticides used in agriculture and home gardens; phthalates, which are used in pharmaceuticals, plastics and personal care products; flame retardants known as polybrominated diphenyl ethers; and air pollutants produced by the combustion of wood and fossil fuels, said University of Illinois Comparative Biosciences professor Susan Schantz, one of dozens of individual signatories to the consensus statement.
The list provides “prime examples of toxic chemicals that can contribute to learning, behavioral, or intellectual impairment, as well as specific neurodevelopmental disorders such as ADHD or autism spectrum disorder,” according to the report.
Polychlorinated biphenyls
Polychlorinated biphenyls, once used as coolants and lubricants in transformers and other electrical equipment, also are of concern. PCBs were banned in the U.S. in 1977, but can persist in the environment for decades, she said.
“These chemicals are pervasive, not only in air and water, but in everyday consumer products that we use on our bodies and in our homes,” Schantz said. “Reducing exposures to toxic chemicals can be done, and is urgently needed to protect today's and tomorrow's children.”
“The human brain develops over a very long period of time, starting in gestation and continuing during childhood and even into early adulthood,” Schantz said. “But the biggest amount of growth occurs during prenatal development. The neurons are forming and migrating and maturing and differentiating. And if you disrupt this process, you're likely to have permanent effects.”
Hormonal disrupters
Some of the chemicals of concern, such as phthalates and PBDEs, are known to interfere with normal hormone activity. For example, most pregnant women in the U.S. will test positive for exposure to phthalates and PBDEs, both of which disrupt thyroid hormone function.
“Thyroid hormone is involved in almost every aspect of brain development, from formation of the neurons to cell division, to the proper migration of cells and myelination of the axons after the cells are differentiated,” said Schantz. “It regulates many of the genes involved in nervous system development.”
Schantz and her colleagues at Illinois are studying infants and their mothers to determine whether prenatal exposure to phthalates and other endocrine disruptors leads to changes in the brain or behavior. This research, along with parallel studies in older children and animals, is a primary focus of the Children's Environmental Health Research Center at Illinois, which Schantz directs.
Phthalates also interfere with steroid hormone activity. Studies link exposure to certain phthalates with attention deficits, lower IQ and conduct disorders in children. “Phthalates are everywhere; they're in all kinds of different products. We're exposed to them every day,” Schantz said.
The report criticizes current regulatory lapses that allow chemicals to be introduced into people's lives with little or no review of their effects on fetal and child health. “For most chemicals, we have no idea what they're doing to children's neurodevelopment,” Schantz said. “They just haven't been studied.
“And if it looks like something is a risk, we feel policymakers should be willing to make a decision that this or that chemical could be a bad actor and we need to stop its production or limit its use,” she said. “We shouldn't have to wait 10 or 15 years — allowing countless children to be exposed to it in the meantime — until we're positive it's a bad actor.”
Project TENDR has a website with information about each of the chemicals of concern. The National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences at the National Institutes of Health and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency fund the Children's Environmental Health Research Center at the University of Illinois.
Project TENDR is an alliance of 48 of the nation's top scientists, health professionals and health advocates. It was launched by Maureen Swanson of the Learning Disabilities Association of America and Irva Hertz-Picciotto of UC Davis, who brought together participants across many disciplines and sectors, including epidemiology, toxicology, exposure science, pediatrics, obstetrics and gynecology, nursing, public health, and federal and state chemical policy. Medical and scientific societies that have signed on in support include American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, American Nurses Association, Endocrine Society, National Association of Pediatric Nurse Practitioners, National Medical Association, National Hispanic Medical Association, Alliance of Nurses for Healthy Environments, Physicians for Social Responsibility and the National Council of Asian Pacific Island Physicians. TENDR's long-term mission is to lower the incidence of neurodevelopmental disorders by reducing exposure levels to chemicals and pollutants that can contribute to these conditions, especially during fetal development and early childhood.
Steve Drake, Beckman Institute for Advanced Science and Technology | U. of I. biosciences professor Susan Schantz directs the Children's Environmental Health Research Center at the University of Illinois, which is studying whether, and how, exposure to phthalates disrupts child brain development. Phthalates are used in some cosmetics, food packaging and products with fragrances.
Food Safety | From DDT to Glyphosate: Rachel Carson, We Need You Again
Abstract of Project TENDR: Targeting Environmental Neuro-Developmental Risks. The TENDR Consensus Statement
SUMMARY: Children in America today are at an unacceptably high risk of developing neurodevelopmental disorders that affect the brain and nervous system including autism, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, intellectual disabilities, and other learning and behavioral disabilities. These are complex disorders with multiple causes—genetic, social, and environmental. The contribution of toxic chemicals to these disorders can be prevented. APPROACH: Leading scientific and medical experts, along with children's health advocates, came together in 2015 under the auspices of Project TENDR: Targeting Environmental Neuro-Developmental Risks to issue a call to action to reduce widespread exposures to chemicals that interfere with fetal and children's brain development. Based on the available scientific evidence, the TENDR authors have identified prime examples of toxic chemicals and pollutants that increase children's risks for neurodevelopmental disorders. These include chemicals that are used extensively in consumer products and that have become widespread in the environment. Some are chemicals to which children and pregnant women are regularly exposed, and they are detected in the bodies of virtually all Americans in national surveys conducted by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The vast majority of chemicals in industrial and consumer products undergo almost no testing for developmental neurotoxicity or other health effects. CONCLUSION: Based on these findings, we assert that the current system in the United States for evaluating scientific evidence and making health-based decisions about environmental chemicals is fundamentally broken. To help reduce the unacceptably high prevalence of neurodevelopmental disorders in our children, we must eliminate or significantly reduce exposures to chemicals that contribute to these conditions. We must adopt a new framework for assessing chemicals that have the potential to disrupt brain development and prevent the use of those that may pose a risk. This consensus statement lays the foundation for developing recommendations to monitor, assess, and reduce exposures to neurotoxic chemicals. These measures are urgently needed if we are to protect healthy brain development so that current and future generations can reach their fullest potential.
This article is over 7 years old
Body of 44-year-old Starr – who left the US rock band in 1993 – discovered in Salt Lake City in Utah
Mike Starr, the former Alice in Chains bass player who went public with his drug problems on a reality TV show, has been found dead nine years after the band's singer died of an overdose.
The body of the 44-year-old Starr was discovered on Tuesday in a house in Salt Lake City according to police.
Starr left Alice in Chains shortly after the release of their breakthrough 1992 album Dirt and before they went on to enjoy greater success during the heyday of Seattle grunge.
But the band was rocked in 2002 by the death of singer Layne Staley, whose body was found in a Seattle apartment.
The remaining members resurrected the group with relative success in recent years, although Starr had largely disappeared by this time.
Starr re-emerged in January 2010 as a patient on the third season of Celebrity Rehab, a VH1 reality show, but appeared to be unable to overcome his addiction.
He was arrested in Salt Lake City three weeks ago on an outstanding warrant related to an earlier drugs charge, and was also carrying unauthorised prescription medications.
TMZ, which broke the news of Starr's death, quoted his father as saying: "It's a terrible shock and tragedy."
A spokesman for the Salt Lake City police separtment said that officers responded to call about a possible body at a residence in the city centre earlier on Tuesday afternoon.
"There is nothing to indicate that this was foul play by another individual," police said.
Women may soon be able to get oral contraceptive pills from a chemist if a recommendation by the Medicines Classification Committee is approved.
Women may soon be able to use expired prescriptions from a doctor to get birth control pills from a pharmacy.
The Medicines Classification Committee has recommended selected oral contraceptives be reclassified as restricted, rather than prescription medicine.
If there were no objections to the recommendations before February 9, the change would mean pharmacists could dispense birth control pills to women who had received a doctor's prescription anytime within the last three years.
Pharmacists would need to gain special training to be able to dispense the contraceptives.
Green Cross Health Ltd, owner of pharmacy chains Unichem and Life Pharmacy, had been lobbying the committee for a reclassification of oral contraceptives since April 2014.
A second, revised submission to the committee for a reclassification was made in May 2015.
This would have allowed pharmacists to prescribe oral contraceptives to women who met "specific criteria".
The committee declined the submission on the grounds it had no support from any medical organisations.
Green Cross objected to the decision and submitted another proposal, that would allow women with an expired prescription to access oral contraception from a pharmacy.
The revised proposal was recommended by the committee on January 22.
"This ground-breaking initiative . . . allows New Zealand women convenient access to oral contraceptives through their pharmacist," Green Cross' head of professional services Alison Van Wyk said.
The New Zealand Medical Association had been opposed to the recommendation, saying the change could deny women the appropriate medical care needed when taking an oral contraceptive.
In a letter to the committee, president Stephen Child said one of the most important aspects of prescribing oral contraceptive pills was advice and counselling about its use and about sexual health in general, especially for younger women.
"It is difficult to envisage how this can be done well in a pharmacy setting."
On Thursday, Child said NZMA was yet to discuss its response to the committee's recommendation.
It had "no problem with it in principle", but there were concerns about the process behind it, he said.
Van Wyk said pharmacists were the "key providers of primary care" in their communities.
"As trained health professionals, they are well-equipped to consult with women about their contraception needs and provide an accessible option for women to obtain oral contraceptives."
Between 140,000 and 200,000 women in New Zealand take oral contraceptives and until now initial and repeat prescriptions were available only from a GP, family planning clinic or specialist.
It was estimated a three-month supply from a pharmacy would cost $45, meaning the change would not necessarily make it cheaper for women, Van Wyk said.
Access to oral contraception from a pharmacy would be helpful for women who found they had run out of their supply on the weekend when a doctor's appointment was not possible, or while they were travelling.
CVE-2017-0037 Detail Modified This vulnerability has been modified since it was last analyzed by the NVD. It is awaiting reanalysis which may result in further changes to the information provided. Current Description Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge have a type confusion issue in the Layout::MultiColumnBoxBuilder::HandleColumnBreakOnColumnSpanningElement function in mshtml.dll, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors involving a crafted Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) token sequence and crafted JavaScript code that operates on a TH element. Source: MITRE
Description Last Modified: 03/17/2017
View Analysis Description Microsoft Internet Explorer 11 and Microsoft Edge have a type confusion issue in the Layout::MultiColumnBoxBuilder::HandleColumnBreakOnColumnSpanningElement function in mshtml.dll, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors involving a crafted Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) token sequence and crafted JavaScript code that operates on a TH element. Source: MITRE
Description Last Modified: 02/26/2017 Impact CVSS v3.0 Severity and Metrics: Base Score: 8.1 HIGH
Vector: AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H (V3 legend)
Impact Score: 5.9
Exploitability Score: 2.2 Attack Vector (AV): Network
Attack Complexity (AC): High
Privileges Required (PR): None
User Interaction (UI): None
Scope (S): Unchanged
Confidentiality (C): High
Integrity (I): High
Availability (A): High CVSS v2.0 Severity and Metrics: Base Score: 7.6 HIGH
Vector: (AV:N/AC:H/Au:N/C:C/I:C/A:C) (V2 legend)
Impact Subscore: 10.0
Exploitability Subscore: 4.9 Access Vector (AV): Network
Access Complexity (AC): High
Authentication (AU): None
Confidentiality (C): Complete
Integrity (I): Complete
Availability (A): Complete
Additional Information:
Allows unauthorized disclosure of information
Allows unauthorized modification
Allows disruption of service
Technical Details Vulnerability Type (View All) Incorrect Type Conversion or Cast (CWE-704) Vulnerable software and versions Switch to CPE 2.2 Configuration 1
OR
cpe:2.3:a:microsoft:edge:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:*
cpe:2.3:a:microsoft:internet_explorer:11:*:*:*:*:*:*:*
Denotes Vulnerable Software
Are we missing a CPE here? Please let us know.
Change History 8 change records found - show changes CVE Modified by MITRE - 11/18/2017 9:29:00 PM Action Type Old Value New Value Added Reference https://www.exploit-db.com/exploits/43125/ [No Types Assigned] CVE Modified by MITRE - 8/31/2017 9:29:32 PM Action Type Old Value New Value Added Reference https://www.exploit-db.com/exploits/41454/ [No Types Assigned] CVE Modified by MITRE - 8/11/2017 9:29:01 PM Action Type Old Value New Value Added Reference https://www.exploit-db.com/exploits/42354/ [No Types Assigned] CVE Modified by MITRE - 7/17/2017 9:18:08 AM Action Type Old Value New Value Added Reference http://www.securitytracker.com/id/1037905 [No Types Assigned] Added Reference http://www.securitytracker.com/id/1037906 [No Types Assigned] CVE Modified by MITRE - 4/3/2017 9:59:02 PM Action Type Old Value New Value Added Reference https://0patch.blogspot.si/2017/03/0patching-another-0-day-internet.html [No Types Assigned] CVE Modified by MITRE - 3/17/2017 9:59:01 PM Action Type Old Value New Value Changed Description Microsoft Internet Explorer 11 and Microsoft Edge have a type confusion issue in the Layout::MultiColumnBoxBuilder::HandleColumnBreakOnColumnSpanningElement function in mshtml.dll, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors involving a crafted Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) token sequence and crafted JavaScript code that operates on a TH element. Microsoft Internet Explorer 10 and 11 and Microsoft Edge have a type confusion issue in the Layout::MultiColumnBoxBuilder::HandleColumnBreakOnColumnSpanningElement function in mshtml.dll, which allows remote attackers to execute arbitrary code via vectors involving a crafted Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) token sequence and crafted JavaScript code that operates on a TH element. Added Reference https://portal.msrc.microsoft.com/en-US/security-guidance/advisory/CVE-2017-0037 [No Types Assigned] CVE Modified by MITRE - 3/1/2017 9:59:02 PM Action Type Old Value New Value Added Reference http://www.securityfocus.com/bid/96088 [No Types Assigned] Initial Analysis - 2/27/2017 1:41:02 PM Action Type Old Value New Value Added CPE Configuration OR *cpe:2.3:a:microsoft:edge:*:*:*:*:*:*:*:* *cpe:2.3:a:microsoft:internet_explorer:11:*:*:*:*:*:*:* Added CVSS V2 (AV:N/AC:H/Au:N/C:C/I:C/A:C) Added CVSS V3 AV:N/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H Added CWE CWE-704 Changed Reference Type https://bugs.chromium.org/p/project-zero/issues/detail?id=1011 No Types Assigned https://bugs.chromium.org/p/project-zero/issues/detail?id=1011 Third Party Advisory, Issue Tracking, Exploit Quick Info CVE Dictionary Entry:
CVE-2017-0037
NVD Published Date:
02/26/2017
NVD Last Modified:
11/18/2017
As you make healthy, positive changes to the way your body looks and feels, it only makes sense that you might want to improve the appearance of your body's largest organ, your skin. Stretch marks are a common concern, caused by rapid change in skin growth due to pregnancy or excessive weight gain or weight loss. Although they appear to be on the top layer of our skin, stretch marks are actually in the middle layer. This is what makes them difficult to remove with topical treatment alone. But we've learned about a DIY scrub that may affect tissues beneath the surface, for real change.
OUR LATEST RECIPES
OUR LATEST VIDEOS OUR LATEST VIDEOS
Coffee has been gaining ground for its beneficial skincare properties. Hashtag coffeescrub on Instagram and you'll see a new trend that is helping to soothe many common skin frustrations. This DIY scrub has two simple, everyday ingredients that are probably already in your kitchen. Like any treatment, it takes time to see results, so be patient. One bonus? Do this scrub early in the morning, and the aroma of the coffee will wake you up and start your day off strong! Get to scrubbin'!
Ingredients & Why They Work:
Ground Coffee – This can be taken directly from packaging or you can use coffee grounds that have been used in your coffee machine. The caffeine in coffee, when directly applied to the skin, stimulates blood flow and circulation. This helps with cell regeneration. The ground coffee's texture is an exfoliant which removes dead cells and loose skin, giving new skin cells an opportunity to receive proper moisture, in this case from the next ingredient.
Olive Oil – Olive oil moisturizes, cleanses, and protects the skin. Most importantly, it penetrates the skin to work on different skin layers. Stretch marks are located beneath the surface of our skin's outer layers, and we need to penetrate that surface to get to where the actual skin damage is.
What to Do:
1. Ideally, your skin should be clean prior to applying the scrub for the best results. If you're using coffee grounds from your machine you're all set on the first step. If you're using coffee straight from the package, depending on how big the affected area is, pour an adequate amount into a small bowl or container and add enough warm water to moisten the coffee but not drown it.
2. Mix olive oil with the coffee until it has a paste-like consistency. Ideally, the end mix should produce a paste that can stay on your skin for an extended period of time.
3. Once the paste is ready, gently rub it into the area where the stretch marks are present. Apply it on the skin around the area as well. If the stretch mark is the size of a golf ball, apply to the area as if it were a tennis ball. Light and gentle rubs for about 3-5 minutes.
4. Once the paste is applied, leave it on for 20 minutes.
5. After 20 minutes, grab a damp, non-abrasive cloth to wipe away the mixture from your skin.
6. Apply a natural moisturizer to the area 2-3 times throughout the day. 100% African Shea butter is a multi-purpose moisturizer which treats stretch marks, stimulates cellular growth, and repairs damaged skin.
7. This scrub should be repeated once a day until you see a noticeable difference in the area. Different peoples' skin is different, and depending on the severity of the stretchmarks, some fading can take longer than others. Be patient!
8. If you don't want to make the scrub daily, you can put the ingredients in an air-tight container to use whenever you need. Store at room temperature.
Sources: Mayo Clinic, Global Healing Center, Livestrong, Frank Body
Want more tips on radiant skin? Read some of our other tips on skincare:
How to Make Your Own Skincare Products
Want Radiant Skin? You Have to Read This
Eat Your Way to Clear Skin
And, of course, be sure to like our Facebook page and follow us on Pinterest for workouts, clean eating tips, and healthy lifestyle resources.
What is it about shoes that makes them such a recurrent motif in myths and fairy tales? “Fairy tales have their roots in social reality,” says Philip Pullman, who retold 50 stories in his Grimm Tales. “And in Northern Europe you needed boots. That's why they appear more often than, say, hats or gloves.” In stories, shoes have often become magical objects, expressing freedom and punishment, loss and status, and, in psychoanalytic readings, sexuality. Their connotations are powerful, as is demonstrated by a new anthology, In Their Shoes: Fairy Tales and Folktales, which presents nine stories with footwear in their plots, ranging from a Greek myth to a French fairy tale from the Sixties, and embraces Perrault, Grimm, Andersen and Brer Rabbit.
Two hundred years ago, when the Brothers Grimm collected their stories, work and travel for the poor required adequate shoes. “After the 30 Years War,” Pullman says, citing Hansel and Gretel, “poverty and starvation were widespread in Europe. You couldn't do anything without shoes.” Hop O'My Thumb, in the new anthology, is a version of the same tale embedded in grim reality, in which parents are driven by hunger to sacrifice their children.
Few people actually went barefoot in the 19th century, but passable shoes could make all the difference. It is not surprising that they were used by storytellers to represent escape, advancement, liberty, hope. So, Cinderella escapes her drudgery in glass slippers – possibly mistranslated from the French of Charles Perrault whose “vair” (fur) became “verre” (glass). Magical, journey-crunching seven-league boots help the hero of Hop O'My Thumb (and its variation Jack the Giant Killer) to vanquish the giant he stole them from and secure the ogre's riches.
The shoes the elves make liberate the shoemaker from poverty, and they are set free from the slavery of shoemaking with tiny shoes of their own – rather like Dobby the house-elf in Harry Potter, who is freed with a sock. And in Greek mythology, winged sandals borrowed from Hermes enable Perseus to defeat Medusa and rescue Andromeda.
The new V&A exhibition, Shoes: Pleasure and Pain , suggests that the symbolism of shoes has changed little over centuries – so, for instance, contemporary advertising for trainers implies powers of flight and speed akin to winged sandals and seven-league boots. And shoes in modern children's literature also convey some of these ideas.
Shoes: Pleasure and Pain at the V&A
Rick Riordan's Percy Jackson books, in which modern-day youngsters are the children of Greek gods and mortals, show Percy (son of Poseidon) fighting Luke (son of Hermes); Luke wears winged baseball boots. Magic shoes as a means of escape appear in L Frank Baum's The Wizard of Oz, in which Dorothy's silver slippers (ruby in the film) are her passport home. Seven-league boots feature in Terry Pratchett, C S Lewis and John Masefield. Jonathan Stroud in his Bartimaeus Trilogy gives them back to a giant, the huge mercenary Verroq who travels scarily fast; and in Diana Wynne Jones's Howl's Moving Castle the boots take you seven leagues in whichever direction you step. And it is not, perhaps, a coincidence that the first “portkey” Harry Potter encounters (an object that looks like rubbish, and which transports you magically to far destinations) is an old boot.
Shoes may give you freedom, but sometimes they represent the opposite. Bare feet can be innocence, and shoes experience. Gerda in Hans Christian Andersen's Snow Queen surrenders her favourite red shoes (prefiguring his story of that name) to the river in order to save Kai: “How well she has got through the world, barefooted as she is.
She cannot receive any power… greater than she now has, which consists in her own purity and innocence of heart.” Tom Sawyer envies Huck Finn the freedom of not having to wear shoes. Given some by the Widow Douglas, he can't stand to wear them all the time. School shoes and shoes for Sunday best are often constraining, and symbolise the rules that go with them. It is only a step from this to shoes as punishment, also a recurrent fairy-tale motif. In the Grimm version of Snow White the stepmother's punishment is to wear a pair of glowing-hot iron shoes and dance until she drops dead.
• Review: An erudite, passionate dictionary of children's literature
Andersen, with his punitive notions of virtue and endurance, reprised the idea of shoes that force you to keep moving. In his The Red Shoes Karen is punished for the vanity of wearing red shoes to church by being cursed by perpetual dancing, in shoes that never come off. She chooses to have her feet chopped off, but even then her penance is incomplete. The Powell and Pressburger film (1948) makes loose use of Andersen, though the heroine is punished again for presumption – in this case wanting to practise her dancing skills and also be married.
Compulsive dancing resurfaces in Harry Potter, in the form of the Tarantallegra spell, which Draco casts on Harry in the Duelling Club. Harry Potter also contains a reference to a patient at St Mungo's Hospital whose shoes take bites out of his feet. This harks back to those punishing shoes – and to the Ugly Sisters, who chop their toes off in order to fit the slipper and win the Prince. Roald Dahl's Witches echo this. They have no toes, but hide their square-ended feet in pointed shoes.
But there is more still to the symbolism than these recurrent notions of escape and punishment. Fairy tales often express truths about growing up, including the transition to sexual maturity. In early versions, Rapunzel's visits from the prince are revealed by her pregnancy. Some variations of Sleeping Beauty suggest that her “awakening” is not just a kiss. The psychiatrist Valerie Sinason points out that Freud equates the shoe with the vagina. This creates whole new possibilities for what Cinderella loses at the ball, as well as for the worn shoes that reveal that the Dancing Princesses have been with their princes. It also gives another dimension to red shoes, or shoes that have blood in them – as Karen's abrasive clogs do before she acquires her new shoes. Sinason says that shoes also keep us above the muck. They are a protection from squalor, terror, disgust, decay and death. At the same time they symbolise loss, because a shoe implies its missing occupant; it suggests absences and ghosts.
• "Disney has whitewashed fairytales"
'You never really know a man until you stand in his shoes and walk around in them.” So runs a passage from Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird, which is the epigraph to In Their Shoes. Empty shoes stand in for people. Which is why shoe fetishes, says Sinason, “make up for the terror that something is missing”. Pippi Longstocking wears her absent father's shoes, which are too big, so they give “wiggle room” for her toes. Her choice of shoes is symbolic of her need to parent herself, standing in for her father. Similarly the prince fetishises Cinderella's shoe in her absence.
Shoes also express status, elevating us with their platforms and heels. Cinderella's shoes are so fine her stepfamily doesn't recognise her when she wears them. A cat in superior boots can convince everyone its master is the Marquis of Carabas.
And of course size matters when it comes to fairy-tale shoes. “A small foot is a sign of refinement,” says Pullman. “It is like the sensitivity of the princess to the pea.” And it resonates with the Chinese tradition of foot-binding, which expressed status but incapacitated women so they could not wander. Surprise, surprise, one of the earliest versions of Cinderella comes from ninth-century China.
In Their Shoes: Fairy Tales and Folktales illustrated by Lucie Arnoux is published by Pushkin Press at £6.99. Call 0844 871 1515 or see books.telegraph.co.uk
Scotland's leader on Monday said she would seek authority for a new independence referendum because Britain is dragging Scotland out of the European Union against its will.
Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon demanded an independence referendum to be held in late 2018 or early 2019, once the terms of Britain's exit from the European Union have become clearer.
A vote that could rip apart the United Kingdom just months before Brexit adds a tumultuous twist and highly uncertain consequences to the two-year process of leaving the EU after more than four decades.
"If Scotland is to have a real choice - when the terms of Brexit are known but before it is too late to choose our own course - then that choice must be offered between the autumn of next year, 2018, and the spring of 2019," Sturgeon told reporters.
OPINION: If Scotland leaves, England will lose the Brexit game
Her demand comes just as British Prime Minister Theresa May is poised to launch the Brexit process, something opposed by most Scots in last June's vote on leaving the bloc.
Ultimately it is the UK parliament in Westminster - where May commands a majority - which makes the call on whether Scotland can hold a second referendum. But if May refused to approve such a vote she could provoke a constitutional crisis.
May's government said in response to Sturgeon's announcement that it is seeking "a future partnership with the EU that works for the whole of the United Kingdom. The UK government will negotiate that agreement, but we will do so taking into account the interests of all of the nations of the UK."
The British government didn't say whether it would give approval, but said an independence ballot "would be divisive and cause huge economic uncertainty at the worst possible time".
This month, May accused Sturgeon's Scottish National Party of sacrificing not only the United Kingdom but also Scotland with its "obsession" with securing independence.
Sturgeon has previously said she wanted Scotland to be allowed to strike its own deal with the EU to keep access to the bloc's tariff-free single market. But on Monday she said her efforts had hit a "brick wall of intransigence" in London.
"If the UK leaves the EU without Scotland indicating beforehand - or at least within a short time after it - that we want a different relationship with Europe, we could face a lengthy period not just outside the EU but also the single market," she said.
WATCH: Disunited kingdom
Al Jazeera's Barnaby Phillips, reporting from London, said it remains to be seen how the battle over a new vote unfolds for Sturgeon in the coming weeks.
"You could expect quite a political fight over the timing of such a referendum, over the wording of such a referendum," said Phillips. "The initial response from Teresa May and from Downing Street has been quite damning. They are saying that this is divisive."
The results of the June 23 Brexit referendum called the future of the UK into question because England and Wales voted to leave the EU but Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to stay, with an overall 55 percent in favour of leaving.
Scots rejected independence by 55-45 percent in a referendum in September 2014, though the vote energised Scottish politics and support for the SNP has surged since then.
Sterling rose after Sturgeon said the earliest date for a new Scottish independence referendum was in the autumn of next year. British government bond prices fell.
Recent opinion polls have shown support for independence running at close to 50 percent.
At her news conference on Monday, Sturgeon was asked if she believed she could win a second independence vote. "Yes I do. Absolutely, I believe that."
A short newsletter highlighting some recent discoveries and initiatives of the No Agenda Show. Listen live every Thursday and Sunday at 9:00 AM PST. Always available for download at the show page here. No Agenda
Newsletter Dear Producers ,
Attached to this newsletter is Attached to this newsletter is this link to the astonishing 129 page White Paper regarding the so-called anti-gay Russian legislation as promoted by the American media and debunked as such by your No Agenda Show and further debunked by white paper author, Brian Heiss, who researched and produced this thorough report.
The entire anti-gay and anti-Putin propaganda stemming solely from the US government may relate to the embarrassing fact that Ed Snowden is using Russia as a sanctuary from the American government. This is a tremendous humiliation to the US State Department. Creating this false narrative about anti-gay Russian sentiment is part of a seemingly never-ending attack on Russia and its Olympics. The Russians must be punished for disobedience. Putin needs to be humiliated.
The joke of this is that if the easily incensed and corrupt International Olympic Committee figures out this scam, it could hurt the USA chances of ever seeing another Olympics of any sort on US soil for decades. This may be the only benefit as far as No Agenda is concerned. In the meantime, read the facts and see how the public -- gay and straight -- are being manipulated again.
“Performatives.”
You may have been highly amused by the recent WSJ article used by politicians and others. The producers and supporters of No Agenda have been far in front of the curve on this issue. Again this shows you the overall value of your No Agenda Show. is that if the easily incensed and corrupt International Olympic Committee figures out this scam, it could hurt the USA chances of ever seeing another Olympics of any sort on US soil for decades. This may be the only benefit as far as No Agenda is concerned. In the meantime, read the facts and see how the public -- gay and straight -- are being manipulated again.You may have been on verbal tricks used by politicians and others. The producers and supporters of No Agenda have been far in front of the curve on this issue. Again this shows you the overall value of your No Agenda Show.
Please continue to support us with a contribution of any sort by
Your co-hosts,
John C. Dvorak & Adam Curry
PS Do you have a blog? Post No Agenda on it twice a week. It's free content for you and your readers. of any sort by clicking here or going to the support page here. Your co-hosts,PS Do you have a blog? Post No Agenda on it twice a week. It's free content for you and your readers.
Donate for the sake of kittens. Donate for the sake of kittens.
She bottled Wednesday's TV debate, snubbed an invitation from Woman's Hour and is now refusing to give any interviews to BBC local radio -Theresa May is the ultimate shy Tory.
With her confidence shaken by weak and wobbly media performances, the Tory PM seems to have been ordered into hiding by Lynton Crosby.
First, Telegraph journalist Christopher Hope reported that she had knocked back an interview request from Radio 4's Woman's Hour.
https://twitter.com/christopherhope/status/870310676501278720
Then Guardian columnist Owen Jones revealed a message he received from a BBC staff member saying that May was refusing to do a single interview for local radio stations.
I've been sent this, I don't know it's true. Can @CCHQPress please confirm? Because if so there are now searching questions to be asked. pic.twitter.com/T0D90jYEcG — Owen Jones (@OwenJones84) June 1, 2017
After her approval rating hit a record low yesterday, the Tories know the more the public see of May the less they like and trust her.
So she's now running scared from an election that she called because she arrogantly took the public's support for granted.
If she's not up to a radio interview, then she's not up to the job of PM…
On April 3, 2013, nearly one year after I arrived at California State University, Fullerton as its fifth CSU board-appointed president, I welcomed Orange County Register readers to the inaugural section of the weekly column you're reading now. Since penning that first “Titan Voices,” I've had the honor of publishing more than 50 others, and it is with mixed emotions (and a box of Kleenex) that I now write my final column as the university's president.
Indeed, the weeks since I announced my decision to leave Cal State Fullerton on Jan. 22, 2018, to accept the presidency of the American Association of State Colleges and Universities, have been emotional, and as I look back at all the archived Titan Voices, I am reminded why: The amazing people with whom I've shared this journey have become family. That may sound hyperbolic, and I must admit, when I received a chorus of greetings that began with “Welcome to the Titan family” upon my arrival in 2012, I did not fully grasp the depth of that phrase despite the earnest energy put forth by the people exclaiming it.
Rest assured, I do now.
Like “Titans Reach Higher,” there is emotional power to those words that speak to our belief that everyone at Cal State Fullerton — faculty, staff, administrators, alumni, and external partners — are educators. And when you witness firsthand the transformational power your collaborative efforts have on the most important members of the community — the more than 40,000 diverse students we serve — you can't help but feel a deep connection to and appreciation of those with whom you stand shoulder to shoulder, day in and day out.
You can't help but feel like family.
And as a family, over the past five and a half years, we came together and flourished in ways that not only honored our now 60-year legacy, but also created a foundation for even greater success over the next 60 years and beyond. Together, we embarked on the University's first-ever five-year (2013-2018) strategic plan, which has broadened and enhanced the excellent academic programs for which Cal State Fullerton has always been known. As that plan comes to completion in May 2018, we can proudly point to a 30 percent improvement in six-year graduation rates and a 64 percent improvement in four-year graduation rates for first-time freshmen — both university records. We also succeeded in cutting a historically stubborn achievement gap in half for first-time freshmen (from 12 percent to 6 percent) and completely eliminating it for transfer students (from 6 percent to 0). Annual philanthropic gift commitments nearly tripled, and U.S. News & World Report recently heralded the institution as a top “national university,” rather than a “top regional university,” the far narrower category in which we had been previously ranked.
While it is with mixed emotions that I leave the wonderful and dedicated family who made these and so many other achievements possible, my decision to accept the AASCU presidency stems from my belief that our collaborative work should be shared, implemented and enhanced at state colleges and universities around the nation. I leave knowing I will now be representing hundreds of thousands of students from all walks of life at more than 400 outstanding state colleges and universities who will benefit from our success — a journey I would not have had the opportunity or courage to take without all that I've learned from my Titan family and the love and guidance they now give me as I take this leap. In this way and so many others, Cal State Fullerton is far more than the preeminent path to upward mobility in Orange County; it is the model public comprehensive university of the nation.
Between now and my departure, we will continue to work collaboratively to position the university for even greater success, and I look forward to sharing that success with the hundreds of institutions that look to Cal State Fullerton to see what is possible. With the Titan family, anything is possible, and I am so proud and honored to call myself part of this one, now and forever.
And therein lies yet another popular Cal State Fullerton saying that ranks up there with “Welcome to the Titan family” and “Titans Reach Higher.” I say it every year at commencement, prompting our more than 10,000 graduates to join me in finishing the phrase to the delight of the crowd. It is, of course, “Once a Titan…Always a Titan,” and as I dab my eyes with tissue, I take comfort in understanding its depth and truth.
Abrazos, and keep Reaching Higher!
It should come as no surprise to learn that Pete Santilli, an Internet radio host best known for wishing he could shoot Hillary Clinton “right in the vagina” and helping to organize last year's “Truckers For the Constitution” rally, has spent the last couple of weeks broadcasting live from Cliven Bundy's ranch in Nevada.
Last Friday, Santilli filmed the press conference at which Bundy attempted to explain that his view that black people were better off under slavery isn't racist. After Bundy spoke, Santilli announced that “somehow” the Bureau of Land Management had used the media to “hijack” the press conference by “injecting race and dividing us.”
So, naturally, Santilli decided to confront a local TV reporter who had apparently questioned Bundy on his views about race, drawing the attention of Bundy supporters standing nearby.
“Who do you work for?” Santilli demanded of the reporter, who appears to be Antonio Castelan of Channel 3 New. “Do you believe that the media is state-run?” When Castelan responded that “as a Mexican-American” he didn't think his questioning on race was biased, Santilli hounded him: “Why do you believe you need to inject Mexican-Americanism into your line of questioning?”
“As a Mexican-American you should know that we're defending your rights, and you're working for the state-run media, and you should know that, especially by the bias in the line of your questioning,” he yelled as Castelan walked away, hounded by Bundy supporters. “You're not serving the American public and you do not deserve even First Amendment constitutional rights, sir!”
Later, talking to another reporter, Santilli accused Glenn Beck, who has criticized the Bundy ranch protester, of promoting a “race war” on behalf of the United Nations' Agenda 21. That is surprising, given that Beck has written an entire book warning about the very same Agenda 21 conspiracy theory that he is being accused of promoting.
China Mobile has a total of 770 million mobile service subscribers, accounting for over 60% of China's mobile service market, making the carrier a major force to push 4G services in China. Initially, users looking for 4G are more likely to buy high-end smartphones from international brands. Apple, which began to promote its 4G-enabled iPhones in China in cooperation with China Mobile in mid-January 2014, thus became the biggest winner in the race for 4G smartphone sales in China in the first quarter.
Shipments of smartphones in the China market in general declined 6.4% sequentially in the first quarter of 2014 as consumers delayed plans for the purchase of new phones or replacements.
In terms of shipment volume, Samsung Electronics ranked the top smartphone vendor (combined 3 and 4G) in China in terms of shipment volume in the first quarter of 2014, followed by Apple, Xiaomi Technology and Coolpad, according to a new DigiTimes Research report.
About Making Comments on our Site: Patently Apple reserves the right to post, dismiss or edit any comments. Comments are reviewed daily from 4am to 7pm PST and sporadically over the weekend.
Everything that comes with a relationship can be counted — in years, losses, gains, money, friends, family. The end of a marriage deserves an accounting. The numbers matter. We had been married 27 years. Two sons. Four houses. Thirty Christmases. The list does not have an end. Sometimes, emerging from a divorce, it takes a while for things to add up.
Three years ago, when I was 56, I suggested to my husband that he move out of our house in New Jersey. Our marriage had been faltering for years. As he was settling into his new apartment in Manhattan, he called. He was struggling. He said that he didn't want a divorce. He was sorry for his part in our breakup. It was October; he promised that we, and our two sons, would still spend that Christmas together as a family. We pledged that we would always be friends, and our family would survive. We would stay separated for a year and, somehow, together, figure out this whole thing.
Five months after our pledge, and six months into our separation, my husband called. It still wasn't unusual for him to call me. We spoke every few days. We even met for dinner or a drink on occasion. After a few minutes, as we were about to hang up, he told me that he was "seeing someone."
"Seeing someone." Two words that splintered my head into speechlessness, followed by a dizzying internal stream of, What about "Our family would survive"? What about "We'll always be friends"? What about "We'll get through this together"?
I sputtered into the phone:
"Who is she?"
"You're seeing someone?"
"Are we supposed to be dating?"
"What about me?"
"What about us?"
"How old is she?"
"Are you getting married?"
"What if she wants kids?"
"Who is she?"
My ex-husband is a business executive. He runs meetings. When I paused to catch my breath, he answered every question with purpose.
She was 39 or 40. (He was my age.) She was "very successful." He told me where she worked. He said he would always be in my life. "Nothing has changed."
He said he would never be with anyone "who didn't understand this."
And: "I told her I have two sons in their twenties, and I don't want any more kids."
Three months after that phone call, and nine months into what had become a separation that was now laying bricks on the road to divorce, it was time, according to friends and family, to "put yourself out there." "Maybe go online." "See someone!"
One girlfriend had started a profile for me on eHarmony. It took two weeks for me to bite — a solitary Friday night, over wine, when I was feeling especially feisty and brave. So I named myself Isabella on my eHarmony profile, put up a year-old headshot, and watched half in fascination, half in horror as eHarmony's computerized compatibility matrix churned out a slew of Santa Claus look-alikes — some on Harleys. (Not my type.) But eventually one stood out — a 59-year-old IT guy from Manhattan. We agreed to meet for dinner in my suburban town one July night. I wore my favorite black dress with the cool belt. It was my first date in over 30 years.
We sat at a table by the door, across from a misplaced water sculpture. We politely bantered back and forth about how each of us ended up middle-aged and single. We picked at tuna and scallops, washed down with wine for him and vodka for me. We talked about our jobs. He said this was his first date in a while. He told me he practiced Buddhism, and he said at a few points that I had good energy.
I wasn't feeling it. What I was feeling was tangled. Absurd. Inept. I didn't want to be there anymore.
While we were eating our way through 30 seconds of awkward nothing, I asked:
"So, you're holding a baby in one of your profile pictures. Is that a granddaughter?"
"No," he said. "I don't have any grandchildren. That's my niece's daughter."
He did have one daughter, he continued. She was 40. And she had no kids — was the kind who would hug them, and then be happy to give them back to their parents, he said.
"Wow," I said. "What's it like to have a child in her forties at 59?"
He said she was born when he was 19, and he was in and out of her life until she was older. Their relationship was less of a father and daughter, and more "an adult relationship." They were friends.
He tossed around some loving adjectives to describe her. She was "very successful." He told me where she worked. She was, he explained, dating an older man.
As my date continued to talk about his daughter, I half-listened. We really didn't have anything in common. He continued to tell me that, "about three or four years ago, when she was around 36 — she's 40 now, and will be 41 in December," she asked him how he would feel about her "dating a man who was almost his age."
I nodded, while swirling my scallop in sauce. I looked up. I didn't think much of what he was saying. Until he said, "He told her that he didn't want any more kids; he already had two sons in their twenties."
My brain clicked, my breath was stuck, and my stomach was walloped with a pang of odd familiarity. My head tilted. It took me a minute to find my voice.
"Is your daughter's name Michelle?" I asked him, fully expecting him to answer with, "No, it's Karen." Or Danielle. Or Tiffany.
"You know my daughter?" he asked.
My head shook sideways. My face crinkled. I lost my fork.
"Is her boyfriend's name Jim?"
His expression discombobulated into complete bewilderment. Not a word came out of his mouth. I came out of my body. The room became a blur of scurrying waiters, and all I could hear was the water recycling through its bad sculpture.
"I think... your daughter...is dating... my husband."
My head sunk. My hands were clenched.
"Your. Daughter. Is. Dating. My. Husband."
And then what he had said earlier hit me: His daughter came to him about the older man she was dating "about three or four years ago." Three or four years ago. My husband and I had separated less than one year ago. We were already a cliché. Now we were a soap opera.
I chugged my martini in record time. My date, who was not a drinker, more of a sipper, poured his wine to the back of his throat. I ordered another.
We finished dinner, stupefied; our heads shaking simultaneously. We were not sure where to take the conversation, beyond different ways of saying: "What are the chances?"
"In the millions," I thought.
We ended our date, said good-bye, and I drove home and sat outside on a concrete step just beyond my back door until the sun came up. My body was frozen in place; my mind was reeling round and round over my whole life. About how the undoing of my marriage, and the cracks, came early on. That we were a couple that friends often called mismatched — the whole "opposites attract" thing; we often battled — and how my husband and I had been on a long, circuitous sleepwalk to somewhat separate lives for decades. Our disagreements, or arguments, were emotionally brutal — I was usually a devastated, dilapidated, wet mess; he was always resigned. We often threatened to end it, but we were all words, no action. Since separating, we still had to figure out how to untie an old familiar knot.
Get the biggest rugby stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you applied the old adage about what isn't broken doesn't need to be fixed, you could make a strong case for Warren Gatland's management team remaining intact for the foreseeable future.
Nevertheless, at the end of a World Cup there is always the whiff of change in the air, and you don't need a sensitive nose to detect it around the present Wales camp.
WRU chairman Gareth Davies has said Gatland will be the one to decide whether his back-room team stays the same, is tinkered with, or subjected to wholesale change. That's assuming nobody leaves of their own accord, of course.
Read more: 'It's so unfair... No other referee has had this!' Aussie boss Michael Cheika condemns treatment of Craig Joubert
Read more: The World Cup final referee: Who are the men in contention to oversee rugby's biggest game?
Davies added that throughout the World Cup he thought the New Zealander had done some “really good work to be perfectly honest”.
Hardly a ringing endorsement, but then again you don't sense there is much of a relationship between Davies and Gatland as yet.
That may have to improve if the head coach is indeed going to be the one calling the shots on the make-up of his staff.
It is an inconvenient time for the two most powerful men in the Welsh game to be confronting the issue of who stays and who goes – if anyone.
The WRU leadership is in the midst of a hand-over, with chief executive Roger Lewis leaving at the end of the week to make way for his successor Martyn Phillips.
Read more: Which Wales star was missed most at the World Cup and who'll be back for the Six Nations?
Read more: Warren Gatland, Joe Schmidt or Vern Cotter? Who's in pole position to lead the 2017 Lions in New Zealand?
Whether Phillips ends up boasting the same kind of clout Lewis did remains to be seen, but he and Davies – who has himself only been chairman for a year – may need to find their bearings before rubber-stamping fresh contracts.
Trouble is, with the Six Nations just three and a half months away time is of the essence.
So at this stage, just what does the future look like for the Wales team management?
Warren Gatland
It will be a relief to 99% of the Welsh rugby public that Gatland has shown no inclination to depart early from his post.
He is contracted until the end of the 2019 World Cup and clearly has designs on leading the Lions again in his homeland of New Zealand in 2017.
What's more, after his success in Australia in 2013, and a World Cup campaign that has overwhelmingly drawn plaudits, he is currently favourite to get a second bite at the role.
Read more: Referee Craig Joubert was wrong, but hysterical reaction to Scotland's Australian defeat has been out of order
All this of course is to assume that Davies and Phillips are as amenable, if the Lions do come calling again, to him having time off from his day job as Roger Lewis and David Pickering were.
If the new men in charge were to try and block him from another Lions jaunt, I wouldn't be surprised to see Gatland walk.
But that's an issue for further down the track.
The most encouraging thing is that Gatland has dismissed ongoing links with the England job. And let's face it, it would be extraordinarily awkward for him to go there straight from Wales.
(Image: Huw Evans Picture Agency)
For now, Gatland must sort out his coaching henchmen and work on developing a good working relationship with his new bosses.
He got on well with Lewis, but then he was Lewis' appointment.
Gatland will be greeted by a new WRU sign when he reports back to work ahead of the Six Nations: Under New Management.
Shaun Edwards
Out of contract within the next fortnight and, like Gatland, Edwards has been linked with a move to the England set-up when – and surely it is just a matter of time – the current Red Rose set-up is disbanded.
It's a logical suggestion, but most Welsh fans would recoil at the idea of losing Edwards with the defensive operation of the national team so watertight.
Would Gatland recoil though? It's a moot point.
You could describe these two as the Brian Clough and Peter Taylor of rugby such has been their success as a double-act.
But my view is that Gatland could take or leave Edwards, however the situation unfolds.
The former rugby league star is a brilliant coach, but he also has his eccentricities, his own way of working.
There have been whispers some in the Wales group were peeved when he brought up his future at a press conference following the heroic victory against Ireland in last season's Six Nations.
My understanding is there were those who felt discussing his personal situation on the back of such an outstanding collective effort was poor form.
The episode has long been water under the bridge but Gatland has already shown us he doesn't see Edwards as the be-all-and-end-all, having omitted him from his 2013 Lions coaching party.
He took Andy Farrell instead. What price Farrell switching from England to Wales? Stranger things have happened.
Whether Edwards himself wants to stay will obviously be a huge factor.
You may think he would have potential suitors hammering down his door. You may be surprised.
If he were to express a desire for a change, I don't envisage Gatland trying to talk him out of it.
(Image: Getty Images)
Rob Howley
The former Lions scrum-half has a contract that takes him to the end of the tour to New Zealand next summer and it seems the only way he will go anywhere is if Gatland goes and takes Howley with him. It's a very unlikely scenario.
As attack coach Howley will not be at all surprised to have received some stick over a perceived lack of creativity in the Wales side.
And yet he is a terrific coach. Passionate, organised, meticulous, knowledgeable, and these days boasting of a track record that commands respect.
I know of no inclination on Gatland's part to dispense with him or any desire on Howley's part to seek pastures new.
Even were he to be offered a No.1's position at a top club, I'm not sure Howley would ditch the security of his current post.
Robin McBryde
Another whose contract is soon up and another who has had his critics during his time with Wales.
However, McBryde is very well thought of among the players and Gatland has been fiercely loyal to him from the word go.
McBryde is a personable sort of fellow who has grown as a coach since the rawness of his early days, and yet he could be vulnerable.
Rightly or wrongly, the problems Wales had at scrum time in the World Cup many people will largely lay at his door.
(Image: Huw Evans Picture Agency)
You wonder whether McBryde would benefit from time spent working with one of the regions. You wonder whether, deep down, Gatland feels there is a need for someone else in this department.
The New Zealander may well wait for McBryde to get fixed elsewhere before making any move. If he makes a move at all, that is.
But the strides Australia, for example, have made under the stewardship of former Argentina hooker Mario Ledesma does make you wonder whether it's time Wales brought in a scrum doctor of world repute.
(Image: Getty Images)
Neil Jenkins
As an employee of the WRU it's not so much about an expiring contract with Jenkins, but if Gatland believed he wasn't cutting the mustard as kicking coach he could ease him out of the door in terms of working with the national squad.
There are no signs of that happening mind you, and no indications that Jenkins isn't doing a fine job.
Wales has the best goalkicker in the world in Leigh Halfpenny, and arguably the second best in Dan Biggar.
(Image: Huw Evans Picture Agency)
Their extraordinary strike-rates are in large part down to their own work ethic but Jenkins, a metronome of renown in his playing days, has to take credit too.
There was a time when the kicking from hand among the squad was so poor you wondered whether they were taking to the field with pieces of Toblerone stuck to their laces.
But under Jenkins it has improved manifestly, even accounting for the fact that some members of the Welsh back-line are never going to boast kicking prowess.
Paul Stridgeon
Wales' head of physical performance was appointed on a tournament-by-tournament basis last June and has already worked wonders. Expect him to continue combining this work with his duties at Toulon.
The dreadful number of injuries before and during the World Cup led some to question whether it had anything to do with the way Wales had prepared physically for the tournament.
(Image: Stu Forster/Getty Images)
The answer has to be a resounding no.
The Welsh players, under Stridgeon's guidance could have done no more. I've not the slightest doubt that no team prepared better for the World Cup in terms of conditioning.
Stridgeon's appointment has been hailed as a coup by players and management colleagues alike.
He's going nowhere.
Editor's note August 3, 2014: TheWrap has made corrections and clarifications to this article, noted in the text below. We regret any confusion on the part of our readers.
Last month the animated movie “Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return” became one of the biggest computer graphic box office flops of all time, and was yanked from most theaters almost immediately.
Last weekend, it made just $36,408.
But according to an investigation by TheWrap, the movie's producers and fundraisers fared far better than the film's investors, who may have collectively lost up to $100 million, while the producers and fundraisers earned tens of millions of dollars, according to SEC filings.
Also read: Lea Michele's ‘Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return' Marks Box-Office Debut for Clarius Entertainment
Alpine Productions, which produced the film, told investors that the film could have massive returns, according to one of those investors, court documents and investment documents obtained by TheWrap. Instead, it grossed $8.8 million worldwide on what the producers told investors was a $70 million production budget.
“Legends of Oz” is based on a book by Roger S. Baum, a descendant of original “Wizard of Oz” author L. Frank Baum, and features a cast of voice actors led by A-list names like Lea Michele, Patrick Stewart, Kelsey Grammer and Hugh Dancy. Directed by animation veterans Dan St. Pierre and Will Finn, and produced by DreamWorks Animation vet Bonne Radford, the movie seems like a conventional Hollywood effort.
Yet an investigation of how the movie was made reveals a far more compelling backstory focused on two brothers who have often run into legal troubles. No fewer than six states issued “cease and desist” letters to companies connected to Ryan and Roland Carroll in an attempt to shut down its fundraising for the film in each state.
Correction and clarification: While some states barred companies connected to the Carrolls from offering securities to investors, other states prohibited the companies from seeking investors in those states unless the companies fully complied with state securities laws. Readers can review various state directives/orders here: California, Alabama, Texas, Washington and Wisconsin. Readers can also view Washington's Statement of Charges.
California fined the Carrolls and Alpine Pictures $100,000 in 2011 and required the company to refund investors $589,000, according to state documents.
“Their business model is based on raising money and taking a percentage. They never show anything to anybody,” an insider who worked on the production said, speaking of Ryan and Roland Carroll, now operating respectively as the president and CEO of Summertime Entertainment. “Money just shifts around and they write things up. They line their pockets, they think they're businessmen.”
But in an interview with TheWrap Ryan Carroll said: “I'm not responsible for bringing investors aboard, and I never was. It's an independently made movie that was privately financed with a great deal of effort and a project that I'm very proud of.”
Also read: Hollywood's Come-to-Jesus Moment: Inside the Latest Rise of Faith-Driven Movies
When the Carrolls began raising money for the film in 2006, they were running a company called Alpine Productions, which had previously made several low budget films. The brothers already had a history of questionable fundraising activities dating back to at least 1993, when the state of Oregon sent them a cease and desist letter that accused the Carrolls of selling unregistered securities while operating a company called Carroll Media, Inc. Their next decade was littered with cease and desist orders and fines, in states such as California, Wisconsin, Utah, Michigan, and Illinois.
One of their earlier films, “Lord Protector,” was investigated by the SEC in 1997 for allegedly misrepresenting the budget in order to pay actors the SAG minimum.
The brothers initially sought $20 million to produce an animated sequel to “The Wizard of Oz,” Ryan Carroll told TheWrap. Operating under the name Dorothy of Oz, LLC. with a man named Neil Kaufman serving as the managing partner, they sold stock for $1 a share, requiring a minimum $20,000 investment.
Originally, the film was intended to be a straight-to-DVD movie, but Ryan Carroll told TheWrap that the company decided that their best chance to compete with other animated films was to release it in theaters across the country.
Ryan Carroll said fundraising is “not really what I do. I option the books and I oversaw the production. It wasn't my responsibility to put the funding together, that's a separate entity. We're a production company. There's an LLC [Limited Liability Company] which is Emerald City of Oz, and that was their responsibility to put the funding together, but that wasn't what I worked on.”
Also read: The Most and Least Liked Summer Movie Actresses – Jennifer Lawrence, Angelina Jolie, Mila Kunis, Shailene Woodley
However, multiple investment documents and state cease and desist orders link the Carrolls to companies fund-raising for the film.
Neil Kaufman, the managing member of Dorothy of Oz LLC, is listed as an executive producer at Summertime Entertainment, Carroll's company, on his own LinkedIn page. In court documents from California, Kaufman was listed as a salesperson for Alpine in addition to his role at Dorothy of Oz LLC. In addition, Dorothy of Oz LLC headquarters were at the same address of the former headquarters of Summertime (then Alpine) in Burbank. Emerald City of Oz LLC succeeded Dorothy as the main fundraising vehicle, according to the production insider.
Though they claimed to only sell stock to accredited investors, some shares in the Dorothy of Oz LLC were sold to investors who did not satisfy these requirements through cold call solicitation, according to government records from multiple states issuing cease and desist orders. Under exceptions to the typical regulations applicable to fundraising, individuals with liquid assets above a defined threshold and with experience in investing in expensive and risky ventures may be solicited as investors in what are known as private placements.
Also read: The Most and Least Liked Summer Movie Actors – Tom Cruise, Vin Diesel, Morgan Freeman, Channing Tatum
In 2010 the fundraisers began pitching under the name Emerald City of Oz LLC, which was registered in Delaware.
Florida businessman Greg Centineo, who had owned a coffee shop and previously worked in real estate, became heavily involved in fundraising for “Legends of Oz” in 2007. According to the insider involved with the production and a source with knowledge of the fundraising, Centineo began throwing fundraising parties to solicit investors. According to multiple sources, many of these investors were unaccredited.
In an interview with TheWrap, Centineo denied that his investors were unaccredited.
At the parties and other presentations, a PowerPoint was shown to potential investors, which TheWrap has obtained.
In the presentation, they projected anywhere from $720 million to $2.04 billion gross revenue on film content alone (theatrical, home video and cable), and for the franchise, which included merchandising and sequels, to have a return on investment from 324 percent on the low end to a high of 1,180 percent.
Only in a small margin at the bottom of the final page of the presentation's projection section was there any acknowledgment of the riskiness of the venture, and the individuals close to the project told TheWrap that many investors had little grasp of the risk that they were taking, statements backed by court documents.
See photos: 27 Summer Movie Actors Ranked by Popularity (Photos)
According to the cease and desist from Washington State, “at least one Washington investor received profit projections forecasting a minimum return on investment of 162 percent,” and “also received materials featuring the covers of DVDs of highly successful animated films such as ‘Toy Story,' ‘Finding Nemo,' and ‘The Incredibles.'”
This story is repeated in many other court orders and legal filings, including in the states of Texas, Alabama, and California, where Alpine was found to be violating a 2009 cease and desist in 2011. The state filings note that the securities were unregistered, as were the salespeople.
Centineo, however, says that he was very clear with the people he was pitching that they could lose their entire investments, and that projections were based on a formula that he declined to specify.
See photos: 23 Summer Movie Actresses Ranked by Popularity (Photos)
Potential investors were encouraged to send money via personal check, wire transfer, or even investing through their 401K and retirement plans, according to the Washington legal documents.
Others, including those that Centineo signed up, came through referrals.
Despite the Carroll's denial of “Oz” fundraising, the brothers are also operators of the First National Information Network, an investor lead and phone solicitation company that maintained an office at 3500 West Magnolia Blvd. in Burbank, the same place where Dorothy of Oz LLC was once located.
Clarification: The Carrolls told TheWrap that they sold First National Information Network in 2000 and they deny being involved in its operations since that time.
Also read: Hollywood Dumps Diversity (Again): White Men Directed 90 Percent of This Year's Summer Movies
That number was cited as the one calling potential investors.
Based on SEC filings, the fundraisers ultimately raised $103 million from solicitations and road show presentations for the proposed franchise by two companies, Dorothy of Oz, LLC and Emerald City of Oz LLC.
See video: Pink Sings ‘Somewhere Over The Rainbow' in ‘Wizard of Oz' Tribute
SEC filings show that a “management fee” of $5.28 million (22 percent on $33 million raised) was taken by the managers of Dorothy of Oz, LLC; another SEC filing shows Emerald City of Oz, LLC nearly at its goal of $77 million, with $17 million (22 percent) already being taken for the company in those management fees. Of that 22 percent taken from both Dorothy and Emerald City, 15 percent went to commissions for people who found and sold to investors; one percent went to the managing partner; and the rest was taken for LLC expenses.
In addition, another 20 percent in production fees was claimed from each LLC by company executives on top of the 22 percent, which Ryan Carroll said was used “to keep the lights on.”
The movie opened May 9, playing in 2,658 theaters. Its distributor, Clarius Entertainment, projected that it would make somewhere in the low teen millions that opening weekend; instead, it earned roundly negative reviews — it sits at 16 percent on Rotten Tomatoes right now — and set the all-time record for worst opening weekend for a wide-release animated movie, making just $3.7 million.
Correction: At least one other wide-release animated movie had a worse opening weekend box-office, making “Legends of Oz: Dorothy's Return,” one of the biggest computer graphic box office flops of all time.
In the weeks since, the film has taken in just $8.8 million worldwide, and played in only 52 American theaters last weekend.
Going forward, Carroll says that they will continue to pursue the virtual world and various phone apps — releasing one every two months starting in September, he promised — and plan to try to turn the “Legends of Oz” franchise into a television series.
Despite the dismal box office, Carroll continued to sell the virtues of his project.
“It may be a longer, more difficult road, and we still have a lot of challenges in front of us,” he said, “but nothing is lost.”
Michael Rich and Pamela Chelin contributed to this report.
[Updated at 1:04 p.m. ET] The U.S. Marine Corps plans to allow a yet-undetermined number of female volunteers to enroll in the school that trains its infantry combat officers, the Marine Corps Times has reported.
The plan to open the Infantry Officers Course to women is part of the service's effort to determine which additional jobs may be open to women in the future, Gen. Joseph Dunford, the Marines' assistant commandant, told the Marine Corps Times.
"We are in the process right now of soliciting volunteers," Dunford told the Times for a story published Wednesday.
Enlisted women also eventually will have a chance to take infantry training, Dunford told the Times, which reported that it wasn't yet clear what path the women who complete the training would follow.
The decision to open the school to female volunteers is part of a research plan implemented after Congress directed the Marines to review their policies on assigning women to ground combat elements, Capt. Kevin Schultz, a Marines spokesman, told CNN on Thursday.
“The Marine Corps has initiated a measured, deliberate and responsible research effort in order to provide the commandant with meaningful data so that he can make a fact-based recommendation to the senior leadership of (the Defense Department) and Congress,” Schultz said.
Under a 1994 U.S. military policy, women are restricted from formally serving in small ground units directly involved in combat. The reality of the last 10 years of war, however, has been that many women serve in support positions - such as military police or medics - that place them in harm's way. They are not formally assigned to combat units, but rather informally "attached," which means they do not get the crucial credit for combat duty that is needed for promotions to higher grades.
Over the last several years, advocates as well as some senior U.S. military commanders have increasingly called for more ground combat jobs to be open to women, Starr reported.
Earlier this year, CNN's Barbara Starr reported that the Pentagon was planning to open up nearly 14,000 jobs to military women - jobs that would place them closer to the front lines of combat.
Some of the newly opened jobs were to include specialties such as tank or artillery mechanic, missile launcher crew members and field surgeons in forward deployed brigade combat teams. However, women still would not be permitted in frontline jobs directly involved in combat such as infantry units or counterterrorism sniper teams.
The Marine Corps Times also reported that the Marines are developing "gender-neutral" physical fitness tests for combat tasks. Such requirements would not differ for men and women, and would suggest that women who wanted to perform such tasks must prove that they could do so at the level of their male counterparts, the Times reported.
Wanted: Women in top military roles
When we reviewed the Amazon Echo last year, we hailed it as the best home-based voice-controlled product at the consumer level. It's become even more versatile and powerful since then. It can control your home's smart lighting, lock your smart lock, play music, provide weather forecasts, order a pizza, and more. This affordable, always-on personal assistant can manage not only your home, but much of your digital life. It's so useful, we predicted many folks would want more than one Echo in their home.
Fast forward a year and the Echo is a bona fide hit. So it's no surprise that Amazon developed a less-expensive follow-up: The Amazon Tap, a smaller, battery-powered, and portable version. Like the Echo, it comes with a built-in speaker. More importantly, the Tap is powered by Amazon's cloud-based, voice-activated digital assistant, Alexa, which is constantly gaining new features.
The Tap, unfortunately, suffers from a major flaw that keeps it from being the little taste of the future that characterizes its older, more-expensive sibling. In short, we can't recommend it.
What is it?
The Amazon Tap is a portable battery-powered Bluetooth speaker and portal to Amazon's powerful Alexa virtual assistant.
The Tap measures 6.2 tall and 2.6 inches in diameter, and it weighs 16 ounces. It's light and compact enough that I didn't think twice about tossing it in my backpack. I wasn't worried about damaging it, even without its optional $20 silicone Sling case. It's a sturdy, well-built piece of hardware. On the go, you can charge the Tap via micro USB cable. At home, you can plunk it on top of its charging base (but you'll need to remove the Sling, first). Amazon says that a full charge will yield you about nine hours of use. I found this estimate to be pretty accurate.
The Tap's volume, track controls, and status lights are on the top of the device. A button for getting Alexa's attention is on the front (more on that later). There's a mini-USB charging port, an auxiliary input jack, and power and pairing buttons on the back of its cylindrical body.
Seamus Bellamy The Tap can be connected to your Wi-Fi network or tethered to your smartphone or tablet. You can also stream music to it via Bluetooth.
The pairing button serves two functions: a single push puts the Tap into Bluetooth-pairing mode. Hold the button down for five seconds, and you can connect the Tap to your Wi-Fi network (you can also tether the device to a tablet or smartphone. You'll need a connection to the internet in order to use Alexa.) Pairing the Tap with my iPhone SE couldn't have been easier. After downloading the Amazon Alexa app, I was guided through the setup process by on-screen and audio prompts in less than five minutes.
Its biggest shortcoming
Unlike Amazon's Echo, which allows for hands-free voice interaction with Alexa, you must physically push the Tap's microphone before you can ask Alexa to turn on the Hue lights in your living room, to give you a weather forecast, to play your favorite Amazon Prime Music playlist, or to do any of the other things that make Alexa so fun and useful.
The ability to accomplish such tasks using nothing more than your voice is one of the Echo's principal attractions. It's something we've dreamed of since the earliest science-fiction stories. Needing to push a button before uttering your request? That's like Scotty mistaking a mouse for a microphone needed to control that old Mac in Star Trek IV.
Seamus Bellamy Unlike the Echo, the Tap requires a button-push to get Alexa's attention.
Performance as a Bluetooth speaker
After listening to a wide range of music, I found that the Tap performed best at low to mid volume. Push the volume any higher and you'll start to hear distortion. In fact, I found the music I listened to on the Tap even at middling audio levels lacked the kind of aural separation that makes me happy. “Low Life,” from the X Ambassadors' album VHS, is a low-end heavy track. The Tap couldn't breathe life into the music. Bruce Springsteen's “Working on the Highway,” from Born in the USA, fared a little better. I chanced turning it up about 70 percent of my iPad Pro's maximum volume. Unfortunately, when I did so, I was found that the Tap made the song sound strained and muddy.
Seamus Bellamy The Amazon Tap in its optional $20 silicon Sling Case, which has a loop for attaching it to a carabiner or backpack strap.
Should you buy one?
Amazon pitches the Tap as an “Alexa-enabled portable Bluetooth speaker;” in other words, a mobile Echo. It's not. Without hands-free access to Alexa, and with even more lackluster audio capabilities, the Tap is more of a digital curiosity than a virtual necessity. If you want to bring Alexa into your home, spend the extra money on the Amazon Echo. You'll be much happier with your investment.
“Even after we've parted, do not forget. Advance in life, make a name for yourself, continue to strive even more. Now it's time to go our separate ways, come, let us say farewell.”
OR: A 19th century graduation song.
aogeba toutoshi waga shi no on
oshie no niwa ni mo haya ikutose
omoeba ito toshi kono toshi tsuki
ima koso wakareme iza saraba
My utmost gratitude to my esteemed teachers
I have spent various years already within this garden of learning
When I recall the time spent here, it seems to have flown by so fast
Now the time has come to go our separate ways, come, let us say farewell
tagai ni mutsumishi higoro no on
wakaruru nochi ni mo yayo wasuruna
mi wo tate na wo age yayo hagame yo
ima koso wakareme iza saraba
My gratitude towards my classmates, getting along and supporting each other day after day
Even after we've parted, do not forget
Advance in life, make a name for yourself, continue to strive even more
Now the time has come to go our separate ways, come, let us say farewell
asayuu nare ni shi manabi no mado
hotaru no tomoshi hi tsumu shirayuki
wasururu mazonaki yuku toshi tsuki
ima koso wakareme iza saraba
I've grown accustomed to sitting by these schoolhouse windows from morning to evening
Studying diligently despite all adversity*
I cannot forget the days spent here
Now the time has come to go our separate ways, come, let us say farewell
*This is literally “light of the fireflies, piling white snow.” It refers less to seasons (as I'd originally thought) than to arduous work, since it is an old Japanese expression based off an old Chinese expression, 囊萤映雪, which means “studying by the light of fireflies and reflected snow”. It has its origins with two separate officials, Che Yin and Sun Kang, who rose from poverty and passed the difficult civil servant exams despite their economic difficulties by studying nonstop. Although studying all day was easy enough, studying at night in the dark was impossible (as neither could afford lamp oil). Che Yin studied by catching fireflies in a silk bag and using their light. Sun Kang studied outside in the cold using the moonlight reflected on the snow. As a result, this expression means “studying diligently in spite of any obstacles.”
Edit: Since this song uses classical Japanese, a lot of modern-day speakers (especially the students who could/should be singing it!) don't understand the lyrics. Although this song has been around for two centuries or so, its usage has dwindled as more and more schools opt to use more modern, understandable songs. The Sakura Gakuin members not only covered this song, they studied and “translated” the song into their own words, personalizing it for their fans. This modern translation got included in the dance shot video, which was available only until March 8th on the streaming video site GYAO!. I'd given up on finding it until Shadeslayr left a comment in Disqus below linking to reddit user 2zko's translation of both the classical lyrics and the girls'. After further hunting, I found the video in Youtube and ended up tweaking my “hotaru no tomoshi hi, tsumu shirayuki” line. tldr; Thank you Shadeslayr, 2zko, and Sakura Gakuin for help on the translation. :D
In this article I will show how common scenarios of using dependency injection in Angular 1 can be implemented in Angular 2.
Let's Start with a Simple Component
Let's start by implementing a simple login component.
Now, the same component implemented in Angular 2.
Experienced developers know that coupling of the login component to the login service is problematic. It is hard to test this component in isolation. And it also makes it less reusable. If we have two applications, with two login services, we will not be able to reuse our login component.
We can remedy it by monkey patching the system loader, so we can replace the login service, but this is not the right solution. We have a fundamental problem with our design, which dependency injection can help us fix.
Using Dependency Injection
We can solve our problem by injecting an instance of LoginService into the constructor instead of creating it directly.
Now, we need to tell the framework how to create an instance of the service.
All right, let's port this example to Angular 2.
As with Angular 1, we need to tell the framework how to create the service. In Angular 2 we can do it by adding the service to the list of providers.
NgModule is the “default” place to configure dependency injection providers. In this example a single instance of the login service will be created, and it will be available for the login component and any of its descendants.
Scoping DI to a Component Subtree
Dependency injection in Angular 2 is more flexible. Sometimes you don't want to the service to be available for all the components bootstrapped from a module. Rather you would like it be scoped to a particular subtree. You can do that by adding a provider to the directive or component decorators.
In this example, the AppPart component makes LoginService available for itself and all its descendants, including the login component. An instance of the login service will be created next to the App component. So if multiple children depend on it, all of them will get the same instance.
We separated the two concerns: the login component now depends on some abstract login service, and the app module creates a concrete implementation of the service. As a result, the login component no longer cares what implementation of the login service it will get. This means that we can test our component in isolation. And we can use it in multiple applications.
Note, that Angular 1 relies on strings to configure dependency injection. Angular 2 by default uses type annotations, but there is a way to fall back on strings when more flexibility is required.
Using Different Login Service
We can configure our application to use another implementation of the login service.
Configuring Login Service
One of the great things about dependency injection is that we do not have to worry about the dependencies of our dependencies. The login component depends on the login service, but it does not need to know what the service itself depends upon.
Let's say the service requires some configuration object. In Angular 1, it can be done as follows:
Now, the Angular 2 version:
Injecting the Component's Element
There is often a need for a component to interact with its DOM element. This is how it can be done in Angular 1:
Angular 2 does a much better job here. It uses the same dependency injection mechanism to inject the element into the component's constructor.
Injecting Other Directives
It is also quite common to have multiple directives working together. For instance, if you have an implementation of tabs and panes, the tab component will need to know about the pane components.
This is how it can be done in Angular 1.
We use the “require” property to get access to the “tab” controller.
And, once again, Angular 2 does a better job here.
But we can do even better than that! Instead of panes registering themselves with the closest tab, the tab component can get the list of panes using the ContentChildren decorator.
Query takes care of many of the problems developers face when implementing this in Angular 1:
The panes are always in order.
The QueryList will notify the tab component about changes.;
There is no need for Pane to know about Tab. The Pane component is easier to test and reuse.
Single API
Angular 1 has several APIs for injecting dependencies into directives. Who hasn't been confused by the difference between “factory”, “service”, “provider”, “constant” and “value”? Some objects are injected by position (e.g., element), some by name (e.g., LoginService). Some dependencies are always provided (e.g., element in link), some have to be configured using “require”, and some are configured using parameter names.
Angular 2 provides a single API for injecting services, directives, and elements. All of them get injected into the component's constructor. As a result, there is a lot less API to learn. And your components are much easier to test.
But how does it work? How does it know what element to inject when a component asks for one? The way it works is as follows:
The framework builds a tree of injectors that matches the DOM.
<tab><pane title=”one”></pane><pane title=”two”></pane></tab>
The matching injector tree:
Injector matching <tab>
|
|__Injector matching <pane title=”one”>
|
|__Injector matching <pane title=”two”>
Since there is an injector for every DOM element, the framework can provide contextual or local information, such as an element, attributes, or nearby directives.
This is how the dependency resolution algorithm works.
So if Pane depends on Tab, Angular will start by checking if the pane element happens to have an instance of Tab. If it does not, it will check the parent's element. It will repeat the process until either it finds an instance of Tab or it reaches the root injector.
You can point to any element on the page, and by using ngProbe get its injector. You can also see an element's injector when an exception is thrown.
I know that it may seem a little bit complicated, but the truth is Angular 1 already has a similar mechanism. You can inject nearby directives using “require”. But this mechanism is undeveloped in Angular 1, and that is why we cannot not fully take advantage of it.
Angular 2 takes this mechanism to its logical conclusion. And turns out we do not need the other mechanisms any more.
Advanced Examples
So far, we have looked at examples that worked in both Angular 1 and Angular 2. Now, I want to show you a few advanced examples that just cannot be expressed in Angular 1.
Optional Dependencies
To mark a dependency as optional, use the Optional decorator.
Controlling Visibility
You can be more specific where you want to get dependencies from. For instance, you can ask for another directive on the same element.
Or you can ask for a directive in the same template.
Providing Two Implementations of the Same Service
Since Angular 1 has only one injector object, you cannot have two implementations of LoginService in the same app. In Angular 2, where every element has an injector, this is not a problem.
The services and directives created under SubApp1 will use CustomPaymentService1, and the ones created under SubApp2 will use CustomPaymentService2, even though all of them declare a dependency on PaymentService.
Summary
Dependency injection is one of the core parts of Angular 2.
It allows you to depend on interfaces, not concrete types.
This results in more decoupled code.
This improves testability.
Angular 2 has one API for injecting dependencies into components.
Dependency injection in Angular 2 is more powerful.
Read More
A Vermont man has been apprehended on criminal charges after his failure to spell correctly gave him away to police.
Adam Hall, 34, is accused of vandalizing his ex-girlfriend's car by bending the license plate frame and scratching the word "sult" into the hood, according to a Bennington, Vt., police affidavit. Hall's former girlfriend, Brittany Speckman, and police believe that Hall was trying to spell the word "slut."
After Speckman discovered the vandalism, she notified police that she thought Hall was the perpetrator. Hall had allegedly been saying bad things about Speckman the night before the vandalism to one of Speckman's friends at a bar, the document states. The pair had broken up a month earlier, and Speckman was dating someone new, according to the court papers.
Police called Hall into the station and issued him a citation. Hall denied any involvement with the vandalism, but when asked to write the sentence "You are a slut," on a piece of paper, Hall wrote "You are a sult," instead. The misspelling matched that of the vandalism.
Hall is charged with unlawful mischief.
The election of Donald Trump is sending markets into a frenzy of greed and irrationality that could end up in a rerun of the 1929 stock market crash, warns a prominent Nobel-winning economist.
Robert Shiller — the “Shiller” in the Case Shiller Home Price Index — told an audience at the World Economic Forum that Trump's election is a “horrible nightmare” that could result in a new nuclear arms race.
Trump's election is also creating an economic “narrative” that is pushing markets to be unreasonably optimistic about future prospects, Shiller said.
A TV news report shows U.S. President-elect Donald Trump as prices on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange spike in reaction to the news Trump had defeated Hillary Clinton in November 2016. (Photo: Alex Kraus/Bloomberg via Getty Images)
“Trump is a phenomenal motivational speaker. He may not be my taste, but he is telling people that it is alright to flaunt your wealth, that it is OK to do whatever you want,” Shiller said, as quoted at The Daily Telegraph.
Since the U.S. election in November, the Dow Jones Industrial Average has hit more than a dozen all-time highs, rising some 11.5 per cent and flirting with the psychologically important 20,000 mark.
Bonds have been under intense pressure, because traders believe Trump's era will bring such fast growth that inflation will accelerate substantially for the first time in a decade.
Yale University professor Robert Shiller shared the 2013 Nobel price in economics, for his work on understanding how financial markets work. (Photo: Wendy Carlson/Getty Images)
In a column published Thursday in The Guardian, Shiller suggested that this is a sign of bad times ahead.
“The closest we can come to Trump among former U.S. presidents might be Calvin Coolidge, an extremely pro-business tax cutter,” Shiller wrote, referring to the president who famously declared that “the chief business of the American people is business.”
“The U.S. economy during the Coolidge administration was very successful, but the boom ended badly in 1929, just after Coolidge stepped down, with the stock-market crash and the beginning of the Great Depression,” Shiller wrote.
“During the 1930s, the 1920s were looked upon wistfully, but also as a time of fakery and cheating.”
President Calvin Coolidge (left), Secretary for Treasury Andrew Mellon (middle) and Secretary for Trade Herbert Hoover (right) meet at the White House in 1928, in Washington, DC. (Photo: Keystone-France\Gamma-Rapho via Getty Images)
Shiller admits that the parallel between Coolidge and Trump is “hardly a solid basis for a forecast. Moreover, unlike Trump, both Coolidge and [Treasury Secretary Andrew] Mellon were levelheaded and temperate in their manner.”
Shiller argues that if this crash is coming, it may be a way off yet.
“I think there will be a Trump boom for a while. Stocks look high, but they are not yet super-high. In 2000 the (Cape Shiller) price-earnings ratio was over 45 [just before the dot-com bust] and we may see a repeat of that,” the Telegraph quoted him as saying.
The S&P 500 and NASDAQ stock indices are showing price-earnings ratios of around 25 right now. Although those ratios have been much higher in the past, those heights were only seen in the 1920s and 1990s, before major stock market busts.
“There is a strong narrative to the Great Crash. People saw it as the day of judgment on the 1920s, and I think we could see a repeat of that. The public will reject Trump's policies and what he stands for,” Shiller said.
Also on HuffPost
Pittsburgh City Councilman Dan Gilman has listed expansion of the city's recycling program among his priorities for 2018. (Update: Mayor Bill Peduto announced Tuesday that Gilman would leave his city council post in January to take over as Peduto's chief of staff.)
Gilman laid out four primary objectives: moving from bi-weekly to weekly pickup, providing blue bins to residents, launching an e-waste and hazardous waste recycling program, and increasing the number of recycling receptacles in parks and on city streets.
Gilman said though conversations with the Public Works Department are underway now, the initiatives will take some time to implement.
“It's not going to happen in one year,” Gilman said. “We're going to have to be strategic about where we can find money from corporate partners and foundations and nonprofits. We're going to have to be strategic about what's the most important and going to have the highest rate of success and work together to really look at more of a two, three, four-year plan to roll all these out.”
One of the obstacles to expanding options for recycling in the city is funding, said Gilman.
Recycling Supervisor Kyle Winkler said a robust blue bin program, for example, could cost $2 to $3 million. That's not just the cost of the approximately 120,000 blue bins themselves, Winkler said. It would also include distribution of the bins, special sensors on the trucks to read microchips embedded in the bins that link them to particular addresses, and a back-end interface to help the team understand the data collected.
But Winkler said city-provided blue bins and weekly pickup could end up being cost neutral or even cost-savers in the end if they encourage more people to recycle.
“As we switch over from less landfill (to) more recycling, we'd be able to take more trash trucks out of service and consolidate trash routes,” he said.
The city actually offered weekly pickup when the recycling program first launched under former Mayor Sophie Masloff in the early 1990s, said Winkler. He did not know when exactly the change to bi-weekly pickup was made, but said it was likely due to a lack of participation in the program.
The possibility of offering e-waste and hazardous waste recycling to residents is currently being explored. The city is seeking proposals for a company to offer the service, which varies in cost depending on the type of material. At the high end, it's $.90 per pound for tube televisions.
“There are not a lot of economic drivers for this right now. It's not a winner,” Winkler said. “It certainly would be a huge resource or a value-added resource if the city could make this happen.”
Winkler said putting more recycling receptacles in city parks on streets would also require a significant investment, but that the city wants to “walk the walk” when it comes to recycling. Winkler said city-wide, there is about one recycling can for every ten trash cans; recyclables put into trash receptacles end up in the landfill.
Chief resilience officer Grant Ervin said the proposed initiatives are all part of a broader effort to pursue a zero waste strategy.
“It is a lofty goal, but it's also more of a journey than it is a destination,” Ervin said. “Thinking in terms of zero waste allows us to take a step back and think about how materials could be reused, repurposed or recycled.”
Ervin said the administration is interested in pursuing economic development opportunities around the reuse and remanufacture of recyclable materials.
“The political will is there,” said Ervin, adding that such initiatives could help off-set the cost of expanding recycling in the city.
In addition to the capital budget, Gilman said other financing could come from grants or partnerships with corporations or foundations.
He said recycling as a whole used to be a more lucrative endeavor for the city, but that the value of recyclable materials has fallen over the years.
“We were able to take the money we made in recycling and invest it into the program for many years so that we were able to advance new efforts,” he said. “That revenue stream is gone, so we have to find new revenue streams to make these new advancements.”
(Photo Credit: Beer_Powered / Flickr)
The super vaccine that protects you from all types of flu for LIFE
A super-vaccine that could give permanent protection against all forms of flu is being developed by British doctors.
The once-in-a-lifetime vaccine could do away with the need for an annual jab, according to researchers at Oxford University.
At present, the current jab has to be given every winter to match different circulating strains.
A new flu vaccine could give long-lasting immunity, instead of annual jabs (file picture)
If successful, the new vaccine could be a key weapon against a flu pandemic because stockpiles could be made in advance.
Official estimates of the impact of such a pandemic in Britain show it could lead to 750,000 deaths, with more than six million children affected, including 750,000 under five.
Lead researcher Dr Sarah Gilbert said the vaccine could be used routinely in as little as five years, once tests had been done to ensure its safety and efficacy.
She said a universal vaccine would drastically change the way flu vaccine is used.
'With having to make new vaccine every year, there's never enough to go around,' she said.
'With this vaccine, we could end up having pretty much everyone vaccinated - a situation more like measles, where you don't really need it any more.
'Children would be protected, we'd see economic benefits through reduced sickness in people of working age, and the elderly, who respond less well to vaccination, would be better off through lack of exposure to flu.'
Dr Gilbert added: 'The current approach to influenza vaccination is unsatisfactory for use against seasonal influenza, and of little use when new types of flu begin to infect humans from birds.
'It leaves manufacturers with a few months to produce the necessary stocks, the vaccine has to be administered to at risk populations within a short time window, and those receiving the injection will all have to be vaccinated again the following year.'
The latest approach follows successful tests of another universal vaccine by scientists at Cambridge biotech firm Acambis.
Trials on healthy adults in the U.S. showed the jab is safe, causing no side effects other than the occasional red arm and high temperature associated with all vaccines.
The trials found that after two doses a month apart, it worked fast to prime the immune system to produce antibodies capable of attacking the virus in up to 90 per cent of those tested.
At least two other companies - including British-based biotech firm PepTcell and Swiss developer Cytos - are also working on universal flu vaccines.
The idea behind the universal flu vaccine is to prevent it having to be reformulated every year.
Current vaccines are designed to prompt an immune response to H and N proteins on the outer shell of the virus.
But these proteins change their structure and each year the vaccine has to be reformulated on the basis of the strains likely to be the most prominent.
The Oxford University approach is to develop a vaccine based on proteins inside the cell. These are far more similar across different strains.
The vaccine uses a weakened smallpox virus to carry the proteins into the body, a technique used in malaria and TB vaccines.
Once the virus has invaded the cell and starts to multiply, these inner proteins - called matrix protein 1 and nucleo-protein - are revealed to the immune system.
A specific type of immune cell called a T cell then learns to recognise and destroy cells containing the proteins the next time it encounters them.
Those using the vaccine would need to take a booster every five to ten years.
Professor John Oxford, a flu vaccine expert at Queen Mary, University of London, said such a vaccine would be the ' ultimate prize'.
'But it's a fairly difficult prize to get - it may just be a question of luck,' he added. 'There are people trying all kinds of strategies.'
He said the task of manufacturing different flu vaccines every year was a 'huge burden' on pharmaceutical companies. 'This team has experience with this type of vaccine so they may well get there,' he added.
Every year more than 15million people in England alone receive a flu jab in a programme costing £115million.
Priority groups include those aged 65 and over, with around three-quarters of pensioners getting protection each year.
Patients with chronic respiratory disease, heart disease, chronic renal disease and immune system deficiencies can also get jabs on the NHS.
Dozens of schools across the state that lack air conditioning sent students home early Tuesday as temperatures reached record highs, and some will dismiss early again Wednesday.
The mercury climbed to 94 degrees in Bridgeport on Tuesday, breaking the Sept. 8 record of 90, which was set in 2010, and sliding into second place for the warmest September temperature on record.
The temperature reached 96 degrees in Windsor Locks, breaking the day's record of 95 in the Hartford area, which was set in 2007. Cooling centers have opened in Hartford as a result.
It's the first time the hottest day of the year has fallen in September, or outside of the meteorological summer, since 1983, according to First Alert Meteorologist Ryan Hanrahan.
Schools to Dismiss Early in Anticipation of Extreme Heat
Dozens of schools across the state are releasing students early on Tuesday in anticipation of what could be record heat. (Published Tuesday, Sept. 8, 2015)
Students left Wolcott High School just after noon and a thermometer gun showed temperatures between 85 and 87 degrees inside the school.
"We've been taking readings all day, starting at 8 o'clock this morning, and just throughout the day took more temps and obviously, they kept going up and up and up," said head custodian Russ Tardiff.
Four of the district's five schools have partial air conditioning and Supt. Joseph Macary said students were rotated around the school, into rooms that have air conditioning, including the library or media center. The schools also made sure students stayed hydrated and avoided extraneous outdoor activity.
Students at the Insurance and Finance Academy, at 275 Asylum Street in Hartford, had an unexpected early dismissal because of a problem with the air conditioner. Students were dismissed at 1:30 p.m. after something in the building's central air conditioning unit broke.
East Hartford schools remained open for the full day because many students do not have air conditioning at home and child care can be an issue, school officials said in a note sent to parents.
To make the heat more bearable, fans were turned on in classrooms, students were moved through air conditioned areas and were asked to bring water bottles.
Exclusive Future Uncertain for State CHAMP Fleet
While temperatures are expected to come down a bit on Wednesday, humidity levels will increase a bit, making the apparent temperature or heat index even higher.
Some schools will dismiss early Wednesday as well.
Check for the latest updates on school closings here.
CLOSE The latest video released by the Islamic State mirrors a video the group released in February. In both cases, Christians are beheaded. VPC
A video released by Islamic State militants on April 19 appears to show the killing of a group of captured Ethiopian Christians in Libya. (Photo: AP)
A video purporting to show the killing of Ethiopian Christians by Islamic State-affiliated militants in Libya has been released online.
The 29-minute video appears to show militants holding two groups of captives, one by an affiliate in eastern Libya known as Barka Province and the other by the Fazzan Province, an affiliate in the south.
A masked fighter wielding a pistol says Christians must convert to Islam or pay a special tax prescribed by the Quran, before the captives in the south are shown being shot dead and the captives in the east are beheaded on a beach.
In January, militants loyal to the Islamic State group, also known as ISIS and ISIL, claimed responsibility for an attack on the Corinthia hotel in the Libyan capital of Tripoli that left 10 people including an American and four other foreigners dead.
#ISIS released a video threatening Christians and executing by gunshot and beheading Ethiopian Christians in Libya. pic.twitter.com/jSLVPKl22X — SITE Intel Group (@siteintelgroup) April 19, 2015
Extremist groups, including some that have pledged allegiance to ISIL, have risen in the country since the overthrow of dictator Moammar Gadhafi in 2011.
In February, Egypt began airstrikes against ISIL targets in Libya hours after militants released a video purporting to show the mass beheading of Egyptian Christian hostages.
ISIL controls vast swaths of Syria and neighboring Iraq. The extremists were recently driven out of 's hometown of Tikrit by Iraqi forces and allied Shiite militias, helped by U.S.-led coalition airstrikes.
The battle for Tikrit was seen as a key step toward driving the militants out of Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city.
Contributing: Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1yHlHtl
A powerful blast has rocked a US-owned sweets factory in northern Mexico, killing at least one person and injuring dozens more, officials said.
About 300 people were working at the Dulces Blueberry factory when the blast happened on Thursday in Ciudad Juarez, a city bordering the US state of Texas, according to official reports.
A city government spokesman initially said a boiler had exploded, but civil protection chief Fernando Motta Allen told the AFP news agency later that the cause and source of the blast were under investigation.
The blast took place on the second floor of the factory and caused the floor to collapse, injuring people working downstairs, said factory worker Ismael Bouchet.
"I was able to help five people who walked out of the building but as soon as they were out they went into shock and fainted," he said outside the factory, which produces gummy bears, jelly beans, peach rings and other sweets.
Al Jazeera's Adam Raney, reporting from Mexico City, said that local reports placed the number of injured at 51, with 11 in critical condition exhibiting second and third-degree burns.
About 30 ambulances rushed to the scene of the explosion to take the injured to hospitals.
Worried relatives of workers stood behind a security cordon as rescuers searched for people believed to still be inside the building.
Eternal Masters gets us old-timers spinning yarns. A set of beloved wayback playbacks from dawn and up through the storied history of our great game? You better believe it gets these geezer jaws flapping!
But I don't want to exclude any of you wizard apprentices and young pyromancers who joined the gathering more recently. Here are some annotations to illuminate the above comic's references:
Panel 2—The game portrayed here could have been played in 1993 and showcases the wild discrepancies in power levels of early Magic. The first player starts his game with a turn-one Plague Rats, which costs three and grows as more copies enter the battlefield. Pretty good, huh?
Unfortunately, the second player has one of the game's most infamous turn-one kills. Back before Channel Fireball was the namesake of a juggernaut pro team and content portal, it was a two-card combo that dealt 20 points of damage directly to an opponent's dome. Black Lotus is a pretty good
card, too.
Panel 3—So, the event depicted here didn't exactly happen, but it symbolizes how the early Pro Tour was a wild foray into uncharted waters. These days the Pro Tour is a highly organized endeavor with a skill-testing path to qualification, video coverage, a Hall of Fame, and more. And how did one qualify for the very first Pro Tour? By calling a hotline. That's right! Back in 1996, you qualified for the Pro Tour in the same way that you'd win Spice Girls tickets from a local Top 40 station.
Panel 4—Magic's original creature keyword abilities included flying, trample, first strike, and others that stood the test of time and remain with us today. Others have fallen by the wayside, including the notoriously complicated "banding." The source of a great many battlefield brain-teasers, banding was gone after 1997.
Panel 5—Every old-school player has a painful story or two about cards they wish they still owned. It was all new to us, and it wasn't immediately clear that the splashiest, coolest cards might not also be the most powerful or sought after. Give us a break, we barely had a worldwide web.
Panel 6—Speaking of underestimated cards, Ice Age's Necropotence went from "huh, weird" to such dominance that the summer of 1996 was dubbed "Black Summer." That summer, the top tables of the biggest tournaments were owned by either Necropotence decks or decks warped to
specifically beat Necropotence decks. It's an early, memorable example of a format-defining card and deck-building ingenuity. Blake Rasmussen recently sat down with Erik Lauer to talk about the history of Necropotence. Oh, and the card happens to be in Eternal Masters.
Panel 7—The destruction of land (à la Wasteland or Sinkhole) was a huge part of early Magic. In more recent times, R&D wisely recognized that a player with no mana is a sad player, so they scaled back the sort of land destruction that sees print. Eternal Masters, as a nod to our history, contains some of that nasty old land destruction for those who like nothing more than an opponent with a full hand that they can't cast.
Okay, well, that's enough storytelling for this old magician. Remember to study hard and use all your mana, kids.
ISKCON Devotee First Person to be Charged Under Russia's New Anti-Missionary Law
Washington, DC (August 24, 2016) — Leaders of the Hindu American Foundation (HAF) expressed serious concern about the case of 19-year Russian International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) devotee Vadim Sibiryev, the first person of any faith to be charged under Russia's month-old law severely restricting the sharing of religious beliefs in public.
In late July, Sibiryev was arrested in Cherkessk on suspicion of violating the Religion Law and Administrative Code, the so-called Yarovaya Laws. Sibiryev, who was visiting the city, had been offering religious books for sale on the street. Sibiryev was acquitted on August 15, after his lawyer successfully argued that his actions did not fit the law's definition of “missionary” activity.
Under the new laws, missionary activity is defined as “the activity of a religious association aimed at the dissemination of information about its beliefs among non-members, with the goal of involving these people as participants.” Only religious groups carrying written state authorization may perform the activities reference under these laws.
“Though in this particular case the defendant was acquitted, we're deeply concerned about the implications of Russia's latest efforts to curb the religious freedom of its citizens,” said Samir Kalra, HAF Senior Director and Human Rights Fellow. “We urge Russian government officials to take immediate steps to rescind such vague and overly broad laws that criminalize basic religious activity.”
Had he been convicted Sibiryev faced a fine of 50,000 roubles, the equivalent of roughly six weeks average wages.
Prior to being officially recognized a quarter century ago, official government harassment of ISKCON devotees was common. For a number of years the situation had been improving, though reports of harassment of ISKCON devotees, as well as non-Orthodox Christian groups such as Jehovah's Witnesses, and Baptists, have been increasing.
HAF recently signed on to a religious freedom coalition letter to Russian President Vladmir Putin conveying concerns about the new Yaralov laws. And in 2011, HAF formally wrote to Russian Embassy officials in Washington, D.C., after state prosecutors in the Siberian town of Tomsk tried to ban the Bhagavad Gita, one of Hinduism's holiest scriptures characterizing it as an “extremist text.”
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Lawmakers, urged on by President Barack Obama, raced against the clock on Thursday to keep the government funded beyond Friday and extend a worker tax cut and jobless benefits.
Republicans and Democrats appeared to be backing away from a high-stakes game of “chicken” that has brought the U.S. government to the brink of a shutdown for the third time in a year and threatened an effective tax hike on 160 million people in 2012.
Party leaders likely fear a backlash from angry voters who already have lost confidence in Congress's ability to pass even the most basic legislation and will get a chance to render their verdict in the 2012 presidential and congressional elections.-
Negotiators were trying to reach a final deal on a spending bill to fund many government agencies, including the Defense Department, through the fiscal year that ends September 30.
Meanwhile, aides to congressional leaders were trying to craft a compromise bill that would extend a payroll tax cut for another year and long-term unemployment benefits.
Aides to Democrats and Republicans were trying to resolve remaining differences over individual spending items in the funding bill. In separate negotiations they were trying to find agreement on how to cover the $120 billion cost of the payroll tax cut extension and whether some long-term jobless benefits should be scaled back.
A flurry of meetings on Capitol Hill on Thursday afternoon suggested that the brinkmanship had given way to negotiations that could, barring a last-minute breakdown, produce deals to fund the government through September 2012 and extend the payroll tax cut and unemployment benefits.
“Congress should not and cannot go on vacation before they have made sure that working families aren't seeing their taxes go up by $1,000 and those who are out there looking for work don't see their unemployment insurance expire,” Obama said.
Shortly after he spoke, top lawmakers from both parties began renegotiating a $915 billion spending bill.
Unless legislation is passed by midnight Friday, many key federal agencies, including the Defense Department, Homeland Security and Environmental Protection Agency, will run out of money.
There were some major differences between Democrats and Republicans over policy initiatives backed by federal funds, such as whether to place new restrictions on U.S. travel to Cuba.
Related Coverage White House sees progress toward payroll tax deal
There also was division within Republicans ranks over the spending bill and a push to extend the payroll tax cut.
House Speaker John Boehner, the top Republican in Congress, said he expects the spending bill to win passage. But some veteran Republicans, like Representative Steve King, said they were not so sure, especially with a pricetag that troubles conservatives.
“I think they are short of votes right now,” King said. But he predicted leadership would ultimately round them up.
Lawmakers were also negotiating on how to extend the payroll tax cut for workers that is set to expire on December 31.
“By the end of the day we should have a good sense of whether we're on the compromise track or the train wreck track,” said a senior Senate Democratic aide of the spending and tax bills.
Democrats want to attach to the payroll tax cut extension a continuation of long-term unemployment benefits that will start phasing out early next year. Republicans want to scale back those benefits.
The payroll tax cut would give 160 million Americans about $1,000 a year in additional spending power. The White House and a number of economists say it would boost the country's fragile economic recovery, although many Republicans question that.
The heightened activity on Capitol Hill on Thursday raised hopes that Congress would avoid the first government shutdown since late 1995 and early 1996.
Earlier in the day, Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell said he was “confident and optimistic we'll be able to resolve both (bills) on a bipartisan basis.”
But House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, at a separate press conference, raised the possibility of Congress having to pass a seventh stop-gap spending bill to give more time for negotiators to work out a deal on funding through September 30.
After meeting with Obama on Wednesday, Senate Democrats backed down on their demand for a surtax on income over $1 million to pay for the payroll tax cut. But they will still be able to campaign for re-election telling their core supporters that they fought for months for a tax hike on the wealthy.
President Barack Obama makes a statement on new minimum wage and overtime protections for in-home care workers in Washington December 15, 2011. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
On Thursday Senate leaders were negotiating over alternative ways to cover the $120 billion cost of the payroll tax cut extension.
(Additional reporting by Rachelle Younglai, Kim Dixon, Thomas Ferraro, Donna Smith and Caren Bohan; Editing by Ross Colvin and Bill Trott)
Throughout the crises of the past several years, from the recession to our accreditation crisis, City College of San Francisco has remained steadfast in serving tens of thousands of students working toward their educational goals and better prospects in life.
AFT 2121, the college faculty union, is going on a one-day strike to defend this vital role that City College plays. When the administration decides to cut classes without understanding student needs, and bargains in bad faith with faculty on issues affecting the future of this college, we can no longer take their actions sitting down.
We are in a broader fight for our students, and for working- and middle-class families in San Francisco. Many are first generation attending college, low-income students, immigrants, veterans, displaced workers and career changers. Our English as a second language program serves 30,000 in San Francisco each year, giving immigrants the language skills they need in the job market.
These are among The City's most vulnerable populations, and would be terribly affected by the 26 percent cut in classes proposed by the administration to the college over the next five years.
Recently, AFT 2121 discovered that the administration has been listening to the Accrediting Commission for Community and Junior Colleges (ACCJC) about negotiations; the accreditor, already disgraced in its improper actions toward many of California's community colleges, has no business putting its hands into bargaining. Why is CCSF administration continuing to listen to an organization that “no longer meets the needs of California,” according to the state Community College Board of Governors?
Faculty have been languishing at wages that are actually below what they were nearly ten years ago, making it hard to rebuild our ranks as we lose faculty to retirement. Faculty need not only a restoration of the 3.5 percent cut but also a raise that allows us to keep living and serving our students in one of the most expensive cities in the U.S.
Where are the administration's priorities? While they give lip service to the idea of rebuilding the college, their actions speak louder than words. This spring, they have already begun implementing the 26 percent cuts. In some cases, students have enrolled in classes, paid for books, and begun studying, only to have their classes canceled several weeks into the semester. In others, administration cut classes that were vital to student goals such as the associate degree or transfer to a four-year university before the semester started, even when the enrollment numbers were viable.
One wonders why they have continued adding to the administrator ranks and paying the top brass six figures in the midst of class and program reductions. Faculty and student leaders fought and won three years of stabilization funding to make sure we could survive the accreditation crisis.
Instead of using this money in the classroom, this administration has squandered this precious opportunity to rebuild by sequestering tens of millions of dollars in reserve funds. When the chancellor says that we can't touch the reserves, she fails to mention that nearly $60 million (out of a $200 million budget) are accumulated because of systematic underspending on teaching and student programs. These austerity measures don't serve our students or the community.
City College students deserve the best education possible. The faculty will not accept a downsized school that doesn't protect educational quality, or a contract that doesn't allow faculty to live in the community in which they work. It is time for the administration to align their priorities to the real needs and desires of this community.
Jessica Buchsbaum is an English as a second language instructor, and Li Lovett is an academic counselor at City College of San Francisco.
Click here or scroll down to comment
By: Aj Mansour | KFAN.com
@AjKFAN
Minneapolis, MN - It appears as if Wednesday in Houston will be the proverbial “d-day” for the Minnesota Vikings and Adrian Peterson.
As Mike Zimmer and Rick Spielman head down to Houston for a face-to-face meeting with Adrian Peterson, they are reportedly mulling over a list of five teams that Adrian Peterson would prefer to be traded to.
According to Yahoo Sports, Adrian has provided the team a list of five teams with which he would also be willing to restructure his current contract with. Those teams, in no particular order, are as follows…
Arizona Cardinals
Indianapolis Colts
Dallas Cowboys
San Diego Chargers
Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Quickly glancing at AP's wish list, you'll see a handful of expected teams (Arizona, Dallas and Indy) and then a few wild cards (San Diego and Tampa Bay).
Two weeks ago, I gave this list a stab with my "5 Most Likely Landing Spots For Adrian Peterson Via Trade" article. Correctly pinning 4 of the 5 (including San Diego), I still hold to the idea that the Seahawks could be in the conversation from the Vikings perspective.
It continues to look as if the two sides will ultimately part ways but today's conversations could change the landscape of the entire situation.
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
From today's news:
The marked improvement in the labor market since the U.S. central bank began its third round of quantitative easing, or QE3, has added an edge to calls by some policy hawks to dial down the stimulus. The roughly 50 percent jump in monthly job creation since the program began has even won renewed support from centrists, raising at least some chance the Fed could ratchet back its buying as early as next month.
I hope I don't have to do any more of these. The fiscal multiplier theory is as dead as John Cleese's parrot. The growth in jobs didn't slow with fiscal austerity, it sped up! And the Fed is saying that any job improvement due to fiscal stimulus will be offset with tighter money. They talk like the multiplier is zero, and their actions produce a zero multiplier. Has there ever been a more decisive refutation of a major economic theory?
Yes there has; the conservative view that QE and big deficits would lead to higher inflation and higher interest rates.
PS. Saturos asked me about this exchange on Twitter. The expected fiscal multiplier is roughly zero. And for policy purposes it is the expected fiscal multiplier that matters, not the actual ex post multiplier (which is impossible to calculate in any case.)
Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn
Tags:
This entry was posted on May 20th, 2013 and is filed under Monetary Policy. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can leave a response or Trackback from your own site.
Trade with Mexico and Canada is important to every state's economy.
The Associated Press Blake Hurst, a corn and soybean farmer, leans against a pickup on his farm in Westboro, Missouri. Like many Midwestern farmers, Hurst says NAFTA has been good for his business.
By Sophie Quinton
President Donald Trump says the North American Free Trade Agreement has been a disaster. “It's been very, very bad for our companies and for our workers,” he said at the Wisconsin headquarters of an automotive manufacturer this spring. “We're going to make some very big changes or we are going to get rid of NAFTA for once and for all.”
But as the Trump administration sits down to renegotiate the 23-year-old free trade deal with Canada and Mexico, governors will be hoping for minor adjustments rather than the “very big changes” Trump has promised.
“There's never anything wrong with taking a look. But I hope it doesn't just go away,” Ohio Gov. John Kasich, a Republican, told “PBS NewsHour” earlier this year. “The idea they want to tweak it, look at it, talk, I'm all in favor of that.”
Trump's tough talk wins him applause from voters who blame trade deals for shutting down factories and reducing blue-collar jobs in their neighborhoods. But most economists say that NAFTA had a small part to play in the long-term trends of globalization and automation that changed the kinds of jobs available in the U.S.
And today, trade with Canada and Mexico is important to every state's economy. It's boosted business for farmers in the Great Plains who export commodities such as corn, and allowed U.S. manufacturers to source parts from all over North America.
Some U.S. industries have trade disagreements with the neighboring countries to the north and south. They want those addressed in the renegotiations, but they generally don't want the deal to be scrapped.
Governors tend to focus on how trade agreements such as NAFTA help — or hurt — specific industries in their state, says Matt Gold, a former U.S. trade negotiator who is now an adjunct professor at Fordham University. He said that focus on the nitty-gritty tends to moderate their stance.
The Trump administration's point-by-point objectives for renegotiating NAFTA don't go as far as the president's rhetoric. But that hasn't stopped businesses and foreign countries from worrying that major changes to trade policy could be pending, complicating the efforts cities and states make to recruit foreign investors and connect with international companies.
Regional Concerns
Trade boomed between the U.S., Canada and Mexico after the trade agreement took effect, in 1994, eliminating almost all tariffs on goods produced by the three nations.
Last year Canada and Mexico were the top two markets for U.S. exports, combining for a third of all exports, according to the Congressional Research Service, a nonpartisan agency that advises Congress. They also comprised more than a quarter of U.S. imports.
Some sectors rely heavily on the trade deal. Take the auto industry. Today a component made in central Mexico may become part of a car assembled in South Carolina, and vice versa. And U.S. manufacturers get to export their product duty free to buyers across North America.
Carmakers say that the current system helps them compete in the global market. They don't want the free trade agreement torn up or altered. Neither do policymakers in states that rely on auto jobs.
“We need to be very thoughtful in talking about trade issues,” Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder, a Republican, said this spring during a joint news conference with Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne. Michigan and Ontario agreed last summer to partner on efforts to make the regional auto industry more competitive, such as by collaborating on autonomous vehicle technology.
Farmers who export commodities such as corn and wheat also want to preserve the agreement. Canada, China and Mexico are the top three markets for U.S. agricultural exports, according to federal statistics.
Nebraska Gov. Pete Ricketts, a Republican, was in Canada on a trade mission last week talking up the importance of NAFTA. In May, he touted the agreement at a news conference alongside members of a Mexican trade delegation and U.S. grain industry leaders.
When governors criticize the trade agreement, it's typically because they feel that a regional industry is getting a raw deal. Idaho Gov. Butch Otter, for instance, told the Idaho Statesman earlier this year that NAFTA “is a good idea, but we don't enforce it.”
The trade agreement uses tariffs to limit sugar imports into the U.S. but Canadian sugar-rich syrups are slipping through a loophole, the Republican governor said, hurting the Idaho sugar beet industry. He also said that Canada timber policy gives its lumber companies an unfair advantage over U.S. competitors.
Democratic Govs. Tom Wolf of Pennsylvania and Andrew Cuomo of New York have sent letters to Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau asking him to stop a policy U.S. dairy producers say is hurting their ability to sell a type of skim milk in Canada. Cuomo and Republican Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin have also written to Trump and asked him to press Canada on the issue.
Governors are also trying to address the uncertainty Trump's rhetoric on trade has caused by reassuring their foreign companies and investors — in North America and across the world — that they still want to work with them.
And foreign governments are also reaching out to governors. “We've had outreach from the international community like I've never seen,” said Scott Pattison, executive director of the National Governors Association. Trudeau addressed the association's annual gathering this year, a speech he used to tout the benefits of free trade and NAFTA.
‘Mostly Baloney'
The specific objectives the Trump administration has laid out for a renegotiated NAFTA include a number of controversial points but don't amount to a major overhaul of the agreement, experts say.
A lot of the things Trump proposed as a presidential candidate, such as slapping large new tariffs on imports, would violate not just free trade agreements like NAFTA but underlying trade agreements monitored by the World Trade Organization, said Fordham University's Gold. Both sets of deals are difficult to untangle.
“Trump's rhetoric was mostly baloney,” he said.
Some of the administration's proposed changes to NAFTA — such as broadening the agreement to cover digital goods and services and adding labor and environmental standards — mirror parts of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a free trade deal that the Obama administration negotiated with 11 other countries, including Mexico and Canada. One of Trump's first acts in office was to pull the U.S. out of the deal.
Those provisions reflect the way modern trade agreements are written, trade experts say.
“NAFTA was state of the art in the early 1990s,” said Jeff Schott, senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, a Washington, D.C. think tank that supports free trade, “It no longer is.”
Some of the proposed changes are opposed by U.S. manufacturers. For instance, the Trump administration wants to reassess the share of a good that has to be made in a NAFTA nation in order to be exempt from tariffs. Increasing the “rule of origin” requirement could hurt companies that have complicated international supply chains.
“The current rule of origin strikes the right balance,” American Automotive Policy Council President and former Missouri Gov. Matt Blunt testified before a United States Office of the U.S. Trade Representative committee last month.
Some proposed changes are likely to be strongly opposed by Canada and Mexico. For instance, the Trump administration wants to do away with NAFTA's current procedure for resolving trade disputes, which has long been protested by the U.S. lumber industry.
And many changes are popular with some U.S. interest groups but not others. The Trump administration wants to shore up its “Buy American” pledge by getting rid of a rule that requires the three NAFTA governments to treat Canadian, Mexican and U.S. contractors equally in procurement decisions.
Labor unions support the change, saying allowing the U.S. government to favor U.S. companies in contracting decisions would help American workers. Meanwhile, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce opposes the change, arguing that almost all federal contracts go to domestic contractors anyway and changing the provision could end up shutting U.S. companies out of contracts with the Canadian and Mexican governments.
The biggest question is how the U.S. will try to achieve its overarching goal for the new NAFTA: reducing trade deficits with Canada and Mexico. Last year the U.S. had a $12.5 billion trade surplus with Canada and a $55.6 billion trade deficit with Mexico.
“We cannot ignore the huge trade deficits, the lost manufacturing jobs, the businesses that have closed or moved because of incentives — intended or not — in the current agreement,” said U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer in opening remarks kicking off the negotiations.
Most economists say that a trade deficit with one nation or another doesn't really matter, although some worry about the overall national deficit. “We don't care about how it's distributed,” said Barry Bosworth, an economist at the Brookings Institution, a nonpartisan Washington, D.C., think tank.
With only a year to go before the next federal election, New Democrats have joined Conservatives in trying to knock Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau off his perch as the front-runner.
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair declared open season Thursday on Trudeau, mocking the "getting ready to lead" slogan used in the most recent Liberal ad.
"They won't tell us what they'll do but they think it's reassuring to tell us that their guy's getting ready," Mulcair said in a campaign-style stem-winder wrapping up a two-day NDP caucus strategy session.
Story continues below advertisement
"Yeah, right. Getting ready for what? I'm sorry, prime minister just isn't an entry-level job."
Mulcair's jibe is similar to the Conservative refrain that Trudeau is "in over his head."
The NDP leader also accused Trudeau of having no concrete solutions and no ideas.
In contrast to the neophyte Liberal leader, Mulcair touted his own experience and his party's substantive policy planks to assert that the NDP is ready now to take over from Prime Minister Stephen Harper's Conservatives.
"After nine long years of Conservative policies, Canadians just can't afford to wait for someone who's getting ready to take on Stephen Harper," he said.
"We're taking on Stephen Harper and his policies right now. The NDP is ready to form a truly progressive government right now."
The podium from which Mulcair spoke was plastered with a sign featuring the party's new slogan: "Change that's ready."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The NDP vaulted past the Liberals in the 2011 election to become the official Opposition for the first time, giving New Democrats confidence that they were on the cusp of finally taking power in the next election.
But since Trudeau took the helm 18 months ago, the Liberals have risen from their apparent deathbed to take a healthy lead in public opinion polls, relegating New Democrats to their more familiar, third-place position.
NDP strategists and MPs have been frustrated that a leader they consider a featherweight greenhorn has managed to eclipse the more-seasoned Mulcair, who has been unveiling policy planks and has been lauded for his strong performance grilling Harper in the House of Commons.
In openly questioning Trudeau's fitness to govern, the NDP is echoing the Conservatives, who've attacked him relentlessly from the moment he took over as leader.
However, the Tory attack ads have so far not dented Trudeau's popularity. Indeed, Liberals maintain they've actually helped reinforce the perception that Harper is a bully and that Trudeau is a more hopeful, positive,different kind of political leader.
By joining the attack, Trudeau warned that Mulcair risks being seen as too much like Harper, the prime minister he wants to replace.
Story continues below advertisement
"I think we have nasty negativity and divisive attacks from the right. I know Canadians don't want that from the left," Trudeau said in an interview.
While Harper and Mulcair focus on him, Trudeau said he'll focus on Canadians. And he said he won't return fire with personal attacks on his opponents.
"Canadians don't want that and that's one of the reasons we're doing so well."
As for the "getting ready to lead" tag line in the last Liberal ad, Trudeau said it was aimed at being honest with Canadians rather than employing "clever attacks" on opponents. It reflected the fact that Liberals are in the process of building a team and a plan, which he said will be ready in time for the next campaign.
But Mulcair insisted Thursday that there's little to separate the Liberals from the Conservatives. He accused both parties of overseeing a growing gap between rich and poor, of failing to deliver on promises to provide child-care spaces and of preferring to cut taxes for rich corporations rather than preserve funding for health care.
Indeed, Mulcair said Trudeau himself has "complacently" argued that Liberals and Conservatives have broadly shared the same values and agenda over the past 30 years.
Story continues below advertisement
"I promise you, I don't share Stephen Harper's agenda," Mulcair said.
"But maybe it's because Liberals and Conservatives share the same agenda that the middle class is doing so poorly. Maybe we should do something about that.
The NDP is promising to roll out this fall — a full year ahead of the next scheduled campaign — detailed planks from their eventual platform, including plans for a national child-care program, a federal minimum wage and infrastructure investment. The aim is to further contrast Mulcair's substance with Trudeau's refusal to be nailed down on major policy before the campaign actually begins.
TSA Security Measures Could Cause an Allergic Reaction
The Transportation Security Administration is rolling out new security measures for screening food – which might be a problem for people with food allergies.
Next time you're traveling with a lot of snacks, be prepared – you may need to go through some extra security screening. As part of the Transportation Security Administration's new, stricter screening rules, carry-on foods may need to go in their own bins. The measure has already gone into effect in airports like Orlando, where a woman from Arkansas told a travel agent that TSA was swabbing everything.
“When I went to Orlando from Memphis, I was pulled over for additional screening and was told it was [because] I had lots of snacks in my bag,” she said on a Facebook post reported by Allergic Living. “They swabbed every single snack.”
This poses a problem, though, for those with food allergies worried about cross-contamination. The bins are communal, so you don't know what food has been in there already that might contain an allergen. And for TSA agents searching through bags or examining the food, they may have some sort of food allergen on their gloves from a previous traveler.
Sari Koshetz, a spokesperson for the southeast region of the TSA, gave Allergic Living some hints for how travelers can ensure no cross-contamination happens: Put all the allergy-safe food in clear, tightly sealed containers or baggies; Ask an officer going through your items to put on clean gloves; Point out liquids with medical purposes that exceed the volume limit for carry-ons so that TSA agents can scan them without opening them. It's also a good idea, Allergic Living says, to carry a note from your doctor explaining your allergies and the safe foods (and possibly an EpiPen) you need to carry. Travelers should also consider joining TSA PreCheck, where the stronger security measures do not apply.
[Photo: Shutterstock]
Birgitta Jónsdóttir, the Icelandic MP and member of the WikiLeaks team that released secret footage of a US Apache helicopter attack on civilians in Iraq, is planning to visit America for the first time since the 'Collateral Murder' video was made public to express her support for Bradley Manning, the video's alleged source.
Jónsdóttir plans to travel to New York on 5 April to mark the third anniversary of the posting of the footage, one of the most dramatic WikiLeaks releases and one that helped put the website and its founder Julian Assange on the global map. She is making the journey even though she has been advised by the Icelandic government not to do so for fear of legal retribution from US authorities.
She told the Guardian that she had held back from visiting the US long enough. "I refuse to live in fear, and I don't want to live in the shadows. I don't think I've done anything illegal or that I'm an enemy of the US state, but if they think I've committed a crime, I want to know," she said.
Jónsdóttir plans to bring with her an exhibition of still photographs drawn from the Collateral Murder video that she will show in New York on the anniversary and Los Angeles on 6 April. Later, she hopes to take the exhibition on a road tour across the US on the eve of Manning's trial that is currently scheduled to begin in June.
The MP was part of a group of WikiLeaks volunteers who gathered in Iceland in early 2010 to help Assange prepare the footage of the Apache attack. Jónsdóttir organized the volunteers, researched details of the footage so that it could be annotated and selected stills for distribution to the media.
The footage, allegedly leaked by Manning while he was working as an intelligence analyst in a US base outside Baghdad, related to a US airstrike in Baghdad on 12 July 2007. Eight men were killed in the attack, including two Reuters correspondents whose cameras were mistaken for weapons.
The posting of the video had immediate and immense impact, prompting debate on the cost in civilian deaths of the Iraq war. A month later, Manning was arrested as the suspected source of the video along with hundreds of thousands of leaked confidential diplomatic cables.
The Iraq video has been cited in four of the 22 counts that Manning is facing, for which he faces up to life in military custody with no chance of parole.
Jónsdóttir said that she wanted to visit the US so that she could speak out about the importance of Collateral Murder in a way that Manning himself could not. "I feel connected to Bradley Manning's fate through that video," she said.
"It's deeply troubling to me that he is the only one suffering the consequences – none of the people responsible for the war crimes in the video have been held accountable."
For the past two years Jónsdóttir has been locked in legal dispute with the US Justice Department over its attempts to obtain her private information. It was revealed in 2011 that the US government had served a subpoena on Twitter demanding personal data from her Twitter feed dating back to November 2009.
Jónsdóttir riposted by petitioning a federal appeals court in Virginia, calling on the courts to force the DoJ to open its files on her to disclose the other internet providers that had also been ordered to submit her private data. Last month the appeal court ruled against her and her two co-defendants, allowing the US government to keep secret its attempts to force internet providers to hand over private information without a warrant.
In 2011 the US ambassador to Iceland gave verbal assurances that Jónsdóttir could travel freely to the US without fear of arrest or prosecution. But she has been advised by senior Icelandic government officials not to do so on the grounds that a verbal assurance is not binding and could be overruled by the US at any time.
They need you back down on the field, Doc. Can you patch up each one of these soccer players or give them some much-needed plastic surgery? Show off your medical skills in this wacky online game.
Rey is a doctor in this busy hospital and he could really use a vacation. Fortunately, Charice is willing to fill in for him while he's away. Could you help her care for the hospital's patients while Rey's gone in this medical simulation game?
One of the world's worst doctors is ready to come out of retirement. The results could be deadly fun.
This young patient needs an operation to improve his hearing. Get to the OR on the double, Doc!
It's Alison's first day at this very busy medical clinic. Can you help her while she learns the ropes? She'll need to figure out how to treat each one of her patients while she keeps tabs on her colleague's guinea pig. He keeps escaping from his cage and running around the waiting room!
Now is definitely not the time for a coffee break, Doc! Five patients are waiting for you over at the hospital and they need your help. Don't worry, your nurse just punched in and she's waiting to assist you down in the OR. As always, things are very busy in the world of Operate Now, the popular surgery game series. Put on your scrubs and get to work, ASAP!
Doctor, this patient needs an important operation on his heart. You know what to do, right?
This young skateboarder has injured his knee and needs surgery. Get down to the OR on the double, Doc.
Get down to the OR, Doc! This young patient is experiencing chest pains and he needs your help...
Oh no! It's all fun and games until someone chips a tooth. Time to go to the dentist...
Doctor, this patient needs an operation to end her seizures. Get to the OR on the double.
As procedures go, this one's life and death: do you have the steady hands to fix this patient up?
Hospital games - be a doctor for a day
Admit it, you have wanted to become a doctor at some point of your life. Haven't you? Well, that has not been possible for many of us. Doesn't matter now as you can live the dream and play through actual operations and surgeries that doctors perform.
We feel that most of the action in a hospital takes place in the operating theatres. It is ‘The Place” where miracles are worked and lives are saved. So many different kinds of operations take place, each with its intricate procedures. These operations do require very steady hands and nerves both. After all, you have been entrusted with the patient's life.
From fixing broken knee joints to reattaching the tendons and bones of the elbow to operating on the brain, so many different things happen in the operation theater. Now it is your turn to join in and help out. Choose and play from our large category of hospital games. The games are fairly easy as you will be guided through the whole process. Different operations require different steps and procedures. Our games document these steps of different operations and present them for the user in a soothing manner. We have tried our best to ensure that the experience is authentic while also ensuring the games are tolerable for the eyes.
If you feel tired with all the operating on people, then you can always branch out and decide to play a veterinary hospital game where you operate on cute animals. If that is not your thing, then you can simply choose to give your hospital a complete makeover. Whatever your niche, Agame.com has something for you in store.
So, what are you waiting for?? Join Agame.com and live the dream of saving lives every day. The best part of this is that it is completely FREE!!
Unique ring for Java programmers!
Back in 1998, all attendees of the JavaOne conference that year received one of these rings as a token of appreciation. I always liked the idea of having something like this ring as a representation of all the work I have put into learning and programming in Java. When I found out that there was a stash of Java Rings still out there, I wanted to acquire one before attending the JavaOne 2016 conference. Since receiving it, I have not been disappointed! It is truly a unique collector's item - it fits well, looks great, and attracts lots of attention (even some of the presenters at the conference recognized it immediately). For me, it was a great purchase!
X Previous image Next image
Verified purchase: Yes | Condition: new | Sold by: duffy4444
Recogiendo ramitas
Estaba sentada tomando mi café de la mañana, deleitándome con su delicioso sabor y su aroma inconfundible, cuando siento pasitos entre las hojas. Una cabecita se asoma por la ventana y me dice con una sonrisa de oreja a oreja mostrando su boca chimuela.
-¿Qué estás haciendo?.
-Escribiendo
-Y, ¿cuándo vamos a comer la naranja grandota?
-¿La toronja?
-Sí, esa- y sonríe
-En la tarde, cuando vengan to-dos.
-¿Podemos armar rompecabezas?
-Ahora no, al rato
Allá se fueron, para al ratito nomás llegar corriendo acompañadas de otro de los niños.
-Vine a visitate, un poquito nada más, poque estás tlabajando
-Así es
-¿Cuándo vamos a comer el pan con miel?
No necesite contestarle, solito se respondió, solito sacó su conclusión.
-¿Me das mi abrazo?- me pidió
Y ahí nos quedamos unos momentos en un dulce intercambio de afecto, en esa estábamos cuando llegan los otros.
-¿Qué les pasa hoy a ustedes?
-Vinimos por nuestro abrazo y a saludarte- contesta muy resueltamente una de ellas.
Es que era el ¡gran día!, aguardado desde hacía un tiempo, la toronja y el pan tostado, hacer dibujos, rompecabezas y lo más hermoso compartir tiempo juntos y la ansiedad no permitía la espera.
Nos pusimos de acuerdo que volvieran en la tarde, que juntaríamos ramitas para prender el fogón y preparar el pan.
Así fue a la tarde llegaron cuatro de los asiduos, los que faltaban pero mandaron avisar de su retrazo, uno se había quedado cuidando a la bebé que estaba dormida, otro tenía mucha tos y no lo dejaron venir, hasta la hora del pan tostado, la otra estaba bañándose.
-Podemos juntar las ramitas para hacer el fuego- dice una de ellas organizando el ambiente.
Y allá nos fuimos, cargando una bolsa grande.
Enseguida se aprestaron a la acción, mientras Mary dio cuenta de ser una gran organizadora
-Las vamos juntando, las partimos, las vamos poniendo aquí y luego cuando tengamos muchas las metemos adentro de la bolsa. Es más fácil así.
Así fue, entre risas, juegos, la bolsa se llenó, para alegría de todos.
Cargándola nos fuimos hasta la casa.
Ahora a esperar a los demás para prender el fuego y tostar el pan.
Mientras abrieron el petate y se pusieron a dibujar y danzar hasta que poco a poco llegaron los que faltaban.
Y así, la hora de compartir los ¡tan esperados alimentos! y con ello la alegría del festejo.
OAXACA, MÉXICO
¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡¡ HASTA LA VISTA !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Espero que hayas disfrutado esta historia…!
Si te gustó te agradecería que me lo hicieras saber, que lo compartieras con otros .
Conocer tu opinión es algo que me interesa mucho…!
Así mismo te invito a que te des una vuelta por el blog, donde también encontrarás otros posts que te pueden atraer.
GRACIAS A TODOS!!!! SALUDOS!!!!
The WWF Cookbook is a treasure trove of crazy recipes from the Attitude Era, each of which is purportedly the creation of one of the wrestlers. In Wrestling With Food, Sydney is on a mission to try cooking all of them to see if any are actually edible.
This week, I'm making Undertaker's Turkey and Spinach Tetrazzini. So, this cookbook was published during the weird time where the Undertaker was a biker, and his entrance music was Kid Rock. Now, my memory is hazy of this time, but was there ever a reasonable transition between you know, Undertaker Classic to Biker Undertaker? Or did he one day toss off the leather hat, hop on a bike, and that's how it all happened?
Anyway, a tetrazzini is a hilarious choice for the Undertaker, given it's just good old comfort food, and that's about the last thing I can picture him eating (or making). Kudos to whomever pulled this selection. In his comments on the recipe, JR says Undertaker's “lady” makes this for him all the time, and he loves it. I guess it would have been less exciting to call it Undertaker's Girlfriend's Turkey and Spinach Tetrazzini, but goddamn it, I just want to trust the WWE. I expect transparency from those McMahons.
(NOTE FROM TOM: JR mentions that the Undertaker's “lady” makes him this to keep him happy, implying that bad things happen when he's unhappy, so add subtle allusions to domestic violence to the WWF Cookbook's many crimes against humanity.)
But let's move on.
The ingredients:
8 oz. spaghetti, broken into 4-inch lengths.
Salt to taste.
1 dead turkey (cut 3 cups bite-size pieces of cooked turkey from the carcass).
2 9-oz. packages frozen creamed spinach, thawed.
1 cup part-skim ricotta cheese.
1/2 cup oil-packed sun-dried tomatoes, drained and chopped.
2 large cloves garlic, minced.
10 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese.
Pepper to taste.
Okay, SO. Right off the bat, I did not have any leftover turkey. It's a two-person household, folks. I don't roast turkeys on the weekly. I subbed with a chicken from the grocery store (JR SAID IT WAS OKAY) and then tore the meat from the carcass.
The process:
1. Preheat oven to 450F.
2. Cook the pieces of spaghetti in large pot of boiling, salted water until tender. Drain thoroughly, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid.
3. In a large bowl, mix spaghetti, turkey, creamed spinach, ricotta cheese, tomatoes, garlic, 8 tablespoons of the cheese, and the reserved cooking liquid. Season with pepper.
4. Spread the mixture into two 9-inch pie plates and sprinkle with the remaining 2 tablespoons of cheese. Bake 10 minutes, or until the top is light golden colour.
As meals go, I have to say this is a fairly easy one to prepare. The worst part is pulling the chicken from the bones, and making sure you don't overcook the pasta. I will admit, it didn't look all that appetizing midway through:
I transferred it into the two 9-inch pie plates and put them into the oven as directed, waited about fifteen minutes, and then took them out.
VOILA.
Those two dishes represent what is supposed to 4-6 servings. I'm going to have to assume these are wrestler-sized servings, because in no way would the average person be able to eat even 1/6 of this in a sitting, much less half of one of those pie plates.
The verdict:
Me: Okay, so I was a fan, to be honest. It WAS a smidge bland, so if I made it again, I would just spice it up a little bit with whatever I had handy. It just needed a bit of a kick. I'm a fan of a baked pasta dish (I love ziti) so this was up my alley.
Comments from Tom:
“Is there chicken in here?” (I unevenly distributed the chicken in the pie dishes. One had a heck of a lot of spinach, and one pretty much had all the chicken. My bad)
“It's… okay, a little bland.” (Agreed)
Tom's star rating: 2 1/2 out of 5 stars.
We did go back for leftovers and I would make it again – for example, I think it'd be the perfect dish to serve Steve Blackman, should he ever accept my invitation to come round for dinner and game night. We've got Parcheesi, Steve! And Pictionary! COME ON LETHAL WEAPON, STOP IGNORING ME.
However, like I said, I would just season it differently. Also, as you can probably tell, this is not a low fat dish; it's one of those things you should make at MOST once a month, which I'm sensing is a theme with this cookbook.
(NOTE FROM TOM: Like Mark Henry's Sexual Chocolate Cake, there was kind of too much of everything with this, or at least with the cheese and spinach. Having said that, I still ate it twice so… yeah.)
– Look out for another Wrestling With Food soon, or check the Wrestling With Food archives for a full rundown of all the recipes covered so far. In the meantime, you can follow Sydney on Twitter.
What Are the Geostrategic Implications of a Grexit?
At the moment, it is unclear how Greece will ultimately fare in the current duel of wills with the Troika over its technical default, the upcoming referendum, and the possibility of a continuation of the long-running bailout drama. The two sides are locked in acrimonious finger-pointing, Greek banks are shuttered for the week, and the logical but ever elusive diplomatic and economic solution — a reasonable negotiation between the parties — seems further away than ever. As a proud Greek-American, I am saddened by the situation.
Meanwhile, the July 5 referendum is judged too close to call at the moment, and most Greeks will likely be confused about the implications and uncertain how to vote. Macroeconomic theory appears to have been the first casualty of the process, and the doomsday economic scenarios — a crashed Greek economy, a battered if not broken euro, and a deeply shaken European project — are looming large on the horizon.
But in the midst of all of the appropriate Sturm und Drang of the Greek financial and economic crisis, it is worth considering the geostrategic implications of the “Grexit” — which have been largely ignored.
Let's face it: A Greece that goes crashing out of the eurozone will be an angry, disaffected, and battered nation — but one that will continue to hold membership in the European Union and NATO, both consensus-driven organizations. (“Consensus-driven” means that without unanimous consent among all members, the organization cannot take decisions or execute effective operational actions.) Many times in NATO councils as the supreme allied commander I watched the agonizing process of building consensus, one compromise at a time. In both the EU and NATO, an uncooperative Greece in the future could time and time again put the organizations “in irons,” which is to say becalmed and not moving effectively forward.
This could manifest itself very quickly in, for example, decisions about sanctions against Russia (from which Greece is avidly courting support and funding, logically enough). It could easily affect day-to-day governance in the European Union over issues from negotiating the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership to agricultural subsidies to what should be done about refugee flows across the Mediterranean. Greece could become a troublesome and obstructionist actor in complex negotiations involving the EU, such as the Iranian nuclear treaty efforts.
In addition to a potentially difficult and badly distracted Greece in the counsels of Europe, a Greek default and crash out of the eurozone will almost certainly continue the downward spiral of the Greek economy. This will have knock-on security effects in how much the Greeks are willing or able to participate in NATO operations, EU missions, humanitarian projects, refugee rescues, and many other security-oriented efforts. Access to Greek bases — many in geopolitically important locations, like Souda Bay, Crete — could conceivably be affected. It is worth remembering the significant and important geographic position of Greece on the maritime flank of NATO during a time of great tension in the eastern Mediterranean.
Indeed, a Greece that is spurned by Europe is a nation that will inevitably begin to look elsewhere for support and engagement. A very likely prospective partner of course would be Russia. Many Greeks are quite sympathetic to Russia, a fellow Orthodox nation, particularly over the situation in Ukraine. If Moscow were to assist Athens economically, even marginally, this would further distance Greece from Western Europe. Another likely friend and partner would be Serbia, which has its own troubles with various EU Balkan members. Ultimately, it is not impossible to contemplate Greece departing the European Union or even NATO. Some voices on the far left in Greece are already advocating this course of action.
Finally, a Greece that is angry and increasingly untethered from the traditional European organizations could become more suspicious and difficult in its immediate locale. Without strong and enthusiastic membership in NATO, the relationship with Turkey looks very different from Athens, as do Greek perceptions of the Balkans. If Greece does not have the EU and NATO “at its back,” it will be far less secure in how it approaches Turkey, an old enemy and the source of much conspiracy. That is fundamentally destabilizing.
So, will Greece leave the EU or NATO if it drops out of the eurozone? It's highly unlikely; cooler heads will probably prevail. But it is not impossible as the crisis deepens and emotions flare on both sides. And at a minimum, a stormy and contentious time lies ahead unless a compromise can be fashioned. What should be done?
For one, this can't be left to the central bankers. They are not politicians and aren't paid to be sensitive to the geostrategic and political implications of a Greek default and departure from the eurozone. At the dark end of the spectrum, losing any nation from the EU or NATO is simply terra incognita and would shake both organizations in fundamental ways while deeply weakening the idea of the European project generally.
As the Troika conducts further negotiations, it needs to consider the value that Greece brings by virtue of its membership in the EU and NATO. The Greek negotiators have been making these points, but many on the European side tend to ignore them and focus only on the economic side — a natural impulse, but not the kind of 360-degree view necessary to fully assess choices under stress and pressure.
From the other side of the table, the Greeks should likewise think in geostrategic terms as well as economically about the choices ahead. Sovereign nations get to make sovereign decisions about their future. Despite all the emotion about the terms on offer, part of the package is a continued membership card in the European organizations that have played a fundamental role in Greece's place in the post-World War II order. The other choices — joining Russia's Eurasian Union or simply becoming nonaligned — are not good options.
These are not easy choices on either side, but some hope remains that a compromise can be negotiated. There is fundamental value to Europe in having Greece as part of its orbit; and equally Greeks should see the value in being part of the transatlantic world. There are big strategic stakes at play, and there is more to the business of the bailout than just business.
Photo credit: SAKIS MITROLIDIS/AFP/Getty Images
article
T-Mobile this week pitched its upcoming TV service as its next big "UnCarrier" move, but with few details, the announcement was the least exciting and least disruptive thing I've heard from T-Mobile in a while.
Continue Reading Below
While T-Mobile has been driving competition in wireless for a few years now, this reveal seemed more tailored for Wall Street than T-Mobile customers, celebrating the purchase of a little-known streaming TV firm without explaining just what T-Mobile's going to do with it.
The little I've heard about UnCarrier TV is uninspiring. Analyst Avi Greengart says it will be "Sling TV at a higher price point with [a] broader channel lineup." But that can't disrupt the cable industry because it can't break the double- or triple-play bundle. For T-Mobile to truly disrupt TV, it needs to disrupt home internet.
What's funny is that Layer3 TV, the company T-Mobile bought, understands this. Layer3 doesn't just offer a streaming bundle—it runs wires to homes, which is why it's only available in a few cities. It's extremely complex and expensive to run new cable, though, and T-Mobile shows no signs of continuing Layer3's plans there. Rather, it bought Layer3 for its cable-like TV content bundle and its efficient encoding technology.
In the current internet-centric world, cable providers keep their fists around your neck because they're usually the only game in town for fast, high-volume home internet. They charge high prices for the fast internet connection you'd need for TV streaming, and then relatively low promotional prices for a basic cable package on top of that. Once the promotion time expires, you're locked in by inertia. Sling and PlayStation Vue have made some inroads, but the power of defaults is huge. People don't generally want to pay multiple bills to multiple providers, if they can avoid it. The home internet monopolies keep cable intact.
For an example, Spectrum here in New York charges me $65 for my standalone home internet service. A Spectrum Internet + TV double play would cost only $25 more for the first promotional year. Yeah, it would shoot up after that, but Americans don't look at those kinds of details. I deal with readers all the time who are still paying high rates on old wireless plans when they could be paying less by switching plans. Inertia is very powerful.
Advertisement
The end of net neutrality could also throw a big wrench into T-Mobile's TV plans, if it doesn't have its own pipe to supply the TV content. Cable companies probably won't block T-Mobile TV, because that's too heavy-handed, but they could make sure it buffers more or provides lower-quality video than their own services. If the cable internet companies keep their machinations mysterious enough that T-Mobile TV just appears to be a lousy product, they'll fend off the competitor without attracting much heat.
A reminder: half of all American households have either zero or one option for a home internet provider offering 25Mbps speeds, according to Ars Technica. Where there's competition in the US, it's usually either with a DSL provider that's too slow to deliver whole-home video streaming, or with a wireless or satellite provider that de-prioritizes your connection at a fraction of the 190GB per month the average American home uses each month.
If T-Mobile doesn't break that monopoly, then its TV play is just a lame game of catch-up with AT&T. That's why Wall Street is so interested in this purchase: AT&T has DirecTV and is able to offer complex, multiple-play bundles that T-Mobile can't match. But DirecTV is superior to T-Mobile's potential offering because it doesn't rely on your existing cable company to deliver its service.
I should also throw in there that if T-Mobile TV doesn't offer some sort of DVR solution, it's not competitive. But that doesn't affect my core argument.
T-Mobile 5G Must Break the Cable Monopolies
Yet Another Streaming Service, served via the overpriced cable internet you hate because you have no other choices, is not going to rock the world. Sorry, John. And I don't believe that Americans are going to give up their home internet and watch everything on their phones.
For T-Mobile to disrupt TV, it's going to have to offer a home-scale internet service, so people can watch their T-Mobile TV on multiple devices without getting de-prioritized after a few days.
None of the major wireless providers offer a 4G-based home internet service because 4G networks don't have enough capacity to give everyone an average of 190GB per month. But some 5G networks will, Verizon told me at an event last month. Next year, Verizon plans to roll out a 5G home internet product in three to five cities, starting with Sacramento, CA.
T-Mobile offering 5G home-scale internet would be a swerve for the company. T-Mobile CEO Neville Ray told CNET last week that the company wasn't interested in offering home internet because "the economics are flawed." That sounds to me like T-Mobile hasn't figured out how to make money on the kind of massive data consumption that a home TV service would imply.
You can't have internet-based TV without an ISP, and there's a desperate thirst for home broadband alternatives in this country. Pretty frequently, I get emails from readers who want to use 4G hotspots as their primary home internet access, and I have to break it to them that it'll only work if they sip, rather than gulp down their data.
In the merger announcement, the CEO of Layer3 said that "No market needs Un-carrier-ing more than pay TV." That's totally untrue. No market needs un-carrier-ing more than home internet. Without that step, un-carrier-ed pay TV will just be another curiosity in a crowded field of over-the-top services, while most people still take bundles from their cable provider, and grumble about it.
This article originally appeared on PCMag.com.
The actor got into an argument about President-elect Donald Trump, slapped the driver on the head and was arrested for battery, according to reports
The Silicon Valley comedian TJ Miller was arrested for battery on Friday, Los Angeles police said on Friday, for allegedly hitting an Uber driver over a political dispute.
A Los Angeles police spokesman, officer Aareon Jefferson, said Miller was arrested about 1am at his home, after police received a call from the 6900 block of Camrose Drive in Hollywood Heights.
Jefferson said Miller had been arrested for battery and was “later released under his own cognizance” but could not confirm any details about what led to the arrest. On Thursday night Miller had attended a magazine party, after which he took an Uber ride home, according to the celebrity gossip site TMZ.
TMZ reported that the driver and Miller had gotten into an argument about President-elect Donald Trump, and that Miller had slapped the driver on the head. The driver had then called police and “requested a prior personal arrest”, Jefferson said.
Contacted by BuzzFeed, Miller declined to comment. In November, he burned a Trump-brand tie on a late-night talk show, joking: “That's how shitty Donald Trump's ties are – they're not even flammable.”
Miller, 35, is best known from his role on the HBO comedy Silicon Valley, and his co-stars Kumail Nanjiani‏ and Thomas Middleditch reported a tense argument with Trump supporters last month, a few days after the presidential election. According to Nanjiani and Middleditch, two men approached them at a bar and began berating the actors as “cucks”, eventually threatening a fight.
Kumail Nanjiani and Thomas Middleditch confronted by Trump fans Read more
“At this point, the bouncer runs over, grabs them, kicks them out,” Nanjiani wrote on Twitter. “The bartender is awesome and apologetic. Thomas and I are stunned. This happened at a bar in LA surrounded by [people]. I can't imagine what it must be like to be someone who looks like me in other parts.”
A Pakistani American, Nanjiani has for months criticized Trump and the racist language of some of his supporters, who include the former Ku Klux Klan leader David Duke.
“We can't let hate/racism/bigotry/sexism be normalized,” Nanjiani‏ wrote. “If something happens, be safe, but let it be known we won't stand for this.
The Southern Poverty Law Center, a left-leaning organization that monitors hate groups, counted 867 hate incidents in the 10 days following Trump's election, including racist graffiti, vandalism and threats to mosques and immigrants. In an interview with CBS, Trump told supporters not to commit such acts: “If it helps, I will say this, and I will say right to the cameras: stop it.”
Whether you look at the "people talking" on candidate Facebook Pages (Likes, comments and shares over the past week) or the larger metric of Facebook buzz provided by USA Today's Facebook Barometer (Likes, comments, shares and mentions over the past week), the better a candidate is doing on Facebook, the better they tend to do in the subsequent primaries. Specifically with respect to the Democratic contest, we've seen Bernie Sanders rising in both Facebook buzz and in delegates won in the subsequent primaries and caucuses.
On March 8, 2016, while Hillary Clinton maintained a healthy Facebook buzz lead (34,053,000 vs. 24,651,000), according to USA Today's Facebook Barometer, Sanders numbers were rising and Clinton's numbers were falling from the previous week.
USA Today's Facebook Buzz 3/8/16 Delegates Won on 3/15/16 Candidate Trend FL IL MO NC OH Hillary Clinton 34,053,000 down 133 73 34 59 80 Bernie Sanders 24,651,000 UP 65 70 34 45 62
As the results show, Sanders was able to win a sizable number of delegates as Clinton in most of these contests, even tying her in Missouri. And as we then saw in the most recent round of contests, Sanders outperformed Clinton on both Facebook buzz and delegates won.
Facebook People Talking 3/22-28/16 22-Mar 26-Mar Candidate AZ ID UT AK WA HI Hillary Clinton 697,498 44 6 6 3 9 8 Bernie Sanders 1,178,158 30 17 26 13 25 17
Using the alternative measure of Facebook buzz provided by Facebook on the candidate's pages, we see that Bernie Sanders outperformed Clinton over the week of the last two sets of primaries and caucuses by nearly double. Correspondingly, Sanders picked up significantly more delegates in 5 of the 6 contests than Clinton.
The data suggests that if Bernie Sanders can maintain his dominance over Hillary Clinton with respect to Facebook buzz, he has a chance to accumulate more than enough pledged delegates to overtake her. Maintaining this edge, of course, remains a tall order. But unlike the analysis of pundits who keep talking about how the "math" is against Sanders, this analysis says that the probabilities currently favor Sanders. If he can keep it up, the pundits may learn, finally, that predicting elections is about probabilities, not math.
Story highlights Hillary Clinton remains atop the Democratic presidential primary field, a new poll shows
The Monmouth University poll also found that the economy is the top issue for primary voters
Washington (CNN) Hillary Clinton is holding steady atop the Democratic field nationwide and the economy still tops Democratic voter concerns, according to a Monmouth University poll released Wednesday.
Clinton tops Bernie Sanders 59%-26% nationwide, and former Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley has 4% support. The results are largely unchanged from Monmouth's last national survey of Democrats, released in October.
"Clinton successfully ran the gauntlet this fall, appearing before the Benghazi Committee and outlasting the specter of a Biden candidacy. She really hasn't lost ground since then," Patrick Murray, director of the Independent Monmouth University Polling Institute, said in a statement Wednesday.
The results mirror a CNN/ORC poll released earlier this month which found Clinton beating Sanders 58%-30%.
The Monmouth survey also found that Democrats are still largely concerned with the economy, even after the Paris and San Bernardino terrorist attacks -- 27% said they were most concerned about the economy and jobs, while 20% said national security and terrorism is their main concern.
A-LEAGUE referee Ben Williams has admitted he got two big penalty decisions wrong in the game between Western Sydney Wanderers and Adelaide United.
Just minutes after calling back a Federico Piovaccari goalscoring chance, Williams decided to wave away shouts from Adelaide defender Michael Marrone for a penalty after he was blocked by Nikolai Topor-Stanley. But speaking to Fox Sports after the game, Williams admitted his initial view was wrong.
WATCH BEN WILLIAMS' EXPLANATION IN THE VIDEO ABOVE
“The way I saw it from my position, with the Topor-Stanley challenge, was that Topor-Stanley had held his ground and the attacker had instigated the contact,” the referee said post-game. “And I felt it was normal contact — not simulation, not a penalty, hence the no call. Having seen the contact now, I think that was a penalty, so my apologies there.”
Round 21 Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre Visit Match Centre
But it wasn't the only contentious call the official was involved in, also recognising Wanderers attacker Mark Bridge should have been awarded a spot kick after he was brought down in the box by Dylan McGowan.
“As regards to the other challenge, the Mark Bridge challenge, from my position I saw the defender take the ball but I couldn't see the back leg. And the back leg is the one that probably takes Bridge and that's probably a penalty also.”
Williams added: “We never like to make errors but this is the way it goes and from my position that's what I saw on the day and obviously I will go back out onto the training park and work on that for the next match.”
The referees' decision to speak on Fox Sports program Kick Off was praised by pundit Mark Bosnich.
“I want to say, well done Ben Williams,” he said. “Because we've been asking for this for years and years and years in the A-League and it really does take a lot of air out of the balloon, so to speak.”
The City of Vancouver has decided not press charges under its animal control by-law, after a 72-year-old man pulled a folding knife and stabbed and killed a pit bull that was biting down on his pet pug's neck last November, at Kitsilano Beach Park.
In a letter posted by the dog's owner on Facebook about the attack on Pandora , city prosecutor Ellen Gerber says the evidence doesn't support a charge under the city's animal control by-law.
The attack happened Nov 20 around 1 p.m. PT when the pug's owner walked by a woman, who was with her pit bull in Kitsilano Beach park.
The owner of Pandora, a pit bull stabbed to death by an elderly man after it attacked his pet pug, has received a letter from the city saying no charges would be laid under the city's animal control by-law.
When the dogs approached each other, the larger pit bull suddenly bit down on the neck of the smaller dog.
Unable to separate the animals, the 72-year-old owner of the pug pulled out a folding knife he was carrying and stabbed the pit bull, killing it.
The pug was rushed to a veterinary hospital for stitches to its neck. Animal control officers also attended the scene.
Gerber says, even though the pug was being walked off leash, charges aren't appropriate.
"In light of the impact of Pandora's death on all persons involved, I am satisfied that further infractions are unlikely," she writes, "and that any conviction would result in a very small or insignificant penalty."
In a Facebook post, the pit bull's unsatisfied owner asks supporters to write letters to the city and says she is still hoping Crown counsel will consider criminal charges of animal cruelty.
However, at the time of the incident, Vancouver police said it didn't believe there was any basis for criminal charges.
Sex on railway tracks deprives woman of her head
A tragic and an utterly shocking incident took place in the suburbs of the city of Ulan-Ude (Siberia). A passing train blew off a woman's head, who was having sex with a man near railway tracks.
During sex, the woman was on top. She heard the noise from the approaching train and looked up.
According to police, the deceased and her partner were homeless individuals. Both were staying in a state of alcoholic intoxication the moment when the incident occurred.
Noteworthy, local residents often ignore safety rules when on railway tracks.
For example, on May 31, a train cut off a man's legs, killing him on the spot. The legless body of the man was found by the driver of another train on July 3, Baikal Daily said.
On July 11, a freight train ran over a woman and her two children, aged one and two years old. The younger child died on the spot. The woman and the other child suffered serious injuries and were rushed to hospital; their condition remains critical. The tragedy occurred due to violation of safety rules by the woman.
The mother decided to cross railway tracks in a place where it was not allowed and did not react to the signals from the driver of the approaching train. The crew of the train used the emergency brake, but the distance between the train and the people was too small.
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Also read: Thirteen terrible weird facts about women
CLOSE With the announcement, President Trump spelled out a new strategy for dealing with Iran, including new sanctions. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani address the nation on Iranian TV in response to President Trump's announcement that he will not certify the Iranian nuclear deal (Photo11: Iran Press TV)
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said Friday that Iran will "stick to" the international nuclear weapons agreement as written and that President Trump's efforts to scuttle it leave the United States "more isolated than ever."
Trump said on Friday that he would not re-certify the two-year-old agreement to Congress because Iran is allegedly not living up to the spirit of the deal and has committed “multiple violations.” Trump says that if Congress can't come up with new legislation, he will terminate the Obama-era pact.
In a 22-minute response on Iranian TV, Rouhani said Trump apparently does not realize that a U.S. president cannot unilaterally scrap a deal negotiated among many nations and certified by the United Nations.
The deal, formally known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of action (JCPOA), was struck in 2015 following negotiations by China, France, Germany, Russia, the United Kingdom, the European Union and Iran.
"No president can revoke an international document backed by the U.N. on his own," he said. "America took a hostile position against an international deal (and) once again the European Union also took a firm position against the U.S. America is now is more than ever isolated."
More: As President Trump moves to decertify Iran deal, Sen. Bob Corker outlines plan to fix it
More: Iran nuclear deal and Trump: What does decertification mean and other questions, answered
More: Analysis: What Trump's move on the Iran deal means
The Iranian leader also said Iran will not amend or change the deal and that Iran would "will continue to stick to" the deal "as long as our rights are provided and our needs are met."
Trump has called for renegotiating what he has described as the "horrible" agreement reached during the Obama administration.
Trump's remarks, he said, "showed the JCPOA is much stronger than what this gentleman thought of the deal in the presidential campaign." He later doubled down on that rhetoric with a series of Twitter posts late Thursday.
"Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today," Trump said on Twitter. "Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!"
Many people talking, with much agreement, on my Iran speech today. Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2017
Rouhani also pre-empted any attempt by the U.S. to try to use the increased tension as leverage to negotiate any other broader defense pact, such as limiting Iranian missile development.
He vowed that Iran would strengthen, not reduce, its conventional defense capability, including missiles.
"Our weapons are for deterrence and defense, and we will continue to grow our defense capability," he said. Trump's action, he said, had only served to unite the Iranian people.
Rouhani also chided Trump for referring to the Persian Gulf as the "Arabian Gulf," which Saudi Arabia prefers, noting that international maps, and even U.S. military maps, refer to the waterway as the Persian Gulf.
In addition, he charged that Trump does not seem to understand the past history of U.S. involvement in Iran, particularly the overthrow by the CIA of the democratically-elected president of Iran, Mohammad Mosaddegh, in 1953 and his replacement by the Western-backed Shah Mohammad Reza Bahlavi.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2ykgERV
Set 1
Mississippi Half Step-> Franklin's Tower-> Me & My Uncle, Roses> Little Red Rooster, Don't Ease Me In, Lazy Lightning> Supplication, Brown Eyed Women> Looks Like Rain> Deal
Set 2
Scarlet Begonias-> Fire On The Mountain-> Lost Sailor-> Saint Of Circumstance-> Drums-> The Wheel-> China Doll-> Truckin'-> Sugar Magnolia, E:Satisfaction-> E: Brokedown Palace
Notes:
-- All disc changes are seamless
-- Smokestack Lightning jam after Truckin'
plus-circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer: The Dirty Mac - favorite favorite favorite - March 11, 2017
Subject: It's Legit frankilin's will smoke your eyelids, friends,
the half-step just high stepped it outta here
love this music - March 11, 2017It's Legit
Reviewer: c-freedom - favorite favorite favorite - March 11, 2016
Subject: Half a cup of rock and rye... 1/2 Step>Frank- You know this sometimes meant that Help>Slip was not in the rotation but really this is a great combo all on it's own.
The sound is great! Heard some pretty crunchy me thinks accidental feedback during Half-Step.
Have to agree about MSG. What a great place to see a show. One of the few places where the Circus could come to town and just blend in perfectly with the ultimate typical city involved in a typical daydream.
This was home base for me so I could just grab the train and head into mid-town.
Actually in 1981 I was still in my early years of High School. So the Grateful Dead were not even on my radar yet.
Love the transition from Franklin's with the gear shift into Me and My Uncle.
I am pretty sure Weir could roll out of bed and give a good rendering of this tune.
THAT LOUD NOISE IN THE BEGINNING OF THE FIRST SONG THAT WASN'T A MISTAKE ,,,THAT WAS ART!!!
Bob Weir
Somebody has to release the best of banter recording.
The Roses-Jerry sounding great vocally!
Band has a nice punchy snappy sound going.
>Rooster-Lots of slide action
It didn't come until later in his tenure
but it cracked me up when Brent would improv his hen house line..
Dig hearing the drummers so clear.
Not used to getting Don't Ease in the middle of the set. I kinda like it because as a set closer it could rock but it also was way shorter then some of the more open ended tunes for set closers. (Brent all over this version)
Banter-Why don't we play LAZY LOVING
"You really get me HIGH"
Lightning>Supplication combo was fun
Never quite sure why it vanished
from the rotation???
Brown Eyed-Oh yes.>L.L.R-better in set 1
D---E----A-----L
Set 2-very sweet--well deserving a BROKEDOWN--EXCELLENT SHOW & SOUND--EASILY A FAVORITE! - March 11, 2016Half a cup of rock and rye...
Reviewer: JamsOnly - favorite favorite - May 23, 2015
Subject: Another Good 81 Highlights: Fire On The Mountain - May 23, 2015Another Good 81
Reviewer: chris phillips - favorite favorite - April 17, 2014
Subject: rails Very good set openers at this show plus a beautiful China Doll. - April 17, 2014rails
Reviewer: kee-zee - favorite favorite favorite - August 9, 2013
Subject: One pane of glass in the window.. Very good sound on this..thanx again Mr. Miller..I've been digging through 79'-81 and I've come across some interesting stuff..Brent finds his way through these years and by 82' you can hear how he becomes an integral part of the band..The Grateful Dead were at home in NYC and you feel and hear it in their playing..Think of all the HOT shows played in NYC...right..here is another example of the engine hitting on all cylinders..I love the song selection and the energy that emits from this show..so please..GIVE IT A WHIRL!!! Forever Grateful>Forever Dead - August 9, 2013One pane of glass in the window..
Reviewer: Dave B 1986 - favorite favorite favorite - May 17, 2013
Subject: Excellent Wow, this is a great copy of a great show. Half step and Franklins are both jammy and strong. There is a nice stretch between lazy lightning and supplication. It's not so unstructured as a '73 playing jam, but it has the improvisational beauty that is more associated with the early days. Deal rocks. Scarlet -Fire is 5 star from Brent's great keyboard sound on the opening bars of scarlet through jerry going nuts on the last jam in fire. Thanks for posting this. - May 17, 2013Excellent
Reviewer: brendanmcauley - favorite favorite favorite - May 16, 2013
Subject: Unique ending to Scarlet Fire and Great show!!! I have liked this show for a long time. I like this version the best. I listened to it today for the first time in about 8 years. So many shows to listen to...anyway- the highlights are the half step franklins- terrific noodlng by Garcia and the lazy light supplication is very spacy and well done. Jerry is 'on' tonight is what it comes down to. The scarlet fire ends with the lack of the coda jam at the end and instead has a twilighting sort of 'about to play comes a time or saint stephen' sort of sound...but alas they dip into a very well played sailor saint. I LOVE this show! Its in my top 25 all time now doubt- infact to contest this notion is to practically admit a lack of grateful dead bootleg knowledge...hahahah!JK I think its great! The Brown eyed is no slouch either! Crank it homey!Great quality. A not A plus but A quality. 7-13-84 is an Aplus board here...ummkaaaay... - May 16, 2013Unique ending to Scarlet Fire and Great show!!!
Andy Puzder has withdrawn his nomination for consideration in Donald Trump's Cabinet.
He was expected to be confirmed on Thursday as Labour Secretary and the withdrawal of his nomination would mean he is the first casualty of Mr Trump's cabinet.
Mr Puzder, a fast food chain CEO, has faced allegations of domestic abuse and of mistreating his workers, several of whom testified against him last month before the Senate.
A source close to the CKE Restaurants executive told CBS that Mr Puzder was "very tired" of the abuse he had received since his nomination late last year.
His senate hearing had been delayed five times as he failed to submit the appropriate ethics and financial paperwork.
The man who reportedly earned around $17,000 per day was described as a "sworn foe" of the minimum wage, and who was also against paid sick leave or maternity leave.
I am looking forward to my hearing. — Andy Puzder (@AndyPuzder) January 16, 2017
Republican support for the candidate quickly evaporated due to his allegations of workplace abuses and his support of increased immigration.
He would have needed 50 out of the 52 Republicans in the Senate to vote for him, due to a lack of votes from Democrats or Independents, but at least seven Republicans refused to stand by him.
"No matter how you cut it, there is no worse pick for Labour Secretary than Andrew Puzder, and I'm encouraged my Republican colleagues are starting to agree," Democratic leader Sen Chuck Schumer said prior to the announcement. "He does not belong anywhere near the Labour Department, let alone at the head of it. Puzder's disdain for the American worker, the very people he would be responsible for protecting, is second to none."
Mr Schumer later Mr Schumer later celebrated the withdrawal as a "victory for the American worker".
Abuse allegations from his ex-wife, Lisa Fierstein, recently received the most attention among Senators, after Oprah Winfrey gave the deciding Senate Committee a decades-old tape of Ms Fierstein on her show, detailing the alleged abuse.
Divorce records released this week show that Mr Puzder's ex-wife accused him of "striking her violently about the face, chest, back, shoulders and neck, without provocation or cause," according to The New York Times . A spokesman for Mr Puzder told the newspaper that sharing the allegations was "nothing more than a desperate attempt to tarnish Andy Puzder".
Ms Fierstein reportedly retracted elements of her allegations, which she related in a letter sent to the Senate committee.
Republican Senator Lamar Alexander said he had still intended to vote for Mr Puzder.
"That happened 27 years ago," he told Poltiico . "His former wife has said it was all not true. She has reiterated that in a heartfelt letter to members of the committee and has been willing to talk to members of the committee so I don't think that's an issue."
The cabinet setback comes shortly after Michael Flynn was forced to resign as national security adviser due to allegedly misinforming the FBI about his calls to the Russian ambassador last year, to assure the Russians that sanctions would be overturned.
 Play Video  Play  Mute Current Time 0:00 / Duration Time 0:00 Loaded : 0% Progress : 0% Stream Type LIVE Remaining Time -0:00 Playback Rate 1  Chapters Chapters descriptions off , selected Descriptions  subtitles off , selected Subtitles  captions settings , opens captions settings dialog
captions settings caption off , selected Captions Audio Track  Fullscreen This is a modal window. Caption Settings Dialog Beginning of dialog window. Escape will cancel and close the window. Text Color White Black Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Background Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Opaque Semi-Transparent Transparent Window Color Black White Red Green Blue Yellow Magenta Cyan Transparency Transparent Semi-Transparent Opaque Font Size 50% 75% 100% 125% 150% 175% 200% 300% 400% Text Edge Style None Raised Depressed Uniform Dropshadow Font Family Proportional Sans-Serif Monospace Sans-Serif Proportional Serif Monospace Serif Casual Script Small Caps Defaults Done Donald Trump's controversial cabinet
Education secretary Betsy DeVos also suffered a close shave to the cabinet as education secretary due to opposition from teachers, Democrats and civil rights campaigners.
Vice President Mike Pence cast a rare, tie-breaking vote in her favour, however, which ushered her into power.
Mr Trump's journey to fill as many as 4,000 government roles has been volatile, with many key cabinet roles still unconfirmed and many gaps within national security positions like the National Security Council.
The Champions League final perfectly portrayed Isco and James' constrasting fortunes. While Isco played an integral role in the demolition job on Juventus, James couldn't even make the bench. Both players like to play in an attacking role. Zidane clearly favours Isco with James reportedly heading for the door. Two world-class attacking midfielders but who do you think is better? It's Isco V James.
Isco V James: The case for Isco
Zidane is proving that his genius also extends to the touch-line. Isco has become a crucial part of the Madrid team that has blown away all comers this season. The Spaniard's stats this campaign are impressive. In just 30 domestic appearances (12 as a sub), Isco managed 10 goals and 8 assists. His passing success rate was 89.4%. While he also secured five man of the match awards.
Offensively, Isco contributed 1.2 key passes and 1.8 dribbles per match. In the Champions League, his average for key passes during a game was 1 while he upped his dribbling to 2.7 per match. Isco actually only played 386 minutes of Champions League football this season, and he managed one goal during these games.
While James's season went from bad to diabolical, Isco's trajectory went in the opposite direction. He ended up as a star player for Real and was a major reason they lifted the Champions League trophy for the second consecutive year.
Isco v James: the case for James
Perhaps the formation doesn't suit James' play? Or maybe Zidane doesn't trust the defensive side of his game. It does appear that the Colombian magician is being criminally underused at the Bernabeu. In just 22 league appearances this season, 9 of those coming as a substitute, James racked up 8 goals and 6 assists. His passing completion was at 89.1%, his highest since he arrived at Real. He took 1.5 shots per game and most impressively, managed to contribute 2 key passes every match.
James did not light up the Champions League this season, playing a total of 318 minutes. The midfielder still managed to create 2 assists and have 1.7 key passes per match. His successful dribbles per game sat at an astonishingly low 0.3 which probably reflects his unsuitability for Zidane's preferred formation.
When James scored that wonder goal at the 2014 World Cup, it wasn't long before Madrid signed him. 13 goals plus 13 assists in just 29 games during his first season showed what a talent he is. James shouldn't be judged on this wretched season. When comparing Isco and James, there can only be one winner.
What do you think? Zidane has clearly made up his mind already, but is Isco really better than James? Let us know by voting below:
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
The Democratic Party platform that delegates is expected to approve at next week's convention in Philadelphia absolutely endorses labor rights—spelling out clear support for union organizing and collective bargaining and pushing back against state-based and national attacks on the ability of workers to demand representation and a voice in the workplace. Ad Policy
“Democrats believe so-called ‘right to work' laws are wrong for workers—such as teachers and other public employees who serve our communities every day—and wrong for America,” the document declares. It goes on:
We will continue to vigorously oppose those laws and other efforts that would eliminate dues check-off procedures, roll-back prevailing wage standards, abolish fair share requirements, restrict the use of voluntary membership payments for political purposes, attack seniority, restrict due process protections, and require annual recertification efforts. We oppose legislation and lawsuits that would strike down laws protecting the rights of teachers and other public employees. We will defend President Obama's overtime rule, which protects of millions of workers by paying them fairly for their hard work.
That's a fair expression of where most Democrats stand on labor issues—especially with regard to the fight against the noxious “right-to-work” laws that have been advanced by Republican governors such as Wisconsin's Scott Walker and Michigan's Rick Snyder.
But that's not where Virginia Senator Tim Kaine has stood on labor issues—especially the fight against right-to-work laws. Kaine's no anti-labor zealot; his Senate voting record is highly rated by the AFL-CIO. But, as The Washington Post noted when the former Virginia governor was preparing his 2012 US Senate bid, “Kaine has supported Virginia's right-to-work law since he ran for governor in 2005, and his campaign says that position has not changed.” Kaine has said he strongly supports Virginia's “right-to-work” law.
Kaine, whom Hillary Clinton named as her vice-presidential running-mate Friday, is a congenial and well-regarded senior Democrat. He's close to President Obama and has been a reasonably reliable member of the Democratic Caucus since his election to the Senate in 2012. A social-justice Catholic who took time off from Harvard Law School to work as a missionary in Honduras, he has in recent years earned high ratings from the Planned Parenthood Action Fund and NARAL Pro-Choice America. As a serious student of the constitution, he had pushed back against executive overreach, especially on matters of war and peace. He has worked with the American Civil Liberties Union, championed international human rights, and consistently advocated for racial justice in a Southern state that not that many decades ago mounted a “massive resistance” to integration.
Yet Kaine has a history of breaking with labor and progressives on economic issues—to such an extent that headlines refer to the senator as “a Democrat Wall Street can like.” He has argued for looser banking regulations and was a leading advocate of granting fast-track authority for the unpopular Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.
Charles Chamberlain, the executive director of the progressive group Democracy for America, said Friday night that, while his group remains committed to helping the Democrats defeat a Republican ticket led by Donald Trump (an ardent critic of the TPP), “Kaine's support for fast-track authority for the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership and recent backing of bank deregulation will make our work more difficult.”
The independent Bernie Delegates Network—which surveyed Bernie Sanders delegates about vice presidential prospects—announced that “it is clear that Bernie delegates overwhelmingly disapprove of the choice of Tim Kaine as VP running-mate.” LIKE THIS? GET MORE OF OUR BEST REPORTING AND ANALYSIS
Kaine is an able communicator who will, undoubtedly, reach out to the skeptics—with the explanations and clarifications that politicians frequently provide when they join national tickets. The AFL-CIO, which has already endorsed Clinton, will talk him up. But for a good many labor stalwarts, Clinton's choice could be difficult to accept.
That's because Kaine has such a long history of defending his home state's right-to-work law. A decade ago, when he was serving as governor, Kaine referred to Virginia's right-to-work measure as “a law I strongly support.”
Five years ago, when he was serving as chairman of the Democratic National Committee, Kaine met with union leaders in Wisconsin. A Virginia Republican legislator claimed Kaine had gone soft in his opposition to “right-to-work reform measures.”
PolitiFact Virginia checked things out and concluded: “Kaine did meet with union leaders in Madison. But he supported Virginia's right-to-work laws during his gubernatorial campaign and his four years in office. Even the group that seeks to expand these laws [the National Right to Work Foundation] concedes Kaine did few things that troubled them.”
MEPs from across the political divide have joined forces in condemning Commission gun law proposals as "unworkable." Photo credit: PA
The proposals were brought forward in the wake of last November's Paris terrorist attacks.
A meeting on Tuesday of Parliament's internal market and consumer protection (IMCO) committee debated a raft of "compromise" proposals put forward by UK Tory MEP Vicky Ford.
Her proposals, which were generally welcomed by committee members, are designed to pave the way for formal negotiations to start on the draft legislation between Parliament, the Commission and member states.
RELATED CONTENT
Before that, the committee will vote next month on the compromise package.
Over 900 amendments to the Commission text have been put forward, including 800 from the IMCO committee.
The meeting started with members holding a minute's silence for the victims of the Orlando massacre at the weekend.
The Commission proposals, a revision of the EU firearms directive, are partly designed to stem the flow of illegal weapons to terrorist groups like I.S. as well as dangerous criminals.
However, several committee members criticised the draft as "unworkable", partly because they said it might also unfairly impact on people who own firearms legally, such as sportsmen and those in the hunting community.
French EPP group deputy Philippe Juvin said, "Hunters and shooters are not terrorists. They don't commit terrorist acts and we shouldn't be making life more difficult for these people. What we should be doing is terrorising the terrorists."
His comments were echoed by Maltese EPP group member Roberta Metsola, who said that despite the "global phenomenon" of terrorism, Parliament had to avoid a "knee-jerk" reaction to recent terrorist atrocities.
"We have to ensure that people like shooters and hunters do not become targets themselves," she told the committee.
Anna Maria Corazza Bildt, EPP group shadow rapporteur on the firearms dossier, agreed that while there was a need to "modernise" current gun laws, it was also important not to add "additional administrative burdens" on legal firearms holders.
Italian Socialist group member Sergio Cofferati also believed it was "crucial" to have medical checks on people seeking to own a firearm in order to ensure "they do not end up in the wrong hands."
Dita Charanzová, an ALDE group member from the Czech Republic, described the Commission proposals as "far from perfect", partly as she fears it may result in "massive" restrictions, particularly in ownership of semi-automatic weapons.
She said, "In finalising our position we need to strike the right balance between security concerns and the rights of gun owners."
Further comment came from Pascal Durand, a French Greens/EFA group deputy, who said the file was "one of the most sensitive" in the current parliamentary term.
He branded the commission proposals to update firearms legislation as "inadequate", saying there was also a need to make "efficient checks" on long-distance firearms sales.
A representative of the Dutch EU Council presidency told the meeting that he believes the agreement brokered last Friday with member states represented a "balanced approach" and called on Parliament to adopt its position on the draft law.
The aim, he said, was to start a formal dialogue once the Slovakian EU Council presidency gets under way on 1 July.
Ford brought the debate to a close by emphasising that the overall aim was to "close loopholes" in existing firearms legislation.
She is suggesting that a firearm should only be considered deactivated if the process is truly irreversible. She said there needs to be better exchange of information between member states and a reworking of the Commission's "impractical" plan to ban semi-automatic firearms that resemble automatic firearms.
She said, "The first text from the Commission was poorly worded and we need to make sure that the legislation is practicable."
(OTTAWA) - As Canada gears up to celebrate its 150th anniversary, also known as the 150th anniversary of Confederation, many Indigenous peoples in Canada will be struggling with unresolved human rights abuses, including a lack of clean drinking water, discrimination against Indigenous children, and an inquiry into the unexplained deaths and disappearance of hundreds of Indigenous women across the country.
“Childcare advocates are still pressing the Government of Canada to comply with a ruling issued by the Human Rights Tribunal to end discrimination against First Nation children in Canada,” said Elizabeth May, Leader of the Green Party of Canada (MP, Saanich-Gulf Islands). “Advocates are pushing the federal government to abide by an order to provide equitable funding for child and family services on reserves. This year's budget contained nothing to address this shortfall in funding. This blatant discrimination tarnishes Canada's human rights record.”
The lives of Indigenous children are negatively impacted by this lack of action on the childcare file and this is compounded by difficult situations caused by a lack of clean drinking water in more than 100 First Nation communities, said Lorraine Rekmans, Indigenous Affairs Critic for the Green Party of Canada.
“There are still 150 communities that don't have safe drinking water, and some of these boil-water advisories are more than two decades old. The lack of care and safety for Indigenous women is another issue at the heart of these abuses. First Nation communities are now in the midst of a national Inquiry into Missing and Murdered Indigenous Women and Girls, where commissioners are examining the systemic causes behind the violence that Indigenous women and girls experience, and their greater vulnerability to violence. Commissioners will study the underlying historical, social, economic, institutional and cultural factors that contribute to the violence. The province of Québec has also recently launched a wide-ranging inquiry into systemic racism within the Sûreté du Québec after many allegations of abuse at the hands of police officers,” Rekmans said.
“All of these issues are indicators that Indigenous communities are under assault, either through neglect or from systemic racism. On National Aboriginal Day, it's time Canadians soberly take stock of Canada's track record on human rights here at home,” Rekmans concluded.
- 30 -
For additional information or to arrange an interview, contact:
Dan Palmer
Press Secretary | Attaché de presse
dan.palmer@greenparty.ca
m: (613) 614-4916
Even softer, amazingly velvety texture
Richer, more dense and decadent color
Smoother, more uniform pigment distribution and blendability
Longer-lasting, more crease-free wear
OMG. Urban Decay didn't think they would ever want to change their already incredible Eyeshadows. But thanks to new advancements in formulation technology, they found a formula that will BLOW YOUR MIND.THE FORMULA:The secret to the new formula is Urban Decay's Pigment Infusion System, a vehicle for color that holds tightly to pigment and gives the formula its glide. The proprietary blend of ingredients allows color to weave itself through the Eye Shadow formula. What does all that mean? Insane color payout. Color that stays on your lids. Sparkle that doesn't fall. And velvety, suede-like smoothness and blendability.This amazing technology works for every shade and finish. Have you ever had trouble blending a black or purple shade? How about a matte? Every Urban Decay shade is silky, blendable, and stays put.Urban Decay is 100% cruelty-free.THE TOKEN: Packaging has been perfected as well. Inspired by NYC subway tokens, Urban Decay's gorgeous gunmetal compact allows you to pop your shadows out, and pop them into a Build Your Own Palette. (It's easy... no melting, magnets, or breakage.)
The Phillies brought in more veterans to supplement an already-aging core, and it is fair to wonder if the club is chasing good money after bad.
Major League Signings
Needs Addressed
Before addressing its roster, the Phillies set about formalizing what had already been expected: namely, that Hall of Famer Ryne Sandberg would take over as the skipper after serving as interim manager for the tail end of 2013. Guaranteeing Sandberg three years, the club made a clear commitment to his efforts to increase the hustle of a veteran-laden ballclub.
In off-the-field matters, the organization wrapped up a substantial new TV deal that figures to provide it $2.5B (and more) in revenue over the next 25 years. As I explained shortly thereafter, that deal should allow the club to maintain its place among the game's highest-revenue clubs, though it does not promise to advance the Phils beyond the other upper-echelon clubs.
Turning to the club's player assets, as I wrote back in October, Philadelphia GM Ruben Amaro Jr. faced a clear set of priorities, in the sense of roster areas where an MLB-ready player was needed. The club entered the offseason in the market for a corner outfielder, catcher, a couple of starters, and perhaps an arm for the bullpen.
Amaro tackled that list head on. He acted quickly to lock up a rejuvenated Byrd to play right field and to re-sign the longtime backstop Ruiz, plugging the two glaring holes in the everyday lineup. Having already decided to tender a contract to starter, Amaro then rounded out the rotation by picking up a bounceback candidate in Hernandez and jumping on the opportunity to sign the aging-but-excellent Burnett. With several minor league signings to build out the team's bench options, the club wrapped up a straightforward offseason that — on its face — addressed most of the team's needs.
Questions Remaining
Ryan Howard, Jimmy Rollins, and Chase Utley. "If the club we believe is going to break camp is able to stay on the field, we're a contending team," Amaro said. "My job is for us to try to be a contending team every year. Our payroll should allow us to do that. We had a couple of crappy years because we couldn't get guys on the field and couldn't get the performances we're accustomed to. Doc Halladay not being healthy crushed us. It's not his fault. It's just part of the game. When it happens to guys you are counting on with huge contracts, you can't just buy your way out with mediocre players." According to the thinking of Amaro , the big question facing this ballclub is simply the health of key players like, and. "If the club we believe is going to break camp is able to stay on the field, we're a contending team," Amaro said. "My job is for us to try to be a contending team every year. Our payroll should allow us to do that. We had a couple of crappy years because we couldn't get guys on the field and couldn't get the performances we're accustomed to. Doc Halladay not being healthy crushed us. It's not his fault. It's just part of the game. When it happens to guys you are counting on with huge contracts, you can't just buy your way out with mediocre players."
Cliff Lee, and Jonathan Papelbon have not suffered any injury issues, while costly setup man Mike Adams seems to be progressing well in his return from injury. But is that really the case? Those three have been relatively healthy over the spring, with each getting at least 46 plate appearances in Grapefruit League action. Other expensive, older players like Ruiz, Byrd,, andhave not suffered any injury issues, while costly setup manseems to be progressing well in his return from injury.
Nevertheless, questions persist. It remains difficult to see where the team will make up the production deficit that left it only about halfway to the WAR total posted by the lowest-level playoff teams in 2013.
Cole Hamels, has struggled to get off the ground in the spring. The so-far disappointing Cuban signee Miguel Alfredo Gonzalez, along with important younger arms like Jonathan Pettibone and Ethan Martin, have suffered shoulder problems as well. Various ailments have cropped up amongst some younger bench options like Darin Ruf and Freddy Galvis. To some extent, the continued uncertainty is due to bad luck, with injuries striking at the portion of the roster that was not considered most susceptible. One of the team's few seemingly sure things, co-ace, has struggled to get off the ground in the spring. The so-far disappointing Cuban signee, along with important younger arms likeand, have suffered shoulder problems as well. Various ailments have cropped up amongst some younger bench options likeand
David Buchanan as possible rotation candidates. The bullpen includes out-of-nowhere youngster Mario Hollands. And the team was looking at filling out its bench with names like Abreu (the 40-year-old version) and Brignac (lifetime .221/.262/.311 hitter) before settling on Gwynn and dealing for Nix for the final slots. Of course, some share of the blame here must also go to the organization's general lack of depth. While the bullpen looks to be in decent shape, the paper-thin starting depth has left the club looking to O'Sullivan, Manship, andas possible rotation candidates. The bullpen includes out-of-nowhere youngster. And the team was looking at filling out its bench with names like Abreu (the 40-year-old version) and Brignac (lifetime .221/.262/.311 hitter) before settling on Gwynn and dealing for Nix for the final slots.
Domonic Brown's defense to Ben Revere's ability to get on base. Even if the once-great core of Howard, Rollins, Utley, and Ruiz finds the fountain of youth, and even if Byrd and Burnett can somehow maintain their own late-career surges at 37 and 36 years of age, respectively, it still is not clear that this team has the pieces to be a contender. Even the more promising, younger big leaguers have unanswered questions, ranging from's defense to's ability to get on base.
The real question entering the offseason was never just about the health of guys who once led Philly to a World Series. And it was never about what positions on the field needed additions, which was obvious enough. Instead, the offseason posed the question of how those open slots would be filled.
As I wrote at the outset, the organization appeared to face a tough choice between aggressively buying or aggressively selling. Choosing once again to supplement its veteran core without changing the team's trajectory, I suggested, carried a significant risk of fielding an expensive, injury-prone, low-ceiling ballclub.
The decisions that were ultimately made — adding mostly mid-level free agents in their mid-to-late thirties on relatively short-term deals — carry precisely the risk that I noted. The club is carrying a record payroll. It is already riddled with injuries (and, more importantly, largely lacks the upper-level minor league talent to cover for those injuries), all before those players most susceptible have entered the grind of the season. And projection systems and scouts alike have been down on the Phillies all spring.
One could say that the biggest question for the Phillies in 2014 is whether they can somehow find the fountain of youth that seems necessary to get prime-level production from their many post-prime (albeit still-talented) players. But it may be that the true question facing Philadelphia is simply when it will begin to sell off pieces.
Amaro seems to appreciate that the time may come for a teardown — he said recently that, if the team does not win, he will need to "figur[e] out what's the transition move." But it is eminently arguable both that the team should already have some plan in place, and that the point for action has already been reached. (When asked if he ha a "disaster plan" in place, Amaro said his "thought process is to stay positive," while acknowledging that, "we also can't be so blinded to the fact that if this doesn't work out we're going to have to make some tough decisions.")
Hunter Pence and Shane Victorino show that Amaro is willing to deal away veteran talent. (Of course, those may or may not have been the right pieces to move. In the above-cited piece, Amaro said he would "probably not" handle things differently in retrospect and explained that he believes "they were more solid complementary players than superstars.") To be fair, the Phillies are already said to have tried and failed to move Papelbon and Rollins. The latter has once again become the subject of some trade speculation after apparently landing in Sandberg's just-constructed doghouse. And the trades ofandshow that Amaro is willing to deal away veteran talent. (Of course, those may or may not have been the right pieces to move. In the above-cited piece, Amaro said he would "probably not" handle things differently in retrospect and explained that he believes "they were more solid complementary players than superstars.")
But as things stand, several of the team's contracts seem completely immovable, others would require Philly to eat significant chunks of the future outlay, and virtually all are complicated by the generous no-trade protection that the team included. If Amaro finally comes around to what many observers have suggested — looking to offload some of the club's worst contracts for whatever prospects and/or salary relief he can find — it may be difficult for him to find much value at all in return.
Deal of Note
It is difficult to choose a single deal to highlight, because essentially all of the Phillies' offseason moves seem predicated on roughly the same idea of adding support pieces to an existing core. But the Ruiz deal comes with the most risk (and, in some ways, the most upside). A brief scroll through MLBTR's list of catcher contracts of three or more years reveals that none of those players were anywhere near Ruiz's age (35) when they inked their deals. And Ruiz is coming off of a clear down year, with concerns ranging from health to performance.
But the real issue is not how this deal will look if it does not pan out, but how it will look even if it does. Will the 2016 Phillies have a need for a 37-year-old Ruiz?
Michael Young were the two key additions, along with the younger Revere, with Lannan, Delmon Young, and Chad Durbin all getting guaranteed deals as well. While Byrd and, especially, Burnett is much more significant upgrades, the rest of the roster is all a year older now. The Ruiz contract marries Amaro's commitment to the players most closely tied to the Phils' former glory and his recent tact of spending large but not monumental sums of money on aging complementary pieces. Last year , of course, Adams andwere the two key additions, along with the younger Revere, with Lannan,, andall getting guaranteed deals as well. While Byrd and, especially, Burnett is much more significant upgrades, the rest of the roster is all a year older now.
It remains to be seen whether the club can make one or two more runs at glory, but it seems a near certainty that the longer it waits to reload — instead spending cash and adding players to try to field a winner — the more painful that process will be.
Conclusion
It is hard to argue with Amaro's core thesis: "My job is for us to try to be a contending team every year. Our payroll should allow us to do that." Whatever else one may say about the embattled GM, he (and, perhaps more importantly, team ownership) have shown every willingness to plunk down serious coin to deliver a winner. One result, of course, was a great run of division titles and a championship.
But the World Series win came in 2008, and the last division title was had in 2011. The NL East belongs now to the Nationals and Braves, with the Marlins and Mets both showing signs of future health. Philadelphia is caught in the middle, and seems to have ground to make up after only recently delving into modern analytics.
Fortunes can change quickly, of course, and the Phillies have the financial clout to effect a quick turnaround. But what model are they following? Last year's Red Sox had already taken a heavy dose of pain in dealing away their big contracts. This year's Yankees spent an immense amount of money in an effort to buy their way out of their own declining roster logjam, locking up nine players at an average annual value of $16.24MM. Philadelphia signed five players for eight total years at an AAV of just $7.95MM, with the average age of those player-seasons falling just shy of 36.
Until the Phils choose a strategy that offers a clear path forward, the organization faces the risk of a continued slide not only in the standings but also in the attendance rankings . The difficulty, of course, comes in deciding upon that strategy. The Cubs' recent experience shows that a full rebuild can be quite painful, even for a team with resources.
Brian McCann, Shin-Soo Choo, and Matt Garza would have been fits) might have made the team a likelier contender in the near-term. Either way, the club would be headed somewhere; as presently constituted, it seems stuck in neutral while carrying the league's So, what should the Phillies have done this past offseasion and what is the path forward? I won't claim to know the answers to either question. It could be that there is little value to be had in shipping out the team's most undesirable contracts and that the team's recent commitments won't hamstring future spending. But I can't help but feel that a more decisive direction would have better served the club. Trading Lee, Utley, and/or Rollins while foregoing Byrd, Ruiz, and/or Burnett might have brought back some young talent and built up the organizational war chest to be an opportunistic buyer of high-priced, somewhat younger players. Alternatively, adding a longer-term, impactful free agent or two (players like, andwould have been fits) might have made the team a likelier contender in the near-term. Either way, the club would be headed somewhere; as presently constituted, it seems stuck in neutral while carrying the league's third-highest payroll
Photo courtesy of USA Today Sports Images.
We've launched a new section on the Stats Centre in which you can now view stats the Top Players each week. An area designed to allow bloggers to analyse week by week in an easier way rather than the old areas in which you have to go through match by match.
Most Creative Players Premier League Match Day 18
Vurnon Anita was the most creative player this week with 6 chances created and then there were five players on 5 chances created. Out of the top ten it was Steven Gerrard that got two assists.
Quick Navigation for Match Day 18
Most Creative Players | Top Passers | Most Final 3rd Passes
Most Possession Wins | Assists Table | Most Shots
Top Passers for Premier League Match Day 18
It would normally be one of Yaya Toure, Mikel Arteta or Michael Carrick and two of them appear in the Top two here. Yaya passed the 100 mark once again (third time this season). David Luiz also appears in the Top 10 after being drafted into the midfield by Rafa Benitez.
Quick Navigation for Match Day 18
Most Creative Players | Top Passers | Most Final 3rd Passes
Most Possession Wins | Assists Table | Most Shots
Most Final Third Passes on Premier League Match Day 18
Quick Navigation for Match Day 18
Most Creative Players | Top Passers | Most Final 3rd Passes
Most Possession Wins | Assists Table | Most Shots
Most Possession Wins on Premier League Match Day 18
David Luiz continues to impress in midfield and he's joint top in possession wins after Chelsea smashed Villa for 8 at Stamford Bridge.
Quick Navigation for Match Day 18
Most Creative Players | Top Passers | Most Final 3rd Passes
Most Possession Wins | Assists Table | Most Shots
Assist Table for Premier League Match Day 18
Oscar joined Gerrard on two assists – the impressive stat for Oscar was that he was only on the pitch for 23 minutes and therefore averaged an assist every 11.5 minutes!
Quick Navigation for Match Day 18
Most Creative Players | Top Passers | Most Final 3rd Passes
Most Possession Wins | Assists Table | Most Shots
Most Shots for Premier League Match Day 18
Luis Suarez once again topped the most shots on goal however it's the clear-cut chances that are interesting for those attempting the most shots. Suarez scored one of his clear-cut chances whereas Michu only had one and duly dispatched the tap in. Jelavic missed two whilst Tevez and Kone missed one each too.
Quick Navigation for Match Day 18
Most Creative Players | Top Passers | Most Final 3rd Passes
Most Possession Wins | Assists Table | Most Shots
Deep packet inspection gear has long had the ability to peer inside users' datastreams to pull out all sorts of interesting information, but a UK company called Phorm is taking DPI to the next level by using it to sell ads. The company's ambitious goal: segment users into small and highly-accurate "channels" by reading the URLs they visit, the search terms they use, and the content of the pages they visit. The resulting channels are then sold to advertisers who are salivating at the thought of better targeting. Actual users are predictably less thrilled, however, and a row over the issue has erupted in Britain.
Phorm made its announcement on Valentine's Day. The company said that it had inked deals with the three largest ISPs in the UK: BT, Talk Talk, and Virgin Media. The ISPs will place Phorm's gear inline on their networks, where it will have access to the datastream of all users. Phorm charges advertisers for access to highly-targeted customers, and it splits this revenue with the ISP. In addition to offering the benefit of more relevant ads, the company says that its gear will also warn users if they happen to visit phishing sites. So everyone wins, in theory.
But plenty of users don't see it that way. Web sites like BadPhorm have already sprung up, encouraging users to take action by pressuring their MPs and by complaining to ISPs.
The story has gained significant traction in the UK this week, with multiple pieces in the major UK media outlets. The Register even had the chance to interview Phorm's CEO on Friday at the company's London offices, and CEO Kent Ertegrul made clear that Phorm has nothing to hide. In fact, it welcomes scrutiny and has opened its system up to inspection by groups like Privacy International. Phorm claims that its system is far better for privacy than, say, Google's AdSense, since the analysis of the datastream is done in memory and only the user's "data digest" (stripped of all identifying information) is retained.
The real story of Phorm is "how you can run an advertising service and store nothing," Ertegrul told The Register. He's also convinced that raising the value of online ads will actually lead to less advertising on the sites that use Phorm's Open Internet Exchange (OIX), since web site operators know that ads interfere with content. We'll see.
Ertegrul knows that he needs to overcome consumers' gut reactions to the idea of advertisers targeting them based on clickstream data, but Phorm isn't helped in that work by having once been an adware (not spyware, it insists) provider. Before changing its name to Phorm last year, the company was known as 121Media, and it offered adware services including PeopleOnPage, which would show you others who were browsing a web page and allow you to chat with them (while showing you ads).
Also controversial is the idea that ISPs would simply opt all of their users into the scheme. Final announcements haven't been made, but this does seem the only real way to ensure enough participation to make the whole exercise worthwhile. Fortunately, opting out is as simple as blocking Phorm's cookie, and the company promises that no bandwidth throttling or other consequences will follow.
Where's the win-win?
All eyes are on Phorm and the UK's top ISPs to see if users will eventually acquiesce to the idea of being tracked online. The likelihood of the system staying on the right side of the law seems great to us, but only if Phorm's claim that this technology is AdSense-like is upheld.
The bigger issue is customer reaction. When one thinks back to the launch of Gmail, which was really the first time that AdSense came in for a beating owing to some folks' concern over a machine reading their e-mail and serving ads based on them, the majority of users didn't sweat it. That had a lot to do with Gmail being a win-win situation: you got a great web-based e-mail client and (then an unheard of) 1GB of space. Most people overlooked the privacy issue and didn't think too deeply about it.
With Phorm's plan, there doesn't appear to be a win-win aside from perhaps some phishing alerts, which frankly doesn't get us too excited. Without that win-win, users will scrutinize the deal more heavily, even if it is truly machine-based like AdSense is.
Further reading:
Easier, Faster and Cheaper with a Blockchain Database
While the bitcoin network itself is virtually unhackable, third-party wallets and exchanges are vulnerable. Finally, the network is difficult to scale, as the system can only process three transactions per second, and subject to both legal and regulatory risk.
Blockchain, the "cryptographically secure system of messaging and recording in a shared database" that makes it possible to transact value without a third party, is the more powerful potential disruptor. When one institution or company controls a database, it's easier for bad actors inside or outside the institution to manipulate the information on it than when records are distributed across multiple stakeholders who must achieve consensus to update the ledger. What's more, having a single blockchain database to which all users have access eliminates the need for a central counterparty and for maintaining multiple individual databases, which can make transactions and record-keeping easier, faster, and cheaper.
Blockchain – the New Kid on the Block
The most obvious potential use for blockchain technology is the one that already exists – payment systems. While Credit Suisse doesn't see blockchain as a threat to Visa and MasterCard – the major card networks have built up trusted brand names, enormous scale, and fast processing speeds that would be difficult for blockchain applications to match – the Bank believes interbank payment systems are ripe for disruption. Interbank payment systems such as SWIFT are old, inflexible, slow, and increasingly prone to cyberattacks at a time when banks are under tremendous pressure to cut costs and protect customer data from hackers, which blockchain could achieve.
Spending and Saving
Banks spend 14 percent of the GDP they generate on information technology, a figure blockchain could reduce. Individual banks maintain numerous different ledgers that are costly and complicated to update, and there is a great deal of duplication among bank ledgers, too. When one bank owes the other money, each one keeps separate records of that debt. One shared ledger across and among banks would significantly reduce IT and compliance costs, as it would be easier to trace asset ownership to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-terrorism, and know-your-customer regulations. Shared ledgers would also give bankers more visibility across divisions, potentially helping to identify customers for specific products. Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Santander, and many more are all investing in blockchain research and applications.
Stock Exchange Benefits
Blockchain could also accelerate the ponderous process that occurs after an order is placed on the stock market. Though stock orders are placed and filled in nanoseconds, trades take several days to settle. The transfer of stock assets is already becoming increasingly digitized, and the European Union even plans to eliminate physical stock certificates by 2025. The next logical step is to digitize and combine the individual ledgers that brokers, exchanges, clearinghouses, registrars, central securities depositories, and custodians keep to make reconciling trades cheaper, faster, and, for clearinghouses that hold assets while waiting for trades to settle, less risky. Humans won't be completely extraneous: Credit Suisse believes the financial system will still need brokers or exchanges to reverse accidental trade orders, registrars to match online blockchain identities with real-life traders, and central counterparties to net trades – that is, reconcile the net effect of market moves when institutions trade with one another multiple times over a three-day period. The Bank also believes the price discovery mechanism that exchanges provide would still be necessary in a blockchain world.
Lower trading costs could result in higher trading volumes, a potential boon for exchanges with significant cash trading and derivatives businesses such as BME, Deutsche Borse, and Euronext. As for other exchanges, NASDAQ has implemented blockchain technology to complete and record private-market transactions, which have been historically kept in manually updated, error-prone spreadsheets, as well as a blockchain-based proxy-voting tool for shareholders in Estonian companies. The company sees additional efficiency opportunities in post-trade operations, private placements and IPOs. Meanwhile, the vertically integrated Australian Securities Exchange (ASX), which has until recently had a monopoly in clearing and settling trades, is also experimenting with distributed ledgers. It's something of a risk: By settling trades faster, the exchange could justify higher prices for its services, but if blockchain eliminates the need for clearing services, up to 7 percent of the company's revenue could disappear.
Keeping Piracy at Bay
Reducing the costly problem of piracy would be a significant boon to media companies, and blockchain could help. Blockchain systems could create "a world in which all content and its metadata (information identifying those with legitimate revenue claims…) is transparently, accurately and immutably stored," making it harder to pirate. Reducing piracy worldwide could add as much as $6.1 billion (40 percent) to incremental revenues for global music companies, Credit Suisse estimates. A blockchain system could also be configured to automatically distribute revenue to each party with rights to it, such as the songwriters, labels, artists, and licensees who own pieces of a single song.
Weapon against Bureaucracy
Finally, blockchain might even slash through government red tape. The British Government Office for Science said in a recent paper that distributed ledgers could one day be used to collect taxes, pay out government benefits, issue passports and driver's licenses, and create a single database of government identifications. "The implications of this, if ever implemented, could be profound in terms of the eradication of bureaucracy and the acceleration of process speeds," Credit Suisse analysts write. That would be good news for the consultants and business services companies that would set up the new systems, but ultimately begs the question of whether their services would be needed in the future.
The Week in Mormonism, 5/22/16: Deutero-Isaiah Explained, What South Park Got Wrong
Jonathan Ellis Blocked Unblock Follow May 22, 2016
Maxwell Institute scholar Donald Perry studies the oldest known copy of the Book of Isaiah
Dr. David Bokovoy is the author of Authoring the Old Testament (also at Amazon and Deseret Book), where he draws on his PhD in Hebrew Bible and the Ancient Near East to introduce an LDS audience to textual and historical studies of the Pentateuch and the Book of Abraham. Authoring the Old Testament made quite a splash when it appeared two years ago, with glowing reviews in The Deseret News (“insightful and spiritually edifying”) as well as virtually every blog in Mormonism. (The two most incisive reviews are Kevin Barney's and Colby Townsend's, with an honorable mention for Michael Barker's as most detailed.)
This is to explain that Bokovoy knows what he's talking about. And also to say that if you haven't read Authoring the Old Testament then you really need to remedy that if you're at all interested in the subject. I can't recommend it too highly.
This week, Bokovoy explains (part 1, part 2) how we know that Deutero-Isaiah (Isaiah chapters 40–55) are a later (mid 6th century BC) addition to material written by the historical prophet Isaiah in the 8th century BC (chapters 1–39, for the most part).
Deutero-Isaiah has been a sore point for some Mormons for nearly a century. At least as far back as Joseph Fielding Smith, conservative Mormons have dismissed scholarly work on the subject as stemming from a secular unwillingness to accept that Isaiah could write about 6th century events because he saw the future with the gift of prophecy. They argue that Deutero-Isaiah must have been written by Isaiah himself, because otherwise it couldn't have been on the brass plates that Nephi took before Jersualem was destroyed.
Conservative evangelicals make a similar argument: “John quotes from both ‘halves' of Isaiah, and attributes them to Isaiah. So who wrote Isaiah (all of it)? Isaiah.” Authorship of the Gospels is outside our scope here, but Mormons have long rejected a rigid view of Biblical infallibility, and have no trouble accepting that John could have simply been quoting a source as it was familiar to him, without necessarily making a prophetic endorsement of its provenance.
But the evidence that drives scholars to conclude that Deutero-Isaiah is written by a different, later author is much more than a secular reluctance to accept prophecy. To summarize Bokovoy's article,
“Deutero-Isaiah provides a polemical response to the Cyrus Cylinder.” (The Cyrus Cylinder is a Babylonian document created sometime between 539–538 BCE, to which Isaiah chapters 44 and 45 offer a rebuttal.) “Even though Isaiah predicted judgment against his people, he held fast to a view scholars refer to as ‘the inviolability of Jerusalem.' Isaiah believed that Jerusalem was a sacred place that could not be annihilated by its enemies… In contrast to this perspective, Isaiah 40 begins as a message of comfort to the Judean people since Jerusalem had been destroyed. This was not something that the historical Isaiah believed would happen.” “The material in Deutero-Isaiah was highly influenced by the book of Jeremiah, a prophet who lived after the time period of the historical Isaiah.” “The authors of 40–66 knew exilic and postexilic material including Lamentations.” “Unlike what we find in the first half of the book of Isaiah, Aramaic has heavily influenced the language in Isaiah 40–66. Not only does this fact provide compelling proof that the material in 40–66 was written by other authors, it shows that these authors were living in a time when Jews were speaking Aramaic.” “Unlike what we encounter in the historical oracles of Isaiah, the material in Isaiah 40–66 contains many, many examples of Hebrew words and phrases that appear solely in the exilic and postexilic periods.”
Tom Hardman offers a balanced take on the implications for the Book of Mormon:
I have faith that the Book of Mormon is the “word of God.” As for what that means with respect to authorship of the book of Isaiah, I'm far less certain. While it is certainly possible that the scholarly consensus is incorrect, there does appear to be considerable evidence supporting post-exilic authorship of Isaiah 40–66. In any event, I believe that biblical scholars like Dr. Bokovoy are simply doing their best to honestly seek after the truth. Their efforts should be applauded, even when their conclusions make us uncomfortable. The words of Henry Eyring come to mind: “The fundamental principle that has guided my religious life is that I need to believe only what is true. The gospel is the truth as learned or discovered by whatever means and tools I can lay my hand or mind on.”
Thoughts on Things and Stuff explains what South Park got wrong about the early Church:
In Episode 12 of Season 7 of the irreverent Comedy Central cartoon “South Park” viewers were treated to a story “All About Mormons” (See the full episode on hulu.com). The episode included modern adventures of the South Park gang dealing with a new LDS family in town — but also depicted scenes from early Church history and in particular Joseph Smith and the events of early church history. This included the First Vision, the encounter with the angel Moroni, the translation of the Book of Mormon and the loss of the first 116 pages…
Just how accurate was the South Park episode? Did they get anything wrong? Why has no one taken the time to debunk the parody of Mormonism and caricature of Joseph Smith that Matt Stone and Trey Parker unleashed into modern culture?
Jonathan Streeter and historian Christopher Smith came up with sixteen things South Park got wrong or oversimplified, starting with the implication, expressed as a refrain in the song introducing Joseph Smith, that Mormons is “dumb” for believing him.
Reviews and Books
Sexual Assault at BYU
Other Links
What do we like best about male models? Is it the chiseled facial features? Or is it the stoic and strong look of someone who can shield us when things go wrong? Maybe it's the kind and soulful eyes that tell you there is more to the model then just good looks.
Whatever reason you can come up with, we've found a new model that has all of these in spades. Beauty comes in many different packages and today that package is a gorilla! Take a look at the “strong but silent” model who is making waves in the animal kingdom and the Internet.
This tall drink of water comes courtesy of Twitter where his rugged good looks have been breaking all the human standards of handsomeness. Just look at his piercing gaze and stoic face.
This brooding figure that has captured hearts all over Japan is Shabani, a Western Lowland Gorilla living at the Higashiyama Zoo and Botanical Gardens in Nagoya. His piercing gaze has been noticed by fans who are calling him ikemen, or an extremely good-looking guy.
▼ How is that for some “blue steel”
Shabani has been living at Higashiyama since 2007, but only now is his popularity noticeably making a difference. Many zoo officials have commented that Shabani has increased the number of young women visiting the zoo.
▼ His chiseled face brings all the young ladies to the yard, uh, we mean zoo.
All the comments for this handsome gorilla have been overflowing with love and admiration.
“Shabani, the gorilla at the Higashiyama Zoo and Botanical Gardens, seems really popular! He must be an ikemen.”
“Look at Shabani's flirtatious glances!!!”
“He's too good-looking!”
“This era isn't just for Johnny's! It's for sexy gorilla Shabani!”
“Rock and Roll Shabani!”
People can't get enough of this hunky gorilla, so if you want to see Shabani yourself, you'll have to get down to the Higashiyama Zoo and Botanical Gardens. Beauty may be in the eye of the beholder, but these good looks are never going out of style.
Zoo info
Higashiyama Zoo and Botanical Gardens / 東山動植物園
3-70, Higashiyama-motomachi, Chikusa-ku, Nagoya 464-0804
〒464-0804名古屋市千種区東山元町3-70
Open Tuesday-Sunday 9:00 a.m. to 4:50 p.m.
Source: Hachima Kikou
Images: Twitter/@utamarukousa and @a7r3_tm
Greetings Citizens,
You've got questions, we've got answers! Last week, we kicked off a concept sale for two new variants of the Vanguard deep space fighter. This week, we'll be answering questions collected on the forums on Wednesday and Friday. These questions have been reviewed by designer Calix Reneau and will hopefully clear up anything you're wondering about the ship.
We will also be premiering a new piece of concept art with each Q&A post, available to the right below the blueprint. Enjoy!
Question & Answer
Before we address the other questions, we'd like to (hopefully!) clarify some of the confusion around the Battlefield Upgrade Kits. These kits are collections of components that can be mounted on the base ship to give it the specifications of one of the other models. For example, the Sentinel upgrade kit includes a set of nose mount guns, the turret-mounted sensor suite, an alternate escape pod (with a tech terminal and computer core) and components for the AR cockpit. These components can be installed together as one unit or they can be broken down into their individual pieces and used in that way (so you might change the nose gun but not the turret, or the escape pod but not the cockpit.)
With the Vanguard's extended range, could one of the variants be used for exploration and/or scouting? Will we see any other swappable pods, such as cargo, medical or holding cells?
The Vanguard would be a good base for a scout and/or exploration ship, with the Warden being the best platform. We may make additional upgrade kits available in the future, although the goal is never to have ships pre-configured to do every role. We'd like ships to have strong identities, and we don't want to stomp on that by making every ship a master of all trades. More likely, you'll end up designing out your own Vanguard variants using individual components found in the ‘Verse, swapping them back and forth depending on their strengths and weaknesses.
Will the turret of the Vanguard Warden still be able to fully retract, like it was shown in the original concept?
This is still in the plans.
Just a quick one regarding the Sentinel, the first line states “The conversion features an AR cockpit”. How will this work/be different in comparison to the HUD system we have in place now?
The AR cockpit is a more complex interface, more akin to the tactical stations found on Star Citizen's capital ships. It's intended to give the Sentinel a broader view of the battlefield, providing the pilot and crew with enhanced information courtesy of their superior sensor array!
Will the Harbinger be slower than the Warden and the Sentinel because of the weight?
Yes, speed (and potentially maneuverability) will be decreased when in bomber configuration.
The stat page gives no indication of a jump drive for all 3 models. So will they have a jump drive?
All three models include a jump drive.
Can I mix-match parts from the BUK 's? (Warden nose guns + Harbinger missile turret?)
Yes, the BUKs are simply collections of parts that can be applied to the different ships. Please note that once the BUK has been ‘broken up' then the parts will all need to be installed separately as individual components.
Are the BUK s a permanent item in the store, or when the Vanguard sale is over, do these leave the store as well?
The BUKs are not a permanent item in the store, but they will be available in-universe once the game launches. (That's the key difference between a BUK and a CCU; the CCU is a permanent conversion which exists outside of the Star Citizen world, the BUK is something you might buy in a store on ArcCorp for your ship.)
My question is how can it dock with other craft? Can other vessels like Constellations, Retaliators, Redeemers etc with an extendable docking collar match up with a Vanguard?
The Vanguard is designed for landing rather than on-orbit rendezvous. As such, it does not have a ring for ship-to-ship docking. (It can still be boarded, or manually exited… but both will involve EVA.)
Is the Harbinger more heavily armored than the Warden and Sentinel?
Yes, the Harbinger has additional armor.
Are the cockpit differences purely cosmetic or are they functionally different? (Sentinel's AR cockpit, Harbinger's armored panels)
The cockpits are functionally different. The Sentinel features an AR cockpit, discussed above, and the Harbinger's cockpit includes additional armored panels to protect the pilot. These upgrades are included in the BUK packages.
What would be the benefit of keeping the Warden whose interior module is essentially only a fancy escape pod over switching to the torp bay or electronic warfare module?
The Warden escape pod is the only one with long term life support and beds – escaping in this will give a greatly improved chance of being recovered without the cost of a ‘life'. The escape pod of the other variants will only give slightly improved chance over standard ejection.
Does the rocket turret on the Harbinger have guidance for the rockets, or are they dumb fire?
The standard rockets are dumb fire. It's possible that other options will be available in the ‘Verse.
In an impressive feat, Ubuntu has demoed a working port of Chromium running on Mir, Canonical's in-house, next-gen display server.
Mir engineer Robert Carr describes the success of the port as being “the first and biggest step towards running Chromium in Unity 8, ensuring a diverse browser ecosystem for the future of Ubuntu.”
Much of what makes Chromium on Mir possible can be traced back to work Intel has been doing on getting Chromium running on Wayland, necessitating the creation of an ‘Ozone Wayland' component to act as a bridge between the browser and the underlying system features it requires access to in order to function, support input, and accelerate graphics.
Ozone Mir is a fork of the Ozone Wayland work, as Carr notes:
“Investigation in to Ozone Mir quickly lead to the observation that a large amount of code would need to be duplicated between them. In order to try to improve this situation, we have instead based our Ozone Mir work off of Ozone Wayland. Ozone Mir creates a new set of interfaces on the GPU process side abstracting the idea of utilizing an external EGL compositor.”
The Ubuntu fork maintains the Wayland code but, Carr explains, also “enables [a] set of now shared components from Ozone Wayland to build both a Mir and Wayland backend.”
Mir developers are now hoping that these “shared components” can be merged upstream in Chromium, to benefit both projects, furthering the collaboration started by Intel and Wayland with the Chromium team.
But precisely when, or indeed if, such merge proposals will be accepted remains unknown for now.
I've been through two periods in my career where I've been trolled extensively.
The first was when I joined reddit as cryptocurrency engineer. At that time, in 2014, cryptocurrency was not taken seriously by most people. The subreddit r/buttcoin made me enemy #1 in their eyes and trolled everything I did.
The way it worked was like this: I would say something positive about bitcoin on reddit. My comments would be upvoted about 5 or 25 times. Then, some minutes or hours later, the r/buttcoin community would post a link to my comment on their subreddit and commence horde downvoting. My comments would end up with -5 or -25 votes in most cases.
The most irritating thing was the way notifications on reddit worked. The trolls would comment on everything I said or did, and would also call me out relentlessly at random on posts that had nothing to do with me. Every comment would send a notification to my inbox. Always some gibberish, anti-bitcoin statement calling me an idiot and telling me I should be fired.
reddit's block feature was broken at the time. Although the trolling never transcended comments and notifications on reddit, it was extremely irritating and ruined the reddit experience for me. It had a real effect of making reddit not worth my time. Even as an employee at reddit.
The next period of trolling started sometime in 2016, and reached a crescendo in early 2017. This time, the trolls weren't anti-bitcoin. They were pro-bitcoin trolls who didn't like my stance with respect to scaling bitcoin.
Since I had all but stopped using reddit, the trolling would occur on Twitter. Every pro-scaling statement I would make would be met with some negative gibberish, usually from an anonymous account, about how I was an idiot and was going to fail. As someone who had dedicated four years of his life full-time to making bitcoin reach a mainstream audience, this was extremely irritating and made Twitter painful to use.
Because I had developed a large following on Twitter, my profile was too useful to abandon Twitter altogether, so I adopted the policy of blocking every troll. I also subscribed to Wil Weaton's block list, which increased my total block count to over 18,000 accounts at one point. (I have since unblocked everyone and now have a policy of muting trolls).
It is remarkable to me that my first period of trolling was from anti-bitcoin people, and the second period of trolling was from pro-bitcoin people. This peculiarity will be the subject of a future article.
At Yours, we are committed to improving the quality of content on the internet, and part of that mission is to decrease the amount of trolling and toxicity. We have an innovative solution that, to the best of our knowledge, has never been tried before on any social media platform.
What if it simply cost money to write a comment?
The payment for the comment would go to whoever is receiving the comment. For instance, on an article, the original author would set the price of comments and receive a payment from each commenter. The author could choose to reimburse comments that aren't trolls, and leave troll comments unreimbursed.
This would probably reduce trolling drastically, if not eliminate it entirely, because trolling would become an unprofitable behavior. Anyone could troll a little bit, but as they saw their funds continue to decrease, they would probably eventually give up. If a high profile author continues to get trolled, they could just charge more for comments. In the worst case, they may still get trolled a bit, but at least they would earn money for each comment.
We implemented this strategy a few weeks ago on Yours. Authors have the ability to set the comment price. In order to comment, you must first buy the article (if there is a purchase price), and then pay the comment price. The comment price defaults to 2¢, but authors can set the price to zero if they want. If the author is a victim of trolling, they can set the price arbitrarily high and, if there is any trolling left, the worst case is that they earn some money for having their time wasted.
I've been selling assets on the Unity Asset Store for two years, and I use a portion of the earnings to fund my current game's marketing budget. In this tutorial, I'll show you how you can do the same!
What Are Game Assets?
Game assets include everything that can go into a game, including 3D models, sprites, sound effects, music, code snippets and modules, and even complete projects that can be used by a game engine. Here's a list of examples:
2D/3D Design:
Characters
Objects
Environments
Vehicles
GUI:
HUD
Icons
Scripting:
AI
Special effects
Networking
Physics
Audio:
Background music
Sound effects
This means that, if you make games, you can sell some of your work as assets—whether you are a coder, artist, game designer, or music composer. Some people make a little extra money doing so, some are able to fund their games entirely, and others make a full living just selling assets.
Where Can You Sell Assets?
These are some of the most popular sites that allows you to sell your assets:
GameDev Market: A marketplace that includes 2D sprites, 3D models, GUI, music, and sound effects, along with a community forum that connects asset publishers with game developers allowing you to know what most of the buyers are looking
TurboSquid: A marketplace specifically for 3D models. Includes high quality and professional models.
Game Art 2D: A marketplace that includes 2D sprties, tilesets and GUI elements.
Unity Asset Store: The official Unity marketplace including all types of assets: 2D/3D models, GUI elements, sound effects, music, and everything related to Unity, such as scripting assets, shaders, animations, particle effects, and even complete Unity projects.
Unreal Engine Marketplace: The official Unreal Engine marketplace, including all types of assets along with ones related to Unreal Engine only, much like the Unity Asset Store.
How to Make an Asset Pack That Sells Well
First of all, if you are new to the game development world and you're still in the process of learning, don't jump to selling assets. Keep learning and take your time, because whatever you create while still learning is likely already to be available, and usually for free.
Second, you have to be original, and look for something that hasn't been created. Maybe you have created something new and unique while developing one of your games; why not sell it as an asset? Alternatively, look for something that has been done before but isn't that good, or is out-dated, or abandoned by the developer, and offer something better to attract buyers.
If You Are a Designer or Artist
You might have already created a lot of 2D or 3D designs, but make no mistake: that doesn't mean you should just package whatever you have created and try to sell it. First, you have to take a look at the market, which is already crowded with sprites and models of all types—characters, environments, vehicles—many of them available for free. Don't create some trees or zombie models and expect them to sell.
For example, suppose you came up with an idea for a cool 2D character. Okay, let's see how you can sell it. The key here is variation. Customers are always looking for different types of the same thing; to attract buyers, you need to include few animations for this character: walking, running, jumping, giving damage, taking damage, crouching, and so on. You need at least to include the basic animations that are commonly used, but adding extra ones will increase your chances to sell this asset to more people.
But that's not really enough. Why not create a pack of these characters, with same style and same animations for each one. Maybe three or four characters, or one character with variations: different clothes and accessories. If you were a customer looking to add characters to your game, you'd definitely want them to be the same style with all the animations you need, right?
Another example would be an urban environment pack. If you just created a few building models and are ready to sell them, then why not include a few textures for each building which will allow the customer to create a rich environment? You can also include some extra models, like street signs and roads. Make a full, high-quality city construction pack; it will take some time, but in the end you'll be surprised by the number of customers you'll get. Customers are always looking for assets that include different types of the same thing.
Below is a screenshot from a popular Unity 3D art asset called Village Interior Kit, developed by 3DForge. The package contains 2288 meshes, 2626 prefabs, and 81 particle effect prefabs, and only costs $60!
If You Are a Composer
Game developers can get high quality sound effects and music loops for low prices and even for free. Therefore, you need to work on full audio assets that include a variation of sound effects for every action.
For example, if creating a set of audio assets for a sci-fi game, make sure that you include all the sound effects that are likely to be needed, like explosions, weapons, collisions, and even opening and closing doors.
As for music loops, an asset including 10 to 15 loops of the same genre is ideal for your customers, because it will allow them to use your audio assets for their entire game.
If You Are a Coder
As a coder, you are tied to the tools and platform you are working on, like Unity or Unreal, and these already have a lot of assets in their respective stores. So, unless you have some incredibly awesome ideas for a new scripting asset, don't create it and expect a lot of sales.
Many scripts that are available on the Unity Asset Store aren't available on the Unreal Engine marketplace, and vice-versa, so it might be a good idea to look at what's popular on one of the stores and create something similar for the other platform, if it doesn't already exist.
You should also look for something that solves a problem that many new users face in the game engine you're working with. Below is a screenshot of S-Quest, one of my assets on the Unity Asset Store. This asset allows you to create and customize quests for your games through code, which saves the time for many developers and allows them to add quests, quest logs, an objectives bar, and a player experience manager to their games easily.
You should also create assets that will work dynamically. For example, if you're working on an enemy AI asset, make sure that you include most possible actions that an enemy can perform, like wander, patrol, defend, hide. and attack. And don't tie your assets to one game type; in this case your enemy AI asset should work for both RTS and FPS games, for example.
Finally, make sure that your code is always clean and fully commented, so that your customers can figure out the job of each line you wrote in order to apply their modifications and customize your asset to their needs.
How to Set the Right Price for Your Packs
Now that you've finished making your asset—or even if you're still working on it but have a clear idea on what it will include exactly—it's time to give it a price.
Creating assets requires a lot of time and hard work, but they always cost less than their real value. For example, suppose you've just finished a city construction kit with high quality 3D models for roads, buildings, and street signs, and some additional textures. I'd say it shouldn't go above $80, maybe $100. (I came to this number by checking similar and popular assets in the market.) Yes, I know that's not the real value of such work and you're probably thinking that you can get its real value by doing freelance. But in freelance, you're doing all that work for one customer, who'll pay you once, and you can never sell that work again. If you're releasing it as an asset, however, it can generate more revenue in the long term because that asset will be available to unlimited potential buyers who will be attracted by its low price relative to its high quality content.
The price you pick also depends on other similar assets that are available in the market; I recommend always going a little bit lower with the price of your assets than the other assets that offer similar content.
The most successful asset I released is S-Inventory, which includes an inventory system, an equipment system, a vendor system, a crafting system, a containers system, and a skill bar system for Unity, all in one. It only costs $15. If the price were higher, I don't think it would sell well and compete with similar assets in the store.
How to Provide Good Customer Support
As an asset developer, you must be active most of the time to provide support for your customers. (This is especially true if you're selling scripting assets or complete projects for a specific game engine, because then you'll be dealing with a lot of users who are new to these engines and will ask not only how to customize your assets to their needs, but also often questions that are not really related to your assets. If you can answer, they will really appreciate it.)
I'd say you should always answer your customers in less than 24 hours. Maybe assign one hour a day to handling these support requests. Use e-mails and even Skype calls or Teamviewer sessions to help your customers, and inform your customers if you are going inactive for some time so that they don't assume you've abandoned your assets.
If your asset has a bug or a problem, a customer will quickly reach out to you and report that issue. Don't start by fixing the problem, as this might take some time (particularly if it's a serious problem), and don't leave the customer waiting for an answer. Instead, instantly answer them, thank them for finding the bug, and let them know that you're looking to find a solution, and how much time you expect it will it take you to fix it (hours, days or even weeks). Replying quickly to your customers will make you a responsible developer and will earn you a good reputation—assuming you follow up with the fixes!
Some customers will be loaded with suggestions requesting changes and improvements in your assets. You always have to consider their suggestions carefully. If you believe that ithe request would improve your asset for the majority of its users, then it's worth adding it. If you believe that it just serves that one customer, however, then you could simply deliver this new feature to them (if it's not too much work) without publishing it in your asset.
Pushing regular updates is also another sign that proves you're an active developer, which helps make customers comfortable with buying your assets, since they know that you'll be there to help them if they face problems using them.
What to Do About Reviews
Most people rely on reviews when they make a decision of whether or not to buy any asset. Even if your asset is great and satisfies all of its buyers, don't expect them all to write a good review, or even to rate it; only a few of them will likely take the time to do that.
There is a way to ask your customers for reviews. When you finish answering their questions, fixing a problem, or handling a request for them regarding your asset, they will generally be very thankful and overwhelmed. Just ask them to consider rating and reviewing your asset at that time. Aside from complimenting your asset and all its features, they will also likely point out the great customer support that they provided. That way, you make your customers' lives easier and, in return, they help you to get more sales.
Note that, if your asset doesn't offer what you promised in its description or screenshots, then every single customer will take a part in taking it down by writing long, bad reviews warning other users not to buy it. At that point, it might be too late to even update the asset and fix it.
Conclusion
To sum up: creating successful game assets which end up being a decent source of revenue requires you to be original, offer variation, price for the market, and take responsibility when dealing with customers.
American spacecraft had to dodge space debris four times in 2008, NASA revealed Tuesday, a fact that highlights both the extent of the space junk problem and the primary mitigation option open to NASA.
By tracking pieces of debris larger than around four inches, space engineers can identify some dangerous space junk and meteoroids. If a satellite or spacecraft is in danger of getting hit, they simply move it out of harm's way. The International Space Station, for example, had to make an evasive maneuver back in August 2008, to avoid a piece of an old Russian craft.
"On average, Shuttle and ISS have conducted several collision avoidance maneuvers over the past ten years on the order of about one per year," said Nicholas Johnson, chief scientist at NASA's Orbital Debris Program Office, in a teleconference with reporters ahead of a House subcommittee on space and aeronautics meeting about space debris.
Space debris is an increasing problem. Johnson noted that from the 1960s until the past year, orbital debris had increased linearly, despite advances in decreasing the amount of debris left behind per trip to space. But recently, a Chinese missile test on a satellite and the collision of two satellites in orbit, sent the amount of space debris up considerably. The satellite collision alone increased the risk to the upcoming May shuttle mission to the Hubble Space Telescope by 8 percent.
That complicated an already unusual mission. The Hubble Space Telescope, orbiting at 340 miles above Earth's surface, has a far more densely crowded space debris environment than the ISS. The orbits near 560 miles are the most crowded with junk.
"The orbit of the telescope is up in a higher risk region than the Space Station is," said Bryan O'Connor, chief of safety and mission assurance at NASA.
When the initial risk calculations came in for the mission to the Hubble at 1 in 185, they exceeded the general NASA guideline for risk, which states the risk of a catastrophic space debris hit should be less than 1 in 200. That sent the engineers back to the table to figure out ways to reduce that risk. They did so by tilting the orientation of the shuttle to take possible debris hits in less vulnerable parts of the craft and dipping to a lower orbit towards the end of the mission.
NASA also reduces the risk that a space-debris-related event will be catastrophic by inspecting the craft before re-entry. It is important to note that this doesn't decrease the risk of a piece of space junk hitting the shuttle, but rather increases the chance that any problems resulting from such a strike could be fixed on orbit, or the crew rescued by another spacecraft. Their latest risk estimate is down to 1 in 221.
We already know small impacts occur regularly during shuttle flights. Wired Science obtained the Hypervelocity Impact Database last month, which revealed that in the 54 missions from STS-50 through STS-114, space junk and meteoroids hit shuttle Windows 1,634 times necessitating 92 window replacements. In addition, the shuttle's radiator was hit 317 times, actually causing holes in the radiator's facesheet 53 times.
NASA officials downplayed the space debris problem, however, in their teleconference with reporters.
"We don't think this is a page one story," Johnson said. "There is no serious new issue that we have not been aware of and [that] needs to be addressed. This is just part of what we've been working with for many, many years."
That contrasted with the scene during a meeting of the House subcommittee on space and aeronautics in which Dana Rohrbacher, a Republican from California, suggested that the United States needed an active strategy for getting rid of space debris.
"If we can chart it, if you're already charting the course, all we have to do is get something up there that will knock it down," Rohrbacher said. "That doesn't have to be something very sophisticated. Just a big bulldozer in the sky, you might say. And perhaps something like that might not be as expensive as you think, especially if we were doing it internationally."
Lieutenant General Larry D. James, commander of the Joint Functional Component Command for Space for U.S. Strategic Command, described U.S. monitoring capabilities as generally giving an accurate four-day forecast for space junk around our satellites, generally providing ample time for taking evasive action.
But he also said that some smaller, more erratic pieces of debris could pop into view less than half a day before they were scheduled to come across a space asset. While that wouldn't matter to the more mobile shuttle, the International Space Station needs about 30 hours notice to maneuver.
Indeed that scenario nearly played out in early March. A previously unknown small piece of debris appeared with too little time for the ISS to move out of its way and its crew members were forced to take refuge in a Soyuz spacecraft that would have acted as an escape pod in the event of a catastrophic hit.
For that reason, James recommended that Congress fund the next generation of orbital sensors, colloquially known as the "Space Fence."
"With the capability to perform 750,000 observations per day and track over 100,000 objects, the Space Fence will significantly reduce coverage gaps and significantly improve our low Earth and medium Earth orbit [space situational awareness]," he wrote in his prepared testimony.
See Also:
WiSci 2.0: Alexis Madrigal's Twitter , Google Reader feed, and green tech history site, The History of Our Future; Wired Science on Facebook.
Foto de internet.
La ex Alcaldesa panista Margarita Arellanes le heredó a Monterrey una aplicación para dispositivos móviles (app) con costo de 7.8 millones de pesos ... que ya no funciona.
La mayoría de los servicios está en el olvido, pero la Administración que ahora encabeza el priista Adrián de la Garza todavía está obligada a pagar 260 mil pesos mensuales hasta marzo del 2017 por la licencia de la app, comprada a Empresas Pordimo.
Arellanes acordó en octubre del 2014 pagar 30 mensualidades de 260 mil pesos a la empresa contratada para desarrollar y operar la app.
La investigación realizada por Antonio Dávila, comienza h ace unos tres años, me contactaron por el contacto del contacto,unos anónimos para saber si estábamos interesados en hacer una “app para un municipio de Nuevo León” (nunca dijeron cuál) y que por favor les mandara una propuesta / cotización sobre lo que consideraba debía tener un “app municipal” (así de desobligado el proyecto).
Nunca supe quien estaba detrás pues me aseguraron que...
Total que la envié a través del contacto del contacto como me lo pidieron y me dijeron que estaba to-do muy bien y entonces mandaron preguntar que si aceptaba recibir elde por medio ya cambio de los entoncesque había cotizado por la versión de dicha app y sus propuestas funcionalidades en plataformas iOS y Android.
No me agradó pues...
Unos años después y hoy viernes al leer el periódico El Norte, me topé con la noticia de que la administración de Margarita Arellanes había dejado un app totalmente inservible y con un costo de desarrollo altísimo: 7.8 millones de pesos , que dependiendo que tan caro o barato sea el dólar oscila entre $420-$480 mil dlls .
Esta fue la nota que picó mi curiosidad y me hizo encontrar cosas interesantes.
Como desarrollador experto en estos menesteres me intrigó bastante:
¿Qué podría ser tan tan costoso como para requerir 30 pagos mensuales de $260 mil pesos?
¿Acaso algún framework desarrollado desde cero?
¿Tecnología de otro mundo? A juzgar por el screenshot en el periódico, me parecía una app desarrollada con HTML relativamente sencilla, además que este tipo de apps son muy poco complejas en cuanto a la parte del app en sí pues no hacen uso de acelerómetros, sensores, algoritmos complejos, etc, etc.
La única parte que si les concedo es compleja y es un embrollo es la consulta de todas las bases de datos que guardan la información gubernamental, que como to-dos sabemos, en este país no se hacen bajo estándares sino bajo ideas de cada “amigo” del gobernante en turno. Pero aún así, nada que un webservice no resuelva, un dump de datos o ya de plano 100 capturistas y no, nada de eso cuesta $260 mil pesos al mes .
Supuestamente la patente especial pertenece a
“Empresas Pordimo S.A. de C.V.”
y cuando
dicha empresa te topas con esto
en su sitio web
:
http://www.empresaspordimo.com.mx/
¿Cómo es posible que una empresa que tiene patentes tan impresionantes para cobrar $7.8 millones de pesos, no pueda ni siquiera poner un slider animado a su página el cual puede descargar gratis de cualquier lado?
Oh espera…
¿Cómo es posible que no puedan invertir un poquito en fabricar lo que supuestamente dicen que venden?
Ahí dice que venden Desarrollo Móvil, Web y Aplicaciones, etc, etc, etc y no tienen ni página, sólo colgaron una imagen sin diseño alguno.
Le quise dar el beneficio de la duda y dije...
“Hmm, a lo mejor no tienen página porque muchos de sus trabajos son privados y por lo tanto no requieren andarse anunciando en Google Ads, etc.”
así que me puse a ver que apps Android había desarrollado “Empresas Pordimo”, sorpresa (o ya ni tan sorpresa)…
Impresionante trayectoria!
Sólo han “Desarrollado” una sola app: la de Monterrey!! (ahora entienden porque su página está tan tan tan vacía ya que no hay ningún desarrollo que presumir como cualquier desarrollador haríamos por orgullo de lo que hemos creado).
La razón que dan para cobrar $7.8 millones de pesos y haberlo licitado en “Lo oscurito” sin concurso de licitación de por medio, es que supuestamente había una...
“Patente de exclusividad”
, lo cual es totalmente falso pues puedes ser dueño del código fuente que mandas hacer (es un trabajo por encargo y el que lo paga es el dueño) y como muchos en esta industria sabemos, no se puede patentar el software en nuestro país .
Legislación en México.
los programas de cómputo no son considerados invenciones, por lo que en México no existen tales patentes. Finalmente, en México, la Ley de la Propiedad Industrial regula el otorgamiento de patentes en el país a las invenciones de productos o de procesos. En ella se menciona que
Los programas de software solamente se pueden proteger mediante el Registro Público del Derecho de Autor; en él se registran programas, documentación y bases de datos. Las responsabilidades del Registro son las de orientar a autores, y procurar resolver controversias según la Ley Federal de Derecho de Autor y su reglamento.
en México no se conceden patentes de software, sin importar si ya exista una patente concedida en Estados Unidos; esto muy a menudo resulta confuso para programadores, fábricas de software, y otras empresas desarrolladoras, pues es común que se piense que sí es posible el otorgamiento de dichas patentes en México simplemente mediante la adopción de las reivindicaciones de la patente otorgada en otro país, como ocurre generalmente en otros casos de patentes que no son de software. Es muy importante que los creadores de aplicaciones, programas y bases de datos tengan siempre muy claro esto, ya que a diferencia de la práctica Americana,, sin importar si ya exista una patente concedida en Estados Unidos; esto muy a menudo resulta confuso para programadores, fábricas de software, y otras empresas desarrolladoras, pues es común que se piense que sí es posible el otorgamiento de dichas patentes en México simplemente mediante la adopción de las reivindicaciones de la patente otorgada en otro país, como ocurre generalmente en otros casos de patentes que no son de software.
Así que si no se puede patentar,
¿Qué es lo que están cobrando a cambio de esos $260 mil pesos mensuales ?
descargar el archivo .apk de la aplicación Android Seguía con mi duda… y decidí
(SI la quieren descargar a qui esta el enlace https://apkpure.com/monterrey/empresaspordimo.smartcitymobile ) para abrirlo y ver que componentes tenía pues sospechaba que a juzgar por las capturas de pantalla, lo habían hecho con Phonegap o algo similar que no requiere excesivos conocimientos expertos de desarrollo de software (ojo no es desdén, he hecho cosas con Phonegap y es muy bueno pero se queda corto al lado de un lenguaje de programación “real” como Java, C++, Objective-C, Swift, etc por así llamarlos).
Cuando descargas a tu computadora un archivo .apk es bien fácil abrirlo y ver de que se trata, pues sólo le cambias la extensión .apk por .zip y listo, le das a extraer y te extrae todos los archivos que contiene en su interior:
Esto es todo el contenido de la app de Monterrey que vale $7.8 millones de pesos.
Me puse a husmear en los archivos porque me interesaba ver en que plataforma lo habían hecho y me topé con esto en varias de las declaraciones de los namespaces del código :
Hmm interesante,
¿Quién es Scoutech que desarrolló estos módulos?
Me topé con las palabrejas clave: com.scoutech.smartcitymobile.global donde me llamaron mucho la atención
“Scoutech” y “SmartcityMobile”
¿Acaso para arruinarla más con el descaro de la transa, resulta que se piratearon el app de alguien más?
Así que de vuelta a Google a ver quien es “Scoutech” y nos arroja una página de una empresa que de entrada se ve legítima y en esta dirección tiene sus clientes: http://www.scoutech.com.mx/clientes.asp
De ahí me entró el gusanito de quien es “Empresas Pordimo”, “Pordimo” no creo que signifique tampoco “Pordioseros Monterrey” y hayan recibido un tremendo “donativo” por programar tan patentada app , así que lo más probable es que sea algún prestanombres que cobró una lanota, la repartió entre los compadres y le pagó un dinero s a Scoutech a cambio de sus servicios.
Averiguando quién era Scoutech, según Google este es el exterior de la empresa que quizás le licenció la patente millonaria a “Empresas Pordimo”, ¿Se ve impresionante el edificio corporativo no?
Házte a un lado Google!!
The model in the above poster for Are All Men Pedophiles? is 14 years old. Dutch director Jan-Willem Breure says he chose such a young girl on purpose "to confront people with the issue." "For the general guy," he says, "she is attractive. But the next question is, if you find her attractive, is that or is that not pedophilia?" It's a provocative question, and while the response is unorthodox — and may be inaccurate — that hasn't kept the film from the minor festival circuit.
According to the documentary, released this year and already screened at several festivals, the answer is yes and no. Specifically, the film advances the claim (with the help of guest experts like a neuroscientist, a psychologist, and a model scout) that all men are "hebephiles" — that is, attracted to teenagers. It argues that we need to make a distinction between hebephiles and true pedophiles, who are attracted to prepubescent children. The film also claims that a variety of cultures — it mentions everything from ancient Greece to the Lolita community in modern-day Japan — have accepted sex between adults and teenagers, and implies that maybe everyone else should, too. It closes with the line "eighteen is just a number." Are All Men Pedophiles? jumps from graphic descriptions of child sexual abuse (a victim tells her harrowing story of being raped by her father) to suggestions that teen-adult sex really isn't so bad.
View this video on YouTube A discussion of pedophilia and hebephilia (which the film spells "hebophilia") from Are All Men Pedophiles?
Breure, who is 23 and bankrolled the film entirely himself, said it was inspired by his own attraction to teenagers: recently, he said, he'd come to realize that he was attracted to girls as young as 15. He wanted to explore whether this attraction was truly pedophilia. Making the movie, he said, taught him that "there is a difference between the public definition and the real definition of pedophilia" — the public definition includes attraction to teens, while the "real" definition excludes this. He hopes that the film will teach everyone the difference between pedophilia and hebephilia, and perhaps lessen the "media hype" around pedophilia, which he says has made fathers fear showing affection for their own children.
Making the project more confusing is Breure's lack of a clear political agenda. Sex between teens and adults is illegal (at least for teens under 16) in both the US and the Netherlands, but the filmmaker is circumspect about whether Western countries should rethink their age-of-consent laws. Breure appreciates that such laws encourage teenagers to finish school before they reproduce but says his ideal would be public policy that prevented teen pregnancy while acknowledging that "sex is a natural thing." In fact, many might argue that the Netherlands, where Breure lives, already has such a policy: sociologist Amy Schalet made a splash last year with her book on the country's permissive attitude to teen sex, coupled with readily available birth control and sex education.
When I asked Breure if he thought it should be legal for an adult to have sex with a teenager, he said that as long as the sex is consensual, "I don't look at ages."
Breure mentions the Lolita community — adult women who dress in a Victorian, girlish style — in the film as evidence that hebephilia has broad acceptance, but this assertion doesn't sit well with Lolita enthusiasts themselves. A Change.org petition argues that the community is really about fashion and self-expression, not about sex or making grown women look like actual children. The petition also says the film is "causing a massive harm to the Lolita community, leading people who [do] not know the movement to think that it's about sex."
A Lolita enthusiast on Tumblr, who goes by Rox, makes a more specific allegation regarding a poster for the film. She claims that the model in the poster was tricked into believing she was posing for a Japanese fashion photo shoot, not a promotional image for a movie about pedophiles. Breure says that's completely false, and that the model in question signed a release in which the title of the film was clearly specified. The model has not responded to a request for comment.
Breure's ideas may also conflict with the current thinking in psychology. While he claims that his distinction between pedophilia and hebephilia is firmly rooted in the psychological literature, psychologist Michael Seto, author of Pedophilia and Sexual Offending Against Children: Theory, Assessment, and Intervention, disagrees. "Hebephilia," he explains, "is clinically and scientifically defined as a sexual attraction to PUBESCENT children, i.e., kids who are showing some signs of pubertal development but who are still clearly physically immature." Hebephilia does not include sexual attraction to older teenagers who look physically mature, or to anyone who looks 16 or above.
Thus, he explains, all men are most definitely not hebephiles — most men aren't attracted to pubescent teens. "Many men are sexually attracted to older teens," he says, "but not as much as they are sexually attracted to young adults." He cites studies showing that on average, both straight and gay men show more sexual response to photos of adults than to photos of older teens.
Seto also notes that even if an older teen consents to sex with an adult, such sex can be harmful for teenagers: "they are less cognitively, emotionally, and socially developed, on average, compared to the adult, so the teens can be at risk of exploitation or manipulation." He adds that "the benefits of these kinds of relationships are obvious for the adult, but uncertain for the teen. To me, this imbalance justifies some legal and social prohibitions of adult-teen sex, even if the teen consents."
Sociologist Sarah Goode, author of Understanding and Addressing Adult Sexual Attraction to Children says that while it's "pretty normal" for men to be attracted to teenagers, it's by no means universal. She also says that adults' attractions aren't necessarily a good guide for setting the age of consent, adding "it is of course men such as the director Roman Polanski who argue that 'all men' want to have sex with teenage girls, in order to normalise the fact that he himself wanted to (and did)." And no matter where we set this age, some people will always want it to be younger: "I have met men who are sexually attracted to babies. Should we therefore argue that 'babies should have the legal right to consent to sex with adults'?"
Donald Trump's new campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway — who worked for and defended Todd “Legitimate Rape” Akin — is supposedly going to help Trump try to close the gaping gender gap he's facing this November.
But Conway fits a dangerous Trump campaign pattern of not understanding or caring about the struggles, discrimination, and even sexual violence that women face every day in this country. And Trump's policies would harm, not empower, empower women.
CONWAY: If we were physiologically — not mentally, emotionally, professionally — equal to men, if we were physiologically as strong as men, rape would not exist. You would be able to defend yourself and fight him off.
Quote from Dawn Laguens, Executive Vice President, Planned Parenthood Action Fund: “Women need a president who will fight for them, their families, and their lives — and that isn't Donald Trump. He doesn't understand or care about women and neither do the people he chooses to advise him. They blame women for the struggles they face, or even deny those struggles exist at all. Trump's campaign is racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, and toxic — and Americans must reject him and what he stands for this November.”
Donald Trump and his advisers' dangerous anti-woman pattern
Last year, when allegations surfaced that Donald Trump had raped his first wife, Ivana, Trump's lawyer defended him by saying “you cannot rape your spouse.”
Donald Trump's vice presidential pick, Mike Pence, tried to redefine rape when he was in Congress in order to make it harder for women to obtain safe, legal abortions.
Donald Trump has defended his friend and former Fox News head Roger Ailes against allegations of sexual harassment from more than 20 women.
Trump's solution for women who are sexually harassed on the job is to look for “a better alternative” — but if they can't find one, as is often the case, they should just stay where they are.
Trump's “campaign CEO” Steve Bannon was once sued for mistreating and then firing an employee for having a baby, was accused in a separate lawsuit of sexual harassment, and, just like Trump himself, Bannon has used disgusting slurs to insult women.
Tags: sexual assault, Donald Trump, Todd Akin, Election 2016
Hi everyone it's been a long time since our latest post. April's been such insane month for me privately, that I couldn't even find any time to post our progress. Fortunately different real-life things that kept me offline straightened out and I can finally focus more on Sapu and this blog.
As you may know we expected to create a prototype level at the end of April but unfortunately we couldn't manage to get it as smoothly as we wanted to. Our inexperience in some of the game-related development processes showed off, and of course in such situations Murphy 's Law makes its presence felt. As we are still focused on this level, in this report I will share more information about how are things going right now and how far we are until first tester will get to play Sapu.
Why so long?
AI/Pathfinding system
Ok guys, pathfinding works just fine.
As I mentioned earlier our inexperience showed off. First of all, the whole pathfinding system is pretty complex monster. For example, just look of what various enemies need to be aware of in order to smartly chase player during game time e.g.:
● Their size, speed and position
● Other enemies' size, speed and position
● Other objects' size and position
● And of course… Player's position
Enemies aware of their size.
Add to it all this algorithmic shit for 20+ enemies… Besides, other than my (and eventually players) requirements as for how the AI behavior should look like, Sarseth wants the system to be as much optimized as possible for now, so it won't catch us later as very complex problem. I predicted that we will need a full month (part time of course) to implement a solid pathfinding system, but I guess I underestimated this monster. The task still goes on and fortunately it is starting to shape up.
Player movement changes (WASD -> Mouse)
Yep, movement again… We decided that it is going to be controlled only with mouse (LoL alike). Earlier we thought that it will be so cool to cast different spells in one direction and run in other at the same time… and then it failed our “fun test” and caused “legs problem” (changing Sapu's animation based on cursor's location was too much for us :D) as well. Therefore from now on, Sapu will have to stop for a second (or less) and turn into desired direction in order to cast a spell. Such setup not only eliminates “legs problem” because it will be the same animation, but also provides risk-management opportunity where player needs to decide whether in this particular situation it's better to run or to fight… or to use specific spell that allows for both 😀.
Transition from 2D sprite enemies to 3D models
I think I mentioned about this transition in previous report, we considered 3D modeling learning curve as to be time consuming in order to create solid, nice looking models, animations and textures. But I'm sure that as Qra's skills increase, it should be more and more efficient work and finally will accelerate production over animating 2D sprites.
Scheduling while working part time
Sometimes you work 20, sometimes 30… and sometimes 4 hours a week. I'll put it this way – it sucks.
What's done?
● Sapu model (and all his animations + texture)
● In-game GUI
● Spider model (+ all animations and spells for “Boss”)
● Sapu movement on mouse
● Majority of sound effect and Sound management system which allows me to customize different options (but it will be improved after finishing prototype version)
● Combat music (epic style – we'll share it on soundcloud soon!)
What's next?
Other than finishing pathfinding system:
● Implementation of Sapu model (and all his animations)
● In-game GUI implementation
● Level's design (finishing it, testing and adjusting its difficulty correctly)
● Simplistic main menu + game instructions.
● (optional) If Qra will have time – creating better model for ranged enemy (earthworm alike)
● Sound effects for unimplemented stuff
I'd like to finish those tasks within this month so we can hand it to playtesters next month. Also We plan to show this prototype on some indie game conventions in July/September so it is important to have it as polished as possible.
Followers
In April we were pretty much non-active at all on Social Media. As I mentioned, April was too much for me. As for guys… well they had their hands full with their tasks as we really wanted to finish prototype at expected time. But lets be honest, do You think Sapu will be a great success and will generate satisfying amount of players around with such marketing? Me neither… Thus We won't fail so much in this department anymore.
Website
Google Analytics stats:
Social Media
Some materials from March gave us little boost in SM followers. For many, these are non-existing numbers. For us – its 50% more on Twitter! 😀
PS: Sarseth works with such music as in above videos on a daily basis… 😀
Harry Styles has had a busy few days, what with releasing his first solo single, possibly being godfather to Liam Payne and Cheryl's new baby and all that talking in an American accent.
But he's not stopping there, as Harry also took the time to drop by Dermot O'Leary's BBC Radio 2's Saturday Breakfast Show yesterday (April 8), where he revealed that working on Christopher Nolan's epic Dunkirk was one of the biggest challenges he's faced so far.
"It was one of the best experiences of my life," he said of working on the film. "Honestly it was amazing, it was a real challenge.
"I think the movie's going to be great. I think [Christopher Nolan's] amazing. It was pretty amazing to be involved in the whole project."
And after Dermot congratulated Harry on fighting for the role, he added: "I mean, I really loved being the new guy.
"I loved kind of being so far out of my comfort zone. It felt really good to kind of have no idea what I was doing for a little bit."
Warner Bros.
Much has already been made of the singer's acting debut with his co-star Mark Rylance praising him as remarkable.
"Harry was absolutely right for the role," the film's casting director also said last year. "We thought he was fresh and interesting and he won the role.
"[He] really had to overcome hurdles to get past that. He fought hard for it and his work was impressive and that's what attracted us to him."
Warner Bros.
Fortunately, we don't have to long to wait to see how true those comments are as Dunkirk's incredible true story arrives on the big screen on July 21, 2017 in the US and UK.
Harry's visit to Dermot's radio show comes as he embarks on his long-awaited solo career – listen to his new single 'Sign of the Times' below:
Want up-to-the-minute entertainment news and features? Just hit 'Like' on our Digital Spy Facebook page and 'Follow' on our @digitalspy Twitter account and you're all set.
Obama moves to escalate Syrian slaughter
15 June 2013
The announcement that the US is moving to directly arm the Islamist militias and other armed gangs laying waste to Syria represents a further descent into crisis and outright criminality by the Obama administration.
US and other Western officials report that the Pentagon has also provided the administration with plans to impose a no-fly zone to carve out a swathe of Syrian territory at least 25 miles deep along the Jordanian border for the purpose of massing, training and arming proxy forces to invade Syria.
These measures, which will be taken in alliance with Britain and France, the two former colonial overlords of Syria and the surrounding region, are part of a war of aggression aimed at subjugating an oppressed, former colonial country to the strategic and profit interests of Washington and its closest NATO allies.
The White House claim that this military escalation is a US response to the regime of Bashar al-Assad crossing Obama's “red line” and violating “international norms” by using chemical weapons against the so-called “rebels” is an insult to the intelligence of the people of the United States and the world.
The drive toward direct intervention has nothing to do with any desire to protect human life in Syria. The provision of new and more powerful weaponry will result only in a proliferation of sectarian massacres by Sunni Islamist “rebels” like the one that claimed the lives of at least 60 people, most of them women and children, in the eastern Syrian village of Hatlah earlier this week. As for a no-fly zone, its preparation would entail massive bombings of Syrian air defenses in densely populate areas, threatening thousands of additional deaths.
No evidence whatsoever has been made public substantiating charges that the Assad regime used sarin gas “on a small scale,” a highly improbable action which would make absolutely no military, much less political, sense. The statement issued by Obama's deputy national security adviser Thursday even acknowledged that the alleged evidence of the use of sarin gas “does not tell us how or where the individuals were exposed or who was responsible for the dissemination.”
Last month, Carla Del Ponte, lead investigator for the UN's international commission of inquiry on Syria, told the media that evidence indicated chemical weapons had been “used on the part of the opposition, the rebels, not by the government authorities.”
The White House reported that it had shared its “evidence” with the Russian government. Yury Ushakov, foreign policy adviser to Russian President Vladimir Putin, said of the US briefing, “I will say frankly that what was presented to us by the Americans does not look convincing. It would be hard even to call them facts.”
Like the allegations of “weapons of mass destruction” in Iraq more than a decade ago, the chemical weapons charge against Syria is a bald-faced lie. The Obama administration, following in the footsteps of the Bush White House, is trying to drag the American people into a predatory war based on phony pretexts and fabricated intelligence.
The immediate impetus for the turn by the Obama administration to more direct intervention is the growing recognition that following the fall of the “rebel” held town of Qusair to Syrian troops backed by Lebanese Hezbollah militiamen, the melange of Al Qaeda and other militia forces that Washington has used as its proxy troops in the war for regime-change is facing defeat.
In the aftermath of the 2011 US-NATO war against Libya, Washington believed it could easily pursue a similar strategy of hijacking popular protests and fomenting a sectarian civil war to topple Assad and impose a US puppet government. What it thought two years ago would be a cakewalk, however, has gone to hell.
The fundamental reason for this debacle is not a lack of weapons—which Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey have poured into the country under the CIA's supervision—or the brutality of the Assad regime, but the fact that the majority of the population, however much they might dislike Assad, hate the Islamist “rebels” even more.
There is a palpable element of desperation in the latest turn by the Obama administration, which the White House left to a junior aide to announce. It is responding not only to the failure of its previous policy, but also to enormous pressure from within the ruling political establishment for war.
This found sharp expression in the remarks Tuesday by former Democratic President Bill Clinton, who warned that Obama would look like a “wuss” and “total fool” if he stopped short of “dropping a few bombs.” Clinton solidarized himself with Republican Senator John McCain, whose own reckless militarism makes him a candidate for either a war crimes tribunal or a mental facility.
This was the culmination of a steadily escalating campaign by politicians of both parties, the media, the Washington think tanks and sections of the military and intelligence apparatus for a more direct military intervention.
Serving as adjuncts in this campaign are pseudo-left groups such as the International Socialist Organization in the US, the New Anti-capitalist Party in France and the Left Party in Germany, which promote the Islamist militias and mercenaries in Syria as “revolutionaries” and fashion twisted political alibis for imperialist intervention. All of them have blood on their hands.
Nonetheless, there are evidently deep divisions within the state over a war that poses the threat of drawing the entire region as well as powers with interests in Syria, particularly Iran and Russia, into the maelstrom.
After the bitter experiences of Afghanistan and Iraq, there is virtually no support among the American people for US intervention in Syria. US imperialism's pretense to be championing democracy in Syria is further shattered by the revelations of its police state spying operations against the people of the United States and the world, and the vicious witch-hunt it has launched against Edward Snowden, the former National Security Agency contractor who has exposed these crimes.
Despite two years of media propaganda vilifying the Assad regime and casting the Al Qaeda-linked militias as crusaders for democracy, an NBC- Wall Street Journal poll released this week showed that barely 11 percent of the US public supports even arming the “rebels.”
The entire political setup in the US proceeds with indifference to these popular sentiments. The hackneyed statements of the Democratic and Republican politicians have nothing to do with convincing anyone to support the war, while the corporate media churns out “news” that resembles Orwellian propaganda.
It will be the working class, both in the US and internationally, that pays the price for intervention in Syria. Under conditions where it is universally proclaimed that there is no money for jobs or vital social programs, not a word is raised about what the military options being considered by Obama will cost. More fundamentally, there is an inexorable logic to a US escalation in Syria, which points toward military confrontation with Iran and potentially Russia, threatening the lives of millions.
The struggle against war, opposed by the pseudo-left groups that once led the official “anti-war” movement and now back Obama and imperialism, can be prosecuted only on the basis of the independent political mobilization of the working class against the Obama administration and the capitalist system that is the source of militarism.
Bill Van Auken
Dear Adam and Dr. Drew,
Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you, thank you.
I am sure that, in the time since you first began your collaboration on KROQ, you have heard from many people just how much you have changed their lives for the better, how much they have enjoyed spending 5 nights a week, 10-12 PM, with you guys. I'm sure there were people who put it more eloquently than I ever could. But even though this may not be original or novel, I just want to tell you how important you were to me.
Thank you for letting me know it was okay to be confused. I remember listening to you under my blankets, on the lowest possible volume I could still hear, when I was 12 years old, terrified my parents would walk in right when one of you said “anal sex.” I had so many questions about everything, and even though, looking back, I could have asked my parents–at the time no thought instilled greater fear in me. I could listen to you guys, I could let others ask the questions for me, I could keep the anonymity that every middle school student so desperately wants when it comes to sex.
Thank you for being so funny. Adam, you may be the most naturally funny human being alive (your podcast and book consistently keep me sane), but with Dr. Drew acting as the perfect straight man, you truly had something special. The way Drew could deadpan his way through one of your insane rants, dropping the pretense of being this important, intelligent doctor while barely containing his laughter was effortlessly funny in a way that comedy writers can so rarely achieve. You guys were just funny together, it was as simple as that.
Thank you for, when the most unbelievably white trash, meth-riddled woman would call with some absurd story about domestic disputes with her live-in boyfriend who was the father of her second, fourth, and possibly sixth child would call, asking her calmly and rationally if she was Jewish. Drew's fake shock at her consistently offended “No! What?! No, I'm not Jewish!” was just too good for words.
“Has a trailer ever burned down because a Menorah tipped over?” -Adam Carolla
Thank you for inviting David Allen Grier time and time again. Thank you for showing those of us who listened that he may be one of the most underrated comedians of our generation. Everything from turning medical terms into black children's names to his perfectly timed outbursts of “Let's save some babies!” when Adam would be in minute 23 of a rant about the LA Department of Motor Vehicles was the perfect addition to the Loveline dynamic. DAG, you were the only guest I ever enjoyed on that show.
Thank you for not taking your guests too seriously. Thank you for not letting them take up the whole show with their boring promotion of whatever new project they were hocking. Thank you for not caring when The Darkness walked out because they were under the impression the calls were going to be about them. Thank you for asking Gwen Stefani, when she said her ex-boyfriend was Indian, asking her if he was “woo-woo-woo Indian or 7/11 Indian.” Thank you for not caring when she got offended. Thank you for not realizing her ex was actually the guy sitting next to her.
Thank you for letting people talk. Thank you for letting the zoosexual who called in have a good thirty minutes to honestly explain his situation, and not allowing your producer and phone screener to come in and verbally abuse him. Thank you for getting what he had to say out there, even if we don't like to hear it. Thank you for making Loveline a place where people could have an honest discussion about things, where everyone gets a voice.
Thank you for the lightning round.
Thank you for giving people everywhere useful advice, for dispelling dangerous myths, for supporting sexual knowledge and safety. Thank you for encouraging condoms and birth control, fighting against the lies about the morning after pill, and extolling the virtues of Planned Parenthood.
Thank you, Adam, for, when the “psychic” was on your show, not letting her get away in the slightest with her hackneyed, fake, pandering act. Thank you for calling her out on her bullshit, for embarrassing her, for showing her to be the fraud that she is. Thank you for not letting her prey on mourning family members on Loveline.
“Look, you don't bat a thousand, that's fine…listen, even Mark McGwire strikes out once in a while.” -Adam Carolla to the “psychic”
Thank you for the “Holocaust” call.
Thank you for not taking shit from the parents of terrified kids who got discovered calling your show, the parents who ripped the phones out of their kids' hands. Thank you for putting them in their place, for explaining that their children were confused and needed help and called a place that they felt safe and not judged. Thank you for standing up for what was right.
Most of all, thank you for being there. Thank you for being there when I had a hard day, when I was nervous about a new boyfriend, when I wanted to cry because I felt no one understood my problems. Thank you for reminding all of us, listening under the covers after our curfews, that we are all confused, that we all need help. Thank you for being open, for making us feel safe, for making us laugh.
Thank you for everything.
Love,
Chelsea
Televangelist and gospel recording artist Juanita Bynum has confessed to having had sexual relationships with women in a radio interview, according to V-103.
SEE ALSO: Anthony Mackie Eyes ‘Captain America' Sequel
Bynum, who appeared on the “Frank & Wanda in the Morning” Atlanta-based radio program, told the V-103 listeners that, “I've been there and I've done it all. I did the drugs, I've been with men, I've been with women. All of it.”
Want to Keep Up With NewsOne.com? LIKE Us On Facebook!
When radio host Frank Ski, who seemed incredulous of Bynum's confession, again posed the question about her past preference for women, the powerhouse speaker replied, “It's not a line, it's my life!”
SEE ALSO: Magazine: ‘No One Likes Black Girls'
The spiritual prophetess made headlines back in 2007 when her then-husband, Bishop Thomas Weeks III, kicked, choked and stomped her in a hotel parking lot. The couple had been married for five years.
SEE ALSO: Obama Hits Romney In Pockets With New Ad
Weeks tried to flip the beating around, stating that Bynum attacked him. Weeks eventually pleaded guilty to a single count of aggravated assault. He was ordered to complete 200 hours of community service and agree to violence and anger counseling. The couple divorced in 2008. The details of their separation were famously aired on “Divorce Court.”
The “No More Sheets” author, who is known for being a dynamo on the mic and keeping it real by coming clean with her life choices, encouraged the program's listeners to take ownership of their actions as she has done in her life.
“I took full responsibility in every area because every choice that I made, nobody put a gun to my head, she said. “These were my choices and I made these choices due to a lack of wisdom.”
Apartment buildings are going up all over Portland, this summer. The construction is a positive trend in the sluggish economy. But nearly two-thirds of the recent projects are going up without any parking places.
This isn't a reflection of a big change in policy – it reflects a change in demand.
Patricia Cates lives in downtown Portland. She's single, and works for a local non-profit. Evan Burton is married and lives on Portland's east side. He teaches college classes and works weatherizing homes.
They live in apartments, and neither of them owns a car.
“Many of the people here don't drive, and least our immediate neighbors that we know of, do not drive. And we do not drive, no,” Burton says.
“I love my lifestyle. I don't like to get pushy, but when people ask me about it, I explain how much less expensive it is, and less stressful it is, and how I lost 20 pounds the first year, because I was walking everywhere,” Cates says.
Burton and Cates have one other thing in common: the buildings they live in don't have parking places. Developers are betting that many more Portlanders like them are looking to rent new apartments.
One of those developers is Dave Mullens with the Urban Development Group. He opened the Irvington Garden in a close-in Northeast Portland neighborhood last year. It's 50 units with no parking places.
“The cost of parking would make building this type of project on this location unaffordable,” Mullens says.
Mullens calls the difference “tremendous.”
“Parking a site is the difference between a $750 apartment and a $1,200 apartment. Or, the difference between apartments and condos,” he says.
Mullens says the current market is friendlier for affordable rental apartments than for condominiums.
He says the Irvington Garden filled within weeks of opening, and has remained that way. He says the majority of renters don't have cars – though some do, and park on the street.
When builders want a project approved, they come to this city permit center run by the Portland Bureau of Development Services.
Planner Tim Heron says the new push to build without parking fits within current zoning – and is consistent with the city's planning goals.
“Portland wants to grow up in terms of its density – and parking cars, meaning making the space and creating the space for them to park on a site can eat up a lot of space. So we've seen an increase in developers wanting to exercise a no-parking option, and use that space for units or for retail.”
Of 40 apartment building projects to be filed in the last year and a half, 25 offers no parking.
Heron says the projects have to fit the places they're in. Just a few blocks from the permit center is a 282-unit building for Portland State University students.
“This is downtown. This is where the highest intensity of the zoning is for the city – and it's there for a reason, because it's well-served by transit,” Heron says.
Heron says 16 stories with no parking wouldn't fly anywhere else.
And in several parts of the city, neighborhood activists are hoping to stop projects that are even a quarter that size.
Al Ellis, president of the Beaumont-Wilshire Neighborhood Association, cites a proposed four-story apartment complex on Fremont Street.
Ellis says the building would be out of character with the neighborhood. And residents worry that without parking provided, tenants would jam the side streets with parked cars.
Planners and developers say successful, no-parking projects have two things in common: frequent transit service, and a nice, walkable neighborhood.
Ellis agrees that his is a fun neighborhood. But he doubts the bus service is good enough to attract people without cars to rent the 50-or-more units.
Ellis says he invited the project's developers to meet the neighbors. He warned them the proposal wouldn't be popular.
“And they came to the community meeting, and there were hundreds of people there. It was standing room only, and it was a real hornet's nest. They learned that the community really – it pushed a button in our neighborhood.”
The Fremont Street proposal is not one of the 40 projects to come before the city recently. There's no formal application yet. Ellis says it's a work-in-progress.
“They came into the meeting saying we've already made some concessions. We decided that we will include retail. We decided we will have fewer units, and some of them will be larger than 400 square feet. Still, the parking issue was still unresolved.”
Ellis says he's meeting with the developers this week to talk about further changes.
Conflicts between developers and neighbors are flaring up all over Portland. A project on North Williams is facing an appeal hearing this week. People in the Richmond neighborhood are worried about multiple projects along Southeast Division.
And Evan Burton – the apartment dweller who doesn't have a car – says recent construction has split his Northeast neighborhood: renters of apartments vs. owners of houses.
“Younger apartment dwellers, it's really a non-issue – many of whom do prefer to commute by bicycle or by public transit. Homeowners who live in the neighborhood are concerned.”
Burton says he's heard some specifics from neighbors.
“The personal anecdotes I've heard have to do with elderly relatives coming to visit, or driving into the neighborhood, and having to park a block or two away, and/or fears about that.”
Ellis with the Beaumont Neighborhood says homeowners aren't the only ones worried about where visitors will park. He says businesses along Fremont are already suffering a parking crunch approaching that of the city's poster child for the problem: Northwest 23rd Avenue.
Portland's Planning and Sustainability Bureau recently announced it's begun a parking study. Ellis hopes that will lead to changes in the zoning code.
But developer Dave Mullens doubts Portland will do anything to back away from its goal of establishing dense, urban neighborhoods.
Sources for this story came from OPB's Public Insight Network.
Learning me a Haskell for my own good
Mick Duprez Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 31, 2017
I've picked up Haskell a few times in the past and I've always found myself understanding the overall concepts and can read and understand most code. Once you get past the basics though the learning curve can get steep real fast. Again, it's not so much the overall concepts but it's underlying details of how Haskell works and I think you need to know these details if you want to get the most out of it.
Anyway, I came across a book called ‘Haskell programming from first principles' and so far it is delivering. It's quite a tome with over 1200 pages, I'm only a quarter of the way through and have already covered a lot of ground. I've completed all exercises and I find I'm fully understanding what's presented and what's going on at a deeper level (so far :) ).
The book starts with a chapter on Lambda Calculus and teaches you how it works with some exercises at the end. This chapter alone was a great help and set the tone for the rest of the book.
The teaching style is quite good and the authors encourage you to think about how an example or exercise works and what you think the answer is then verified it yourself in the REPL. I like this approach as it encourages you to ‘tinker' a bit and learn some things on your own.
The book is a bit of a slog due to its size, you read and read and it seems as though you are still at the start of the book! Most programming books you might work your way through in a few days but with Haskell it's different. You need to start — as they say — from first principles and your prior knowledge of programming will only get in the way — there are no shortcuts with Haskell.
The authors deliberately eschew analogies with other programming languages and in this particular book's case I agree, hence the size of the book. It would be hard to write a shorter book without analogies, I still think analogies are useful but use them alongside this book, not in place of it so you don't miss the subtle points that can be very important to gain a full understanding of Haskell.
While I've mentioned it's a bit of a slog, it's not hard reading, just a lot to read :) The content is clear and I couldn't see any real areas where it could be trimmed down.
It's strange really, Haskell has many similarities with Lisp in how it works but I think it's the strict typing that makes it harder to learn than Lisp. The declaration syntax is fine but the hardest thing to grok is the terminology. It's things like type classes, type constructors, type instances, type variables, data types … you get the idea and it seems there are more types than you could poke a stick at, all in the one line of code!
I can glaze over quickly once they start mentioning all these types in one sentence and I need to stop and take another look. Perhaps I will make a cheat sheet to refer to, it will help until it all ‘sticks'.
Anyway, if you want to learn Haskell properly you just have realised that Haskell is not the same language with a new syntax like Lisps and most imperative languages. You just have to go back to ‘school' and stick it out, it will be worth it and I think this book will help you get there.
I'll let you know how I get on once I finish, cheers.
...government. That's the opinion of over 1,400 experts, from academics to engineers, consulted by the Pew Internet and American Life Project.
The Net Threats report highlights widespread fears that nation states will increasingly block, filter and segment the internet to try and maintain security and political control. Commercial pressures, too, will affect everything from internet architecture to the flow of information, having a devastating effect on trust.
The Arab Spring demonstrated the power of the internet to help protesters organise - and governments have recognised this too. From the Great Firewall of China to NSA surveillance, the trend towards internet control has accelerated.
“Governments worldwide are looking for more power over the Net, especially within their own countries," says Dave Burstein, editor of Fast Net News. "Britain, for example, has just determined that ISPs block sites the government considers ‘terrorist' or otherwise dangerous. This will grow. There will usually be ways to circumvent the obstruction but most people won't bother.”
The word "Balkanization" crops up repeatedly in the responses, and there's concern over the different approaches taken by different nations - differences that have recently come to the fore, for example, with the EU's introduction of a right to be forgotten.
"Already access and sharing are hindered by parochial national laws. The European Union's privacy initiative can be a serious bottleneck, and the Safe Harbor regime is in jeopardy," says a professor at Georgetown University and former US Federal Trade Commission official. "Nationalism, and sovereign interests — for good reasons (privacy protection) or bad (economic protectionism) — are clear and present threats."
But big business is seen as a significant threat too - particularly by a number of early internet pioneers. The prospect of the loss of network neutrality, along with the spreading tentacles of copyright protection and patent law, leads many to fear a furure where the internet is controlled by commercial interests alone.
"American information industries along with their lackeys in the copyright office and Congress will effectively throttle the potential of the internet. Instead of thinking of new ways of encouraging innovation, they will lock into stone the pre-existing business models," writes one US-based policy advisor.
"Content distribution should be almost costless, but content owners will have successfully implemented legal and technical schemes that make access to and sharing of information impossible without paying them first."
The experts do, thank goodness, feel some hope for the future: most believe that access to the internet worldwide will continue to spread. There's hope that in developed nations, the commercial middle-men will wither away and consumers will gain greater access to content.
"The best realization of the fullest potential of the internet isn't a technology question but a human question," says Jeff Jarvis, director of the Tow-Knight Center for Entrepreneurial Journalism at the City University of New York Graduate School of Journalism.
"When given the opportunity, will we realize the benefits of sharing more information, gathering more knowledge, making more connections among ourselves? So far, we have."
Antlers' 0-0 draw with long-time rivals Jubilo Iwata handed the championship to Frontale, whose 5-0 win over Omiya Ardija ensured Toru Oniki's team finished ahead of Kashima on goal difference in the final standings.
The title win is Kawasaki's first after a trio of second-place finishes in 2006, 2008 and 2009.
Kashima went into the final two rounds of matches with a four-point lead over Kawasaki but a pair of draws coupled with wins in their games for Frontale ensured the J.League trophy changed hands.
A Yu Kobayashi hat-trick secured a third win in a row for Kawasaki as they eased past Omiya to spark emotional scenes at Todoroki Stadium among the Frontale fans.
Antlers went into the game needing to win to seal a ninth J.League title but were unable to find a way past a stubborn Jubilo defence. (Reporting by Michael Church; Editing by John O'Brien)
When governments issue regulations that undermine the value of property, bureaucrats don't necessarily have to compensate property holders, the Supreme Court ruled Friday.
The court voted 5-3, in Murr V. Wisconsin, a closely watched Fifth Amendment property rights case. The case arose from a dispute over two tiny parcels of land along the St. Croix River in western Wisconsin and morphed into a major property rights case that drew several western states into the debate before the court.
Chief Justice John Roberts, in a scathing dissent, wrote that ruling was a significant blow for property rights and would give greater power to government bureaucrats to pass rules that diminish the value of property without having to compensate property owners under the Firth Amendment's Takings Clause.
"Put simply, today's decision knocks the definition of 'private property' loose from its foundation on stable state law rules," Roberts wrote. The ruling "compromises the Takings Clause as a barrier between individuals and the press of the public interest."
Donna Murr, in a statement provided by the Pacific Legal Foundation, the libertarian law firm that represented the family in the case, said her family was disappointed by the result.
"It is our hope that property owners across the country will learn from our experience and not take their property rights for granted," Murr said. "Although the outcome was not what we had hoped for, we believe our case will demonstrate the importance of taking a stand and protecting property rights through the court system when necessary."
In 2004, Murr and her siblings sought to sell one of two parcels of land that had been in the family for decades. Murr's parents bought the land in the 1960s, built a cabin on one parcel, and left the other parcel undeveloped as a long-term investment.
The family attempted to sell the vacant parcel to pay for renovations to the cabin, but were prevented from doing so by regulations restricting the use of land along rivers like the St. Croix approved by the state in the 1980s, long after the purchase of both lots.
Those regulations effectively gutted the value of the Murrs' property. The property was appraised at $400,000 before the Murrs tried to sell it. When the family came to the county, now the only eligible buyer, the county offered $40,000.
The Murrs filed a lawsuit against the state and county, arguing that they should be compensated for the lost value of the property, arguing the Fifth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution guarantees governments must compensate property owners when land is seized or otherwise made un-useful for public purposes.
To avoid liability in the case, the state and county told the Murrs they could combine the two parcels of land for regulatory purposes. This meant that even though the two pieces of land were separate and the Murr family paid taxes on them separately, the family would be unable to make a takings claim for one of the two parcels.
In short, they could sell both lots together, but not one or the other.
Lower courts agreed with the government interpretation and the Supreme Court on Friday upheld the court rulings.
"Treating the lot in question as a single parcel is legitimate for purposes of this takings inquiry, and this supports the conclusion that no regulatory taking occurred here," Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote in the majority opinion. "They have not been deprived of all economically beneficial use of their property."
Justices Stephen Breyer, Elena Kagan, Ruth Bader Ginsberg, and Sonia Sotomayor joined Kennedy in the majority opinion, while conservative justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito joined Chief Justice John Roberts' dissent. The Supreme Court's newest member, Justice Neil Gorsuch, did not participate in the case.
The ruling could have implications that go well beyond the 2.5 acres of land in Wisconsin.
Several western states filed amicus briefs in the case on behalf of the Murr family (as did the Reason Foundation, which publishes this blog). Though states like Nevada and Arizona did not have a direct interest in the Murrs' ability to sell their vacant land, they saw the case as having important implications for conflicts over federal lands.
Many state governments own contiguous lots and large bodies of water near areas owned by the federal government (military bases, national parks, etc). If those government bodies are allowed to merge contiguous lots for regulatory purposes, the federal government could impose severe restrictions on state land and wouldn't have to pay consequences, warned Ilya Somin, a professor of law at George Mason University who authored the amicus brief on behalf of those western states.
Writing Friday at The Washington Post about the ruling, Somin said it is "likely to create confusion and uncertainty going forward."
"In at least some cases, today's indeed ruling allows the government to avoid compensating property owners for the taking of their land, merely because they also own the lot next door," he writes. "But the vague nature of the test established by the Court makes it very hard to figure out exactly when that might happen."
With Friday being the 12th anniversary of the infamous decision in Kelo v. New London (in which the Supreme Court upheld an objectionable use of eminent domain), Somin jokes that maybe property rights advocates should hope the court doesn't release any more rulings on June 23.
Roberts, in his dissenting opinion, stressed that the court's ruling in Murr could allow for "ad hoc, case-specific consideration" of takings claims, thus undermining constitutional protections that should be consistent and predictable for property owners. Meaning more leeway for governments to do what Wisconsin did to the Murrs.
"The result is that the government's goals shape the playing field," Roberts wrote, "even before the contest over whether the challenged regulation goes 'too far' even gets underway."
The 2020s
The 2010s
The 2000s
The 1990s
The 1980s
The 1970s
The 1960s
The 1950s
The 1940s
The 1930s
The 1920s
The 1910s
The 1900s
The 1890s
The 1880s
The 1870s
The 1860s
The 1850s
The 1840s
The 1830s
The 1820s
The 1810s
The 1800s
The 1790s
The 1780s
The 1770s
Please note that as a rule of thumb, any series or tour or tournament which began between the six months of April and September of any given year will appear in the relevant single year season and any that began between October and March will appear in the relevant cross-year season - For example the Indian Premier League that spanned April to June 2014 will appear in the 2014 season. However the Asia Cup in February/March 2014 will appear in the 2013/14 season. Matches which overlap these boundaries by more than a trivial amount will generally be assigned to the cross-year season, such as the World Twenty20 between March 16 and April 6 2014 can be found in the 2013/14 season.
For the first time, the official National Poetry Month poster features artwork by a high school student: tenth grader Julia Wang from San Jose, California, who has won the inaugural National Poetry Month Poster Contest . Wang's artwork was selected by contest judges Naomi Shihab Nye and Debbie Millman from among twelve finalists and more than 450 student submissions. It incorporates lines from the poem " An Old Story " by current U. S. Poet Laureate Tracy K. Smith
Order your free 2019 National Poetry Month poster now by completing the form below. If you're able to support our efforts, please consider a donation to the Academy of American Poets. Contributions from poetry lovers like you help us send more than 100,000 free posters to teachers, librarians, booksellers, and event organizers nationwide to help celebrate April events.
If you have any questions or wish to share photos of your National Poetry Month poster on display, email us at [email protected]. Visit our poster gallery to see posters from years past.
download the 2019 poster as a pdf
Celebrities compete in a contest of culinary skill. Jim Moir, Angellica Bell, Stephen Hendry, Julia Somerville and Henri Leconte get their campaigns under way.
The first batch of five celebrities undertake three tough challenges in a bid to prove their talent to judges John Torode and Gregg Wallace. Hoping to show they have got what it takes are comedian and actor Jim Moir, TV presenter Angellica Bell, seven-time snooker world champion Stephen Hendry, presenter Julia Somerville and tennis legend Henri Leconte.
The first challenge is the Mystery Box. The contestants must use the ingredients in the box, which include lamb loin, goat's cheese, butternut squash and rhubarb, as well as a basic larder, to create one dish.
The celebrities are then split into two groups to take on the challenge of cooking for the first time in a restaurant kitchen, preparing dishes for paying customers. Jim, Stephen and Henri head to Aster, which is heavily influenced by Nordic and French cuisine, while Angellica and Julia are sent to Temper.
In the final test, the contestants are asked to prepare a two-course menu of their own design in just one hour. The celebrities work furiously in a last attempt to prove themselves to the judges, because at the end of this test one of them will be going home.
TRENTON — U.S. Sen. Robert Menendez has joined the list of the nation's 13 "most corrupt" members of Congress, according to a report issued today by a watchdog organization, making New Jersey home to two lawmakers with ethical clouds hanging over their heads.
The organization, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW) put Menendez (D-N.J.) on the list this year because of accusations that he did favors for a friend and campaign donor, Salomon Melgen, and accepted rides on his private plane without disclosing them.
Menendez joins U.S. Rep. Rob Andrews (D-1st Dist.), who first appeared on the organization's list last year for using campaign funds to pay for a family trip to Scotland — including business class airfare and a stay at a luxury hotel — and other allegedly personal expenses.
“Sadly, friendship is rarely a straightforward proposition when power is involved,” Melanie Sloan, executive director of CREW, said in a statement. “Sen. Menendez's relationship with Dr. Melgen is transactional: campaign cash and lavish gifts for the senator, official favors and influence for the businessman.”
The Senate Ethics Committee is looking into trips Menendez — a frequent guest at Melgen's vacation home in the Dominican Republic — took on his private plane that the senator only disclosed and reimbursed him $58,500 after the flights were disclosed.
According to the Washington Post, a federal grand jury is looking into whether Menendez improperly used his position to benefit the business interests of Melgen, an opthamologist with office in West Palm Beach, Fla.
An article in the Post disclosed that Menendez contacted the agency in charge of the federal government's Medicare and Medicaid programs over a billing dispute with Melgen. The New York Times reported that Menendez helped advocate for a port security contract in the Dominican Republican that would benefit Melgen.
Menendez has denied any wrongdoing.
“If Sen. Menendez accepted campaign contributions to his campaign committee, leadership PAC, or legal defense fund, or sought contributions the DSCC, Majority PAC, or the local New Jersey Democratic committees, from Dr. Melgen and his family in exchange for intervening in Dr. Melgen's Medicare billing dispute with CMS or pressing federal officials to compel the Dominican government to honor the port security contract, Sen. Menendez may have accepted a bribe,” CREW's report said.
CREW is not merely an observer in the Menendez saga. Last year, the group received emails from an anonymous person who claimed the senator used prostitutes — some underage — while visiting Melgen's house in the Dominican Republic. CREW informed the FBI and ABC News. ABC News could not corroborate the claims. The FBI reportedly has found no evidence to substantiate them and according to reports is investigating their source. After a conservative media outlet aired the prostitution allegations, Sloan publicly expressed doubt about the credibility of the anonymous informant.
Paul Brubaker, a spokesman for Menendez, said CREW — a non-profit organization that is funded through donations — was using the controversy to raise money.
"This is the same old garbage that's been peddled for more than a year now. This smear campaign against the Senator has been soundly discredited and as we have said from the very beginning, any review of the actual facts will confirm his actions were appropriate," Brubaker said. "It's disappointing that CREW -- which itself published false, anonymous, discredited smears -- would now employ them as a fundraising tool."
Andrews' campaign spending was first disclosed by The Star-Ledger in 2011. The article also showed how theater companies that cast the congressman's daughter , an aspiring actress, also received donations from his campaign.
CREW also included Andrews on the list because he had earmarked funds for Rutgers-Camden , his wife's employer.
“Rep. Andrews' repeated misuse of campaign funds is outrageous,” Sloan said. “With the recent sentencing of disgraced former Rep. Jesse Jackson, Jr., Rep. Andrews should be even more worried about the potential consequences he may face for using his campaign account to finance his family's lavish lifestyle.”
The House Committee on Ethics is currently investigating the allegations after the Office of Congressional Ethics said there was “substantial reason to believe” Andrews broke the law.
Andrews has said his campaign spending was proper. His chief of staff, Fran Tagmire, called CREW "hypocrites."
"CREW is a Washington, DC interest group that takes money from secret donors to finance false and malicious attacks on people, and then refuses to disclose where its money comes from," Tagmire said. "It is telling that CREW refuses to hold itself to the same standards of public disclosure as the people it attacks. Congressman Andrews is working hard every day to serve the people of South Jersey."
RELATED COVERAGE
• Menendez and Melgen: An inside look at how the money and access flowed
• Friend's crisis lands Sen. Menendez in unfavorable spotlight
•House ethics committee forms subcommittee to investigate Andrews
•South Jersey congressman spent $9,000 from campaign funds on donor's wedding
• More Politics
He's Baaack! Hebrew Hammer 2 is Moving Forward! *UPDATED*
*SCROLL TO BOTTOM FOR UPDATE*
It should come as no surprise that we're big fans of classic holiday film The Hebrew Hammer over here. We ranked it #20 in our list of “The 100 Greatest Jewish Movie Moments,” and labeled Hammer's dirty-talk lovemaking as “the greatest Jewish love scene in the history of film.”
So, you can imagine how excited we were when we received the following, somewhat cryptic, email from Hammer creator Jonathan Kesselman:
Are there more adventures in store for everyone's favorite certified, circumcised dick? It looks like it! But, according to the link in the email, he needs your help. Using crowdsourced funding platform Jewcer.com, Kesselman is raising money to turn The Hebrew Hammer vs. Hitler into a reality.
Now, folks, we really, really want to see this film get made. So, head over to The Hebrew Hammer vs. Hitler's Jewcer page, kick him a few shekels, and get all your friends (even the goyish ones. Tell them it's “reparations”) to do the same.
And, above all else, remember…
****
Update: From our lips to Kesselman's ears, here's the brand-spankin' new Hebrew Hammer vs. Hitler Jewcer campaign promotional video, complete with juicy plot details!
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mr Trump has suggested at a third-party run
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he will never leave the 2016 race despite widespread criticism of his remarks about Muslims.
Mr Trump told the Washington Post he would not step aside, no matter what.
The White House had said Mr Trump was "disqualified" from running after he said the US should ban Muslims from entering the country.
His comments, in the wake of a deadly terror attack in California, drew global condemnation.
The latest world leader to reject his remarks was Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who said Israel "respects all religions", hours after Mr Trump announced he will be visiting the country this month.
Mr Trump is the current frontrunner among the Republicans running for president, six weeks before the primary contests begin for each party to pick their nominee.
He also alluded to running as an independent in a tweet linking to a USA Today poll which found 68% of his supporters would vote for him if he left the Republican party.
Concerned that Mr Trump could run as an independent, Republican leaders persuaded the New York businessman to pledge to support the eventual nominee.
Trump's 'Muslim Ban' - in depth
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption American Muslims explain how they feel in the United States
Petition gains steam - A petition to ban Trump from the UK has passed 250,000 signatures
Anti-Muslim rhetoric in the US - The fear of being Muslim in North America
World reacts to 'racist' Trump - His comments were met with disgust and disbelief
Trump's 'highly respected' pollsters- Who are they?
Free speech v hate speech - Would Trump get in trouble in Europe?
However, Mr Trump has threatened to leave the Republican party before if he was not "treated fairly".
"My whole life is about winning. I don't lose often. I almost never lose," he told the Post.
Party officials fear a third-party Trump campaign would spill the Republican vote, and give Democrats a winning advantage.
Although Mr Trump has consistently led in national polls for several months, a majority of voters view him unfavourably.
Republican congressman David Jolly has joined a number of commentators who have urged him to withdraw from the race.
Mr Trump's comments about Muslims came after the deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California.
Image copyright AP Image caption Mr Trump has come under heavy criticism during his campaign
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Republican rival Jeb Bush called Mr Trump's plan "unhinged"
He called for "a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on".
A Muslim couple, believed to have been radicalised, killed 14 people at a health centre and left scores injured.
Many leading Republicans have expressed their condemnation. Former Governor of Florida Jeb Bush called Mr Trump "unhinged" while Speaker of the House Paul Ryan said his comments were contrary to American values.
A petition calling for Mr Trump to be barred from entering the UK has gathered more than 250,000 names, so MPs will have to consider debating the issue.
"They don't know what they're getting into," Mr Trump wrote on Twitter about the petition.
UK Prime Minister David Cameron said he regards comments made by Mr Trump as "divisive, unhelpful and quite simply wrong".
Mr Trump also claimed that parts of London were "so radicalised the police are afraid for their lives".
The Mayor of London Boris Johnson responded by saying the "ill-informed comments are complete and utter nonsense".
Veronica Mars Movie Photos Tease Drinks & LoVe, Jerry O'Connell, Gaby Hoffman And More By Kelly West Random Article Blend The case? We'll find out in a matter of weeks when the movie hits theaters and Video on Demand!
Following the release of the
The photos also glimpse some newcomers to the story, including Jerry O'Connell's "Dan Lamb," who's standing with Enrico Colantoni's Keith Mars and Daran Norris' Cliff McCormack.
Season 3 spoiler chat in the next paragraph!
I'm going to assume that Dan Lamb must be related to the dearly departed former sheriff Don Lamb. Original Lamb's exit in the third season of the series is one of the things I liked least about Season 3. In fact, I didn't like it so much that if Rob Thomas had decided to miraculously revive the character just to bring Michael Muhney back for the movie and pretend like Lamb never died, I would've probably been willing to turn a blind eye to the glaring continuity error or accept some ridiculous faked-his-own-death explanation involving gambling debts or something. Unlikable as he was, Lamb was a character I always expected to get to know better at some point, so his death felt shocking, and unfortunately, not in a meaningful way. More like in an "I smell bread" kind of way. At the very least, perhaps Jerry O'Connell's character will fill in some more blanks about Don. Or maybe he's just the stand-in cocky sheriff guy, which would also be fine. Because would any of us have trouble imagining Don Lamb's brother/cousin/whoever as
End Season 3 spoiler chat.
Next up, we have the barely recognizable Gaby Hoffman as "Ruby Jetson," a new character to the story, sitting between Jason Dohring and Kristen Bell...
You can view the rest of the images in the gallery below. There's nothing quite like the sight of Veronica Mars looking as though she just figured something out. That may be what's going on in one of the recently released stills from the anticipated film, as you can almost hear the sound of the wheels in Ms. Mars' head turning as her eyes stare at the computer screen, while she sits at what might be her father's desk. What has she figured out? Is she about to crack a case?case? We'll find out in a matter of weeks when the movie hits theaters and Video on Demand!Following the release of the opening scene , Warner Bros. has released a crop of photos from the film, many of which should serve well to whet fans' appetites for this movie. After all, how long have we waited to see Veronica and Logan back on screen together? Here's Logan and Veronica having drinks:The photos also glimpse some newcomers to the story, including Jerry O'Connell's "Dan Lamb," who's standing with Enrico Colantoni's Keith Mars and Daran Norris' Cliff McCormack.Season 3 spoiler chat in the next paragraph!I'm going to assume that Dan Lamb must be related to the dearly departed former sheriff Don Lamb. Original Lamb's exit in the third season of the series is one of the things I liked least about Season 3. In fact, I didn't like it so much that if Rob Thomas had decided to miraculously revive the character just to bring Michael Muhney back for the movie and pretend like Lamb never died, I would've probably been willing to turn a blind eye to the glaring continuity error or accept some ridiculous faked-his-own-death explanation involving gambling debts or something. Unlikable as he was, Lamb was a character I always expected to get to know better at some point, so his death felt shocking, and unfortunately, not in a meaningful way. More like in an "I smell bread" kind of way. At the very least, perhaps Jerry O'Connell's character will fill in some more blanks about Don. Or maybe he's just the stand-in cocky sheriff guy, which would also be fine. Because would any of us have trouble imagining Don Lamb's brother/cousin/whoever as Trip McNealy End Season 3 spoiler chat.Next up, we have the barely recognizable Gaby Hoffman as "Ruby Jetson," a new character to the story, sitting between Jason Dohring and Kristen Bell...You can view the rest of the images in the gallery below. Veronica Mars arrives in select theaters and Video On Demand on March 14. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Diego Forlan, the Uruguayan striker, has joined Japanese club Cerezo Osaka on an 18-month contract.
The former Independiente, Manchester United, Villarreal, Atletico Madrid and Inter Milan striker will leave Brazilian club Internacional and join his new club in time for the new season which starts on March 1.
Forlan, 34, had been with the Porto Alegre club since 2012, but finances are tight at a club who have been forced to play their home games elsewhere while their stadium is rebuilt for the World Cup. He started well for Inter and was the top goalscorer in last season's Guacho championship; but the inexperienced side struggled in the Brazilian league and dismissed their coach Dunga. They also sold Forlan's Brazilian international strike partner Leandro Damiao to Santos for R$41 million (Dh63.4m).
It is a coup for Cerezo to sign the twice European golden boot winner who was also the joint top goalscorer in the last World Cup finals, where he won the Golden Ball for being the tournament's best player.
Forlan won wide praise in Japan for his performance in a friendly there in August, scoring twice in a 4-2 win against the fellow World Cup finalists. His strike partner Luis Suarez was at the heart of both goals.
Forlan was happy at Inter and living in Brazil ahead of the World Cup finals, but speculation began to mount about his departure in recent weeks, with offers from North America and Europe. Brazilian side Botafogo were understood to be keen to sign him to spearhead their Copa Libertadores campaign. Their player manager Clarence Seedorf left them for coach AC Milan last week, freeing up space in their budget. But much as Forlan would like to play in the Libertadores, his club were understood to be reluctant to sell him to a domestic rival – just as Forlan did not want to leave Inter and play for a domestic rival.
“I was happy at Inter and had a great relationship with everyone, but the one offer which stood out for me was from Japan,” Forlan said as he signed the forms to complete the negotiations at his home in Porto Alegre on Tuesday. “I've played in Japan three or four times and always enjoyed the atmosphere in the stadiums, what culture I've seen and the people have always been very friendly. I'm really looking forward to joining Cerezo and doing my best for my new team.”
Forlan has no fears about the J League hampering his chances of being in the Uruguay squad for the World Cup finals.
“It's not the Premier League or La Liga, but the standard of football is high, improving and the league is very competitive,” Forlan said. “I saw Cerezo draw with Manchester United pre-season and they were praised for playing so well. I'm also in really good condition and want to play for as long as possible. Cerezo are a well established club with huge support in from a big city. I'm really excited about the move.”
Cerezo, who count Shinji Kagawa among their former players, finished fourth in the 2013 J League, four points behind champions Sanfrecce Hiroshima. Just nine points separated the top eight clubs, with Cerezo one of four teams to qualify for the 2014 AFC Champions League alongside UAE sides Al Ain, Al Ahli, Al Jazira and Baniyas. The winner of this will play in the 2014 Fifa Club World Cup.
Forlan will be the highest profile player in the 20-year-old J League, whose new season starts on March 1, but breaks from May 17 to July 19 to help players prepare for the World Cup finals. Cerezo's Japanese internationals Yoichiro Kakitani and Hotaru Yamaguchi will appreciate the break – as will Forlan.
sports@thenational.ae
Follow us on Twitter @SprtNationalUAE
Ian Cathro has left his position as head coach of Hearts.
Cathro had been under increasing pressure after his side's poor showing in the Betfred League Cup, which included a 2-1 humbling to North-east side Peterhead at Balmoor.
Their last game, a 2-2 draw with Championship Dunfermline Athletic, which the Pars won 3-1 on penalties, saw them exit the competition.
In a statement released by the club they said: “This was a very difficult decision, reluctantly made, as every member of the Board recognises that Ian is an extremely talented young coach with a very bright future ahead of him.
“We thank Ian for all of his efforts and wish him well in the future”
Hearts finished fifth in the Premiership last term and Cathro had been reluctant to answer questions on his future in recent weeks.
He joined Hearts in December last year.
ABOUT THE MOVIE
ParaNorman More
ParaNorman
Not yet rated
When a small town comes under siege by zombies, who can it call? Only misunderstood local boy Norman, who is able to speak with the dead. In addition to the zombies, he'll have to take on ghosts, witches and, worst, of all, grown-ups, to save his town from a centuries-old curse. But this young ghoul whisperer may find his paranormal activities pushed to their otherworldly limits.
STARRING:Anna Kendrick, Leslie Mann, John Goodman, Kodi Smit-McPhee
Movie Details | Cast | Trailers and Clips| Photos
WHO WILL DIG IT?
Kodi Smit-McPhee More
Kids who enjoy their animated films with a dash of creepy will find plenty of thrills, and horror aficionados will get a kick out of the many subtle references to fright flicks of the past.
THREE GOOD REASONS
1 It's from the makers of "Coraline," which also presented a spooky story in eye-popping (sometimes literally) 3D stop motion animation.
It's from the makers of "Coraline," which also presented a spooky story in eye-popping (sometimes literally) 3D stop motion animation. 2 Young Australian actor Kodi Smit-McPhee voices Norman, and he showed in the 2010's acclaimed vampire film "Let Me In" he knows how to handle the undead.
Young Australian actor Kodi Smit-McPhee voices Norman, and he showed in the 2010's acclaimed vampire film "Let Me In" he knows how to handle the undead. 3 There are plenty of other gut-bustingly funny actors providing voices, including John Goodman, Jeff Garlin, Leslie Mann, Christopher Mintz-Plasse, and the legendary Elaine Stritch.
BET YOU DIDN'T KNOW
Kodi Smit-McPhee More
Norman's friend Neil is voiced by 12-year-old actor Tucker Albrizzi. In 2007, his older brother Patrick was diagnosed with leukemia, and their entire family spent a year travelling across the country to raise money and sign up bone marrow donors. Both Patrick and Tucker appeared in Michael Moore's documentary "Sicko."
Elton John: ‘God bless Turkey'
ANTALYA – Anadolu Agency
DHA photo
He also took the opportunity to criticize those who canceled their shows in Turkey.
“I would like to dedicate this to you all and Turkey. And to say people who cancel their shows here and didn't come: You don't know what you are missing,” he said during his Sept. 9 concert held on the sidelines of Antalya Expo 2016, one of the world's largest horticultural shows.
“I am so glad I am here,” he added. “We have had the best time, we cannot thank you enough. God bless Turkey.”
Various shows have been canceled across Turkey this year due to attacks by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) and the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), as well as the July 15 failed coup attempt.
Pianist, singer-songwriter Elton John, 69, performed for fans for about an hour-and-a-half and received a storm of applause at the end of his performance.
The British veteran musician previously sent a letter to the expo organizers in which he condemned the July 15 coup attempt in Turkey. He had pledged to carry on with the concert regardless.
British music legend Sir Elton John praised his Turkish audience during a performance in the Mediterranean resort province of Antalya.
Someone in the Atlanta United front office must have a thing for music theory.
It's a solid explanation for the syncopation Atlanta has shown with their offseason moves.
Don't get it twisted, there's always a plan and there are always many moving pieces but to drop a huge MLS trade rumor the day after a four-hour trade window is a rhythm that even Dave Brubeck would be proud of.
As you've most likely seen through twitter or the smokestack downtown (that is what it is for. You didn't know?) Darlington Nagbe looks like he will be with The Five Stripes next season.
The 27-year-old is probably most visible to people east of Portland due to his time with the United States National Team. Opinions on Nagbe can vary depending on who you talk to, what time it is, and the current barometric pressure on Venus. What is not up for debate is his skill. He is a fantastic dribbler and very solid passer. The question now becomes: where does he fit if this all falls into place?
Atlanta is basically a giant clock at this point where parts are moving and getting changed at the drop of a hat. While many people are wrestling with the idea of Miguel Almiron leaving for millions eventually, rumors about Carlos Carmona's possible departure have popped up (patience with Google Translate and/or being bilingual will help should you go down the Carmona transfer rabbit hole.) Carmona was a rock for Atlanta and would surely do the same in his home country after being gone for almost a decade.
Beyond the rumors, Atlanta has a holding midfielder-shaped hole in the starting lineup and how they plan to go about fixing that is up for debate. Carmona could possibly slide back behind Nagbe should the moves go that way, or Nagbe could replace Carmona should he leave. Maybe Larentowicz still signs with Atlanta? Maybe they find another player at the last minute in Italy like they did when they plucked Carmona from Atalanta in the 11th hour.
The point is that there are holes that need to be filled, but the number of solutions are more plentiful than the number of holes. It is one of the nicer things about soccer being such a global game: the answer can literally come from anywhere other than Antarctica and once penguins improve their lateral mobility who is to say someone won't at least give them a tryout?
Nagbe is a proven player who could be very intriguing under Tata Martino and he probably won't be the last move we see before 2018. There will probably be some incoming and outgoing movement and while Nagbe is an eyebrow raiser, try not to overthink it. United won't break camp without a blueprint.
Many may have thought this offseason would be quiet after the expansion flurry last year. That's what we get for thinking.
A noted female Islamic scholar has said any attempt by the Narendra Modi government to do away with the practice of triple talaq would be opposed in the strongest possible terms by women themselves.
Fariha Binte Hakeemullah, who is associated with Allahabad-based Islamic Education and Research Organization, said Muslim women in the country are happy with the existing Islamic laws on triple talaq through which Muslim men divorce their wives instantly by uttering the word thrice in one go.
“Muslim women would continue following the Shariah law as it is better in their interest,” Hakeemullah said at a seminar on triple talaq in Gorakhpur's Unchwa locality on Monday.
“When the Muslim women themselves do not want any changes in triple talaq and Shariah, why is the government interfering unnecessarily?” she asked, adding it was the constitutional right of Muslims to follow Shariah.
In India, there is a separate set of laws governing marriage, divorce and inheritance that allows the Muslim community to regulate these matters through their own civil code.
The Modi government has said it wants to replace the triple talaq and other Islamic personal laws with a new uniform civil code applicable to all religious groups. That proposal has met stiff opposition from Muslim groups, who argue that it would discriminate against them.
Read more| Triple talaq: The AIMPLB's statement goes against the spirit of Islam
Last week, Modi criticised the controversial practice of triple talaq, speaking for the first time on mounting calls to reform the Islamic code that he said was destroying Muslim women's lives.
Women's rights were a development issue and that people must not politicise the debate to ban the triple talaq, the Prime Minister said at a rally in Uttar Pradesh, where Muslims form more than 20% of the population - above the national average.
About two dozen Muslim women's groups have in recent years mounted legal challenges to triple talaq, which they say discriminates against them and violates their human rights.
Bharatiya Muslim Mahila Andolan (BMMA), which has filed a petition in the Supreme Court, demanding reforms in the Muslim personal law and the abolition of triple talaq and halala, says triple talaq is unilateral, arbitrary and unconstitutional because it violates the right to equality.
The India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB), a non-governmental body which oversees the application of Muslim personal law, opposes any ban on triple talaq and polygamy.
Justifying the triple talaq, Hakeemullah said that it was the simplest way in which a Muslim couple could separate if they wanted to do so without any complications.
“Talaq is the last option available to Muslim couples who want to separate. In Islam, couples who want to part ways have been asked to resolve their differences through discussions among themselves. Family elders may also intervene. The couple may finally opt for talaq if the issues are not sorted out,” she said.
Read more| AIMPLB convention to formulate action on Uniform Civil Code and triple talaq
Hakeemullah said Islam showed the way to peace, harmony and brotherhood but conspiracies were hatched to portray it in a poor light.
“Islam is being associated with terrorism nowadays to defame the 1,400-year-old religion which advocates universal brotherhood and mutual love,” she added.
According to Hakeemullah, a large number of Muslim women, who attended the seminar, vowed to oppose any reform in the controversial Islamic law under which a man can divorce his wife by uttering the word talaq three times in one go.
Triple talaq has been banned in more than 20 Muslim-majority countries, including Pakistan and Bangladesh while polygamy was prohibited in Turkey and Turkmenistan among other countries.
First Published: Nov 02, 2016 12:17 IST
The pocket sized puppy pal: Mini, Britain's smallest dog opens her eyes for the first time as she is dwarfed by sheepdog
The tiny puppy is three and half weeks old but has only just opened her eyes
Was born weighing 1.3 ounces - little more than a hen's egg - a third of the size of other puppies her type
Although other dogs like her can grow to 15 pounds when grown, vets say she will only reach 1.5 pounds
They may be very different sizes, but they are the very best of friends.
Mini - Britain's tiniest dog - has proved that size does not matter when it comes to having fun as she cuddles up to her pal.
It is the first time the brave little terrier has clapped eyes on her friend, as she has only just opened her eyes.
Here's looking at you kid: The pair have become fast friends - especially as Mini has now opened her eyes
Mini: The tiny terrier is believed to be Britain's smallest dog, after she was born weighing little more than an egg
Going for a dip: The pocket-sized pooch was so small she had to be hand reared by her owner
Mini was the second born in a litter of Chihuahua- Yorkshire terrier cross puppies, and weighed just 1.3 ounces.
The average weight for a puppy of this type is 4.5 ounces and they can weigh up to 15 pounds when fully grown.
But vets believe she will only be about 1.5 pounds when she is fully grown.
Owner Emma Williams did not hold out much hope that the tiny three and half week pup would make it, as she was so small her brothers and sisters would nose her out of the way as they jostled for milk.
The 29 year old, from Sandbanks, Dorset, decided to boost her growth by hand rearing the little one with formula milk, and now the puppy is able to open her eyes and see the world for the first time.
She said: 'It is like having a baby.'
Ready to watch the box: The little dog is dwarfed next to the television control
Oh my dog: The puppy could easily be overlooked in the thick pile of the carpet she lies in
Champagne moment: Owner Emma Williams celebrated when tiny Mini opened her eyes for the first time
Actress and Fox News contributor Stacey Dash isn't backing down following controversial comments she made about the gender pay gap that made for a testy exchange on Wednesday's episode of “The Meredith Viera Show.”
“It's the same thing with race. It's an excuse,” Ms. Dash said. “Stop making excuses. If there are opportunities, seize them and be prepared for them and be the best if that's what it takes. If you have to be extraordinary then be extraordinary.”
“I feel like we're fighting an uphill battle,” Ms. Viera countered, citing a statistic that women make 78 cents on the dollar that a man makes.
“No, I know the numbers are true,” Ms. Dash said, “but I feel like your daughter will be able to make as much money as she wants in her life just like you are. I mean look at you. The success you have.”
“I am successful, but it took me a long time,” the host responded. “It takes a lot of people a long time. For many years, I was not getting paid the same as the guys.”
“And you think it's because you're a woman?” Ms. Dash asked.
“I think that had a lot to do with it,” Ms. Viera responded. “If you look at the numbers, there's a reason why women get 78 cents and why men get a buck.”
Ms. Dash added: “See, I guess I won't put my fate into anything other than my own action and taking my destiny in my hands. I will not be a victim.”
“I'm not saying I'm a victim,” the host retorted. “I'm pissed off. I don't want to be a victim.”
“And that's the thing,” Ms. Dash continued. “If you want to be pissed off about it, then be pissed off about it and work harder for it. But I don't think us complaining about it — because there is a law passed that we get equal pay.”
“Except we don't,” Ms. Viera said. “We don't. We don't. We don't. We don't.”
After receiving a wave of backlash for her comments, Ms. Dash continued to explain her stance online.
“I am not ANTI-WOMAN! I just don't believe that my gender needs a bunch of men in Congress to ‘save us' from the big bad world,” she tweeted to her 485,000 followers Thursday morning.
“The 77 cents vs a dollar is based on B.S. statistics. STOP USING IT. CELEBRATE that EDUCATED women in their 20's now make more than men!” Ms. Dash continued. “I DON'T CARE IF I AM THE LONE VOICE IN THE WOODS, I WILL NOT LET THE GOVERNMENT MAKE WOMEN AN ENTITLEMENT CLASS. #HOLDINGTHELINE.”
As far as the interview with Ms. Vieira, Ms. Dash said, “[She] is my friend. I LOVE having discussions w/ her on @MeredithShow. When we disagree it does not mean we are tense #GrownUps.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The American Kennel Club has called on the FCI to move the World Dog Show from Russia where it is scheduled to take place in 2016, because of Russia's human rights abuses against gay people.
Here's the letter, via DogChannel.com:
Dear Rafael,
One of the most compelling aspects of the human-canine bond – cherished internationally more than ever before – is the fact that our dogs love us unconditionally. Dogs do not discriminate. Gender, race, sexual orientation and other status do not enter the equation of responsible pet ownership. That is why the American Kennel Club and our constituency are puzzled and disappointed by the decision to allow Russia to host the 2016 World Dog Show. The proliferation of anti-gay and lesbian laws in Russia today is both disturbing and shocking to our community. The choice of this country as a venue for such a prestigious dog show flies in the face of the ideals of the human-canine bond.
On behalf of the American Kennel Club, our member clubs, and the American purebred dog fancy, we urge you to move the 2016 World Dog Show from Russia to a nation that respects and upholds human rights for all its citizens. The international dog community deserves to enjoy the World Dog Show in a place that stands for freedom and equal rights for all. AKC cannot and will not support participation in the 2016 World Dog Show if it is held in Russia.
As exhibitors, breeders, handlers and trainers, we teach our dogs many things. But there is no denying, they teach us too. Our bond with dogs is not defined by the type of person who holds the leash. We cannot support competition in an environment where tolerance does not exist.
Yours respectfully,
Alan T. Kalter (pictured)
Chairman of the Board
Dennis B. Sprung
President and CEO
Allan Reznik, the Editor-in-Chief of Dog Channel, also announced that a scheduled feature on Russia for its November 2016 issue would be pulled:
A boycott of the Olympic Games is being called for and with the World Dog Show scheduled for Moscow in 2016 the FCI is facing pressure to change its venue unless these violations of basic human rights are rescinded. AKC President Dennis Sprung and Chairman Alan Kalter issued a courageous statement protesting Russian President Putin's anti-gay law.
We have many gay breeders, exhibitors, handlers and judges proudly participating in our sport worldwide. In light of Russia's violation of these basic human rights, and given the strides that have been made recently in the USA with respect to equal rights, DOMA defeat, etc., we at Dogs in Review feel it would be inappropriate to feature Russia in our November International Issue. We are not feeling particularly celebratory toward that country. Moreover, we urge our American judges with invitations to officiate in Russia to reconsider their assignments, at a time when visitors traveling there could be arrested and detained, with the blessing of the Russian government.
by
Renewed criticism of Black Bloc anarchists (link) ties in a tangential way to the arrest on terrorism charges of three youths in Chicago prior to recent anti-NATO protests. The anarchists raise the question of the legitimate use of violence to achieve political ends. The arrest of the youths on trumped-up charges with what credible sources (National Lawyers Guild) believe is manufactured evidence suggests that as far as the state is concerned, they're going to make up charges anyway. So what is the difference?
Terrorism charges have long been used for political repression because they are premised on the legitimacy of state violence versus the illegitimacy of non-state violence. But the question of legitimacy was in fair measure the reason why anti-NATO protesters were in Chicago. Member states claim the right, through NATO, to commit political violence at will. The protesters, rightly in my view, counter that (1) the reasons given by NATO for committing violence are lies intended to deceive populations into supporting armed aggression and (2) were the real reasons for NATO violence given they would be deemed illegitimate and therefore the violence itself is illegitimate.
Criticism of Black Bloc tends to center around public relations– the fear the media will focus on property damage to the exclusion of the protesters' broader message. But the dominant media in the U.S. are corporations that have demonstrated that they will promote a broad corporatist agenda at all costs. The Chicago Police Department and the coordinated state “security” apparatus understand this and they are using terrorism charges as propaganda to try to draw a line between protesters and the growing millions of disenfranchised citizens.
The state knows from experience that when it comes to “terrorism” the dominant corporate media will report what the state tells it, most probably with more sensationalism than the state could hope for. So to those worried that Black Bloc generates bad publicity, the government / media line is all bullshit all of the time anyway. And Black Bloc neither causes this nor will “polite” behavior by protesters produce favorable media treatment, particularly if protests begin to become politically effective.
To the issue of property damage, this is a right wing canard. Were the state and media interested in property damage we have Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Somalia, Yemen, Nicaragua, Honduras, El Salvador, Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam. Here at home we have millions of empty houses and destroyed neighborhoods thanks to specific, actionable crimes committed by specific banks and bankers that the government is protecting. Then there is the world-threatening environmental damage produced by specific corporate actors that are also being protected by the government. So to Black Bloc critics worried about property damage, ending state violence by asking politely that the state stop committing it runs into the paradox that the state is using political violence to crack open the heads of the protesters who are politely asking that the state stop committing political violence.
State violence deemed illegitimate calls into question the very premise of terror charges—if state violence is not in all circumstances legitimate then how can non-state violence to end illegitimate state violence in all circumstances be illegitimate? The states' public position, articulated by recent presidents, is that protesters have every right to peacefully protest the use of illegitimate violence by the state. But as a purveyor of illegitimate violence, what right does the state retain to claim that legitimacy distinguishes state from non-state violence? The state is either forced into the profoundly undemocratic position that its legitimacy is self-generated, and therefore not a function of the consent of the people, or that its legitimacy does derive from the consent of the people and therefore when that consent is withdrawn, so is the states' legitimacy.
The issue of consent, or rather its absence, gets to the very heart of the protesters' criticism of NATO. If the U.S. state, under the guise of NATO, the ‘coalition of the willing,” or any other umbrella group, actively deceives the public to gain support for acts of political violence, then in what sense can consent be said to have been given? And if consent hasn't been given, in what sense is the state violence legitimate? Finally, if state violence isn't legitimate, under its own legal premises, neither then are terrorism charges.
So on to Black Bloc: the anarchists' inclination toward radical democracy has resonance across the social / political movements that have arisen in recent years. So in the most fundamental sense, there is at this level general agreement amongst us. The difference seems to be one of tactics. Was there a playbook, a guide, to successfully creating social and political change, it would also be in the hands of those who oppose change. No one of us knows where collective political action will take us. My suggestion is that inclusion is better than exclusion, particularly when there is at some level a coincidence of interests.
The state and corporate media will make up any lies they deem necessary to shut effective political opposition down. However, the disenfranchisement that leads to political opposition to the plutocrat-state is factually a product of the plutocrats and their servants in government, and not the protesters. This is to say that the forces of effective propaganda are on the side of the state but the facts of political, economic and social disenfranchisement are with the forces of change. And the facts will ultimately determine if change will come, not the turgid nonsense put out by the corporate media. Property will come and go. As long as Black Bloc is on the side of people, they have a place.
Rob Urie is an artist and political economist in New York
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Tens of thousands of people in our area will soon be without health insurance coverage when the new year rolls around. Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City announced today it's dropping individual Affordable Care Act plans.
Insurance broker Marcus Hood said, "My immediate thought is there's going to be a lot of people that are going to be hurting over this."
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City announced today it will not offer individual Affordable Care Act plans starting next year, unless members purchased those plans before October 2013. This will affect 67,000 of the more than 1 million members in the area.
The company said it lost $100 million in the last two years and those hits are simply not sustainable. Hood claims getting insurance through the marketplace is a complicated process so many people go through private companies to buy coverage for themselves and their families. Hood said, "On the individual side, you will not be able to buy through Blue Cross, we can only hope that the remaining carrier here in Kansas will stay intact."
Hood said Medica is the one carrier in Kansas and in Missouri, the remaining provider is Cigna. "We've already lost a lot of choice of networks when it comes to hospitals and doctors but when there's no choice of carriers, you've very limited on policies that you would want to purchase," said Hood. He calls this a state of emergency and is calling on the U.S. Senate to act immediately.
Local politicians from both sides quickly put out public statements after the news came out Wednesday.
Congressman Emanuel Cleaver II called this "devastating and a wake-up call to Congress," asking "what choice will thousands of Missourians have if the largest insurance provider pulls out?"
"The news that Blue Cross Blue Shield Insurance will exit from the ACA's Marketplace in Missouri next year is devastating and should be a wake-up call to Congress. This means that thousands of Missourians will be without health care next year if their employer doesn't provide it. What choices will they have if the largest insurance provider pulls out? Trumpcare is not the answer. Congress must come together to improve the ACA, not start again from zero with a plan that would harm so many Americans."
Republican Senator Roy Blunt said "Obamacare is collapsing and Missouri families are paying the price."
Obamacare is collapsing and Missouri families are paying the price,” Blunt said. “We now have tens of thousands of Missourians in the Kansas City area that have lost their plans and have no insurer option on the Obamacare exchanges next year. It is another devastating blow to families that are already struggling with higher costs and less access to quality health care under the law. This year, 97 out of Missouri's 114 counties and the City of St. Louis have only one insurer offering plans on the exchanges. Earlier this year, Humana announced that it is also withdrawing from the exchanges. As things stand today, that leaves 25 counties with no insurer option and 77 counties with only one insurer option next year. If any additional companies announce that they are leaving the exchanges, families in those 77 counties would also be at risk of having no insurer option next year. Missourians were repeatedly promised that, under Obamacare, they would be able to keep the plans and doctors they liked and could afford. That is not true. The status quo is unacceptable, and it is unsustainable. That is why I will continue working to advance solutions that will provide more options, better access, greater stability, and lower costs for Missouri families.
The National Republican Senatorial Committee said residents can "thank Claire McCaskill for their rising premium costs and limited healthcare options."
Claire McCaskill has got some serious explaining to do. News broke this afternoon that Blue Cross Blue Shield of Kansas City will be pulling out of the Obamacare exchanges in 2018, throwing the individual markets into further chaos and putting thousands of Missouri residents' health care at risk. This comes on top of a new report from the Department of Health and Human Services showing that under Obamacare insurance premiums in Missouri's individual market have increased by an astonishing 145% in just four years. After casting the deciding vote to pass Obamacare in 2009, Claire McCaskill has been a staunch supporter of the doomed law going as far as promising that Obamacare, "will make things better for Missouri families, if they will give it a chance." Instead of working to improve our broken health care system, McCaskiII continues to stand with Washington Democrats, who have vowed to do everything in their power to protect former President Obama's failed health care law. Missouri residents can thank Claire McCaskill for their rising premium costs and limited health care options," said NRSC Spokesman Michael McAdams. "When voters head to the election booth next year, Claire McCaskiII will be held accountable for the devastating impact Obamacare has had on hardworking Missourians.
FOX 4's Megan Dillard spoke with Sen. McCaskill on the phone from Washington. She said this "directly affects real people. People who desperately need coverage; people who are in the middle of chemotherapy treatments. People who have chronic diseases. The notion that we [the government] are not paying these insurance companies the payments they're entitled to under the existing law just to sabotage this for political reasons is really unfair."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Kansas Representative Kevin Yoder offered his thoughts:
With today's news, there will be no insurance option at all for tens of thousands of families unless a new provider enters the market. This news is a devastating blow for Kansans who won't get to keep their plans or their doctors next year. Congress must continue its rescue mission to fix our broken health care system, and provide working families the relief they need – bringing insurers back to the marketplace, lowering costs, and increasing access to care." Earlier today, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Kansas City announced it has decided to exit the Obamacare exchange next year, affecting about 37,000 Blue KC members in Wyandotte County and Johnson County. Medica is the only insurer that stands to offer Obamacare plans in 2018, but currently it caps statewide enrollment at 10,000.
Kansas Governor Sam Brownback also spoke out:
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City's exit from the ObamaCare marketplace leaves two of Kansas' three largest counties with only one vendor on the exchange. ObamaCare's death spiral is growing worse, and there is a better way. We urge Congress and the President to continue their work to repeal and replace ObamaCare and make healthcare more affordable for Kansans.
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Kansas City did not acknowledge a request for an on-camera interview, but instead provided this written statement:
Since 2014, we've expended significant resources to offer individual ACA plans to increase access to quality healthcare coverage for the Kansas City community,” said Danette Wilson, President and CEO of Blue KC. “Like many other health insurers across the country, we have been faced with challenges in this market. Through 2016, we have lost more than $100 million. This is unsustainable for our company. We have a responsibility to our members and the greater community to remain stable and secure, and the uncertain direction of this market is a barrier to our continued participation.” Blue KC has more than 1 million members, and this will affect approximately 67,000. This decision will not affect 2017 coverage. It also does not affect Blue KC members who are covered under one of its “grandfathered” or “grandmothered” plans. These plans were purchased on or prior to October 1, 2013. Additionally, members who receive coverage through their employers, as well as those who purchased a Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement, short-term or student health plan from Blue KC, are not affected. This decision is necessary at this time, but we'll continue to work with federal and state legislators to identify solutions that will stabilize the individual market and bring costs down for our members, the community and Blue KC,” said Wilson.
Just a few years after "state-napping" a homeschooled seven-year-old boy from his parents after boarding an international flight to emigrate to India – and keeping them from seeing him for three years – Swedish officials are at it again. This time they are pursuing their agenda through Sweden's Supreme Court, as they continue to violate the human rights of a Swedish-American couple by denying their application to homeschool their elementary-age daughter.
Representing homeschooling parents Ellinor and Daniel Petersen, the Home School Legal Defense Association is appealing to the Swedish Supreme Court the family's right – protected by both Swedish and international human rights laws – to decide what form of education best meets the needs of their children. According to the Petersens, Swedish officials – by prohibiting the Petersens from educating their children at home under their own value and belief systems – aren't abiding by those laws.
Since Swedish education law was revised in 2010 to only allow homeschooling under "extraordinary circumstances," Swedish authorities have consistently denied any parents approval for homeschool programs. Conveniently for the state, legislators have not indicated exactly what circumstances must be present in order for officials to grant parents and guardians permission to teach their children from home.
The current education law was enforced a year after the aforementioned "state-napping" incident that saw Dominic Johansson stripped from his family as they were about to depart to live in his mother's homeland in India. During the three years that Swedish authorities kept Dominic away from his parents under state custody, permanent guardianship of the boy – just seven years old when abducted from his parents – was transferred to the state. HSLDA, along with a Swedish human rights attorney and Alliance Defending Freedom, is representing the Johanssons in their appeal to the European Court of Human Rights.
But a few years ago in 2012, things started looking up for homeschoolers in Sweden, when an orthodox Jewish family seeking to homeschool their children won an appeals court decision. This victory was short-lived, however, as the Swedish Supreme Court overturned the Namdar family's favorable ruling just weeks afterwards in an appeal. (See related story)
"The Namdar family requested permission to homeschool, saying that their religious faith provided the 'extraordinary circumstances' required by Swedish school law," HSLDA reported. "The high court said that although the Namdar family had demonstrated that their plan met the first two requirements of the school law, their religious faith could not provide 'extraordinary circumstances' because Swedish law requires all schools to make it possible for children of all faiths to participate."
Lawless new law?
Problems in the new law are readily pointed out by critics who contend that it violates rights by forcing students to accept the teaching in both the public education system and the private education system – which is also strictly regulated by the government. When critiquing the new law, opponents frequently refer to an anti-homeschooling commentary found within the new law:
"For the current school regulations it is set forth clearly that the teaching in school shall be comprehensive and objective and thereby designed so that all students can participate, regardless of the religious or philosophical convictions of the student and the student's guardians. Against this background, it is the Government's view that today there is no need for a decision in the Education Act that allows for homeschooling on account of the religious or philosophical convictions of the family."
According to the Petersens, this law's reasoning just doesn't fly by Sweden's legal system – or most nations' throughout the world, for that matter.
"In their pro se appeal, the Petersens argue that the court's application of this narrow portion of legislative history conflicts with the larger intent and purpose of Swedish school law, as well as Sweden's international human rights obligations," HSLDA reported.
Facing stiff opposition from the state, the Petersens argued that Swedish officials need to show a better understanding of the laws they have vowed to uphold … before trying to enforce new ones that break them.
"The family applied to local authorities as required by law at the beginning of the school year, but were told they could not homeschool because there were no extraordinary circumstances." HSLDA explained. "The family has countered by insisting that Swedish courts have ignored important human rights treaties. Daniel Petersen says that Sweden has an obligation to uphold the European Convention of Human Rights, which parliament made part of Swedish law in 1995."
Petersen insists that Sweden denying his family the right to homeschool is hypocritical and above the law.
"It is commendable that Sweden strives for 'comprehensive and objective' education in school, but for the Swedish courts to use this claim as grounds for the denial of a fundamental human right is untenable and violates Sweden's obligations under the European Convention of Human Rights and other human rights norms that expressly protect the parents prior right to choose their children's education according to their own convictions," Petersen contended.
"Human rights cannot be arbitrarily taken away, neither can the state decide when to 'allow' such rights to be exercised; they are fundamental and inalienable for all human beings. If Sweden wants to live up to the title 'champion of human rights,' then it's time for the authorities to loosen their grip and let Sweden's parents take back what is rightfully ours."
Petersen's wife, Ellinor, agrees, arguing that the bi-cultural background she and her husband would like their daughter to glean from at home is simply not provided at school, therefore constituting an "extraordinary circumstance."
"My daughter is both American and Swedish … She needs to be brought up in a bilingual environment and also learn about the world with two cultural perspectives," Mrs. Peterson asserted. "This is difficult to achieve in a Swedish school. We also wish to empower our daughter to be actively engaged in directing her learning. The Swedish school law has a vision for students being able to receive individualized instruction, to reach as far as they are able – and that the students have influence over their education. We completely agree. In our case, this is best met with education outside of school."
Exodus from Swedish school "gestapo"
An exodus of homeschoolers from Sweden has swept across the borders in order to live with the freedom to educate their own. The National Association for Swedish Homeschoolers (ROHUS) president-in-exile Jonas Himmelstrand is the first to find fault with the way homeschoolers have been treated by Sweden's judicial system and legislature, particularly when it comes to the topsy-turvy courtroom proceedings of the Namdar's lawsuit. He anxiously awaits a better judgment in the Petersen's case so that the exodus throughout Europe can soon return to their home country.
"The 2010 school law was intended to effectively ban home education for any philosophical or religious reason, and that is what has happened," Himmelstrand argues. "Most homeschooling families I know have left Sweden rather than face the penalties. My family left Sweden in 2012 on recommendation of the local Child Protective Services who explicitly told me that we were not safe to continue homeschooling in Sweden. Also, we were fined over $15,000 for homeschooling our daughter the 2010-2011 school year. Fortunately the ROHUS helped us, otherwise our home might have been taken."
Regardless of how unbiased and inclusive Swedish judges and education officials may argue the public and private school curricula is, Himmelstrand says it still presses its own ideologies on kids.
"Saying that religious or philosophical convictions are not reasons enough for permission to home educate runs totally counter to a number of human rights conventions including the European Convention – a Swedish law," Himmelstrand insists. "The legislative history of the new law says that homeschooling isn't needed because schools are supposed to be objective and comprehensive – but what if people disagree with the values taught by the Swedish national curriculum? And what if they just believe that homeschooling is a better way for their children? That is the whole point of respecting parental convictions in education – so that children can be taught in accordance with the wishes of their parents, who know them best. I hope that this new case inspires the court to more carefully consider our school law."
Besides having his work cut out for him in Sweden legally assisting the Petersens in appeal to the Swedish Supreme Court, HSLDA director for global outreach Michael Donnelly has been working with families with similar problems in Germany. He believes that the Germans' neighbors to the north might have it even tougher.
Donnelly
"Sweden presents an extraordinarily difficult environment for homeschooling families – I don't know of any who still remain there," Donnelly shares. "Tragically, Swedish courts allow Swedish officials to get away with arbitrary decisions like this – mostly, I think, because homeschoolers are such a small minority with little political influence. That doesn't change the fact Swedish authorities are clearly violating fundamental human rights by denying parents the right to homeschool."
Tweet to @HSLDA
Donnelly contends that officials in Sweden must be stopped from oppressively bullying the minority of those who lawfully desire to educate their own in accordance with international (and legitimate Swedish) law.
"Swedish education authorities have an appalling vision of a society where they seem to think that any education outside of the schools is 'unnecessary,'" Donnelly concludes. "Such a mindset reveals a troubling hostility to the rights of parents and children to receive education outside of publicly approved schools."
The Pickering family from Texas is celebrating a miracle this Christmas, which so nearly did not happen. With doctors about to turn off a life support machine keeping George Pickering's son alive, a desperate and armed George intervened, determined his son would live.
This year has been an eventful one for George Pickering II and his son George Pickering III. George Jr. has made a full recovery after being in a coma. With doctors set to turn off his life support machine, his savior proved to be his own father.
Upon hearing that doctors had given up hope, a drunk and armed George Sr. marched towards the Tomball Regional Medical Center in Houston, Texas, determined to make sure his son was given more time to make a recovery, even if it meant he would spend time in jail.
George Sr. barricaded himself inside with his 27-year-old son as he managed to hold off police, before something amazing happened.
“Towards the end of the standoff, which was about three hours long, he felt his son squeeze his hand,” the family's lawyer Phoebe Smith told RT.
“At this time, the SWAT team had already opened the door to the critical care room and he had surrendered to the police, but he surrendered knowing his son had squeezed his hand,” she added.
George Jr. had fallen into a coma after suffering a stroke in January. Doctors had declared him brain dead, while George II's ex-wife and other son made the decision to turn off the life support machine.
However, there was one person who was not going to give up hope.
“The SWAT team had their own doctors and when they entered into the critical care room, they saw that my client's son was not brain dead because he was making eye contact, was following their commands and they were completely amazed at this,” Smith added.
The Pickerings' family lawyer also praised the courage and determination shown by George Sr.
“The amazing thing was that my client was right and that his son did survive. When you see him now, he is a picture of health. I don't think he would have survived but for the fact that his father slowed the process down."
After feeling signs of life from his son, George Sr. peacefully surrendered to the police. He was subsequently sentenced to 10 months' prison time. He was released in December, just in time to spend Christmas with his son.
“There was a law broken, but it was broken for all the right reasons. I'm here now because of it. It was love, it was love,” George III told KPRC.
“The important thing is I'm alive and well, my father is home and we're together again.”
Planning and Programming Committee Recommends Metro Board Take Next Steps on Rail-to-River ATC
On October 23, 2014, the Metro Board of Directors voted to adopt the Rail to River Intermediate Active Transportation Corridor (ATC) Feasibility Study and directed staff to identify funding for full implementation of the project. The Board also authorized $2,850,000 be put towards facilitating the environmental, design, alternative route analysis, and outreach work required for the project to move forward and requested the staff report back in May of 2015.
At this past Wednesday's Planning and Programming Committee meeting, the committee filed the requested report detailing recommendations that the Board take the next steps of applying for grants from the federal Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery Discretionary Grant (TIGER) program and the state Active Transportation Program (ATP). To facilitate the application process, staff also requested the Board authorize an allocation of $10.8 million in hard match funds in time to make the grant programs' June 1 and June 5 deadlines.
The report suggests the Rail-to-River project has the potential to be very competitive.
Sited along an 8.3 mile section of the Harbor Subdivision Transit Corridor right-of-way (ROW), it will eventually connect the Crenshaw/LAX rail line to multiple bus lines (including the Silver Line), the Blue Line, the river, Huntington Park, Maywood, and/or Vernon via a bike and pedestrian path anchored along Slauson Ave.
First proposed by Ridley-Thomas and Supervisor and Metro Board Member Gloria Molina in 2012, it has the potential to effect a significant transformation in a deeply blighted and long-neglected section of South L.A.
But it isn't going to come all that cheaply.
Last year's feasibility study put the total costs for the project at $34.2 million to build and $145,000 a year to maintain. The staff report submitted on Wednesday put the total project cost — now including the ROW easement acquisition (for the Phase 2 segment of the project) and the value of the Metro-owned ROW — at approximately $76.6 million.
The $9.6 million ATP grant would be applied toward the construction of Phase 1 (above) of the project: the 3.6-mile Central Segment and Western Segments of the corridor running between Long Beach Ave., on the east, and the Crenshaw/LAX Line, on the west. These segments are set to be tackled first because they presented the fewest obstacles to implementation and could most likely to be completed within four years, as Metro already owns the affected ROW.
The TIGER grant would be used to cover the costs of Phase 2 (below) of the project — running between Long Beach Ave., on the west, and the L.A. River (or, potentially, Malabar Yards), on the east — as well as any costs for the Phase 1 segments not covered by the ATP grant.
Although both phases of the project will be implemented concurrently, the Phase 2 segment is expected to pose more of a challenge, as Metro will have to negotiate with at least one railway to get them to abandon their rights to the ROW.
Similar negotiations with BNSF for an inactive section of rail along the Crenshaw Line took three years and cost $4.5 million; estimates are that the process for this project could take as long as ten years, depending on which sections are ultimately abandoned. And the costs associated with easement abandonment will not be covered by the grants.
The original feasibility study came down in favor of the Randolph St. option (a Union-Pacific owned ROW) as a way to connect commuters with the river. It was the highest ranked option, when user experience, connectivity, safety, and ease of implementation were taken into account (see p. 76), and would “legitimize an existing informal active transportation corridor, serve residents and visitors to the Los Angeles River, and provide a connection to downtown Huntington Park.”
But, as seen below, the planned application for the TIGER grant sets the limit of the project at Santa Fe Ave. — the point at which an ROW heads north into Malabar Yards (controlled by BNSF) — making it unclear which of the options the active transportation corridor will ultimately take.
While it argues that funds from both ATP and TIGER will help kick off the project, the staff report acknowledges that remaining funds for the project will need to come from a variety of sources. Metro ExpressLanes Net Toll Revenue program funds (if available in the future for local matching), Measure R2, Proposition C, and public-private partnerships are a few of the potential sources.
If the Board votes in favor of the staff recommendations at the end of May, the applications will be submitted the first week of June. Notifications of any awards will be given by the end of the year. Metro staff have already developed Statements of Work for preconstruction efforts, including technical and public outreach. Requests for proposals (using the Countywide Planning Bench) are anticipated to be released in June, 2015, the Public Outreach contract is expected to be awarded in July, 2015, and the Technical contract is expected to be awarded in September, 2015. For more information on the project itself, see our past coverage here, here, and here.
The evolution of languages shares certain characteristics with that of genes, such as the predominantly vertical line of transmission and the retention of traces of past events such as contact. Thus, studies of language phylogenies and their correlations with genetic phylogenies can enrich our understanding of human prehistory, while insights gained from genetic studies of past population contact can help shed light on the processes underlying language contact and change. As demonstrated by recent research, these evolutionary processes are more complex than simple models of gene-language coevolution predict, with linguistic boundaries only occasionally functioning as barriers to gene flow. More frequently, admixture takes place irrespective of linguistic differences, but with a detectable impact of contact-induced changes in the languages concerned.
Copyright © 2014 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Mr. Romney's foreign-policy speech reprises President Reagan's belief in American exceptionalism and global leadership. Based on those two core principles, Romney enumerates a list of specific actions. As president, he would:
1. tighten sanctions against Iran — while going no less and no farther than President Obama in obliquely referring to America's military sword;
Advertisement
Advertisement
2. increase military aid and coordination with Israel — a delicate maneuver since Israel would like a degree of military coordination that would complicate our freedom of unilateral action and our coordination with NATO and Arab states;
3. use our aid to Egypt as leverage to channel Egypt's political course;
4. consult with our generals about the pace of withdrawal from Afghanistan;
Advertisement
5. stand up to Putin's Russia, China, Venezuela, and Cuba;
6. champion free trade — unlike Mr. Obama, who signed one such trade agreement in four years;
7. insure Syria obtains the weapons “to defeat Assad's tanks, helicopters, and fighter jets.”
Advertisement
His critique of Mr. Obama's foreign policy centers on the lack of leadership — “leading from behind.” He cites the attack upon our consulate in Libya as evidence that the War on Terror most certainly did not end with the death of Osama bin Laden.
Like Mr. Obama, Mr. Romney refuses to acknowledge that the essential problem in the Middle East is a clash between civilizations. He points to the anti-American mobs rioting in two dozen countries as being “under the black banner of Islamic extremism.” But he then resorts to anodyne rhetoric, claiming that “Muslims, Christians” are standing side by side in “a struggle between liberty and tyranny.” Manifestly, the intense anti-Americanism and rejection of Western values, to include education and self-improvement, has deep roots within the Muslim religious community. The murders of American soldiers in Afghanistan and the numbers of suicide bombers taught in the madrasas in Pakistan should not be ascribed to a vague secular struggle between liberty and tyranny.
Advertisement
That misleading characterization, however, is shared by both political parties. The mainstream press, which endorses that view, will not object. The overall speech is free of bellicosity and saber-rattling. The press may be tempted to claim there is scant difference from Mr. Obama, eliding the basic theme that Mr. Romney is pointing out that the current administration has abdicated global leadership.
The glaring difference in terms of specifics is Romney's endorsement of ensuring Syrian rebels receive high-tech weapons. That is a clear break with the administration, the U.N. and NATO. It would change the balance of power inside Syria. Two decades ago, the U.S. via Pakistan armed Afghan fighters with high-tech Stinger anti-air missiles. We were able to keep account of them, and none were later used against our interests. Technically, the CIA and our Special Operations Forces could do so again. Before we got that far, though, the psychological effect of American involvement would probably cause Assad's forces to disintegrate and seek terms of surrender.
Advertisement
Whether the administration, abetted by the press, will claim that arms for Syria will involve America in another war is doubtful. That line of debate would open up, for instance, the question of why we chose to intervene in Libya, and then did not protect our own ambassador.
In summary, Mr. Romney has presented a foreign-policy view akin to that of President Reagan, asserting faith in American leadership — while equating Mr. Obama's leadership to that of the timid President Jimmy Carter.
Advertisement
— Bing West is co-author with Congressional Medal of Honor recipient Sgt. Dakota Meyer of Into the Fire: A Firsthand Account of the Most Extraordinary Battle in the Afghanistan War.
The pro-European businessman Petro Poroshenko has won a landmark presidential election in Ukraine with 56% of the vote, according to exit polls, clearing the 50% threshold to win outright without a second round. Former prime minister Yulia Tymoshenko was trailing far behind, with about 13%.
Ukrainians flocked to the polling stations on Sunday in what was seen as the most important election since independence. Millions of citizens in the restive east, however, did not vote at all, either because of separatist sympathies, feelings of intimidation by pro-Russian militias or simply a lack of polling stations.
"Today we can definitely say all of Ukraine has voted, this is a national vote," said Poroshenko from his campaign headquarters shortly after the exit polls were released. "The first steps that we will take at beginning of presidential office should be focused on stopping the war, to put an end to this chaos and bring peace to a united Ukraine." Poroshenko promised to hold parliamentary elections before the end of the year. "When there is a parliamentarian crisis, the only solution in a democracy is early elections," he said.
He also committed himself to start a dialogue with Russia and launch negotiations for a new treaty to replace the Budapest memorandum – the 1994 document in which Russia, the US and the UK promised to protect Ukrainian territorial integrity in exchange for the country giving up its nuclear arms. His first trip as president, he said, would be to the Donbass region.
Earlier in the day, voters said they felt the election was an important step toward solving the country's political crisis, and several said they wanted Poroshenko to exceed the 50% threshold to avoid a runoff vote in three weeks.
"Since Russia doesn't recognise our government, it's very important that the people say that now there is one person they support. Then the whole world will understand that their position is absurd," said Vladimir Pestenkov, an executive at an IT company.
But truck driver Alexander Pivin was one of a significant minority sceptical about Poroshenko. He voted for a controversial radical, Oleh Lyashko, the only candidate who went to the restive regions in the east, where he took part in operations against separatists.
"I don't like that they're forcing Poroshenko on us as the unity candidate," Pivin said. "At this moment, when people are dying in the east, politicians shouldn't be here [Kiev] or in the west where it's peaceful, they should be at the hotspots."
Lyashko came third, with 8% of the vote, according to exit polls. Turnout was reported to be high in most of the country.
"The turnout is a lot higher this time, which is good, although the election workers are barely able to keep up," said Olesya Maximenko, a vote observer with the civil society non-governmental organisation OPORA in Kiev, said turnout was high. "These elections cost us lives and blood so, knowing the price, the least people could do is come out and vote."
In the east, polling day revealed how much work the government in Kiev has in store to bring the region back under control. It was always expected that in separatist strongholds such as Slavyansk there would be no voting but, more surprisingly, in Donetsk, a city of close to 1m people, not a single polling station opened. Even in the morning, sources inside the pro-Kiev administration said they hoped to have a number of polling stations open by the afternoon, but that did not happen.
In Dokuchayevsk, several of the 13 polling stations had planned to open but in the end none did. At School Number Three, there were plans for a late opening at 10am after the local committee finally received ballot papers overnight but, just before voting opened, a separatist representative arrived and demanded that the station was closed.
"He asked politely, but made it clear that if we did not accede, he would come back," said one of the election officials. The separatist made off with the ballot papers, and the town's only remaining polling station closed.
The closest town to normality in the region was Mariupol, scene of violence on 9 May when pro-Ukrainian forces entered the town and clashes broke out in which unarmed people were shot. Here, most polling stations opened.
After oligarch Rinat Akhmetov, Ukraine's richest man and an important political broker, came out in the past fortnight against the separatist movement, he also ordered his factories to provide unarmed worker patrols to ensure order in the city. The separatist barricades have been removed, and workers were standing guard at polling stations. Voting proceeded smoothly but the atmosphere was tense.
"The ballots were delivered in the dead of night, and we weren't told they were coming until the last minute," said Sergei Pashkovsky, the head of the electoral committee at polling station 239, opposite the charred shell of the regional administration, set on fire during clashes this month. "It will be the same thing tonight. We don't yet know who will pick up the ballots, and where they will be taken, but we've been told it will be done under tight security. They will tell us the details at the last minute."
Across town at School Number Seven, there are usually two polling stations, but only one had opened. As a result, half of the people who came to vote were turned away as they were 'not on the list'. Roman Moroz, head of the electoral commission, said that 9 of its 12 members had pulled out over the past week, forcing him to drag his friends along to make up the numbers and ensure the polling station could open. The original members had been intimidated or received threats, he said.
In the capital Kiev, queues at polling stations stretched for an hour or more; at the few that had opened in Mariupol, the turnout at two different polling stations by 3pm was under 20%.
There is genuine anger in the east, where, in the past few weeks, many people have become more convinced by separatist ideas. There were, however, many people who wanted to vote but could not.
"Of course I would have voted if I could have," said Sergei, 29, who was walking along the riverbank in the city. "True, I'm not sure who for, as none of the candidates are very inspiring, but anyone is better than these idiots in masks playing at war. The city is sick of them. It is time to get back to normal."
However, with a proliferation of armed groups, increasing paramilitary activity, and a population that remains deeply sceptical of Kiev – even as many people tire of the separatists – regaining control will not be an easy task for the country's new president.
Poroshenko will also have to deal with an economic crisis, with the national currency, the hryvnia, continuing to fall and public debt at a huge level. The country received a bailout from the International Monetary Fund this year tied to painful social cuts and reforms. Poroshenko will also need to steer a delicate geopolitical path, moving the country towards closer ties with Europe demanded by the Euromaidan protests that swept out the government of Viktor Yanukovych in February, while improving relations with Russia, Ukraine's often belligerent neighbour.
Poroshenko has pledged to sign as soon as possible the economic part of an association agreement with the European Union, the political half of which was signed in March. The agreement will establish a free trade area and take steps toward visa-free travel, while committing Ukraine to economic and judicial reforms. He will also have to prove he can usher in a new type of politics, free of the corruption and mismanagement that dogged the Yanukovych regime.
He has said he will not seek to join Nato, a controversial idea that has split the population and worried Russian leaders. In a major sign that the Kremlin was softening its stance on Ukraine, President Vladimir Putin said on Saturday that Russia would work with the Kiev government after the presidential vote. Previously, Russia has refused to recognise the regime, arguing it came to power through an armed coup.
In a statement, US president Barack Obama said: "This election is another important step forward in the efforts of the Ukrainian government to unify the country and reach out to all of its citizens to ensure their concerns are addressed and aspirations met," he said.
German foreign minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said: "Whether Poroshenko manages to unite a divided country will depend above all on how the constitutional process will now be approached, what kind of messages will be sent to the eastern region … also to the Russian-speakers."
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) surgery, which is used to treat Parkinson's disease and other movement disorders, is now being studied for its potential to treat a variety of conditions. A new study found that hypothalamic DBS performed in the treatment of a patient with morbid obesity unexpectedly evoked a sense of déjà vu and detailed personal memories.
Led by Andres Lozano, Professor of Neurosurgery and Canada Research Chair in Neuroscience and his team at the Toronto Western Hospital in Toronto, Ontario, researchers conducted an experimental study to treat a 50-year-old man with a lifelong history of obesity in whom a variety of treatment approaches had failed. While they were identifying potential appetite suppressant sites in the hypothalamus by stimulating electrode contacts that had been implanted there, the patient suddenly experienced a feeling of "déjà vu."
He reported the perception of being in a park with friends from when he was around 20 years old and as the intensity of the stimulation was increased, the details became more vivid. These sensations were reproduced when the stimulation was performed in a double-blinded manner. The contacts that most readily induced the memories were located in the hypothalamus and estimated to be close to the fornix, an arched bundle of fibers that carries signals within the limbic system, which is involved in memory and emotions. Stimulation was shown to drive the activity the temporal lobe and the hippocampus, important components of the brain's memory circuit.
At the first office visit two months after the patient was released from the hospital, the researchers were able to induce and videotape the memory effects seen in the operating room by turning on the electrical stimulation. They also tested the patient's memory during and without stimulation and found that after three weeks of continuous hypothalamic stimulation he showed significant improvements in two learning tests. In addition, the patient was much more likely to remember unrelated paired objects when stimulation was on than when it was off. They conclude that "just as DBS can influence motor and limbic circuits, it may be possible to apply electrical stimulation to modulate memory function and, in so doing, gain a better understanding of the neural substrates of memory."
DBS of the hypothalamus has also been used to treat cluster headaches and aggressiveness in humans, and stimulating this area influences feeding behavior in animals.
Journal article: "Memory Enhancement Induced by Hypothalamic/Fornix Deep Brain Stimulation," Clement Hamani, Mary Pat McAndrews, Melanie Cohn, Michael Oh, Dominik Zumsteg, Colin M. Shapiro, Richard A. Wennberg, Andres M. Lozano, Annals of Neurology, January 2008.
Redditch United Football Club is an English football club based in Redditch, Worcestershire. The club participates in the Southern League Premier Division Central and play their home games at the Trico Stadium.
History [ edit ]
Birmingham Combination [ edit ]
Redditch Town were established in 1891 and immediately joined the Birmingham Combination, where they played for a single season. The club achieved its first success by winning the Worcestershire Senior Cup in 1894 and becoming runners-up in 1898. In 1914 they won the Birmingham Combination Championship for the first time and, finally, the Birmingham Senior Cup in 1925. The 1930s were a much more rewarding period for the club and its supporters, starting by winning the Worcestershire Senior Cup and the Birmingham Senior Cup in successive seasons. Reds almost achieved a notable double in 1932–33 when, having won the Combination, they were defeated in the Senior Cup Final.
Apart from an unsuccessful appearance in the Birmingham Senior Cup final just before the World War, Reds moved into a fallow period. In 1953 Redditch regained the Combination Championship and were runners-up in the Worcestershire Senior Cup. This Championship success was repeated in 1955. In 1957 they were runners-up in the Birmingham Senior Cup.
Southern League [ edit ]
In 1971–72 the club reached the first round of the FA Cup for the first time, losing 6–0 in the replay at Peterborough United after a 1–1 draw at home in front of a crowd of 4,500 . At the end of the season they finished sixth in the West Midlands (Regional) League Premier Division and joined Division One North of the Southern League.
They won the Worcestershire Senior Cup in 1974 and 1975. The following season they won Division One North and were promoted to the Premier Division. In 1978–79 they finished eighth in the league, and became founder members of the Alliance Premier League (now the Football Conference). However, they finished bottom in its first season, and dropped into the Southern League's Midland Division.
After finishing as runners-up in 1985–86, the club were promoted to the Premier Division, where they remained until relegation in 1989. The following season, they reached the first round of the FA Cup, losing 3–1 to Merthyr Tydfil. At the end of the season they beat Northwich Victoria 4–3 over the two-legged final of the Staffordshire Senior Cup.
In 1997–98 the Reds reached two cup finals, the Southern League Cup and the Birmingham Senior Cup. Both were lost, and the cup run caused a large fixture backlog that resulted in the club having to play nine matches in nine days at the end of the season.
In 2003–04 the club won the Southern League Western Division. Due to league reorganisation caused by the establishment of the Conference North and South, the club entered play-offs to be promoted to the new leagues. After beating King's Lynn 1–0 and Merthyr Tydfil 3–0, the club were promoted to the Conference North.
Conference North [ edit ]
After a ninth-place finish in 2004–05, Redditch struggled in 2005–06, only avoiding relegation on the final day of the season. Although they won the Worcester Senior Cup, beating local rivals Worcester City the following year, they only avoided relegation again after Scarborough received a 10-point penalty for going into administration.
On 17 March 2011, businessman Chris Swan took over the club,[1] after a previous attempt to purchase Kidderminster Harriers fell through.[2] A short time later, in May 2011, the club was relegated from the Conference North after finishing bottom of the division.[3]
Return to the Southern League [ edit ]
Redditch United returned to the Southern Premier Division for the 2011-12 season following their relegation the previous season. At the end of the 2015-16 season, the club finished second in the division under the management of Liam McDonald, but were denied promotion after losing in the play-off semi-finals to Leamington on penalty kicks.[4] In May 2016, former Aston Villa and Jamaica striker Darren Byfield was appointed as the club's new manager.[5] However in December 2017 the club turned to Tim Harris to be its new manager.[6] Harris remained at the club until the end of the 2017-18 season but departed in April 2018 to be replaced by new boss Paul Davis.[7] Paul Davis departed in September 2018 to be replaced by Paul Smith as manager.
Seasons [ edit ]
This is 5 recent Redditch United seasons for a full history look List of Redditch United F.C. seasons
Players and staff [ edit ]
Current squad [ edit ]
As of 22 February 2018
Note: Flags indicate national team as defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
No. Position Player No. Position Player
Management and coaching staff [ edit ]
Current staff [ edit ]
Position Name Manager Assistant Manager Coach Player/Coach Kit Manager Changing Room Attendant Changing Room Attendant
Honours [ edit ]
Birmingham Combination Champions 1913–14, 1932–33, 1952–53
Birmingham & District League Southern Division champions 1954–55
Southern League Division One North champions 1975–76 Western Division champions 2003–04
Birmingham Senior Cup Winners 1925, 1932, 1939, 1977, 2005,
Worcestershire Senior Cup Winners 1894, 1930, 1975, 1976, 2008, 2014
Staffordshire Senior Cup Winners 1991
Worcester Royal Infirmary Cup Winners 1999
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
An LGBTI rights march has been held in the Ukrainian capital without any major incidents amid a large police presence.
According to reports, 6,000 police officers escorted around 1,000 participants in the March of Equality on June 12.
The Swedish Ambassador to Ukraine Andreas von Beckerath, Rebecca Harms, president of the Greens at the European Parliament, and Serhiy Leshchenko, a member of the Ukrainian parliament attended the march.
More than 30 people were arrested by police prior to and during the march.
Ten marchers and five policemen were injured at the gay pride rally in 2015 when counterdemonstrators attacked the march, despite the presence of U.S. and European diplomats at the event.
At this year's march, participants passed through a metal detector and were checked for dangerous objects.
Earlier in March, an LGBTI event in Lviv was cancelled after some 200 far-right protesters surrounded the venue shouting, “Kill, kill, kill.”
Two weeks ago, Artem Skoropadskiy, a spokesman for the far-right Right Sector movement, predicted on Facebook that "on June 12 in Kyiv there will be a bloody mess."
LIVE FEED: Kyiv March Of Equality (RFE/RL's Ukrainian Service, natural sound):
Based on reporting by AFP, RFE/RL's Current Time TV and RFE/RL's Ukrainian Service
The National Rifle Associated tweeted Monday that Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT) was “spot-on” when he said that gun manufacturers should not be liable for crimes committed with their products.
Sanders said during Sunday's Democratic presidential debate that he didn't agree with rival Hillary Clinton, who said that gun manufacturers should be held accountable if a crime is committed with their weapons.
“If I understand it and correct me if I'm wrong, if you go to a gun store and you legally purchase a gun, and three days later you go out and start killing people, is the point to hold the gun shop owner or the manufacturer of that gun liable? If that is the point, I disagree,” Sanders said. “If they are selling a product and the person who buys it legally, what you are talking about is ending gun manufacturing in America. I don't agree with that.”
What role should men play in working towards an end to sexism? How much or how little should men be helping? In this video we will explore answers to those questions and share a few suggestions for how men can respectfully approach feminism. We also explain why ending sexism can be beneficial for men too!
Read the full article…
What role should men play in working towards an end to sexism? How much or how little should men be helping? In this video we will explore answers to those questions and share a few suggestions for how men can respectfully approach feminism. We also explain why ending sexism can be beneficial for men too!
This is the 2nd Feminist Frequency video hosted by Jonathan McIntosh which addresses men and sexism. The 1st video highlights the “25 Invisible Benefits of Gaming While Male”.
This video was created as a bonus stretch goal promised to the backers of our Tropes vs Women in Video Games kickstarter.
Book Recommendations
Links & Resources
TRANSCRIPT
For many men, it can be hard to know exactly what role we can or should play in working towards an end to sexism.
How can men help; and how much or how little should we be helping? In this video we will explore answers to those questions and share a few suggestions for how men can respectfully approach feminism and – critically – explain why it's beneficial for men to be involved.
First things first, because there's so much misinformation about feminism floating around out there in the cultural aether, it's useful to quickly define what that term actually means. Feminism is a sociopolitical movement with the central goal of ending sexism and dismantling gender-based oppression. So contrary to common misconceptions, feminism is not about “man hating” or “female supremacy.” It's important to note that the feminist endeavor, as it has been defined by women like bell hooks, does not simply seek equal access for women within current systems of power, instead it seeks to transform these systems of power and the values associated with them.
So where do men fit into all this? Well, women have long been pointing out the ways in which men can benefit from feminism and actively calling for men's participation in working towards ending sexism.
As bell hooks write in her landmark book Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center, “Like women, men have been socialized to passively accept sexist ideology. While they need not blame themselves for accepting sexism, they must assume responsibility for eliminating it. [. . .] Men are not exploited or oppressed by sexism, but there are ways in which they suffer as a result of it.” That bears repeating: “Men are NOT exploited or oppressed by sexism, but there are ways in which WE suffer as a result of it.”
We are taught early on that “boys don't cry,” that to show sensitivity or emotional vulnerability is a sign of weakness. Men are discouraged from practicing nurturing, caregiving, compassion and compromise for the same reason. So there is an enormous amount of pressure placed on men to “prove our manhood” by acting tough, projecting strength and repressing our emotions so as to appear in control at all times. This is compounded by the fact that men are often more admired for being aggressive, dominant and violent than for being cooperative, vulnerable or empathetic. Not only is all of this damaging behavior encouraged in individual men, but those same values are also reflected in our larger political and military institutions, often to disastrous effect.
So while men, as a group, are afforded gender-based privileges at the expense of women, a byproduct of patriarchy is that it also causes real harm to men's well being.
OK so if we're on board with ending sexism: what specifically can we do as men to be helpful? Here's our quick list of 5 tips for respectfully engaging with feminism as a man.
1. Listen to women: It might seem obvious, but too often men have a hard time just listening to what women have to say – and respecting women's knowledge and experiences. Because of the way we're socialized to think our voices are most important, men have a tendency to interrupt and interject ourselves into conversations and then dominate those interactions. This behavior is so ingrained that men often don't even realize we are doing it. Which is why it's critical to consciously learn to take a step back – to try not to interrupt and instead actively listen and absorb what is being said before responding. Now, of course, this does not then mean that you have to agree with everything every individual woman says – no one person's perspective can ever represent all feminism or the experiences of all women – it simply means that, as men, we're not in a position to define feminism for women, and so, we should actively pay attention to women's voices. Because for so long women's experiences, perspectives and ideas – have been dismissed, ignored and silenced.
It's especially vital to listen to women of color, particularly black and indigenous women, because as feminist scholars have long pointed out, sexism is compounded when it's combined with racism and/or other forms of oppression – back in 1989, Kimberlé Crenshaw coined the term “intersectionality” as part of her theory to describe these layered experiences that leave some women more disenfranchised by than others.
2. Educate yourself: It's important for us, as men, to acknowledge that when we talk about feminism, we follow the lead of women. Yet while we should acknowledge that our ideas in this arena originate with women, this does not mean it is the responsibility of women to teach all men about sexism. So we shouldn't go around interrogating or demanding answers from women. As men, we should instead be proactive in doing the work ourselves by committing to continuous, lifelong learning. Luckily for us, over the past century feminist scholars have written volumes on the topic. So with that in mind here are some suggested readings about feminism and how patriarchy operates as a social system:
Feminism is for Everybody by bell hooks is a good place to start, though definitely put The Will to Change: Men, Masculinity and Love at the top of your list. Sociologist Allan G Johnson's book The Gender Knot: Unraveling Our Patriarchal Legacy is also essential reading. As well as This Bridge Called My Back edited by Cherríe Moraga and Gloria E. Anzaldúa. For those interesting reading something written in more academic language check out: Masculinities by R.W. Connell and her follow up The Men and the Boys.
3. Challenge other men on sexism: The place where men can be most helpful in regards to feminism is first within ourselves, and then amongst other men. Patriarchy encourages men to buy into sexist thinking and at the very least remain complacent in sexism through our silence. So instead step off the path of the least resistance and dare to make yourself and other men uncomfortable about sexism. Let other men around you know that their sexist behavior is not ok. For example, when you stand up and say that a sexist joke is not funny the men telling the sexist joke can no longer be assured that they will go unchallenged the next time they tell it. In other words, those men can no longer count on other men to accept or go along with their sexism. Interrupting the sexist status quo is a simple yet powerful thing that all men can make a difference.
4. Don't get defensive: If you make a comment and a woman dismisses or disagrees with you, don't take it personally. She doesn't owe you anything and her disagreement does not necessarily mean that she herself is angry or frustrated with you as an individual. That being said, it is completely understandable for women to express anger about sexism. Sexism should make everyone angry. After all, most women have firsthand experience with violence, harassment or mistreatment at the hands of men. Sometimes even from men who claim to be allies. So don't get defensive if individual women don't want to engage with you, and remember that it's definitely not our job to police the ways women may choose to speak up about sexism or their experiences. Men's support of feminism should not be seen as some kind of favor to women. As we have discussed, dismantling the system of sexism benefits people of all genders, and moreover, men shouldn't expect a reward for deciding not to participate in a terrible system of oppression. Or as many feminist women have said before – you don't get a cookie for being a decent human being.
5. Learn from your mistakes: It's really hard to break years of socialization overnight, so messing up is inevitable. I've certainly made my fair share of mistakes, the key is what you do next. We always have a choice as to how we respond to our mistakes: be humble, examine your own actions, acknowledge failings and continue to learn how to be better and more supportive. Sexism is not necessarily something that's done consciously and overtly, it's something we are socialized to think is normal, and as such it is something we often perpetuate and participate in without meaning to. This is why challenging ourselves and reflecting on our own actions is a vital step in the process but remember to be compassionate and patient with yourself and keep working at it!
That was by no means an exhaustive list of advice, but it should give you a place to start.
Now if you're feeling a little uneasy at this point that might actually be a good sign. As men, the process of honestly reexamining our own assumptions and questioning our participation in a system that maintains sexism, may often feel uncomfortable. But remember that even though we as individuals didn't create that system of patriarchy, it does manifest itself in almost every aspect of our lives. Which means we do have a responsibility to challenge it. We must always recall our own potential for positive impact in the world. And be involved in this work not out of personal guilt or shame, but because, as we have discussed in this video, the desired outcome is ending gender oppression and in so doing make the world better for people of all genders including men.
Poverty and income inequality increased in Canada during the Harper era — but whether or not the policies of the previous Conservative government are to blame remains an open question.
Between 2006 and 2015, when Prime Minister Stephen Harper was in power, after-tax earnings among Canadians grew from a median of $62,700 to $69,100 — an increase of 10.2 per cent, according to Statistics Canada data released on Friday.
“But the gains were very unfairly distributed,” wrote economist Andrew Jackson in a blog post asserting that inequality "surged under Harper."
Prime Minister Stephen Harper presided over a period in which income inequality intensified in Canada, according to an analysis from economist Andrew Jackson.
Crunching StatsCan's numbers, Jackson — a former economist at the Canadian Labour Congress and now a senior policy advisor at the Broadbent Institute — determined that the top 20 per cent of earners is the only people whose share of total income rose in the nine years Harper was in power.
“The share of the all income groups in the bottom 80 per cent fell under Harper,” he concluded.
Statistics Canada's data on income shows a clear trend: The higher your income bracket, the larger the increase in your income between 2006 and 2015:
The top 20 per cent of Canadian earners took home 44.7 per cent of all income in 2015, up from 43.9 per cent in 2006, Jackson's analysis found.
The data also shows that there was a small increase in the share of Canadians who live below the low-income line. Some 14.2 per cent of Canadians were below the cutoff in 2015, up from 13.4 per cent when Harper came to power in 2006.
But were the Harper government's policies to blame for this rise in inequality?
Jackson wouldn't speculate on the causes when asked by HuffPost, but we can find some clue by comparing pre-tax incomes to after-tax incomes.
What StatsCan's data shows is that market incomes (that is, the paycheques given out in the labour market) rose in a similar pattern to earnings after taxes — the rich saw larger pay hikes than low-income earners.
Growing income inequality has been seen across many developed countries in recent years.
This suggests that employers, rather than government policy, were behind the increase in income inequality — but government policy did little to mitigate the situation.
The income gap has been growing in recent decades in many developed countries.
Economists have blamed the phenomenon on — among other things — offshoring of jobs to low-wage countries; automation of many lower-skilled jobs; and rising pay among executives.
Also on HuffPost
In a seedy Paris neighborhood famous for the Moulin Rouge, strip clubs, and British pubs, you might not expect to find a pair of flamboyant multimillion-dollar jewel thieves in a nondescript hotel. But, as any fan of the Pink Panther films knows—and as police around the world are learning—jewel thieves are full of surprises.
The two men arrested in Pigalle Monday could certainly have afforded better digs if, as police suspect, they are big fish in an international burglary ring that has taken its moniker from the films: The Pink Panthers. Less than a week earlier, the two allegedly walked out of L'Emeraude bijouterie in Lausanne, Switzerland, with $2 million in luxury watches.
Police believe the four busty ladies, who entered Harry Winston's in Paris drew out a Magnum and a grenade and made off with an astounding $100 million in jewelry, were Panthers in drag.
One of them, Zoran Kostic, is thought to be among "the godfathers of the Pinks,” according to French police. He and his Croatian collaborator, Nicolai Ivanovic, are the subject of numerous international arrest warrants, including one for a large jewelry store robbery in Monaco in 2007.
Overall, the Pink Panthers gang, 200-or-so-strong and made up largely of former military men from the Balkans, is believed to have staged more than 120 heists in at least 30 countries over the past decade. The estimated total haul: around $200 million, which is the kind of money that usually merits a room at the Ritz or the George V.
Scotland Yard dubbed the gang “the Pink Panthers” after discovering a stolen blue-diamond ring worth about $750,000 in a jar of skin cream in the possession of one of the thieves, echoing a scene in a Blake Edwards film. The Panthers don't merely echo films, like The Thomas Crown Affair, they improve on them. As a French investigator explained it to Agence-France Press, the Panthers' modus operandi is "ballsy, and meticulously prepared.”
Their signature is the audacious, tightly choreographed lightning-strike robbery. In 2005, Panthers in St. Tropez on the Côte d'Azur dressed in loud tourist T-shirts, hit a store near the waterfront, then strolled through the tourist-thronged streets—impassable to cars—to a waiting speedboat. In other well-planned getaways, they've used bicycles and even skis.
Their £23 million “Crime of the Century” in London in 2003 fascinated the U.K., in part because the criminals walked by countless surveillance cameras after grabbing the loot without bothering to cover their faces. (A few were detained in that case, including the man with the diamond ring in a jar of cream. Others got away.) In another U.K. heist, in 2007, they drove up in a chauffered Bentley Continental Flying Spur and pretended to be wealthy enough for the prestigious diamond seller Graff to treat them like valued customers—until one thief whipped out a Magnum.
In Tokyo, they appeared to be average businessmen bicycling to work in hygienic facemasks—until they tear-gassed jewelry staff and walked out with a million-dollar bootie.
The most ostentatious robbery might have involved the four busty ladies who entered Harry Winston's in Paris, drew out a Magnum and a grenade, and made off with an astounding $100 million jewel cache in December 2008. The police believe the perps were Panthers in drag.
But perhaps the most vivid heist came in Dubai in 2007, inside a huge shopping mall made largely of marble. Two men drove impeccable high-cylinder Audis into the façade of the Emirates' most expensive jewelry shop and made off with $13 million in baubles. (Surveillance video of that robbery, not surprisingly, is an online favorite).
In March, Interpol brought its national investigators from 16 countries together in Monaco for a third meeting about the “Pinks,” who are believed to take orders from a few dozen men in Belgrade and Zagreb. (Lausanne, the latest victim, is expected to join the next meeting.) The gang's resourcefulness, creativity, and mobility—their sense that the world “is their hunting ground,” as a French investigator recently described it—has made it difficult for police in any one country to slow the Panthers, although there have been arrests in both Asia and Europe.
Some of those happened thanks to dumb luck. In Monaco, a car ran over the foot of a Serbian pedestrian who was recognized at the hospital from an Interpol “Wanted” listing in connection with the Dubai heist. A tip from Swiss authorities allowed French police to find Kostic and Ivanovic in their obscure Parisian hotel.
In April, the French television show Sept à Huit traveled to Podgorica, Montenegro, one of several Balkan cities where Panthers are believed to have invested heavily in real estate (using cash, of course). Among other suspected Panthers, it is home to a man who served hard time after British police found that ring hidden in skin cream. The man, who has since become the owner of a supermarket in Podgorica—with honest money, he insists—took umbrage at the suggestion that the Panthers' brilliantly scripted crimes were inspired by Hollywood. "All of this because they found something in a jar. Yeah, right,” he said, dismayed.
Wearing a bright pink shirt in a city where residents prefer to duck questions about Panthers, whether retired or active, he sought to clarify: “They said that I copied a film. But there is no film; there is nothing. I just did it [the crime] like that, but everyone talks about the Pink Panthers!"
The talk isn't likely to end any time soon.
Eric Pape has reported on Europe and the Mediterranean region for Newsweek magazine since 2003. He is co-author of the graphic novel, Shake Girl, which was inspired by one of his articles. He is based in Paris.
Gunshot residue was on the hand, waistband and shirt of an 18-year-old man killed by a St. Louis police officer, authorities said Tuesday.
Police union leaders said the lab test by the Missouri State Highway Patrol dispels claims that Vonderrit Myers didn't shoot at the officer on Oct. 8, initiating a fatal exchange of gunfire. The shooting led to a new wave of protests in St. Louis, two months after a white officer in neighboring Ferguson shot and killed an unarmed black 18-year-old, Michael Brown.
St. Louis Police Officers' Association business manager Jeff Roorda cited other evidence against Myers during a news conference: Social media photos that Roorda said show Myers holding three guns, one of them a 9 mm Smith & Wesson. Roorda said it is likely the stolen gun Myers used to shoot at the officer. He did not provide copies of the photos.
Myers' family contends that he was unarmed and that the officer, who was in uniform but who was off-duty and working for a security company at the time, mistook a sandwich Myers was holding for a gun.
Myers' father, Vonderrit Myers Sr., declined to comment Tuesday. Gerryl Christmas, an attorney for the family, said they want complete investigation, not one conducted in bits and pieces.
"When somebody's son is dead, don't they deserve a full and thorough investigation?" he said.
The shooting set off a new round of intense protests similar to those in Ferguson after Brown's death. Both Brown and Myers were black. Both officers are white. A state grand jury is deciding whether charges will be filed against the Ferguson officer, Darren Wilson. The St. Louis officer has not been named and is on administrative leave while the shooting is investigated.
The officer was working a moonlighting job as a security officer hired to patrol a neighborhood near the Missouri Botanical Garden in south St. Louis. Though not on duty, he was wearing his police uniform and armed with his department-issued gun, which is common practice in St. Louis.
Police Chief Sam Dotson said the officer became suspicious when Myers and the men with him started to run.
A chase ensued and the officer and Myers got into a physical confrontation. After Myers pulled away, Dotson said, he went up a hill and started shooting at the officer.
Ballistic evidence shows Myers fired three shots before his gun jammed, Dotson said. Police said they recovered the gun, which was reported stolen on Sept. 26.
Roorda said the gun in the photo was an exact match for the gun found on Myers after his death.
"This is a distinct-looking gun, not one seen on the streets very often," he said.
Roorda called political leaders who blamed the police for Myers' death "irresponsible and despicable."
"The allegation that the young man had nothing but a sandwich was a silly allegation proven quickly to be untrue," he said.
The officer fired off 17 rounds. Preliminary autopsy results show Myers was struck six or seven times and died from a wound to the head, according to medical examiner Dr. Michael Graham.
Online court documents show that Myers was free on bond when he was killed. He had been charged with the unlawful use of a weapon, a felony, and misdemeanor resisting arrest in June.
The officer's attorney, Brian Millikan, said the shooting was "a traumatic event in his life." He said the officer is undergoing counseling.
Several protests have taken place in the area of the shooting, some that have turned violent, with several police cars damaged. Officers arrested 17 protesters and used pepper spray Sunday after 200 people gathered not far from where Myers was killed. The protesters, some wearing masks, marched toward a QuikTrip convenience store and tried to force open its doors, according to police.
Pronto is offering free rides this Friday, hoping to get more people to use the bike-sharing program after the city took it over last month.
Pronto is offering free rides on Friday, as it tries to boost lagging membership and ridership.
The city of Seattle acquired the bike-rental program in April, and has been working with its contractor Motivate to market the program since then.
Earlier this month, the program held Pronto Week, and offered reduced prices on annual memberships.
That membership drive saw some success: 124 people signed up for annual passes. So far, a total of 173 people have bought annual Pronto memberships this month, bringing active membership up to 1,935 people, according to figures provided by the Seattle Department of Transportation.
The program has struggled to keep members. During its first year of operation, more than 3,300 people had signed up for Pronto, according to city records. But by the time the city took over, membership had fallen dramatically as the city council debated whether Seattle should acquire the financially-troubled program of 54 stations and about 500 bikes.
Ridership has also dipped. During the weeklong Pronto Week event this month, riders took an average of 373 rides each day, which amounts to fewer than one trip per bike. During the previous Pronto Week, held in April 2015, riders took an average of 499 trips a day.
The free ride day comes at an important time for Pronto, as Seattleites reacquaint themselves with sunshine and warm days.
Ridership peaked last summer, and about 47 percent of the year's rides came in the four months from May through August.
Pronto's promotion coincides with Cascade Bicycle Club's Bike Everywhere Day, which takes place, fittingly, during Bike Everywhere Month.
Those interested in taking Pronto for a free spin can sign up on the organization's website. Riders must provide a credit or debit card, as with any short-term rental, and will be charged for trips longer than 30 minutes.
The free-ride pass will last for 24 hours and people can take as many rides as they would like, so long as bikes are checked out for less than half an hour at a time.
A CIA veteran and an Israeli security expert discuss the growing presence of al-Qaeda affiliates in Sinai and Syria.
On April 29, 2014, Ehud Yaari and Michael Morell addressed a Policy Forum at The Washington Institute. Yaari is a Middle East correspondent for Israel's Channel Two television and a Lafer International Fellow with the Institute. Morell, who retired from the CIA last year after serving as deputy director of central intelligence, is the senior security correspondent for CBS.
EHUD YAARI
Until recently, Israel's Syrian and Egyptian fronts had been largely quiet since the end of the 1973 Yom Kippur War. Because of the Arab Spring uprisings, however, al-Qaeda-affiliated militias have now emerged on both fronts, in addition to their presence in Lebanon and nascent involvement with Palestinian factions. Never before has Israel faced a situation in which its border towns were in such easy range of al-Qaeda militias. Israel has always been at the core of the organization's ideology, but not an immediate target or main focus of al-Qaeda attacks.
The question of how to handle these emerging threats has spurred a fierce but quiet debate within the Israeli defense establishment and at the highest political levels. So far, Israel has decided to go with defensive preparations. Two new territorial military divisions have been created on the Sinai and Syrian fronts; fences have been constructed along the Egyptian front; troop deployments have been increased; and new intelligence equipment and resources have been allocated for Sinai and the Golan Heights.
In Syria, Israelis may prefer the devil they do not know (the rebels) to the devil they do know (Bashar al-Assad), but they may end up with both. The portion of the country lying south of Damascus is strategic and may be the key to the war's outcome. The Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS), a major jihadist group, has not yet penetrated the south, but the officially recognized Syrian branch of al-Qaeda, Jabhat al-Nusra, is already on Israel's front line. There, JN is mainly a local organization with local characteristics. Unlike in other areas of Syria, many southern militias are headed by young leaders who accept the political authority of their elders. Israel, Jordan, and these local militias have a shared interest in preventing a full jihadist takeover or allowing the Syrian army to recapture this territory.
Against this backdrop, over 800 wounded and sick Syrians have been treated in Israel during the war, including Col. Abdullah al-Bashir, the new commander of the Free Syrian Army. One would not be incorrect in assuming that Israel has a system of coordination and cooperation with at least some rebel militias. Israel is extending significant amounts of humanitarian aid and perhaps other types of aid, but there is a quiet debate on how far to go to ensure that local rebel militias control areas close to the border. Recently, for example, a leader of a local JN group declared that his fighters were now in range of the "Zionist crusader."
In Sinai, two organizations pose the most significant threat: Ansar Beit al-Maqdis (ABM) and Majlis Shura al-Mujahedin Fi Aknaf Bayt al-Maqdis. Both have ties to the southern Gaza Strip but are also stretching into mainland Egypt. Altogether, these groups include about three to four thousand Bedouin and foreign fighters. This is due to a transformation in Bedouin society in which younger men are abandoning their tribal traditions for a fundamentalist, Salafi jihadist version of Islam. Yet so far al-Qaeda has no official affiliation with ABM.
Meanwhile, Egyptian-Israeli military cooperation is at a level never seen before. Ten Egyptian battalions are now operating in central and eastern Sinai via the Agreed Activities Mechanism (AAM), through which Israel gives its consent for temporary Egyptian deployments in forbidden areas. In fact, Israel wants to see even more Egyptian personnel deployed, with such forces likely becoming a permanent feature in Sinai. In this manner, a de facto revision of the Military Annex to the 1979 peace treaty has been effected.
Currently, Egypt claims to have full control over Sinai, but it does not control the main militant safe havens in Jabal Halal and Wadi Amr. Until it does, militant groups will continue to pose a threat. They are already equipped with antitank and antiaircraft missiles, allowing them to easily threaten shipping in the Gulf of Aqaba and the Suez Canal, as well as commercial airline traffic and Israeli border towns. These groups also have a tacit understanding with Hamas that they can carry out any operations they wish in Sinai but not in Gaza.
MICHAEL MORELL
The United States is still at war with al-Qaeda, and each side has registered a significant victory thus far. America's great victory in this war has been the degradation, decimation, and near defeat of al-Qaeda core in Pakistan. Al-Qaeda's great victory has been the spread of its ideology across a vast area -- in northern Nigeria, north into the Sahel, across all of North Africa, in Somalia and Kenya in East Africa, and in Yemen, Iraq, and Syria. There are probably more al-Qaeda fighters today in Syria than in the rest of the world combined.
The spread of this ideology started before the Arab Spring, but the regional turmoil that unfolded after 2011 gave it a huge boost. The uprisings were a boon to al-Qaeda because they undercut each affected state's willingness or ability to deal with extremism inside its borders. Egypt is the best example of a country that had the capability to deal with extremism but lost the political will under President Muhammad Morsi. The security services, intelligence services, and military were all willing to deal with the al-Qaeda threat but did not believe they had the political coverage to do so. Now Egypt is finding it very difficult to root out al-Qaeda in Sinai and the mainland. In contrast, the Libyan government is more than willing to work against extremism but has zero capability because it lost its military, security, and intelligence services. Tripoli must now must rebuild its capability from scratch.
Currently, the threat to the U.S. homeland and Western Europe is less than it was on 9/11. Only two organizations have the capability to launch major attacks against the United States: al-Qaeda in Pakistan and the Yemen-based group al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). Neither of them is capable of multiple simultaneous attacks that kill thousands, but both can conduct individual attacks in the United States that could kill hundreds. Of the two, AQAP is of more concern. The past three attempted attacks against the homeland -- the 2009 Christmas Day bomb plot, the 2010 printer cartridge bomb plot, and the 2012 plan to use a nonmetallic suicide device to bring down an airplane -- all originated from AQAP.
At the same time, the al-Qaeda threat has skyrocketed in areas where the group now finds safe haven. Incidents like the Benghazi attack, the Nairobi mall attack, and the storming of the In Amenas gas plant in Algeria are likely to continue in the months and years ahead. Some of these local attacks will be against Israeli interests, and al-Qaeda could eventually regain the ability to conduct 9/11-style attacks in the United States and Western Europe.
Currently, Syria is the number-one international terrorism concern. Finding a solution to the Syria crisis is one of Washington's most difficult policy challenges, especially since the war may well result in a failed state. If that happens, local powerbrokers will be running different parts of the country, and al-Qaeda will have a safe haven in Syria. Al-Qaeda elements in Syria and Pakistan are already planning on how to attack the U.S. homeland, Western Europe, and Israel via this new haven. The organization has long been interested in establishing a presence in the Levant but has had a difficult time doing so until now. A strong presence in Syria means that for the first time, Israel will need to think about al-Qaeda as a significant threat to its territory.
Post-2014 Afghanistan is another area of concern. If al-Qaeda is not defeated in Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA), it will move back across the border into Afghanistan and find safe haven with the Taliban. In that scenario, the group would once again pose a 9/11-type threat.
Winning the war against al-Qaeda requires intelligence coverage for all of its affiliates throughout the globe. In addition to building the capabilities of governments that are willing to fight, the United States should give a more intensive diplomatic push to governments that already have these capabilities. Washington should also support countries that want to intervene against al-Qaeda, just as France intervened in Mali. Finally, the United States needs to be willing to use its own capabilities when there is no one else.
This summary was prepared by Jonathan Prohov.
To celebrate their 12 year anniversary, Jetbeam has released the Jetbeam Jet ST, one of their most innovative lights to date. Powered by a single 18650 and equipped with a CREE XP-L HI LED, this light is capable of reaching up to 800 Lumens. The light also features 3 dimmer outputs ranging from 260 Lumens down to just 3 Lumens to cover a wide range of lighting needs, as well as a tactical Strobe Function that can be used as a signal or to disorient a target. Thanks to its efficient power management circuit, the Jet ST is able to run on its highest brightness for nearly 5 hours and can last for an astonishing 200 hours on its lowest output, allowing for plenty of usage needing to recharge its battery.
Features
Body crafted from durable aero-grade titanium alloy with stylish one-of-a-kind coloring and design
Coated mineral glass lens and orange peel reflector help provide optimal beam spread, throw
Efficient power management circuit allows for maximum runtime of up to 200 hours
Special Strobe Function can be used as a signal, to disorient a target
Single side switch used to turn light ON/OFF, access all 5 outputs
Titanium pocket clip securely fastens to clothing, bags, etc.
Includes specialized micro-USB rechargeable 18650 battery (5 Hour Charge Time)
Reverse polarity protection prevents damage caused by improperly inserted batteries
Included Accessories:
1 x 18650 3400 mAh 3.7V Micro-USB Rechargeable Lithium-ion Battery
1 x Silk Bag
Specifications
LED: CREE XP-L HI LED
Power Source: 1 x 18650 (Included)
IPX Rating: IPX-6 (Protected against powerful jets of water)
Impact Resistance: 1 meter
Brightness Outputs: High - 800 Lumens - 4 Hours 54 Min. Medium - 260 Lumens - 13 Hours Low - 38 Lumens - 45 Hours Ultralow - 3 Lumens - 200 Hours
Peak Beam Distance: 211 meters (692 ft)
Peak Beam Intensity: 11200 cd
Dimensions: Length - 4.2" (106.6 mm) Head Diameter - 1.04" (26.5 mm) Body Diameter - 0.91" (23.2 mm)
Weight: 3.08 oz. (87.3 g) (Excluding Battery)
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Adele continues to be an amazing mum – letting her young son dress as Anna from Frozen on a trip to Disneyland.
The Oscar-winning singer stepped out of the limelight in 2012 after giving birth to son Angelo, only resurfacing last year as she released album 25.
Though the singer keeps her son out the spotlight, she has been very vocal about her inclusive approach to parenting, explaining: “I can't wait to know who his best friends are going to be, who his girlfriend or his boyfriend is going to be… whatever my kid wants to do or be I will always support him no matter what”.
She appeared to put that into action on a trip to Disneyland this month – as social media users spotted Adele and partner Simon Konecki wandering the park with Angelo in a pushchair.
The family had let Angelo dress as Frozen's Princess Anna for the trip.
PinkNews has opted not to reproduce the pictures, as we believe it is unethical to use photos of young children taken without parental consent.
However, he appears to be wearing Disney's official ‘Anna Deluxe Coronation Costume' – from the Frozen dress-up range.
Adele isn't the only celebrity to let their kid dress how they want: Will Smith has embraced his son Jaden Smith‘s choice to wear dresses and “feminine” clothing.
Adele explained previously: “He makes me so proud of myself, and he makes me like myself so much.
“I've always liked myself. I've never not liked myself. I don't have hangups like that.
“But I'm so proud of myself that I made him in my belly. Cooked him in my belly and then he came out of me! This human who's suddenly walking around and doing his own thing.
“I can't wait to know who his best friends are going to be, who his girlfriend or his boyfriend is going to be or what movies he likes.
“Whatever my kid wants to do or be I will always support him no matter what”.
(Transcript from World News Australia Radio)
The Office of the Australian Information Commissioner has just completed a survey of Australians' attitudes to privacy.
That survey exposed the sometimes contradictory attitude Australians have to privacy in the digital era.
(Click on audio tab above to listen to item)
Australia's information commissioner, John McMillan, says only nine per cent of people trust social media websites to protect their information and almost 50 per cent say it's their biggest point of concern and yet despite those fears, nearly everyone uses them.
Commissioner McMillan says the security of information people provide to online services is among the major concerns they have relating to privacy.
"Emails, websites, smart phones and the like. Close to 50 per cent of people nominated protection of privacy and online services as their major concern and there was associated findings. For example, more than 60 per cent of people said that they'd chosen not to deal with an organisation because of concern about its ability to protect information online and 74 per cent of people said that they were more concerned about providing information online than they were five years ago."
But Commissioner McMillan says the survey also found that many individuals themselves are putting their privacy at risk through their own ignorance.
"Close to 80 per cent of people said that they thought it was a breach of their privacy for an Australian institution to transfer personal information to another country. Now of course that's common place now. A lot of organisations store their personal information in the cloud, which may be located overseas. Many of the social media websites that people use, many of the games stations that people use are foreign sites and personal information can be transferred to those as well so that's an interesting contradiction in what people are doing and what they think is happening."
Dr Suelette Dreyfus is a research fellow in the Department of Computing and Information Systems at the University of Melbourne.
She says the digital era has seen a major shift of power in favour of corporations and governments who have possession of an individual's personal information.
"I think one of the big problems that technology has introduced is that it's allowed governments and corporations to invade the individual's privacy much more comprehensively. On the other hand it's allowed them (the governments and corporations) to hide the information about what they're doing from individual citizens much more effectively. That's not a good combination."
Australia's Information Commissioner, John McMillan, says close to 90 per cent of people expect to be notified if there's been a breach of security surrounding their personal information.
Commissioner McMillan says legislation was before the federal parliament earlier this year, which would make notification mandatory if there'd been a data breach, but that legislation lapsed with the dissolution of the parliament ahead of the election.
But he says there will be some tightening of the regulations relating to that issue in 2014.
"Close to a hundred per cent of people said that they expect organisations to tell them what information they're collecting and how it's being used. There are new principles in the Privacy Act commencing next year that directly address that."
Dr Suelette Dreyfus, from the University of Melbourne, says breaches of privacy can come from many angles.
She says security services are continually wanting to gather more information on individuals and store it for longer, even forever.
"Most people I think believe that the places they visit when they're surfing the web is their private information and unless they're actually the target of a real criminal investigation with evidence that would satisfy a judge that they are actually engaging in criminal behaviour, that information should neither be taken by a government, stored by a government or analysed by a government down the track when they've done nothing wrong."
Dr Dreyfus says governments and security services should have to present a compelling case for the gathering and holding of information while organisations and corporations should have to show they've gained the expressed permission of individuals to use their personal details.
"I would argue that the default position in law should be that you own your own information about your name, your age and your birth date and where you live and how many children you have and that people shouldn't be able to just on sell that without your explicit permission."
The Australian Law Reform Commission is undertaking a period of public consultation as part of a review of Australia's privacy laws.
Commissioner for the inquiry Barbara McDonald says any reforms will have to balance the right of individuals to privacy with the right of the public to know about important issues in the community.
"Our terms of reference require us to balance freedom of speech and public interest and the terms of reference specifically require us to look at how that should be balanced with protection of privacy so that's the protection of freedom of speech, which of course involves freedom of the press, public interest and freedom of the press, freedom of the media to investigate matters of public interest of course is very important."
The Commission will prepare a report for the parliament that will include recommendations on how Australia's privacy laws should be reformed.
Commissioner McDonald says the accelerated pace of technological change in the digital era will make it difficult to write any possible ammendments that will not be obsolete as soon as they're passed.
"It's been very interesting getting, or just attempting to get on top a lot of the technology and what it can do and learning about the new things that technology can do. I think we're all finding that. We're all reading more and more about what this app will do or what computer programs the US security or English security or ASIO can use. The use of drones by people to carry out surveillance for example, just in Australia. The use of the way in which social media sites can be used. The way in which they can be, both tracking of fiscal movements and tracking of internet movements, all of that."
The University of Melbourne's Suelette Dreyfus says a crackdown by governments around the world against so-called whistleblowers is another threat against individual privacy.
Dr Dreyfus says by targeting whistleblowers, governments hide actions that include the gathering of personal information.
She says Germany, which has a long history of government spying on its citizens, recently changed its data retention laws to reduce the amount of data authorities can retain.
Dr Dreyfus says Australia should use the current review to define its attitude to privacy.
"This law reform review creates a wonderful opportunity for Australia to rethink, are we still in the era of the war on drugs and the war on terror or are we in the era of technology and privacy and the individual citizen."
The 2016 Generation adidas Cup kicks off in Frisco Texas on Friday, March 18, pitting the best young players from MLS academies against each other and against international competition.
MLSsoccer.com will carry select streams on every matchday. But before the action gets underway, here's a cheat sheet to help get you ready with five of the top talents on display:
Paxton Pomykal - FC Dallas
The host club of the GA Cup has become a powerhouse at the youth level in Major League Soccer. The academy that current head coach Oscar Pareja so proudly built up, is now directed by Luchi Gonzalez and continues to churn out talent like the son of former first-team star and MLS MVP David Ferreira. Paxton Pomykal stands out alongside Ferreira and not just because of his unique name.
"Pax," as he is known by his teammates, is an-Emerson Hyndman carbon copy in the midfield -- a box-to-box central midfielder with great technical ability who opens up play for his teammates and can shoot from distance. Pomykal has never-ending endurance and it looks like he will be a starter for the US Under-17 team at next year's FIFA World Cup.
SCHEDULED FC DALLAS LIVE STREAMS: 3/18 @ 7 ET vs. Valencia
Omir Fernandez - New York Red Bulls
The leading goalscorer in GA Cup qualifying for the Red Bulls alongside Zach Ryan with six goals apiece, but Fernandez has scored plenty more in other matches an competition. Attempting to follow in the footsteps of NYRB Homegrown forwards like Brandon Allen, Alex Muyl, and Derrick Etienne, Fernandez looks to be the latest up-and-comer.
Just this winter Fernandez spent time with the US Under-18 national team and will look to continue his scoring touch in Texas. A creative finisher who plays well up top on his own or with a partner, Fernandez is a handful for most any opposition defense.
SCHEDULED RED BULLS LIVE STREAMS: 3/20 @ 7 ET vs. River Plate
Andrew Paoli - San Jose Earthquakes
San Jose fought through one of the toughest GA Cup preliminary regional groups to qualify for the GA Cup Championship division. They did so with a plus-14 goal differential and a lot of that success on both sides of the ball had to do with the play of holding midfielder Andrew Paoli.
Known as a calm passer from the base of the midfield, Paoli is adept at reading the play to snuff out opposition attacks, and then immediately restart the attack with a big switch of the field. Paoli is just returning from a trip to Buenos Aires with the US Under-18 national team and he proved to be one of the brightest young American stars.
SCHEDULED SJ EARTHQUAKES LIVE STREAMS: 3/22 @ 6 ET vs. Villarreal
Jose Carranza - D.C. United
D.C. United boast one of the most successful academies in MLS history, producing professionals like Bill Hamid and Andy Najar, but the club already seems to have cultivated another star on the rise in Carranza, a diminutive attacking midfielder (photo above).
Consistently playing in older age groups, Carranza was the second youngest player last year at the USA Under-17 residency program, where he showed well and earned more national team call-ups. Carranza uses his high soccer IQ to control the pace of the game, and to create dangerous attacking opportunities for his teammates. At only 17, he has already trained with the DC first team and is on the lips of every opposing coach at the GA Cup.
SCHEDULED D.C. UNITED LIVE STREAMS: 3/18 @ 1 ET vs. CA Paranaense
Glademir Mendoza - Real Salt Lake
Not to be entranced merely by creative players and goalscorers, there are also a multitude of promising defenders at GA Cup.
Like Paoli, Mendoza is also down in Argentina with the US Under-18s, helping lead the team to a clean sweep of all three international competitors. A steady and confident defender, Mendoza will look to marshall the RSL back line against all of these attacking stars.
(Image: CNET/CBS Interactive)
It's all Internet Explorer's fault -- again.
Microsoft has released an emergency out-of-band patch for a "critical"-rated security vulnerability, affecting all supported versions of Windows.
The software giant said in an advisory Tuesday that users visiting a specially-crafted website can lead to remote code execution on an affected machine.
The zero-day flaw (classified as CVE-2015-2502) works by exploiting a flaw in how Internet Explorer handles objects in memory. If successfully exploited, an attacker could "gain the same user rights as the current user," the advisory said. Those running administrator accounts are particularly at risk, it said.
Simply put: this flaw could allow an affected Windows machine to be taken over by an attacker.
It does not appear that the vulnerability is currently being exploited by hackers.
Microsoft's new Edge browser, which lands in Windows 10, is not affected by the vulnerability. The patch is available over Windows Update or through Microsoft's website.
Google security researcher Clement Lecigne was credited with finding the flaw.
This latest critical patch comes a week after the company's scheduled monthly roundup of security fixes were released to customers.
Whether or not, however, this sets a trend for Microsoft remains to be seen. This is the second month in a row the company has issued an out-of-band update.
Last month, just days after its usual monthly round of security updates, the software giant released an out-of-band patch for a critical flaw that, if exploited, could allow a hacker to effectively take over an affected machine.
A Microsoft spokesperson said in a statement: "Windows is the only platform with a customer commitment to investigate reported security issues, and proactively update impacted devices as soon as possible."
"We recommend customers use Windows 10 and the Microsoft Edge browser for the best protection. Today, Microsoft released Security Bulletin MS15-093 to further protect customer devices from security vulnerabilities affecting Internet Explorer. Microsoft Edge was not affected. Customers who have Windows Update enabled and applied the August Security Updates, are protected automatically," the spokesperson added.
This post has been updated.
Exeter City played against Brazil just two weeks before the start of World War One
It almost seems unthinkable that a century of samba football was borne out of a bunch of Devon boys, a misjudged skinny dip and a pair of knocked-out teeth.
How Exeter City, who finished just five points outside the League Two relegation places in 2014, helped form the first ever Brazilian side is little known, to those in both South America or south-west England.
But it all happened when, en route home from their 1914 pre-season tour of Argentina, the Grecians stopped off in Brazil, after Nottingham Forest and Southampton turned down requests to make the trip.
Despite a desire for them to also travel to São Paulo, Exeter chose only to play in Rio de Janeiro, forcing the invention of a team with a mixture of players from the two largest football states, and thus creating the 'Selecao' (the selection), which to this day remains the Brazilian national team's nickname.
With England being the birthplace of football, the images held in Brazil were that the English were the gods of the sport and it left the locals anticipating a match akin to the flowing, beautiful football they were used to watching.
The 1914 Exeter City side included goalkeeper Dick Pym, who lifted the FA Cup with Bolton in 1923
But disaster struck before a ball had been kicked, when Exeter's players chose to go for a dip in the sea and found themselves in a spot of bother as they were charged with gross indecency.
The players did make it onto the pitch, however, and the 3,000 fans that were packed into the Estadio das Laranjeiras were surprised with the roughness of the visitors' play.
The natural flare of the hastily put together Brazilian XI shone through and although their star player, Arthur Friedenreich, lost two teeth in the battle, the South American side ran out 2-0 winners - Oswaldo Gomes and Osman both finding the back of the net - against the professionals they had believed to be unbeatable.
Now, a century later, Exeter are returning to South America to mark the centenary of the extraordinary history they share with the country and their national football side.
The Estadio das Laranjeiras is still owned by Fluminense but the Brazilian league side now play at the Maracana
Newly appointed Grecians club captain, Scot Bennett, says that he has spent the last few weeks reading articles in local newspapers to grasp a better understanding of their trip to Brazil.
"I know bits and bobs," Bennett told BBC Sport. "I've read a lot in the newspapers recently, learning what the game was all about, with Exeter playing Brazil a hundred years ago and being the first team to do that.
"I know that there is a lot of history there and I think that both the club and the players are going to be a massive part of Brazil's history for a long time."
In the 100 years since that match the fortunes of the two sides have greatly differed. Brazil have featured in all 20 World Cups, winning football's top accolade a record five times, and reached the semi-finals of this year's competition held in their own country.
Exeter, meanwhile, have never played above the third tier in English football and will now begin their third consecutive campaign in League Two in August, having previously spent five years in the Conference between 2003 and 2008.
The 1914 Brazil side consisted of seven players from sides in Rio and four players from teams in São Paulo
But that Grecians manager Paul Tisdale and his men have been to flown over to Brazil and will play three matches over a week is proof of the high regard the club are still held in by all those at the top of the Brazilian game.
Fluminense, one of Brazil's most popular and successful domestic clubs, will cover a large part of the cost, alongside a number of other contributors from Brazil, and will play Exeter in their opening pre-season friendly at the famous Estadio das Laranjeiras on Sunday, 20 July.
The four-time Brazilian Serie A winners usually play their football at the Maracana, the venue of this year's World Cup final, and have boasted sides with notable players such as Brazil legend Rivellino, free-kick specialist Branco, Paris St-Germain defender Thiago Silva, current club captain Fred and midfielder Dario Conca.
Fluminense's star-studded team 1970 World Cup winner Rivellino moved to the club in 1973 after eight years with Corinthians. He went on to score 53 goals in 158 appearances over five seasons.
Left-back Branco, who was a part of Brazil's 1994 triumphant World Cup side, enjoyed three stints with Fluminense but found life in England more challenging. After joining Middlesbrough in 1996, the defender made just nine appearances before leaving on a free transfer after less than year.
Current Brazil captain Thiago Silva was a part of the Fluminense youth team and made 81 appearance between 2006 and 2008, before his successful move to European football.
Brazil striker Fred returned to his native country four years after leaving to move to Lyon. Having netted an imperious 62 times in 96 matches, the forward is much revered by the club's supporters.
In 2011, Dario Conca was made the third-highest paid player in the world when he signed for Chinese side Guangzhou Evergrande, a season after having helped Fluminense clinch their first title in 26 years. He returned to the Brazilian side in January 2014.
For Exeter academy graduate Bennett, handed the captain's armband on a full-time basis just prior to the trip, the meaning of leading out his side against Fluminense is not lost on the 23-year-old.
"It is one thing to lead your team out on a matchday," he said. "When you are over there and are part of something so big, coming out in a big stadium and against such a big team, there's always going to be an added emphasis on that.
"It's definitely added to the excitement for me and around 160 fans are travelling over and making a big effort to come over. Hopefully we can put on a good show for them."
Following the commemorative match, Exeter's players and staff will watch their opposition take on Santos at the Maracana in a league match later that day, before going on to face Tupi on Wednesday, 23 July and Rio Cricket and Athletic Association on Friday, 25 July.
It will be a fitting way to remember that Exeter City were responsible for kick-starting one of the greatest footballing dynasties the game has ever known, and a century later Bennett knows he is reaping the rewards of his Exeter predecessors' labour.
"As a young boy you dream you can play in big stadiums, full stadiums, against good sides, but when you're playing in League Two it does not happen week in, week out," Bennett said.
"Going over to Brazil, where the World Cup has just taken place, is definitely going to be a dream come true for me and all of the lads."
With an aim to offer reliable mobility in smaller towns and cities, Ola has launched its e-rickshaw service today in Delhi-NCR. The first Ola E-rickshaw was booked by PM Narendra Modi on Ola's mobile application.
The service was launched by PM Narendra Modi at the ‘Stand Up India' initiative which is aimed at promoting entrepreneurship. Bhartiya Micro Credit (BMC), an NGO focused on financial aid for E-Rickshaws will distribute 5,100 E-Rickshaws at the event that will be deployed across Delhi, Gurgaon, Noida, Faridabad and Ghaziabad.
This will be further scaled up in the coming months to more small towns and Tier III cities. Each of the e-rickshaw operators will get a smartphone to connect to the Ola app and the customer and the base fare will start at Rs 8.
These E-rickshaws involve lower human effort compared to pulled rickshaws and will give existing rickshaw pullers, the opportunity to enhance their skills and become driver-entrepreneurs and access to consistent demand through the Ola app on their smartphones. Apart from employment, Ola and BMC will also set up and run skill development centers in these towns to enable continuous skilling and training for thousands of rickshaw driver-entrepreneurs.
Speaking on the occasion, Pranay Jivrajka, Chief Operating Officer at Ola said,
It's an honour to support PM Modi's ‘Stand-up India' initiative aimed at empowering thousands of e-rickshaw driver-partners, with innovative micro-entrepreneurship solutions and technology platform. Economic growth, rapid urbanization and environmental concerns are driving the need for innovative mobility solutions across the country. The transportation needs of users in smaller towns and sustainable alternatives for cycle rickshaw pedallers will be solved for with the introduction of e-rickshaws on the Ola app, which are affordable, environment friendly and convenient to hail. We believe this will touch the lives of hundreds of millions of citizens as well as the livelihoods of millions of driver entrepreneurs, taking us closer to our mission of mobility for a billion people.
Proud to launch e ricks on @Olacabs by @narendramodi. Building mobility for a billion Indians! #madeforindia pic.twitter.com/zbz8YgiXpv — Bhavish Aggarwal (@bhash) April 5, 2016
Will also flag-off 5100 e-rickshaws under MUDRA Yojana & interact with beneficiaries, besides inaugurating a Kaushal Vikas Kendra in Noida. — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) April 5, 2016
source
An Oakland school is getting ready to test students for tuberculosis after a member of the community was diagnosed with the airborne disease.Skyline High School administrators will test hundreds of students next week and will soon be letting parents know if their child is on the list.This is in response to one confirmed case on campus.A few students wore medical masks on Tuesday in response to the confirmed case of tuberculosis. Others talked about skipping class altogether."People are saying that they are not going to come, they just don't want to come, they just want to stay home, they don't want to risk it," one student said.School officials say they have been proactive with information and the patient is in isolation. But some parents still feel a little uneasy."It's kinda scary. I have two children here. I definitely don't want either one of them catching it. I'm hoping they are gonna test all the kids and not just the ones they think are exposed," parent Joycelynn Jones said.Health officials say that could lead to false positives and putting people on antibiotics unnecessarily. But they will test hundreds of kids next week.The parents of those deemed most likely to be exposed will soon be getting letters - that's when the principal is expecting a strong reaction."I would expect that there will be more parents concerned when they get the letter their student may have been exposed because then it hits your kitchen table when you open your mail," principal Nancy Bloom said.But for now, she says attendance is fine and parents are calm."We had a parent meeting last night. There were about ten parents in attendance. What it says to me is that the parent body overall is comfortable and confident in what we are doing and how we are doing it," Bloom said.Because of privacy laws, Bloom won't say who the patient is but she says she expects the person to make a full recovery.
By
Fresh off the heels of their Vehopciraptor release, the folks at The Unknown Brewing Co. have announced their second bottle — and it's a doozy.
The full name of the beer is “La Jordana del Escorpion en Fuego Hacia la Casa del Chupacabra Muerto,” which roughly translates to “The Path of the Fiery Scorpion through the House of the Dead Chupacabra.”
The beer is a 10.1 percent ABV Mexican imperial lager brewed with agave nectar, serrano peppers and 99 real scorpions. It's then aged on oak staves from tequila barrels.
Why scorpions? Founder Brad Shell asks why not? After all, this is a brewery that prides itself on stepping into the Unknown and encouraging others to do the same. When they first talked about aging this beer in tequila barrels, someone suggested they throw a single scorpion into one of the barrels. But Shell, perhaps channeling Hunter S. Thompson, said that “anything worth doing is worth doing with 99 scorpions.”
The food-grade scorpions were procured from Thailand, and added during the boil of the beer with the hops. While Shell is unsure of how the scorpions will contribute to the beer's final flavor, he said he has eaten other bugs and gotten a light pepper flavor.
Unknown will release the beer on Sunday, Nov. 9. They will also be holding a chili cookoff that day. Bottles go on sale at 12:30 p.m. (limit two per person), and you can start sampling chili around 2 p.m.
Manfred Weber delivers a speech during the European People's Party statuary Congress in Madrid in 2015 | Gerard Julien/AFP via Getty Images Manfred Weber calls for defunding of ‘neo-fascist' political group European People's Party leader says Alliance for Peace and Freedom is using funds to advance ‘extremist' positions.
The leader of the European Parliament's biggest political group wants the assembly to stop funding a pan-EU party that he said brought together "the worst right-wing extremists and neo-fascists around Europe."
Manfred Weber, chairman of the European People's Party group, wrote to other parliamentary group leaders Tuesday saying the Alliance for Peace and Freedom, which received €600,000 in funding from the Parliament in 2016, had plans to use the money to regroup "some of the most radical and militant right-wing extremist parties."
Weber said the starting point for investigating how the group was using funds from the Parliament should be a political rally it plans to hold in Stockholm on May 28. The EPP chairman called on parliamentary leaders in the Conference of Presidents to discuss taking action to de-fund the group.
"We have to make sure that the European Parliament is making the best use of its monitoring and control mechanisms in the run-up to the possible triggering of a de-registration procedure," Weber wrote. "We have to send a clear signal to the those extremists who are working against the very foundations of our society."
In the letter, he cited accusations against political parties in the group, including the alleged involvement of Greece's Golden Dawn party in the murder of an anti-fascist rapper and alleged anti-constitutional behavior by Germany's National Democratic Party, which is facing a ban by the German Constitutional Court.
Weber also called on Parliament Secretary General Klaus Welle to investigate if the party has been receiving money from countries outside of the EU and if it is directly or indirectly funding national parties or candidates.
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair has heaped praise on globalist former investment banker Emmanuel Macron, remarking that were he to be elected to the presidency this week it would be a “victory” for the world.
Emmanuel Macron, who has been consistently likened to Tony Blair during the electoral campaign for his centrist, globalist politics and considerably establishment background came first in the first round of the French presidential elections in April. In the second round this coming Sunday the former banker is set to face populist leader Marine Le Pen, who recently stood down from the leadership of her Front National party to appeal to a broader base in the coming vote.
Praising Mr Macron but brushing off claims that he was his heir in global politics, the former British Prime Minister who led the country to war in Iraq said in an interview with French newspaper Le Monde: “What is important is that his election could be a real victory for a more global approach to politics”.
As well as having an optimistic outlook for the globalist Mr Macron, Mr Blair was also full of praise and positive thoughts for the future of the globalist European Union, from which the United Kingdom is presently in the process of extracting itself from, and in the French elections the possibility of ‘Frexit' has been raised seriously for the first time.
Making his feelings clear that even the most significant nations in Europe could no longer be counted as global powers, Mr Blair said: “The Eurosceptics are under the sad illusion that Europe is going to give up and collapse. It's just not the case! The EU has committed some serious mistakes, but the logic behind it is stronger than ever: It's the geopolitical reality of the 21st century. For mid-sized powers like Germany, France and the UK, the only way to defend their interests is to stay together”.
Mr Blair couldn't resist the opportunity to make a comment on the state of British politics and in particular the Labour party which he formerly led, giving it their greatest ever electoral results and control of national government from 1997. In a thinly veiled attack on the old-left present party leader Jeremy Corbyn he said: “I tried to make Labour a vehicle for that [centrist] spirit, too.
“In the UK I would like to see Labour back on that path. Because if we end up limited to a choice between either the conservative supporters of a “hard Brexit” or the current extreme-left Labour, a lot of people will be left by the wayside with no choice”.
The former Labour leader said he'd modernised Labour in 1997 and that the world was now changing so fast, the left “has to modernise quickly and catch up”.
These remarks came as Mr Blair said in an interview with British newspaper The Mirror that he was ready to “get [his] hands dirty” again in a return to politics in order, apparently to frustrate Brexit.
Butch Jones has gotten a lot of credit for his recruiting efforts, as well he should. Tennessee is a state that based on college football tradition one would think is a recruiting hot spot, but the numbers will show you that it's really not that successful. Tennessee coaches have had to go across state borders more than the average Tennessee fan would believe to find great players. This past years class may have started a change in this with Derek Barnett, Jalen Hurd, and Aaron Medley. I did not count any class that has not had a chance to be drafted yet in this article. So, the numbers are only for 2002 thru 2011. I used recruiting stars, games started and if they were drafted or not as a way to judge the classes. I know games started is not a perfect example of how much a player contributed, for example Gerald Riggs only started 3 games, but he was a big contributor.
First, let's talk about where the recruits are from: I broke this down into 5 major cities: Nashville, Knoxville, Chattanooga, Johnson City, and Memphis.
It makes Butch's job a little harder being that Memphis is actually much closer to Oxford then it is Knoxville.
The average star rating for the classes is 3.35. The number of Rival's star ratings look like this:
2 Stars 3 Stars 4 Stars 5 Stars 7 26 24 2
Finally looking at games started from these players. I know that this is not a perfect example of how good a player is, but generally if a player is contributing a lot he will get the start.
Through 2011 there were 59 Players from Tennessee in classes. Those players started a combined 583 games (perUTSports.com). That's an average of each player starting 9.88 games in their career. I did count players that were kicked off the team or transferred, because technically Tennessee recruited and signed them. For instance, Lee Smith from Powell started 0 games but ended up drafted out of Marshall.
The highest number of starts went to Britton Colquitt with 43 and second was James Wilhoit with 37. The highest position player when to James Stone with 39 and Dan Williams was right behind with 32.
The final stat I compiled was if the player was drafted or not which also indicates how productive a player is unlike the NBA which could draft a player solely on potential. 7 Players have been drafted out of those classes. They are as follows:
PLAYER ROUND Justin Harrell 1st Brad Cottam 3rd Dan Williams 1st Jacques Mcclendon 4th Lee Smith (Marshall) 5th BJ Coleman (UTC) 7th Montori Hughes (UT Martin) 5th
Out of the 7 players drafted 3 were either 2 or 3 stars. With only 7 players drafted I started to look at NFL players from the state of Tennessee and the two that jump out are Patrick Willis and Randall Cobb. Other than that I'm not sure there are a lot of players that Tennessee just missed on.
Hopefully for Butch and the Vols sake, the area players have started improving. It seems like the Nashville area has made huge strides lately. That will really help the Vols, since you know, the Vols own Nashville too.
With Rains like These, Who Needs Hurricanes? August 13, 2016
WeatherUnderground:
A devastating flood event was unfolding over southeast Louisiana on Friday, and conditions may get worse yet, as an extremely slow-moving center of low pressure is dumping colossal amounts of rain on the region. This sprawling, “stacked” low is carrying more water vapor than many tropical cyclones, and its slow motion is leading to persistent rains that could add up to all-time record totals in some places. Multi-sensor analyses indicate that several areas in southeast Louisiana and southermost Mississippi racked up more than 6” of rain from 7:00 am CDT Thursday, August 11, to 7:00 am Friday (see Figure 1). More than 10” of rain was analyzed just northeast of Baton Rouge, the hardest-hit area thus far. In the 24 hours from 2:00 pm CDT Thursday to 2:00 pm Friday, Baton Rouge Metropolitan Airport recorded a preliminary total of 8.49” of rain. Since records began in 1892, the city's largest calendar day total is 11.99” (set on April 14, 1967), and the largest two-day calendar total is 14.03” (June 6-7, 2001). Given the very slow motion of the stacked low, these all-time records are conceivably within reach. A cooperative observer in Livingston, LA, reported 17.09” of rain from midnight to 3:00 pm CDT Friday. The state's official 24-hour record is 22 inches, reported near Hackberry on August 28-29, 1962.
So since around 10pm last night Grangeville on the Amite River has risen around 22 ft & still going up fast. #LAwx pic.twitter.com/pwkp1Ik7bL — Christopher Bannan (@ulmwxr) August 12, 2016
Pacific Standard:
Although 2015 saw a Northern Hemisphere record for major hurricanes, Cat 3 and above. Still we hear climate deniers talking about a “hurricane drought”. Only for those who look beyond the Dogpatch County line.
ThinkProgress:
You may have seen a headline in recent weeks that asserted “The U.S. coast is in an unprecedented hurricane drought” (Washington Post) or “U.S. experiencing record hurricane drought” (USA Today). In fact, the major “hurricane drought” in these stories is so arbitrary and frankly irrelevant to the lives of most Americans living along the coast as to render it beyond misleading. A journal article published over two months ago — aptly titled “The Arbitrary Definition of the Current Atlantic Major Hurricane Landfall Drought” — pointed out: From a societal context, human and financial losses matter most, and Irene [2011; $8 billion (U.S. dollars)] and Sandy (2012; $88 billion) occurred during the current drought. D'oh! We could get hit by a Sandy every year — heck, every month — for the entire century and still be in this so-called drought! How is that possible? Well, the primary “drought” people are talking about (yes, there is more than one) is, as the Post put it “A major hurricane hasn't hit the U.S. Gulf or East Coast in more than a decade…. The streak has reached 3,937 days, longer than any previous drought by nearly two years.” But wait, you say, Sandy and Irene were both Category 3 hurricanes — and Ike (2008) was a Category 4 — and the definition of a “major hurricane” is a Category 3, 4, or 5 hurricanes. True, say the drought-ists, but the semantic drought we're talking about is a drought in hurricanes that were major when they made land-fall! But wait, you say, Sandy was the second costliest hurricane in U.S. history (after Katrina), and “truly astounding in its size and power,” as hurricane Hunter and meteorologist Dr. Jeff Masters has explained. It had a “larger area of tropical storm-force winds” than any hurricane on record, and “At landfall, Sandy's tropical storm-force winds spanned 943 miles of the the U.S. coast”: At its peak size, twenty hours before landfall, Sandy had tropical storm-force winds that covered an area nearly one-fifth the area of the contiguous United States…. Sandy's area of ocean with twelve-foot seas peaked at 1.4 million square miles — nearly one-half the area of the contiguous United States, or 1% of Earth's total ocean area. Most incredibly, ten hours before landfall, the total energy of Sandy's winds of tropical storm-force [was] the highest value for any Atlantic hurricane since at least 1969. This is 2.7 times higher than Katrina's peak energy, and is equivalent to five Hiroshima-sized atomic bombs.
Advertisements
The vast majority of fatal cycling crashes take place on streets without bike lanes. (Betty Tsang's Flickr)
The rate of cyclist deaths has declined since the mid 1990s while the number of daily riders in New York City has grown roughly 150 percent, the Department of Transportation announced Monday at a celebratory press conference.
"Biking is no longer the niche of our city," Citi Bike CEO Jay Walder told reporters, after biking over Brooklyn Bridge with a gaggle of DOT staff. "It is the mainstream of how people are getting around."
There were, on average, 12.8 cyclist fatalities per 100 million bicycle trips between 2011 and 2015, compared to 44.2 between 1996 and 2000. Per-year deaths have remained relatively steady: between 22.4 and 17.2 on average annually since 1996. The vast majority of these deaths occurred on unprotected streetsbetween 2006 and 2016, only 11 percent of cyclist fatalities occurred on streets with bike safety infrastructure.
Fewer than 20 percent of NYC streets currently have bike lanes, DOT data shows.
Standing in front of fresh bike lanes at the Brooklyn entrance to the Brooklyn Bridge, DOT Commissioner Polly Trottenberg said the agency intends to expand the city's bike network in ten outer borough neighborhoods in Brooklyn and Queens to enhance cyclist safety. Bike lanes slow traffic by reducing street width, the agency says.
These neighborhoodsEast Elmhurst, Jackson Heights, Glendale, Ridgewood, and Corona in Queens; Bed-Stuy, East New York, Borough Park, East Flatbush, Flatbush, Midwood, Brownsville, Gravesend and Manhattan Beach in Brooklynaccount for nearly a quarter of all cyclist fatalities and serious injuries and include just 17 percent of the city's bike lane network.
"We have so much more work to do," Trottenberg stated on Monday.
The DOT has pledged to stick to its goal of creating 50 new miles of bike lanes each year, including at least 10 miles of protected lanes. DOT will also create 75 miles of bike lanes in the identified "priority" areas by 2022.
Cycling advocates praised the DOT's announcement and what they see as a concerted effort to enhance the city's bike network, but also pointed out that the de Blasio administration's commitment to building bike infrastructure is still relatively conservative.
"Right now the DOT is building five times as many unprotected as protected lanes, and they are only committed to ten [protected] miles per year in a city with 6,000 miles of streets," said Transportation Alternatives Director Paul Steely White. "That's not even beginning to accommodate the enormous need."
Comparing maps of bike lanes & maps of fatalities/injuries, @NYC_DOT identifies parts of city where it will focus bike network expansion. pic.twitter.com/cBbdLIHtna — Stephen Miller (@miller_stephen) July 31, 2017
Advocates also questioned City Hall's willingness to change hearts and minds in communities opposed to bike lane expansion (concerns range from reckless cycling to parking-space-gobbling bike infrastructure).
"We need more all-ages infrastructure that works for kids, seniors, and everyone in between," said safe streets advocate Doug Gordon, who writes the blog Brooklyn Spoke. "Sharrows and double-parking lanes aren't going to cut it."
And advocates criticized the NYPD's investigation habits which, they say, encourage victim blaming. In the wake of multiple recent cyclist fatalities, the NYPD's press office has disseminated preliminary information about the circumstances surrounding the crash that was later debunked. For example, video footage recently refuted the NYPD's narrative that Dan Hanegby "swerved" into a bus before he was fatally run over in June. And in 2016, witnesses contradicted an initial report that Lauren Davis was cycling against traffic when she was struck and killed by a driver.
"A broken telephone runs not only between the NYPD press room and the Collision Investigation Squad, but also between the precincts and whoever is telling cops how to respond," personal injury attorney and safe streets advocate Steve Vaccaro, who frequently represents cyclists, told Gothamist. "The message coming through that broken telephone is, 'Go out and ticket those cyclists.'"
Roughly 8,000 cyclists were ticketed in the time it took to ticket 43,000 drivers for bike lane violations, according to the NYPD.
NYPD Inspector Dennis Fulton disputed the idea that the NYPD's media approach is problematic.
"Right now the current way works," he said. "CIS will do the investigation and then relay the information to DCPI [public information office] and they will relay information to the press."
"There's a general policy that we have one voice and it comes through DCPI," he said. "So if you want to get the true information you go through them."
The DOT has yet to solidify bike infrastructure plans for Williamsburg and Union Square during the impending L train shutdown, a priority for Transportation Alternatives and local elected officials.
"We are doing a lot of work to approve bicycling infrastructure on both sides of the Williamsburg Bridge," Trottenberg said. "We are still working through the full details of where those are going to be."
Speaking today during a post-earnings financial call, GameStop COO Tony Bartel said gamers should not expect to see as many new hardware bundles that come with free games in 2015 as they did last year.
"Based on our discussions with publishers and platform-holders, these pack-in programs will be significantly reduced in 2015," Bartel said.
In 2014, Microsoft and Sony offered various hardware bundles. Microsoft sold Xbox Ones with free copies of Assassin's Creed Unity (and Black Flag), Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare, and Sunset Overdrive. Meanwhile, Sony sold PlayStation 4 bundles with free pack-ins such as Destiny and The Last of Us, among others.
Bartel said GameStop's overall new software sales took a hit last year due to these bundles. Citing an NPD study, Bartel said as much as $250 million was lost in physical sales as a result.
"We believe that new software sales were impacted in the latter part of 2014 as many games were given away as subsidized marketing incentives in next-generation hardware bundles," he said.
Microsoft just this month launched a new Xbox One Master Chief Collection bundle. So bundles aren't going away entirely (as evidenced by the number of bundles currently being offered at GameStop), but Bartel sees them as making up a smaller piece of the pie this year compared to last.
Currently, Xbox One and PS4 free game bundles--in the case of the Master Chief Collection and The Last of Us bundles--cost the same as a standard console. That's $350 for Xbox One and $400 for PS4.
Also during the presentation, the retailer shared some data from an upcoming DFC Intelligence report. It claims that, of the total number of AAA games sold in North America last year, 88 percent were physical and 12 percent were digital.
Of that 12 percent, 60 percent were given away through hardware bundles, while 40 percent were paid for.
Overall, when factoring in total unit sales of AAA games in 2014 (physical and digital), paid-for downloaded games made up just 2 percent of all units, according to the study.
The full DFC Intelligence study will be released later this year.
Earlier today, GameStop reported earnings for the fourth quarter and full-year. Check out GameSpot's full report for everything you need to know.
The job of table hostesses involve making the guests feel welcomed and taken well care of. It is mostly about providing specialized customer service, so that guests are satisfied till the end.
From the seating to the special demands of the customers, a female hostess is a pro in making sure that the service is always top notch. The hostess fully relies on her hands-on approach into tackling even the most demanding customers. The duties of a hostess may not be as stressful as the responsibilities that are laid upon the wait staff, the kitchen staffs, or the management. This however doesn't mean that her job is easy!
Keeping up with the Changing Times
When we talk of restaurants, the management knows that bringing guests through their front door is the first step to making a profit. This is when the job of hostess comes into play. Hiring someone to take complete charge of the customers' comfort goes a long way. It opens up the probabilities of customers becoming regulars. This is why these days we find many good restaurants hiring hostess, to make the seating and reservation procedures as smooth and fair as possible.
When people are satisfied with the treatments they receive while they are out eating, then it elevates the complete quality package of the customer experience. The hostess makes certain to show that courtesy and care for the guest are high in quality level. It comes down to the known fact that first impressions make a huge difference.
Managing the Constant flow
While seating guests, open communication between the hostess, management team and kitchen staff is needed for an organized environment. A hostess goes about following these simple norms:
The hostess takes the responsible of greeting and welcoming the guests. She then takes them to a table and sits them there, or in case the tables are not ready she can give you a waiting time. Most of the time, she takes care of the reservations as well.
She plays the major role is making sure that the guest flow at the front of the restaurant is being taken good care of.
It certainly is unpleasant having to wait your turn for a table and being not aware of when you are going to be seated. Restaurants need to see that hiring a hostess to maintain a continuous and smooth flow will increase their profit.
A polite hostess at the front door, assuring you the exact timing when your table will be ready will add a pleasant touch.
America's Department of Defense has set a bold goal to generate a quarter of its power from renewable energy sources by 2025. That bold goal has the military targeting the installation of solar panels from the likes of SolarCity (NASDAQ:SCTY.DL) and SunPower (NASDAQ:SPWR) on military bases across the country. However, solar is just one of the renewable technologies the military is investing in as it's also pursuing wind, geothermal and biomass technologies.
While most of these technologies are still emerging energy platforms, each is starting to become rather mainstream. That can't be said for some of the other innovative ideas the military is pursuing as it invests to become a lean, mean and green fighting force.
The following slideshow details some of the innovative energy projects that the military is investing in these days. It walks through some of the projects that Solar City and SunPower are working on for the military as well as some of the more unique ideas the military is pursing and why it matters.
You may have entertained the idea of an improbable civilization ending events such as a ‘global killer' asteroid, earth crust displacement or massive solar storms, but what if there existed a situation right now that was so serious that it literally threatened our very existence?
According to a host of scientists, nuclear experts and researchers, were are facing exactly such a scenario – and current efforts may not be able to stop it.
When the Fukushima nuclear plants sustained structural damage and a catastrophic failure of their spent fuel cooling systems in the aftermath of the Japanese earthquake and Tsunami in 2011, it left the government of Japan, Tokyo Power and nuclear regulatory agencies around the world powerless to contain the release of deadly radiation. A year on, the battle for control of Fukushima continues to no avail.
It's estimated that tens of thousands of people in Japan and the whole of North America have been affected, with reports indicating that children in Japan and the U.S. are already being born with birth defects, as well as thousands who have already succumbed to radiation related illness. As we initially followed the breaking news during the first thirty days of the accident, we suggested the Fukushima disaster would be worse than Chernobyl. Not even we could have imagined how much worse it would be.
If current estimates are correct, Fukushima has already released as much radiation into the atmosphere and Pacific Ocean as Chernobyl, and the potential for a disaster at least ten times worse is highly probable in the event of another earthquake or accident that leads to a collapse of the cooling structures which are above ground and have already suffered significant damage.
According to U.S. Army General Albert N. Stubblebine (ret.) of the Natural Solutions Foundation, the situation is extremely serious and poses a significant danger to our entire civilization. Since TEPCO and the Japanese government have refused the entombment option (as the Russians did with Chernobyl) the world is at the mercy of nature. A mistake here would cause the deaths of tens of millions of people across the globe.
If there ever existed a threat that could cause the end of the world as we know it, it's the ongoing and unresolved nuclear saga in Japan:
When the highly radioactive Spent Fuel Rods are exposed to air, there will be massive explosions releasing many times the amount or radiation released thus far. Bizarrely, they are stored three stories above ground in open concrete storage pools. Whether through evaporation of the water in the pools, or due to the inevitable further collapse of the structure, there is a severe risk. United States public health authorities agree that tens of thousands of North Americans have already died from the Fukushima calamity. When the final cataclysm occurs, sooner rather than later, the whole Northern Hemisphere is at risk of becoming largely uninhabitable. … Fact. On March 11, 2011, Fukushima Daichi nuclear power station with six nuclear reactors suffered cataclysmic damage that some believe was a man-made event,and the resulting Tsunami. Hydrogen explosions…at least one nuclear explosion… and then subsequent deterioration of the visible plants at five of those reactors have created a threat situation unparalleled in human history. Fact. Despite denial and cover-up, the reality has emerged, that enormous amounts of radioactive material has been spewing into the atmosphere, polluting the groundwater, and the food of Japan, and entering by the tens of millions of gallons the waters of the Pacific. … There's no way to sugarcoat these facts. Denying them, blocking them out, pretending that they are not real is of no help to you and your family, and it leaves you totally unprepared for a danger that the Natural Solutions Foundation has been warning about since the first day. As of three weeks ago the levels of radiation inside of the spent fuel pools of unit no. 2 are too high to measure. Get that… too high to measure. And, the water there is evaporating, meaning that heat and radiation could easily build to very high levels. … Very simply put, if this much Cesium 137 is released, it will destroy the world environment and our civilization. This is not rocket science, nor does it connect to the pugulistic debate over nuclear power plants. This is an issue of human survival.
We can play the denial game all day long and pretend that, because the mainstream media is not reporting on it, there is no threat, but the facts are quite clear.
This is, without a doubt, the most immediate threat faced by the world. It's so serious, in fact, that the Japanese government has considered and put into place evacuation plans for the whole of Tokyo – some 40 million people. Reports are also emerging that suggest a collapse of the spent fuel pools would be so serious that the entire country of Japan may have to be evacuated. The entire country – that's 125 million refugees that will cause an unprecedented humanitarian disaster.
Before you argue that these are the ravings of just alternative media conspiracy theorists and fearmongers, consider the assessment put forth by Robert Alvarez , a senior policy adviser to the Secretary for National Security and the Environment for the US Department of Energy:
The No. 4 pool is about 100 feet above ground, is structurally damaged and is exposed to the open elements. If an earthquake or other event were to cause this pool to drain this could result in a catastrophic radiological fire involving nearly 10 times the amount of Cs-137 released by the Chernobyl accident. The infrastructure to safely remove this material was destroyed as it was at the other three reactors. Spent reactor fuel cannot be simply lifted into the air by a crane as if it were routine cargo. In order to prevent severe radiation exposures, fires and possible explosions, it must be transferred at all times in water and heavily shielded structures into dry casks.. As this has never been done before, the removal of the spent fuel from the pools at the damaged Fukushima-Dai-Ichi reactors will require a major and time-consuming re-construction effort and will be charting in unknown waters. … The total spent reactor fuel inventory at the Fukushima-Daichi site contains nearly half of the total amount of Cs-137 estimated by the NCRP to have been released by all atmospheric nuclear weapons testing, Chernobyl, and world-wide reprocessing plants (~270 million curies or ~9.9 E+18 Becquerel). It is important for the public to understand that reactors that have been operating for decades, such as those at the Fukushima-Dai-Ichi site, have generated some of the largest concentrations of radioactivity on the planet.
Regulatory agencies all over the world are warning of the potentiality of a further degradation of the Fukushima nuclear reactors and spent fuel pools, and the subsequent nuclear fallout that would follow.
If these reactors go – and they could at any moment for any number of reasons – we're looking at a situation for which you simply cannot stock enough food, or water, or supplies. Radiation would spread across the entire northern hemisphere and would be impossible to contain.
While we've argued in the past that there is no place we'd rather be than in the United States of America in the event of a socio-economic collapse or global conflict, if these spent fuel pools collapse, then an international exit strategy may be the only option.
Because details are sparse and research limited, it is difficult to predict what nuclear fall out from Japan may look like. The following map may be of some help, as it details the estimated fallout pattern resulting from a nuclear war between Russia and the United States. You'll note that, while most of the world would be irradiated, the southern hemisphere would be your best bet to avoid the brunt of it:
(via Where Do I Go If Fukushima Blows?)
Beachfront property in Antarctica sounds quite appealing right about now.
For breaking news on Fukushima follow: Stan Deyo, Jeff Rense, Steve Quayle, Alexander Higgins, Infowars, The Intel Hub
Malta's parliament has unanimously voted to ban gay conversion therapy, becoming the first European country to make the controversial practice illegal.
The Affirmation of Sexual Orientation, Gender Identity, and Gender Expression Bill was unanimously supported by MPs in the Maltese Parliament on Monday.
The bill labeled it “deceptive and harmful” and any medical professional practicing or advertising the controversial therapy will be fined up to $5,000 or jailed for up to five years.
👏👏👏 Malta passes law to jail any 'doctor' who attempts to prescribe 'gay cures' 👏👏👏 https://t.co/uYuXSOEiP3#LGBT — Eric Rosswood (@LGBT_Activist) December 6, 2016
Gay conversion therapy attempts to “cure” a person's sexual orientation to heterosexual through various methods including inducing vomiting, shaming and even electric shock therapy.
The bill also states no sexual orientation or gender identity can be considered a disorder or shortcoming of any kind, and that anyone sixteen or older can undergo gender reassignment without a court order or parental approval, the Times of Malta reported.
Malta is the best European country for LGBT equality, according to the International Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Trans and Intersex Association.
Bravo #malta for being the 1st european country to ban gay conversion therapy! 👍💪🏼🌈❤️ #lgbt#bantherapy — Jazzmin Dian Moore (@jazzmin_d_moore) December 6, 2016
Malta Chamber of Psychologists welcomed the decision, describing the practice as “inhumane.”
“The Malta Chamber of Psychologists (MCP), The Maltese Association of Psychiatry (MAP), The Malta Association of Family Therapy & Systemic Practice (MAFT–SP), as well as the Malta Association for the Counselling Profession (MACP) are together, very proud to have played an integral part in the drafting of this bill ... which openly disapproves of practices which are harmful to people in our community,” it said.
In the US, five states have banned the practice, but a bill named after vice president-elect Mike Pence has been introduced to ban the therapy in New York's Erie County.
Pence openly supported gay conversion therapy to “cure” LGBT youths in 2000 and in October confirmed he would roll back President Barack Obama's executive protections of LGBT rights.
“Washington DC has no business imposing its bill and its values on communities around the nation,” he said.
The Prevention of Emotional Neglect and Childhood Endangerment (PENCE) bill was introduced by New York legislator Patrick Burke, who hopes to raise awareness about Pence's anti-LGBT past.
“Mike Pence is probably going to have the most power of any vice president in the history of our country and he has openly advocated for conversion therapy,” he explained. “I want that to sink into people. I want them to realise it's a serious issue of abuse of children flatly, whether they are gay or not, it's abuse.”
Canada's Men's U-17 Team has been handed a very challenging group as they look to qualify for their third-straight FIFA U-17 World Cup.
In order to achieve that feat, Canada will have to navigate a group at the 2015 CONCACAF Under-17 Championships containing Panama, Mexico, Costa Rica, Haiti, and St. Lucia. It's a new format of six-team groups where the group winner goes to the tournament final and the second and third placed teams crossover with the other group to playoff for the final FIFA U-17 World Cup berths.
WATCH the CONCACAF Under-17 Championship Official Draw
“It's a difficult group. You have the two top Central American countries that qualified and, of course Mexico, as well,” said Head Coach Sean Fleming. “Haiti has come into these tournaments in the past and has done very well. Our first game is against Haiti and it's very important in this tournament that you get off to a good start so we've got to hope that we can do that.”
The four teams that will represent CONCACAF at the FIFA U-17 World Cup Chile 2015 will certainly have earned those spots as the teams who qualify will play six games total, all in the span of just over two weeks.
The new format is grueling but will reward the best teams who have the most depth, as managing players' fatigue will be paramount.
“I can see why they've done it. It's five games in a very pressure-packed environment and you have to get the results so it's great. The other side of it is you're going to be playing five games in approximately 10 to 11 days,” said Fleming. “The conditions will be challenging but these are all things all teams will have to deal with and we'll have to be sure we have our depth on our team now.”
Canada opens play on 28 February against Haiti. Three days later they're back at it against Costa Rica. They then wrap up group play with games against Mexico, St. Lucia, and Panama.
Group A is set to feature host Honduras, along with Jamaica, Trinidad & Tobago, USA, Cuba, in addition to a third qualifying nation from Central America, to be determined in a January playoff between El Salvador and Guatemala.
All games will be played at the Estadio Francisco Morazan in San Pedro Sula, HON.
Canada will be looking for their third straight berth at a FIFA U-17 World Cup.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney.com) -- For years, bad loans and their aftershocks have been sending homeowners into foreclosure. Now it's lost jobs that are putting troubled borrowers over the edge.
As the economy tanks, unemployment is the major factor driving a much larger proportion of foreclosures now than in the earlier stages of the mortgage meltdown.
In June, 45.5% of all delinquencies reported by Freddie Mac (FRE, Fortune 500) were due to unemployment or the loss of income, according to the company. That's an increase from 36.3% in 2006.
"The two economic factors that most contribute to foreclosures are falling home prices and rising unemployment," said Richard DeKaser, chief economist for National City Corp (NCC, Fortune 500). "It's hard to pay your mortgage when you don't have a job."
And that's a situation that more and more people are finding themselves in. Nearly one million Americans have lost their jobs in 2008. The Bureau of Labor Statistics reported in early October that 159,000 private sector jobs were lost in September, and on Friday, economists expect the BLS to report that 200,000 jobs were lost in October.
"The rise in job losses will increase and extend the delinquency trend," said Doug Duncan, the chief economist for mortgage giant Fannie Mae (FNM, Fortune 500). Foreclosures spiked 71% in September alone according to RealtyTrac.
A double whammy
Chris Berio of Long Island, N.Y., worked in two industries that have been hit particularly hard by layoffs. During the boom he worked in construction as a steam fitter, while also moonlighting as a mortgage broker. Berio, 28, was very confident when he bought a $350,000 fixer-upper in Deer Park in 2006 and took an 11% mortgage to finance it.
In 2007, he lost both of his jobs in quick succession. "I went from making good money to nothing," said the married father of two. Berio was one of the lucky ones: His mortgage was modified in September and its interest rate reduced to 5%.
"The number of people we're helping has tripled," said Sal Pane, founder of the for-profit Amerimod Modification Agency, which helped Berio. "And much of the increase in our business is due to job loss."
Berio has found a new job in what should be a growth industry for years: He's become a foreclosure prevention counselor.
Of course the housing crisis is driving unemployment, which in turn has exacerbated the housing crisis - particularly in bubble states like Florida, Nevada and Arizona.
The unemployment rate in Florida was just 3.3% in May 2006, when the subprime crisis began to emerge - far below the national average of 4.7% at the time. Today Florida's rate stands at 6.6%, well above the current national average of 6.1%
Jacksonville, Fla., resident Paula Seabrooks lost her mortgage brokerage company this year in the wake of the Florida economy's deterioration. She has worked in the industry since 2001, first as a contract underwriter for companies such as Wells Fargo (WFC, Fortune 500). She then opened her own business. Her income dropped from nearly six figures in 2006 to less than $20,000 last year.
Seabrooks bought a $165,000 home in March 2006 and financed it with a hybrid adjustable-rate mortgage, which recently reset to 8.375% interest.
"I thought I'd be doing well," she said, "I took the low rate, intending to refinance within two years."
Seabrooks has a new job, but it pays only $38,000 a year. That is not nearly enough to afford her $1,400 monthly mortgage bill, much less make up the five months of missed payments and fees that now total about $11,000. She's seeking a loan modification with the help of counselors from the National Community Reinvestment Coalition.
Ironically, her new job involves handling applications from people seeking to refinance their own unaffordable mortgages into FHA-insured loans.
"Every other loan application I get, it seems, either the wife or the husband is unemployed," Seabrooks said.
Dark days in the Golden State
Like Florida, California has seen its economy devastated by the housing meltdown. Foreclosure prevention counselors now have far more clients seeking help because their jobs disappeared, rather than because their adjustable-rate mortgages are resetting.
Wes Lobo, a foreclosure counselor for the Community Housing and Credit Center in Chico, Calif., said that his last three clients on Wednesday were victims of job or income loss.
Lobo says that his clients are mostly middle-class Americans who have lost their jobs and exhausted their savings and investments and can't pay their bills.
One of his clients was employed for years by a used car dealer and had worked his way up to a management position. With auto sales way down, he got laid off and now can't pay his $240,000 mortgage or his $60,000 home equity loan.
With the auto industry on the ropes, his chances of finding work in his original line of work are diminishing. The unemployment rate in the Chico metro area has climbed to 8.1%, up two percentage points over the past 12 months.
If that keeps up, more Chico homeowners will be visiting both the unemployment office and their local foreclosure prevention counselors.
Japanese authorities today deported to China a man who identified himself as the son of the North Korean leader, Kim Jong Il, after the man was caught trying to enter the country on a passport from the Dominican Republic.
[The man, whom officials have refused to identify, was taken in a police van with a patrol car escort to Narita International Airport, just outside Tokyo, from a nearby immigration office. He had been detained since Tuesday.
Under heavy security, he was put on an All Nippon Airways flight to Beijing. The plane took off at 10:54 a.m.]
The man, who said he was Kim Jong Nam, the 29-year-old eldest son and heir apparent to the North Korean leader, arrived in Japan on Tuesday aboard a Japan Airlines flight from Singapore. He was traveling under the name Pang Xiong and was accompanied by three people who are believed to be relatives -- two women ages 33 and 30, and a 4-year-old boy whom the man reportedly wanted to take to Tokyo Disneyland.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
[North Korea had not made any statement about the incident as of this morning.]
The Japanese government has refused to say if the man had positively been identified as Mr. Kim, which could be a major embarrassment for the North Korean government and a delicate diplomatic test for Japan's new leader, Junichiro Koizumi. The two countries have no diplomatic relations, and normalization talks between them have been stalled for months.
Crytek is once again facing complaints that it isn't paying its workers, with some alleging they have not seen a paycheck in more than a month.
The complaints have The complaints have appeared on social media and have spread through Reddit, all alleging delays and irregularities in meeting payroll over the past six months. In some cases, workers say they currently have not been paid in more than a month.
A person saying he is a current full-time employee contacted Polygon to say that Crytek employees have not been paid for two months, and in the preceding five, pay had been regularly delayed by two to four weeks.
Polygon has reached out to a U.S.-based representative of Crytek, which is headquartered in Germany, for a statement about the allegations.
In 2014, Crytek tottered at the edge of insolvency, requiring a dramatic reorganization, the sale of assets and studios, and the delay of paychecks to workers. Cevat Yerli, the Crytek CEO, In 2014, Crytek tottered at the edge of insolvency, requiring a dramatic reorganization, the sale of assets and studios, and the delay of paychecks to workers. Cevat Yerli, the Crytek CEO, acknowledged that the company missed making its payroll ; Crytek had done so to keep itself out of bankruptcy, he said.
Yet Crytek still lopped off about 200 jobs from its workforce of 700 and Yet Crytek still lopped off about 200 jobs from its workforce of 700 and unloaded both Homefront: The Revolution and the U.K. studio making it to Deep Silver. The studio renamed itself Dambuster Studios, an oblique reference to British air strikes on Germany during World War II.
The current complaints come from Crytek's main studio in Frankfurt. "Salaries not arriving on time since last 6 months with no heads-up from the management nor the owners," The current complaints come from Crytek's main studio in Frankfurt. "Salaries not arriving on time since last 6 months with no heads-up from the management nor the owners," reads one at Glassdoor , a portal for people seeking work and employers looking to hire. "Every time is the 'last time.' No apologies or explanations were offered."
That employee says that "the founding brothers, [Cevat, Avni and Faruk Yerli] finally decided to address this issue on a company meeting, but dodged all the specific questions and promised that 'the situation' is now resolved once and for all." The complaint was dated Oct. 9.
The most recent complaint on the site, coming from a programmer in Frankfurt, The most recent complaint on the site, coming from a programmer in Frankfurt, is dated Nov. 28 and alleges that "Money for October will not be paid until sometime early December."
A message Arena of Fate . A message posted as an image to Imgur said the pay crisis affects all of Crytek's studios, not just the Frankfurt HQ. Crytek has six other subsidiaries. This report , citing unnamed sources, said Crytek is looking to sell its Bulgarian studio, Crytek Black Sea, the makers of the free-to-play MOBAArena of Fate
The Canadian Press
REXTON, N.B. -- The RCMP say dozens of people were arrested after Molotov cocktails were thrown at officers and police vehicles torched Thursday when they began enforcing an injunction to end an ongoing demonstration against shale gas exploration in eastern New Brunswick.
"I'm just happy nobody got killed today," said 36-year-old Lori Simon of the Elsipogtog (ell-see-book-took) First Nation.
Simon went to survey the damage of burnt police cruisers after the protest in Rexton calmed down.
"My heart was aching. I just wanted to cry."
Donald Sanipass, 34, hopped up on the hood of one of the police cars, saying he wasn't surprised the situation escalated.
"I knew it was going to come to this because the government doesn't want to listen to the people," Sanipass said, who attended the scene with Simon. "They didn't handle this right at all."
Const. Jullie Rogers-Marsh said at least five RCMP vehicles were destroyed after they were set ablaze and at least one shot was fired by someone other than a police officer at the site of the protest.
"The RCMP has worked diligently with all parties involved in hopes for a peaceful resolution. Those efforts have not been successful," Rogers-Marsh said.
"Tensions were rising."
The Mounties said at least 40 people were arrested for firearms offences, threats, intimidation, mischief and violating the court-ordered injunction.
The RCMP began enforcing the injunction at around 7:30 a.m. to end the blockade of a compound where energy company SWN Resources stores exploration equipment. Route 134 at Rexton and Route 11 between Richibucto and Sainte-Anne-de-Kent were closed to traffic for about 12 hours and schools in the area were closed early for the day after they were locked down as a precaution.
Rogers-Marsh said police decided to enforce the injunction because threats had been made against private security guards at the site the night before. She wouldn't reveal what tactics police were using to contain the crowd and refused to comment on reports that officers had fired rubber bullets.
Robert Levi, a councillor with the Elsipogtog First Nation, said he went to the protest site early Thursday after hearing the RCMP had moved in to begin enforcing the injunction.
Levi said police pepper-sprayed dozens of people after 9:30 a.m. when he arrived with the chief and council.
"They sprayed the crowd that was there," he said in an interview. "The chief was manhandled a little bit and all hell broke loose."
Hours later, he was arrested as was Elsipogtog Chief Arren Sock, he said in a subsequent interview Thursday night. Levi said there was a meeting planned with Premier David Alward for Friday.
The RCMP blocked Route 134 on Sept. 29 after a protest began spilling onto the road. Protesters subsequently cut down trees that were placed across another part of the road, blocking the entrance to the compound.
The protesters, who include members of the Elsipogtog First Nation, want SWN Resources to stop seismic testing and leave the province.
Alward called for a peaceful resolution to the protest, saying the violence that erupted Thursday was "very troubling."
"In no way can we as a country of laws condone the breaking of laws and violence," Alward said in Moncton, N.B.
"I fully support the work that the RCMP do to ensure that the laws of New Brunswick are protected."
The government's position that a shale gas industry can be developed in the province as long as it is done sustainably and safely has not wavered as a result of the protest, the Progressive Conservative premier added.
"We believe in the responsible development of our natural resources. The company has been following the regulations of New Brunswick."
Last week, Alward and Sock agreed to set up a working group to find a resolution after meetings were held in Fredericton and Moncton. At the time, Sock said there were still many details to be worked out.
Liberal Opposition Leader Brian Gallant urged the sides to resume talks to try to end the dispute.
"There is much angst and anxiety at the protest site and in the surrounding communities," he said in a statement. "The dialogue must immediately resume in order to resolve the differences that have arisen."
Shawn Atleo, national chief of the Assembly of First Nations, wrote letters to Sock and Alward expressing his support for Elsipogtog.
"The images and actions we have seen and that have been reported are deeply disturbing and completely unacceptable," Atleo said in his letter to Alward.
"I call upon you to take all actions to immediately cease this intervention and restore dialogue with leadership."
First Nations communities elsewhere in the country also held protests in solidarity with Elsipogtog.
Assistant commissioner Roger Brown, the commanding officer for the RCMP in New Brunswick, said last week he was disappointed that discussions between the provincial government and the First Nation had failed to resolve the issue. He said the Mounties would take a measured approach to resolving the situation.
Opponents of the shale gas sector say the process used to extract the resource -- hydraulic fracturing, also known as fracking -- could pollute drinking water. But proponents of the industry say such concerns are overblown and don't take into account the possibility of replacing coal and oil with cleaner burning natural gas.
An Iranian woman shows US dealers in a currency exchange office in a shopping center in Tehran on December 22, 2010. The Iranian currency, the Rial, was trading at 15,800 to the dollar -- its lowest point ever, and an indication of the fragility of the economy as ramped-up Western sanctions a bit as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad put the currency slide down to "rumours" started by profiteers and sought to reassure the public that the economy was "stable and calm," in a speech broadcast on state television. AFP PHOTO/ATTA KENARE (Photo credit should read ATTA KENARE/AFP/Getty Images) Credit: ATTA KENARE/AFP/Getty Images
— District of Columbia officials are weighing how to handle an expected $400 million budget surplus from the 2012 fiscal year.
D.C. Councilman Jack Evans has said any surplus should be added to the district's rainy-day fund to build its balance toward $1.6 billion. The city already has $1.2 billion in cash reserves.
The Washington Examiner reports that adding another $400 million to the D.C. savings account would place the district among the top 10 in the nation, if it were a state.
Norton Francis, a researcher at the Urban-Brookings Tax Policy Institute says that balance is a little high for normal times, unless there's a serious threat to a state's revenue.
The reserve fund can help protect the city if there's a sudden downturn or cut in federal spending.
Follow WNEW on Twitter.
(© Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
The following is an edited excerpt of chapter three, “God in the Hands of Angry People” from the new book Our Great Big American God: A Short History of Our Ever-Growing Deity by author, blogger, and Daily Beast contributor Matthew Paul Turner. In Our Great Big American God, Turner explores the complex relationship between God and America—from the Puritans to Billy Graham—highlighting the people, theologies, and events that have altered, manipulated, and edited the story of God.
***
On the eve of the 18th century, America and God were in trouble. That's hardly shocking, since God and America are always in trouble. One of the common themes throughout America's Christian history is that God and America are usually sleeping in separate bedrooms. And it's always America's fault.
However, as you may know or have experienced, America's God always provides an answer, or at the very least he provides a man who's convinced he knows the answer. In 1703, God provided the latter. He created Jonathan Edwards, a minister far too intelligent for his own good.
When Edwards was 9 years old, he possessed an enthralling passion for God. “My sense of divine things gradually increased,” he wrote in his diary, “and became more and more lively, and had more of that inward sweetness.” That's how Edwards described the astute spirituality of his youth, like a man destined to become the 18th century's Captain Kangaroo. Nonetheless, that “inward sweetness” awakened the future preacher to a rather uncommon youthful aptitude for holiness.
Shortly after his ninth birthday, Edwards experienced a “season of awakening.” That moment left a lasting impression on the prodigy. For months, young Edwards prayed in secret five times a day. He engaged his friends in conversations about God, even assembling groups for meetings of prayer and Bible study. “My mind was much engaged in it,” he wrote. But much to his and God's chagrin, the poor kid soon “lost all of those affections and delights” and, as he put it, “returned like a dog to its vomit.”
Eventually, God's last Puritan, as many consider him, turned away from his own retch and back to the things of God.
***
Jonathan Edwards is one of the most misunderstood individuals in American history. Some people praise him for his near-divine understanding of God, while others loathe him for personifying everything they hate about American Christianity. He was a complex individual. But those who play leading roles in the drama of American Christianity usually are complicated creatures.
Prior to Edwards's gambling his career for the topic of hell, his words and wisdom helped people see God. And what a God it was, too. Compared to the God that most Americans were subject to at the time, Edwards's God was glorious, full of beauty, and seemingly uninterested in making people feel insecure. Edwards was a mystic, a man who didn't simply write or preach about God, he experienced him.
“And as I was walking there,” he wrote after having a spiritual vision, “and looked up on the sky and clouds; there came into my mind, a sweet sense of the glorious majesty and grace of God, that I know not how to express.”
How Edwards described God's acclaim was unlike most before him, melding conservative theology with mystical revelations, spiritual pluses he called “the river of God's pleasures.” Edwards's skill with words helped him launch the 18th century's “New Calvinism,” a born-again message that not only paid respect to the rich doctrine of John Calvin, but regenerated a lust within people to know God, feel God, and become moved to pursue living everyday holiness.
During his early tenure at his church in Northampton, Edwards became concerned about his town's youth and their carelessness about spiritual matters. “Licentious and immoral practices seem to get great head amongst young people,” he preached.
In the spring of 1734, the untimely death of a young man became a catalyst for Edwards to reach Northampton's youth. At the young man's funeral, Edwards preached a sermon that, for him, turned into a memorial service for every soul in attendance:
“Consider, if you should die in youth… when others stand by your bedside and see you gasping and breathing your last or… see you put into the coffin and behold the awful visage which death has given you, how shocking will it be to them to think this is the person that used to be so vain and frothy in conversation. This is he that was so lewd a companion. This is he that used to spend of his time in his leisure hours so much in frolicking.”
Believe it or not, those dark words knocked 'em dead, which was exactly his intention. Later, Edwards noted that many of his youngest members “clearly exemplified” what he called the universal holiness of life.
The more spiritual successes that Edwards experienced, the more he seemed to intentionally infuse his sermons with language deemed to move a person's emotional center—their souls—to spiritually and physically respond.
Edwards called these responses “the Affections,” bodily manifestations that he describes in such a way that they sound more like symptoms caused by zombie bites than the Spirit of God. “The children there were very generally and greatly affected with the warnings and counsels that were given them,” he once wrote after having taught the children of his church, “the room was filled with cries: and when they were dismissed, they, almost all of them, went home crying aloud through the streets, to all parts of the town.”
After engaging the youngest children, Edwards tested his words on the 16- to 26-year-olds. That gathering, like the others, also went better than he expected. By the time he finished talking, the Affections were everywhere. “Many seemed to be very greatly and most agreeably affected,” Edwards wrote. “[They were feeling] humility, self-condemnation, self-abhorrence.”
Edwards recorded numerous events in which results included some combination of fainting, convulsions, seizures, distress, love, trembling, groans, agonies of body, humility, the failing of bodily strength, and terrible, heartwrenching outcries of terror.
And yet, without question, Edwards saw that it was all good.
***
On July 8, Edwards traveled to the town of Enfield, Connecticut. He'd been invited to preach because some of Enfield's holier residents were concerned that the Affections had as of yet passed over their town like the angel of death. According to one of the concerned few, the most they'd managed to muster out of their local heathens was some “considerable crying among the people” and a bit of “screeching in the streets.” That simply wasn't good enough. They wanted the people of their town to experience whatever was happening in places like Suffield, Longmeadow, and Coventry, locations where the Affections had hit people like an atom bomb and proceeded to induce seizures, night sweats, and fits of rage. So they contacted Edwards and assigned to him a clear mission: Bring the Affections to Enfield.
Chances are, upon receiving his marching orders, Edwards knew which sermon he was going to preach, an effective number he'd delivered once before called “Sinners in the Hands of an Angry God.”
With a calm demeanor, Edwards told the people of Enfield that God stood ready to toss their meaningless sin-ridden souls into a black hole of fiery torment, a terrible place where Satan waited and gleefully pined for the chance to manifest his dominion over their bodies. The picture that Edwards painted was horrendous and frightening, a duty he performed with ease, as if he'd gone on a field trip to hell a couple days before with his kids, witnessed its horror, and on the way home stopped at Olive Garden. But that's how Edwards viewed hell, as if it were a geographical location. His words brought hell to life, making it real, tangible, and terrifying, like France or New Jersey or a Carnival cruise to Cozumel.
In his book Erasing Hell, Francis Chan, one of evangelicalism's well-loved Bible teachers, writes, “God is love, but [God] also defines what love is. We don't have the license to define love according to our standards.” If Chan is correct, this is how Jonathan Edwards defined the love of God in 1741:
“The God that holds you over the pit of Hell, much as one holds a spider, or some loathsome insect, over the fire, abhors you, and is dreadfully provoked; his wrath towards you burns like fire; he looks upon you as worthy of nothing else, but to be cast into the fire; he is of purer eyes than to bear to have you in his sight; you are ten thousand times so abominable in his eyes as the most hateful venomous serpent is in ours. You have offended him infinitely more than ever a stubborn rebel did his prince: and yet 'tis nothing but his hand that holds you from falling into the fire every moment: 'tis to be ascribed to nothing else, that you did not go to Hell the last night… but that God's hand has held you up: there is no other reason to be given why you han't gone to Hell since you have sat here in the house of God, provoking his pure eyes by your sinful wicked manner of attending his solemn worship: yea, there is nothing else that is to be given as a reason why you don't have this very moment drop down into Hell. Oh sinner! Consider the fearful danger you are in.”
Even in context, taking on the presence of an individual from Enfield, Connecticut, in 1741, this prose was a vile, reprehensible excuse for a sermon. Nevertheless, for Edwards, the presentation was a success. The Affections fell over the crowd that night. In fact, Edwards's words caused such a ruckus that he wasn't able to finish his sermon. The one slightly hopeful line at the end didn't even get spoken. Instead, the residents of Enfield were left dangling like spiders over the pits of hell that night, overcome with the spirit of Edwards's “Affections.”
***
One day God will officially survive Jonathan Edwards. Some might argue that he doesn't have to. But that, quite honestly, undermines the roles that humanity plays in telling and defining God's story. While it's unfair to pigeonhole Edwards simply as a mean, hell-obsessed preacher, it's also impossible to separate his more Affections-driven banter from the richer, more heartfelt theologies that he was also known for writing and preaching.
Throughout his career, Edwards's greatest battle was an inward struggle with self-glorification; he once wrote that he was “greatly afflicted with a proud and self-righteous spirit.” Comparing pride to a serpent, he admitted—and was confronted by others—that his pride was constantly “rising and putting forth its head, continually, everywhere.”
Jonathan Edwards changed the story of America's God. He changed how the people of his time engaged God, editing a theology that was often portrayed harshly and dogmatically. He made strides to shape it with words into an almost beloved relationship between a grandiose God and a broken and depraved American heart. His words set the stage for what would become a steady foundation for America's God to revolt against the Old World and bring about revolution. Historian Perry Miller suggests that America's Enlightenment began and ended with Jonathan Edwards. And Edwards played a most defining role in bridging the space between Puritanism and what would eventually become American evangelicalism.
It was Edwards's talent as a writer that, on one hand, makes him unforgettably important to so many still today. Preachers like John Piper, Tim Keller, Mark Driscoll, and others wouldn't have much to write or preach about without Edwards dedicating the majority of his existence to literally emoting his version of John Calvin's God onto the page. But it's that same talent, that profound ability to create rich imagery with sentences and paragraphs, that would ultimately backfire on him. Rather than his gift becoming defined by his thoughts on God's glory or God's beauty, Edwards's words helped to Americanize God's hell, turning this country's doctrines about fire and brimstone into HELLTM, an idea that would eventually become a method for introducing millions to God.
Excerpted from Our Great Big American God by Matthew Paul Turner. Used with permission from Jericho Books, a division of Hachette Book Group, Inc. See book for notes and attributions of quotes.
Florida swept Arkansas for the third time in school history and the first time under Kevin O'Sullivan .
. The Gators' last sweep of the Hogs came in 2001 in Gainesville (7-4, 8-4, 4-1) and they last swept Arkansas in Fayetteville during the 2000 season (8-7, 8-7, 7-4).
The series drew 26,884 to Baum Stadium over the three days.
Alex Faedo had 10 or more strikeouts for the third time this year (13 vs. Harvard on March 12 and 12 vs. Miami (FL) on Feb. 28).
had 10 or more strikeouts for the third time this year (13 vs. Harvard on March 12 and 12 vs. Miami (FL) on Feb. 28). Peter Alonso 's eighth homer of the season was the 17th of his career. Four of them have been three-run jobs.
eighth homer of the season was the 17th of his career. Four of them have been three-run jobs. Florida did not trail during the entire series.
The Gators drew nine walks today and were hit three times.
– No. 2 Florida used a five-run sixth inning and stellar pitching by sophomoreto defeat Arkansas, 8-2, on Saturday afternoon to finish a weekend sweep. The Gators (33-5/11-4 SEC) collected their first sweep of the Hogs (21-15/4-11 SEC) since 2001 and earned their first sweep at Baum Stadium since 2000. Arkansas had not been swept at home in SEC play since the 2010 season by South Carolina.Faedo (7-1) registered 10 strikeouts over 6.1 innings, allowing five hits and one run, to pick up the win. It was his third time this year reaching double-digits in strikeouts. Juniorwas hit by a pitch with the bases full in the sixth to bring home sophomore(2-for-3) with the game's opening run and junior(2-for-3) launched a three-run homer in the frame to help Florida wrap up a 4-0 week with its fourth straight triumph over the Hogs.Arkansas loaded the bases with none out in the second inning, only to have Faedo escape the jam. Sophomore Luke Bonfield drew a leadoff walk, junior Austin Catron singled into left center and senior Michael Bernal (3-for-3) walked to fill the sacks. Faedo jammed senior Rick Nomura on an infield fly, struck out sophomore Chad Spanberger and had a fielder's choice by senior Tucker Pennell force Catron at second base to keep the games scoreless.In the third, the Hogs put two runners aboard with one down but came away empty-handed. Freshman Eric Cole started the frame with a single into right center and junior Clark Eagan had a one-out base-hit in center field. Faedo responded by having Bonfield ground out and then fanned Catron.Florida broke through for five runs in the sixth inning to break the ice. Vasquez led off with a single into right field for the Gators' first hit against junior Zach Jackson (2-4). Freshmanfollowed with a walk and Jackson had sophomorefly out to left field. After a walk to freshmanloaded the bases, Reed was hit by a 3-2 pitch to bring across Vasquez with the game's initial run. Senior Doug Willey replaced Jackson (5.1 IP, 1 H, 4 R) and sophomorelofted a sacrifice fly into right field to bring home Maldonado. Alonso belted his team-leading eighth homer into the visiting bullpen for a 5-0 count.Liput boosted UF's lead to six runs with a two-out RBI single in the seventh that scored junior pinch runner. Juniorled off with a single but was caught stealing before Vasquez singled into right center. Guthrie was hit by a pitch with two down and Liput sliced a base-knock into right field to bring home Larson.Bernal started the Hogs' seventh with a double and Faedo had Nomura fly out to left field before being replaced by junior. Pennell delivered a two-out double into left field to put the hosts on the board.Larson drove in Schwarz with an infield single in the eighth for a 7-1 margin. Schwarz reached on an error to begin the inning and Alonso singled through the right side before a fielder's choice by freshmanerased Alonso and left runners on the corners. Rivera walked to load the bases and Larson's hit to shortstop brought in the Gators' seventh run. After Reed came home on a wild pitch by freshman Barrett Loseke in the ninth, junior Jake Arledge had a two-out RBI double to right field off of freshman(1.1 IP, 3 K) to complete the scoring.The Gators will host Jacksonville on Tuesday at 7 p.m. to complete the teams' two-game season series.andhave the call on the Gator IMG Sports Network and the game will be streamed on SEC Network+ through the ESPN app withand
Istanbul's firefighters won two Ultimate Firefighter titles in the 2017 World Police and Fire Games (WPFG) held in Los Angeles.
The firefighters secured a gold medal in the 35+ age group, and a second gold medal came in the individual class of the same age group.
Yasin Bilmez, who previously won a gold medal in the European Police and Fire Games, won the Ultimate Firefighter title in this year's competition.
Czech firefighters came second in the competition, while a team of American, Norwegian and German firefighters became third.
Istanbul firefighters won a total of 12 gold, 11 silver and nine bronze medals in this year's WPFG.
Raife Gülrü Gezer, Turkey's consul general to Los Angeles, welcomed the firefighters at the Turkish consulate and congratulated the team over their achievements.
Istanbul mayor Kadir Topbaş also congratulated the firefighters with a tweet.
"I congratulate our firefighters who won 12 gold, 11 silver and nine bronze medals in the WPFG in Los Angeles," the mayor tweeted.
The World Police and Fire Games is an international competition attended by over 10,000 athletes representing law enforcement, firefighters and officers from more than 70 countries across the world competing in 60 sports.
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT, BUFFALO: We come in peace, Buffalo. Us, telling our story to the Advertising Club of Buffalo tonight! Be there! Another blistering delivery of our spirited “Tall Tales From A Large Man” speaking fiasco, all a part of our DDC 2012 Fall Tour. We'll go anywhere, and when the opportunity came up to speak in Buffalo, we JUMPED at the chance. We love Buffalo!
Shit gets going at 7:00pm at the Pearl Street Grill & Brewery located at 76 Pearl Street! Bring a friend!
Here's the link to lock down that last-second ticket!
We're even on Buffalo.com! Check this!
- - - -
WE MADE A POSTER FOR YOU, BUFFALO: And tonight, we'll be offering them up at “Buffalo-only” prices! Another one of our “everything we love about a place” super posters, printed up by our Southern-fried, lifesaving, lifegiving buddies The Half and Half of Columbia, SC. You need one of these. No doubt about it, Buffalo. Everything we've ever loved about Buffalo, plus, a HEAVY DOSE OF AWESOMENESS, HISTORY AND LOVE from Buffalo's very own, one Noah Rothschild. The guy knows his shit, and helped us out BIG TIME on this one. Thanks, man! Killer recommendations!
Get one tonight at the show, and take it back to that Niagara Falls river shack, or that downtown Buffalo penthouse, or that halfway house, or prison cell, or Buffalo Bills locker room, or wherever you call home. So much Buffalo on this thing! Going fast! Act now. Way limited edition. Printed on French Construction “Steel Blue” poster paper. So nice. Thick inks. Tight registration. Rothschild-approved�„�. Fun for the whole family. Just for Buffalo. Filled with spirit. Smells like hot wings. Rolls up nicely. Get one! Do it.
If you're seeing this message, you won't be able to post a comment. I'm sorry, but to combat comment spam, we've had to resort to "hiding" the url to the comment script using javascript.
Name:
Email Address:
URL:
Comments: (you may use HTML tags for style)
Gov. Tom Wolf's decision to place a moratorium on Pennsylvania's death penalty halted executions, fulfilled a campaign promise and sparked outrage among the state's law enforcement agencies.
Wolf issued a temporary reprieve on execution warrants until he reviews an upcoming report on the state's death penalty, he said Friday. In a memo, he wrote that “both my duty as governor and my conscience require that I proceed with great caution, and with all relevant facts at hand.”
The decision irked police, prosecutors and statehouse Republicans, who accused Wolf of injecting personal views into the system. The Pennsylvania District Attorneys Association is reviewing its legal options against the decision, said Richard Long, executive director.
“We believe that the action they're taking is illegitimate,” Long said. “We're going to do everything in our power to compel the governor to uphold the law and its current structure.”
The Pennsylvania State Troopers Association noted the case of alleged cop killer Eric Frein, accused of gunning down state police Cpl. Byron Dickson and wounding Trooper Alex Douglass in September.
“Gov. Wolf's decision today is a travesty, because it prevents the commonwealth and the family of Cpl. Dickson from securing the penalty that is deserved,” the association said.
Though the state hasn't carried out an execution in 16 years, Pennsylvania's prison system houses 186 death row inmates.
Since the Legislature re-authorized capital punishment in 1978, governors have signed 434 death warrants. Three executions have happened since then.
“This moratorium is in no way an expression of sympathy for the guilty on death row, all of whom have been convicted of committing heinous crimes,” Wolf said. “This decision is based on a flawed system that has been proven to be an endless cycle of court proceedings, as well as ineffective, unjust and expensive.”
The five-page memo on his decision rattled off concerns including racial bias, a fallible appellate system and lack of legal defense resources. Such problems were motivating factors behind the Pennsylvania Task Force and Advisory Commission on Capital Punishment, formed by Senate resolution in 2011.
Wolf said the moratorium would stand “until this commission has produced its recommendation and all concerns are addressed satisfactorily.” He will not sign execution warrants, his office confirmed. His aides would not speculate when the report will be released.
Marc Bookman, director of the Atlantic Center for Capital Representation in Philadelphia, called Wolf's decision appropriate.
“It seems reasonable, when so many problems have been well-documented, to take a very careful look before we take the most extreme step of executing someone,” Bookman said.
State Rep. Ron Marsico, R-Dauphin County, chairman of the House Judiciary Committee and supporter of a “strong, fair death penalty,” called Wolf's action unauthorized.
“If he wants to repeal the death penalty, he should come to the Legislature and seek that repeal,” Marsico said in a news release. “I promise, though, that I will use the power of the House Judiciary Committee to oppose any such action. The victims and the surviving families of those victimized deserve nothing less.”
Wolf's announcement coincided with his granting a temporary reprieve to Terrance Williams, who was scheduled to be executed March 4. Williams was sentenced in 1986 in Philadelphia for the murder of Amos Norwood two years earlier.
Pennsylvania's last execution occurred in 1999. Gary Heidnik received the death penalty in 1988 for murdering two women he held captive and raped in his home. For his last meal, Heidnik drank two cups of black coffee and ate four slices of pizza. He was declared dead 29 minutes after the execution's 10 p.m. scheduled time.
In September, former Gov. Tom Corbett issued a stay to Hubert Michael Jr., sentenced to death for the 1994 murder of Trista Eng, 16, in York County. The Department of Corrections had difficulty obtaining the three-part chemical cocktail used for lethal injection.
Conditions and confinement will not change for death row inmates while the moratorium is in place, the governor's office said.
Housing the inmates on death row costs about $8 million a year. Capital case inmates cost about $43,000 to house annually, about $10,000 more than other inmates because of policies requiring extra guards when moving death row inmates from their cells to other places in prison.
Following Wolf's announcement, state Sen. Daylin Leach, D-Montgomery County, introduced legislation to repeal the death penalty. He called capital cases “a profound waste” of tax dollars and pointed to instances in which death row inmates have been exonerated.
“It is time for the United States to join the rest of the civilized world in ending the barbaric practice of having our government kill people,” Leach said.
Melissa Daniels is a Trib Total Media staff writer. Reach her at 412-380-8511 or mdaniels@tribweb.com.
The Washington Wizards could be getting two new alternate uniforms for the 2015-16 season, according to an image leaked on Reddit late on Wednesday night:
If you zoom in, you can see the Wizards are featured in two of the new designs:
The jersey on the left appears to be designed to for Chinese New Year, similar to designs the Warriors and Rockets have used in previous seasons. The jersey makes a lot of sense for the Wizards, since the Verizon Center is right in the heart of D.C.'s Chinatown area.
The jersey on the right is a modernization of the Bullets' funky, striped jerseys of the Wes Unseld/Elvin Hayes era, just this time around they'll be in the Wizards' red, white and blue and feature sleeves. These jerseys appear to be part of the NBA's Pride collection which feature very locally-based designs, like Portland's Rip City jerseys, or Charlotte's new Buzz City jersey.
It should be noted neither of these jerseys have been confirmed by the Wizards or the NBA as of yet, but Paul Lukas of Uni-Watch believes the leak is "probably legit" based on how the designs appear to sync up with previously released information about new jerseys for the upcoming season and the image's consistency with internal NBA documents.
If these are indeed new uniforms, they're solid additions to the Wizards rotation of uniform choices. The sleeved, striped jersey will probably be a little jarring to see at first, but it's a design that only a team like the Wizards can get away with because of their history with outside-the-box designs, so it's cool with us.
Two new screenshots have emerged for Afterlife Empire, the game being designed by Autobotika and the winner of The Fine Young Capitalists' Game Jam, Danielle Maiorino. One of the screenshots feature a look at the gameplay board for one of the levels, while another screenshot depicts /v/'s daughter, Vivian James, getting the wits scared out of her.
Autobotika has been teasing gamers with new content for Afterlife Empire via Twitter as they head toward the Steam Greenlight stage. The latest bit of media appetite whetting comes in the form of our first look at Vivian James actually in the game being scared. You can check out the image below.
While the the image above gives you a neat look at Vivian in the gameplay arena where the ghost is scaring her into a screaming frenzy, Autobotika also let loose a new image showcasing how the game will look with its user interface and map setup.
You can see the UI test below, which appears to be coming along quite nicely.
It's a pretty simple interface with a clean-cut design. I can dig it.
According to Maiorino, the game is moving along at a decent pace and should be heading to Steam Greenlight soon. Of course, in the world of game development things can turn around in an instance so don't hold your breath for too long just in case the game slips past the expected window and into April.
Also, in case you missed it, there's a brief image of the game's case and DVD. It looks like things are coming along real nice.
I'll keep you posted on when the first gameplay trailer arrives and when voting will begin once the game arrives on Steam Greenlight. For further updates and info feel free to follow Autobotika or Danielle on Twitter.
Close
Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ), a British intelligence and security agency is using Minecraft, a sandbox game enjoyed by almost 21 million people, to recruit talents for the cybersecurity industry. GCHQ launched Cyphinx to filter prospects and induce interest for a career in the field as part of the Cybersecurity Challenge UK.
Minecraft, a game developed by Mojang, which was purchased by Microsoft for $2.5 billion, allows players to build all kinds of things using blocks. The simple graphics and the open-world nature of the game attracted a lot of people, both adults and youngsters.
The game system and the massive community, along with the demographics it covered, provided the perfect environment for GCHQ to raise the Cyphinx skyscraper, which contains games that will test research skills and logic, and challenges involving cipher decryptions, data loss prevention and other daily tasks of cybersecurity professionals.
"The big thing missing from bringing talent into the industry was actually engaging the talent where they live, which is in the games world," said Jay Abbott, Cyphinx technical director, in an interview with WIRED. "It's designed to try and engage people who aren't even thinking about cybersecurity as a career."
Players will progress into further stages after completing the challenge they are in. The challenges completed and how the player performs inside the skyscraper will be used to build up a gamer's digital résumé. The games were developed by several cybersecurity firms within Europe.
Games within Cyphinx will also be used for the Cybersecurity Challenge UK, an outreach program targeted at kids in the UK. The games will serve as a measuring stick for children's cyber skills.
The move is in preparation for the forecasted shortage of cybersecurity professionals. According to a study published by (ISC)², the cybersecurity industry will lack an approximated 1.5 million personnel by 2020.
At the moment, Cyphinx challenges can only be played by users in Europe. The registration to gain access will fall under the Cybersecurity Challenge UK website.
Photo: Kenming Wang | Flickr
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports' Paul Myerberg breaks down the investigation of Heisman favorite Jameis Winston.
Florida State quarterback Jameis Winston (5) walks off the field last Saturday at Ben Hill Griffin Stadium after the Seminoles beat Florida. (Photo: Kim Klement, USA TODAY Sports)
TALLAHASSEE — Florida State quarterback Jameis Winston will not be charged after an investigation into an alleged sexual battery, State Attorney William Meggs said today.
"We have carefully examined the evidence in this case and have concluded no charges will be filed in this case," Meggs said Thursday. "We prosecute the cases that we have evidence on."
Winston had been under investigation since Nov. 13 in connection with the alleged Dec. 7, 2012 incident. The case did not reach the desk of the State Attorney William Meggs until nearly 11 months after the alleged incident, and only then after media outlets made public records requests to view the case file from the Tallahassee police.
"Obviously it would have been somewhat better if we had been involved a little bit earlier," Meggs said.
ANALYSIS: Heisman race could be settled
Winston's attorney Tim Jansen, who denied the allegation to USA TODAY Sports, said of Winston, "He was very happy. "I can say he gave me a hug. It was not relief, because he knew he didn't do anything."
Winston released a written statement through Jansen that read, "I want to thank my family, friends, coaches and teammates for standing by me during a difficult time.
"I also want to thank the State Attorney's Office for examining all of the facts and reaching a decision in a conclusive manner. It's been difficult to stay silent through this process, but I never lost faith in the truth and in who I am.
"I'm very relieved I'll be able to continue my education at Florida State and I'm excited I can now get back to helping our team achieve its goals."
The woman's attorney, Patricia Carroll, released the following statement in the wake of Meggs' announcement: "The victim and her family appreciate the State Attorney's efforts in attempting to conduct a proper investigation after an inordinate delay by the Tallahassee Police Department."
"The victim in this case had the courage to immediately report her rape to the police and she relied upon them to seek justice.
JANSEN: Winston "happy" with result
"The victim has grave concerns that her experience, as it unfolded in the public eye and through social media, will discourage other victims of rape from coming forward and reporting."
Winston, a redshirt freshman, has quarterbacked Florida State to the top of the Bowl Championship Series Standings and the No. 1 ranking in the USA TODAY Sports Coaches Poll and is considered the top contender to win the Heisman trophy on Dec. 14.
Florida State is scheduled to leave Tallahassee on Thursday night for Charlotte, site of Saturday's ACC Championship. Two days later at 5 p.m., Heisman trophy ballots are due.
VIDEO: NEWS CONFERENCE FOOTAGE
CLOSE FSU quarterback Jameis Winston learned today that he will not be charged with sexual battery in the alleged rape of a fellow student. VPC
Florida State's director of athletics, Stan Wilcox, said in a statement Thursday, "Based on this afternoon's announcement by the State Attorney, Jameis Winston's status as a Florida State University student athlete remains unchanged.
"We have been respectful, impartial, and fully cooperative in the legal process that has now run its course. I will have no further comment on this matter."
Winston submitted a DNA sample on Nov. 14, according to Jansen, and that sample turned up positive on Nov. 19, according to a Florida Department of Law Enforcement report. Winston's DNA was found in the woman's underwear, but another male's DNA was found on the woman's shorts.
Meggs said Thursday, "In the laboratory work that we did, there were DNA from males. One was identified as being Winston's DNA and the other was unknown. Had we proceeded to trial, having an unknown DNA in a sexual assault case would be a problem."
Meggs told USA TODAY Sports on Nov. 15 his office is supposed to review all sexual assault cases to ensure law enforcement agencies have properly investigated and collected evidence before deciding whether there's probable cause to make an arrest. He was unsure why that didn't happen in this case.
Asked Thursday whether police did not handle the case properly, Meggs said, "That will be something that others will have to decide. ... Obviously it would have been better if it had been handled differently earlier."
"We could have identified the suspect a lot earlier if other things had been done."
On Thursday acting Tallahassee police chief Tom Coe said in a statement, "The police reports that we can now release, because the case is closed, contain details of our investigation and facts of the case. Those reports document that our department took the case seriously, processed evidence and conducted an investigation based on information available at that time. The reports also show that, while the victim was unwilling to move forward with charges at that time, all evidence was preserved in the event she was willing to move forward at a later date.
"We take seriously the obligation to respond to any individual who wants to report a crime, regardless of who they are accusing. We also have an obligation to the accused to investigate to see if a crime actually occurred. That is our job. Likewise, we respect the authority of the State Attorney's Office to not only look at the evidence, but also conduct its own investigations, and support the decision the State Attorney has made in this case."
Meggs reopened the case Nov. 13 and assigned two investigators, though he acknowledged the 11-month lag time complicated matters. "It's not as easy as it would be if we were fresh on it, obviously, but it's not impossible," Meggs said on Nov. 15. "I think we're going to be able to reconstruct the events of that night."
On Nov. 20, the family of the alleged victim issued a statement identifying Winston as her assailant and criticizing the Tallahassee Police Department's handling of the investigation. The statement said a TPD detective working on the case warned the woman's attorney that she would be "raked over the coals" if she proceeded with the complaint.
On Nov. 21, Jansen told reporters he was not surprised by the results of the DNA test but said the interaction between his client and the alleged victim was "consensual."
The next day, the family of the alleged victim released a statement through their attorney questioning the timing and rationale behind comments Jansen and emphasizing that the alleged incident was not consensual. "To be clear, the victim did not consent," attorney Patricia Carroll wrote in the statement, issued to USA TODAY Sports and other media outlets. "This was a rape."
On Nov. 27, Tallahassee police released their account, in timeline form, of their handling of the alleged incident, one that countered statements by both attorneys.
Jansen said he had met with Meggs earlier that day "to speed things up", though Meggs said "absolutely nothing" was accomplished by Jansen's visit. Jansen expressed concern to USA TODAY Sports that the duration of the investigation could affect Winston's chances of winning the Heisman trophy, awarded annually to college football's most outstanding player.
On Thursday, shortly before Meggs' announcement, Tallahassee police released search warrants that detail the accusations toward Winston, warrants that did not include Winston's name.
Winston's Heisman candidacy has seemingly been unaffected by the investigation. When the State Attorney's inquiry launched, only 20% of Heisman voters surveyed by USA TODAY Sports said the existence of an investigation would affect their willingness to vote for Winston. And Winston's lead in USA TODAY Sports' weekly Heisman survey has grown every week since mid-November.
Florida State football coach Jimbo Fisher said in a statement Thursday, "As you might imagine, I was pleased to hear that the State Attorney's Office exonerated Jameis in the matter. I'm not going to answer any questions about the situation, but I would like to point out that our community and our university are blessed to have really good people in place to review matters like this.
"I know Jameis is pleased he can focus on being a student at a great university and he's excited about helping our team achieve its goals this year. Right now, we're all looking forward to what we have in front of us on Saturday."
Contributing: George Schroeder of USA TODAY Sports, Jennifer Portman, Jeff Burlew and Sean Rossman of The Tallahassee Democrat.
JAMEIS WINSTON'S CAREER HIGHLIGHTS
Bruno Senna on the step up for 2017 LMP2 aero
“One cool figure from these new LMP2 cars is that the Oreca in low drag trim has more downforce than we had in the sprint format in the older cars. The new cars are a big step forward in every area.”
Barrichello's Dash To Scrutineering
A security alert at Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport saw Rubens Barrichello running very late to make his scrutineering slot with Racing Team Nederland on Monday afternoon.
A combination of a hastily procured helicopter transfer and a pillion ride on a police motorcycle though saw the Brazilian ex F1 star delivered to the Place de la Republique just in time.
Khaled Al Qubaisi was another latecomer, business meetings at home in Abu Dhabi prevented his appearance as scheduled yesterday, he cleared the required admin and equipment checks today as did fellow late arrivals Felix Rosenqvist and Ho-Pin Tung, both inbound from the Formula E event in Berlin.
Ford's late replacement for the injured Sebastien Bourdais, Tony Kanaan meanwhile was absent on both days, the Brazilian IndyCar star was in Paris today undergoing the required rookie orientation course, including simulator time. He'll go through his admin and equipment checks at the circuit on Tuesday.
Breukers' Le Mans Debut is his 18th 24 Hour race start
19-year-old Rik Breukers will make his Le Mans 24 Hours debut on Saturday.
It won't though be his debut in the twice around the clock discipline. He already has 3 x each of 24H Dubai, Barcelona Silverstone and Paul Ricard on his cv together with a start apiece at Zolder, Slovakiaring, Brno and Spa plus a run in the 25 Hours of Spa Fun Cup!
That's 16 24 Hours races, and a 25-Hour race – with the biggest yet starting this weekend!
Risi's New Ferrari
Risi Competizione brought a brand new Ferrari 488 GTE chassis to the Test Day, the car effectively shaken down in the early running last Sunday.
No confirmation from the Porsche factory GT team meanwhile of the reason for one of their race cars running on the Le Mans airfield last week after the Test Day, and the later Bugatti circuit Test, were concluded.
Vaxiviere Confirmed With TDS
The appearance at Scrutineering of Matthieu Vaxiviere effectively ended any debate on the fast young Frenchman's recovery after sustaining a training injury which left him out of the running for the Spa WEC round and a planned run for Panis Barthez at the Monza ELMS race.
“It was just one of those stupid things, not a big jump, but my foot landed where there was a small hole and I fell,” he told DSC. “It did quite a bit of damage.”
He rejoins the #28 TDS Racing squad with Francois Perrodo and Manu Collard that scored a podium finish in the opening WEC race at Silverstone in April.
Keating Motorsport Putting on the Style
Ben Keating, Jeroen Bleekemolen and Ricky Taylor arrived at scrutineering with new ‘Tuxedo' style race suits.
Form an orderly queue ladies!
It's been a while since we at Noisey have kept up with Mr. Hopsin. Last we heard he was on a quasi-trip to find himself in Australia and is now in the midst of trying to bring back Freestyle Fridays. Needless to say, it's with great pleasure to say he's returned, now joining the illustrious ranks of food item-inspired artists—like but not limited to Eminem, Peaches, Korn, Limp Bizkit and Pearl Jam—as Hash Brown for his newest banger, “No Words.” And we can absolutely say this is probably—no, without a shadow of a doubt—his best song ever.
Now, most listeners will think this is a meta-commentary on the current state of rap but...you're wrong. It's really a love letter, a poor—we mean pour lean homage to the finer cadences of Future's DS2 with the trite and colourful gurrble-verses of Young Thug. This is what we've always wanted from you Hopsin, not the fringe/cringe hip-hop talking about pulling up pants or asking “Did the man who invented college/Go to college?” with Method Man's Tical-eye decor but dropping bars while drinking dirty soda out of seven styrofoam cups. You're now serving the base and man, this s**t hard.
The Consumer Product Safety Commission has just banned the sale of Buckyballs, those magic magnets that can be shaped any which way, because the balls are a serious health hazard for children. It's the first stop-sale order by the CPSC in 11 years.
Update: The CPSC contacted us saying that the CPSC is "actually suing the firm to stop sale and to issue a recall of the product." Which means, Buckyballs isn't banned quite yet. However, the CPSC is still moving forward with a lawsuit that is seeking a stop-sale of Buckyballs (its first stop-sale in 11 years).
Advertisement
Retailers like Amazon, Urban Outfitters and Brookstone have already agreed to stop selling Buckyballs (and similar products) and the CSPC has ordered distributor Maxfield and Oberton Holdings of New York to halt sales and issue refunds for the rare earth magnets. The CSPC said that Buckyballs are a "substantial product hazard" and are concerned by the injuries it causes to kids who swallow them:
"Notwithstanding the labeling, warnings and efforts taken by (Maxfield and Oberton), ingestion incidents continued to rise because warnings are ineffective"
Advertisement
When swallowed, the CSPC says that Buckyballs have the potential to pinch and trap intestines and require surgery to remove. Yikes! The CSPC had issued a health warning regarding Buckyballs last year but have decided today to move forward in shutting it down. Predictably, Buckyballs won't go down without a fight, Craig Zucker, CEO of Buckyballs, said that it'll "vigorously fight this action taken by President Obama's handpicked agency."
Them fighting words. In any case, if you see some Buckyballs lying around, snatch 'em up before they're gone. At the moment, it looks like Buckyballs is ducking the CSPC and still selling Buckyballs on its site. [USA Today, Reuters]
Dark, sad Mabel headcanon/ficlet time, and I mean dark, so I thought I should warn you in advance for those on whom such content has a negative effect.
A few years in the future, when the twins are seventeen, Mabel goes through a really bad spell of mental health. She's badly dissociating from reality again, and she's feeling the old guilt kicking back in. Dipper's been having nightmares again lately, and as she hears him moaning and groaning in his sleep every night, all she can think about is how much she feels it's her fault.
She thinks on how Dipper wouldn't be having nightmares if she hadn't made that one mistake, that he wouldn't have gone through three days of hell alone if she hadn't made that one mistake. And going down this path of thinking, it starts to tear her apart.
She's thinking about how much everyone suffered during Weirdmageddon, and she places all the blame squarely on herself. This combined with her dissociating makes her feel completely cut off from the world around her and especially her loved ones. Dipper notices how off she's feeling, notices how she can't even look him in the eye when they're in the same room together.
He notices how cut off she feels, and realises that her guilt and depression is flaring up again. He does everything he can to make her feel better, giving her a lot of affection and reassurances that he is real and that he doesn't blame her. Sadly, it doesn't help, Mabel keeps getting worse and worse until she can barely hold herself together. It all comes to a head when she locks herself in the bathroom one night with a knife, intending to end it all.
Dipper sees her and realises a moment too late what she intends to do. He slams his fists on the door as she closes and locks it, begging at the top of his lungs for her not to do it. Hearing him beg, it makes her hesitate, but all she can think about is how much better off she thinks he and everyone else would be without her, how much suffering she feels that she's caused, and she presses on, putting the blade to her skin. Dipper is repeatedly slamming his body into the door at this point, but she doesn't stop.
It's only when Dipper truly breaks down, sobbing on the other side of the door and saying over and over that he loves her, loves her more than anything, and eventually just begging her not to leave him, begging her to let him help her, that she halts. She bursts into tears hearing his desperation. She throws the knife away and runs to the door, unlocking it. Dipper bursts into the room and crushes her in the tightest hug he's ever given anyone.
The two of them collapse to the floor and for a very long time they just stay there, clinging to each other's shaking bodies and sobbing into each other's shoulders. Dipper, his voice cracking and broken, begs her to never do that ever again, and she promises that she won't. And she means it. It's just now dawning on her the enormity of what she was about to go through with, and she never wants to let it happen again. Her and Dipper don't sleep that night. Instead they sit in the living room watching TV, cuddled up on the couch with a blanket wrapped around them. Dipper made hot chocolate for both of them, but he's barely able to drink any.
Mabel on the other hand practically guzzles it down, feeling the heat of the drink spread through her. She's so relieved that she's still here, and for the first time in weeks, she feels real, and it's both wonderful and terrible all at the same time. All she knows is that for now, she wants nothing more than to stay wrapped up in her brother's warm embrace and watch shitty TV shows together. For the next several days, the two of them are barely out of each other's sight for more than a few minutes at a time. She still sees the fear in Dipper's eyes whenever she goes on her own, but she knows that he trusts her.
She's still feeling very off, with frequent bouts of depression and guilt, but at the very least she feels back to reality. She feels connected to her brother again, and god she's missed that feeling. She could handle everything else, but feeling disconnected and distant from the person she loves most was always unbearable. And now that she's back, she just wants to get away from this place, to be as far from home as she can get in some new and unfamiliar place, to just drive into the night for hours and not even know where she's going.
Because she knows that will make her feel alive, heading into the unknown, towards who knows what adventures. So that night, she and Dipper sneak out of the house and take their shared car, and just set off. Their parents will be worried sick, school will be furious with them, but right now they both need this. Where they're going, neither of them know. All they know is that they're going there together.
As they hit the freeway and speed along through the night, Mabel looks over to Dipper, and she smiles. He smiles back, and offers her his unoccupied hand. She takes it and they both squeeze comfortingly. Mabel leans back in her seat and lets out a deep, contented breath. She's going to be okay. They're both going to be okay.
Image shows a SpaceX rocket exploding (Screenshot)
An explosion destroyed a Falcon 9 rocket belonging to Elon Musk's SpaceX during routine test firing at Cape Canaveral in Florida on Thursday, shaking buildings miles (km) away and sending a thick plume of black smoke pouring into the air.
SpaceX said there were no injuries but that an “anomaly” during the static fire test resulted in the loss of the rocket and the Israeli communications satellite it had been due to carry into space at the weekend.
The large blast shook the launch pad leased by SpaceX at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station just after 9 a.m. ET.
People in buildings several miles from the facility wrote on social media that they felt the explosion, but local authorities said residents were not at risk.
“There is NO threat to general public from catastrophic abort during static test fire at SpaceX launch pad,” the Brevard County Emergency Management Office said in a tweet.
Robin Seemangal, a space reporter with the Observer newspaper, quoted a source at the facility who told him it felt like the building they were in had been hit by lightning.
“We actually thought the building was collapsing, it shook us so bad,” Seemangal wrote in a tweet, quoting his source.
SpaceX had been due to launch its 29th Falcon 9 rocket before dawn on Saturday, carrying into orbit the AMOS-6 communications satellite owned by Israel's Space Communication .
Facebook would have been among the customers for bandwidth on that satellite. The social media network said last year that, in partnership with Eutelsat Communications, it would boost data connectivity to large parts of Sub-Saharan Africa.
A Spacecom spokesman said in an email that the company “does not have a comment yet on the situation in Florida.”
Beijing Xinwei Technology Group has agreed to buy Spacecom for $285 million, the companies said last week. The companies had said the deal is contingent on the successful launch of the AMOS-6 satellite, and the completion of its in-orbit tests.
TESLA, SOLARCITY SHARES DOWN
It was not immediately known to what extent SpaceX's launch pad was damaged or what the impact would be on the dozens of NASA and commercial satellite missions on its launch schedule.
“NASA still is assessing what impacts, if any, the incident will have on future missions,” spokesman Michael Curie said in an email.
Shares of Musk's companies Tesla Motors and SolarCity were down 4 percent at $203.65 and 5.5 percent at $19.50 respectively in morning trade.
SpaceX said on Wednesday it had signed its first customer to use a previously flown Falcon 9 rocket, but that launch was not due until later this year and the rocket that exploded on Thursday had never been flown before.
SpaceX had recovered from a June 2015 launch accident that destroyed a load of cargo headed for the International Space Station.
The pad where SpaceX's rocket was being prepared for launch is one of two operated by the company. Its other site is at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.
SpaceX also has leased one of the old space shuttle launch pads at the Kennedy Space Center, adjacent to SpaceX's current launch site. A fourth U.S. site is under construction in Texas.
Musk founded SpaceX in 2002 with the goal of slashing launch costs to make travel to Mars affordable. The company plans to fly its first unmanned spacecraft to Mars in 2018 and send humans to Mars as early as 2024.
Musk is expected to unveil details of his Mars program at the International Astronautical Congress in Guadalajara, Mexico, next month.
SpaceX's major competitors are United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin and Boeing, and Europe's Arianespace.
(Editing by Daniel Wallis and Meredith Mazzilli)
Page 134 of 168
The
doctor cleared his throat with a quick little nervous cough he was in the habit of giving when deeply moved.
"Education, sir, is the development of that which _is_. Since the dawn of history the negro has owned the continent of Africa--rich beyond the dream of poet's fancy, crunching acres of diamonds beneath his bare black feet. Yet he never picked one up from the dust until a white man showed to him its glittering light. His land swarmed with powerful and docile animals, yet he never dreamed a harness, cart, or sled. A hunter by necessity, he never made an axe, spear, or arrowhead worth preserving beyond the moment of its use. He lived as an ox, content to graze for an hour. In a land of stone and timber he never sawed a foot of lumber, carved a block, or built a house save of broken sticks and mud. With league on league of ocean strand and miles of inland seas, for four thousand years he watched their surface ripple under the wind, heard the thunder of the surf on his beach, the howl of the storm over his head, gazed on the dim blue horizon calling him to worlds that lie beyond, and yet he never dreamed a sail! He lived as his fathers lived--stole his food, worked his wife, sold his children, ate his brother, content to drink, sing, dance, and sport as the ape!
"And this creature, half child, half animal, the sport of impulse, whim, and conceit, 'pleased with a rattle, tickled with a straw,' a being who,
left to his will, roams at night and sleeps in the day, whose speech knows no word of love, whose passions, once aroused, are as the fury of the tiger--they have set this thing to rule over the Southern people----"
The doctor sprang to his feet, his face livid, his eyes blazing with emotion. "Merciful God--it surpasses human belief!"
He sank exhausted in his chair, and, extending his hand in an eloquent gesture, continued:
"Surely, surely, sir, the people of the North are not mad? We can yet appeal to the conscience and the brain of our brethren of a common race?"
Stoneman was silent as if stunned. Deep down in his strange soul he was drunk with the joy of a triumphant vengeance he had carried locked in the depths of his being, yet the intensity of this man's suffering for a people's cause surprised and distressed him as all individual pain hurt him.
Dr. Cameron rose, stung by his silence and the consciousness of the hostility with which Stoneman had wrapped himself.
"Pardon my apparent rudeness, Doctor," he said at length, extending his hand. "The violence of your feeling stunned me for the moment. I'm obliged to you for speaking. I like a plain-spoken man. I am sorry to learn of the stupidity of the former military commandant in this town----"
"My personal wrongs, sir," the doctor broke in, "are nothing!"
"I am sorry, too, about these individual cases of suffering. They are the necessary incidents of a great upheaval. But may it not all come out right in the end? After the Dark Ages, day broke at last. We have the printing press, railroad, and telegraph--a revolution in human affairs. We may do in years what it took ages to do in the past. May not the black man speedily emerge? Who knows? An appeal to the North will be a waste of breath. This experiment is going to be made. It is written in the book of Fate. But I like you. Come to see me again."
CLOSE We rank all 14 teams of the Big Ten Conference, including Michigan and Michigan State, entering the 2017 college football season. By Brian Manzullo, DFP. Wochit
Michigan Wolverines coach Jim Harbaugh speaks with media at the Towsley Museum in Schembechler Hall in Ann Arbor, Aug. 11, 2017. (Photo: Junfu Han, Detroit Free Press)
Believe it or not, Jim Harbaugh and Michigan will have an updated football roster for the first time in 12 months.
And, apparently, it will be public.
Michigan has not provided an updated roster to the public since August 2016, just before the start of last season. At current moment, the team's official page on MGoBlue.com still features names, heights and weights from last season. So, the likes of Shane Morris, Devin Asiasi and several other players who have either graduated, transferred or departed the program still are listed.
After plenty of questions publicly and otherwise, Harbaugh addressed the topic Sunday via Twitter.
Final tryouts for roster spots on 2017 Michigan Football Team can start no earlier than 8/28. Roster to be determined & publicized on 8/30. — Coach Harbaugh (@CoachJim4UM) August 20, 2017
Michigan was the only Big Ten school at the league's media days last week without an updated roster. And, at this point, it may be the only school in America without a public update.
Last week, NJ Advance Media went as far as submitting Freedom of Information Act request for a formal roster.
Barring any surprises, Michigan should be right at its 85 scholarship limit for the 2017 season.
[Hello (again) Michigan beat: It's me, Nick Baumgardner]
Harbaugh explained last month at Big Ten media days in Chicago, just before the start of fall camp, that he still had some decisions to make as to who would be involved in preseason practices. Most of those decisions typically center around walk-on players.
Michigan considers Aug. 28 the start of its first official game week of the season. The Wolverines open the 2017 campaign against Florida on Sept. 2 in Texas.
Contact Nick Baumgardner: nbaumgardn@freepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @nickbaumgardner.
Download our Wolverines Xtra app for free on Apple and Android devices!
Google is easily the most dominant search engine in the world. And it's arguably the most influential Internet company.
So why, with Google going gangbusters, would company leaders decide that Eric Schmidt needs to step aside as its chief executive?
Outgoing Google CEO Eric Schmidt (Photo by Reuters)
That's one question that's bringing in a lot of different opinions among industry analysts and pundits in the blogosphere. While some say that Schmidt, with his too-frequent foot-in-the-mouth comments about privacy, might have worn out his top-dog welcome, others say the change represents a natural transition as company co-founder Larry page -- a little older and more seasoned now -- takes the reins.
But one analyst is speculating that Google is realigning itself to better take on recent rival Facebook.
"I was quite surprised," said Whit Andrews, an analyst at Gartner. "There certainly was nothing going on in the industry where people were saying something is coming. Google's results have been extraordinary. But they do face a unique and extraordinary challenge in Facebook, and that must be heeded in evaluating their long-term opportunity."
And even though Google has taken on some major challengers like software giant Microsoft, Andrews said Google obviously didn't think Schmidt was the right person to tackle this new foe.
"There is no making Facebook go away," he said. "Now, for the first time ever, Google will have to coexist. They clearly feel that Page is the man to accomplish that in the future."
News hit Thursday afternoon, during Google's 2010 fourth-quarter earnings report, that Page will take over as Google CEO in April from Schmidt, who will remain with the company as executive chairman.
While the company framed the change as an attempt to streamline Google's top-executive line, Schmidt himself said his new job will have him focusing on relations with customers, partners and government.
Rob Enderle, an analyst at Enderle Group, pointed out that Google co-founders Page and Sergey Brin had wanted Schmidt to act as the company's CEO out of the gate because they didn't feel they had the experience to do the role justice.
Larry Page, Google's co-founder, with CEO Eric Schmidt, right. Source: Reuters/Rick Wilking.
"You had a couple of guys out of college who didn't know how to run a company, so they [brought Schmidt in] so they didn't make any obvious mistakes and make investors uncomfortable," Enderle said. "Young companies often need an adult -- somebody who's experienced -- to initially run them, and then when the company hits maturity, the founders can take over."
However, he also said they kept Schmidt on in the company's top position too long.
Enderle said Schmidt has made several missteps over the past several years, including repeated controversial comments about users' privacy.
"It was very clear during the China brouhaha that Eric and Larry were on different pages," said Enderle, adding that he expects Schmidt to soon leave the company entirely.
"I think it became obvious to everybody that Larry [should] start running the company he created. The training wheels needed to come off," Enderle said.
But not everyone thinks that Schmidt had worn out his welcome.
"I don't necessarily see this as Schmidt being pushed aside," said Dan Olds, an analyst at Gabriel Consulting Group. "I think that it's mostly that Page and Brin have grown into their roles and that Google has cultivated their internal management."
Olds also noted that having Schmidt focus on government relations right now could be a good strategic move.
"I think that government relations are going to be increasingly critical to Google," Olds said. "The company has gotten more than a little attention on how they're using user data, and in some geographies, governments are getting involved. Google needs a heavy hitter to help guide, manage and hopefully quell this activity. Schmidt is that guy."
Brad Shimmin, an analyst at Current Analysis, noted that if Google was unhappy with Schmidt or the way he communicates with the press or public, the company wouldn't put him in a position where he'll be dealing with governments and major companies.
"I think, if anything, this reorganization puts Eric Schmidt in harms way in that he will be interfacing with the company's strategic partners," Shimmin said. "I think this stands as a definitive vote of confidence more than a move to insulate Eric from the outside world."
Shimmin added, "My feeling is that the move was amicable and something all three players have been looking forward to."
Sharon Gaudin covers the Internet and Web 2.0, emerging technologies, and desktop and laptop chips for Computerworld. Follow Sharon on Twitter at @sgaudin or subscribe to Sharon's RSS feed . Her e-mail address is sgaudin@computerworld.com.
The Egyptian government is pressing ahead with the first major expansion of the canal in almost 150 years, to allow ships to pass north and south concurrently, reports Telegraph.
The Suez Canal Area Development and the Second Suez Canal Projects are the most important drivers of economic recovery in Egypt and mark a turning point for a country that has been marred by continuing instability.
The project – which has been underwritten by Egyptians subscribing to around $8bn (£5.2bn) of canal investment certificates – will have a similar impact on the economy as the original route. The Egyptian public financed the new canal by investing $8.5bn in just eight days.
These two projects will transform several cities along the canal, as well as construct a new Suez Canal, and importantly will create hundreds of thousands of jobs over the next three to five years.
Egyptian president Abdel Fattah El Sisi said he hopes the Suez Canal expansion project will increase his country's foreign cash reserves during his meetings while on an official visit to China earlier this week. Egypt expects the expanded canal will bring in more $100 billion annually.
The canal, which links the Mediterranean and the Red Sea, is the fastest shipping route between Europe and Asia. It handles 7% of global sea-borne trade, and is one of Egypt's main sources of foreign currency income.
The new lane will allow two-way traffic in part of the canal, reducing transit and waiting times. Officials say it will double the capacity of the existing waterway and almost triple revenues in fewer than 10 years, from $5.3bn (£3.5bn) in 2014 to $13.2bn in 2023.
As well as building a second channel, Egypt plans to create a major logistics and shipping corridor alongside the canal banks.
Officials have dubbed the project "the Great Egyptian Dream", and the nation has bought into it - quite literally. The project will be "a rebirth" for Egypt, according to the Head of the Suez Canal Authority, Adm Mohab Mameesh.
Democratic Presidential hopeful Bernie Sanders took a break from yelling at clouds long enough to release his tax plan today, and it's, how should I put this...aggressive. Sanders proposes a top rate on individual income of a whopping 52%, which would be the highest since 1980, when tax rates topped out at 70% under Jimmy Carter.
While the 52% rate is reserved for those earning in excess of $10 million, less wealthy taxpayers are not immune to increases under the Sanders plan. For example, the top rate on someone earning $250,000 would increase from 33% under current law to 37% under Sanders, while someone earns $500,000 would see his top rate jump from 39.6% to 43%.
In addition, Sanders would do away with the preferential treatment long afforded capital gains and dividends, meaning those types of income would be taxed at the same rates as ordinary income for taxpayers earning in excess of $250,000. Under current law, the top rate on such income is 23.8%; as a result, a taxpayer who, for example, sells a business for $5 million of gain would pay $1.19 million in federal tax under current law, but would pay $2.4 million in federal tax under the Sanders plan (a rate of 48%).
Sanders would also limit the benefit of all itemized deductions to a 28% rate, meaning a taxpayer who earned $500,000, and was thus in Sanders' 43% bracket would effectively pay a 15% tax on deductions such as mortgage interest, state and local taxes, and charitable contributions.
These changes, when added to the revenue Sanders would generate by increasing the tax rate on the top 0.3% of estates, would raise an additional $235 billion in tax revenue annually.
A comparison of the rates proposed by Sanders to those under current law and the rates proposed by Republican candidate Donald Trump are illustrated in the following table. As you can see, the differences are dramatic.
Income Levels Current Law Trump Plan Sanders Plan $0-$18,550 10% 0% 10% $18,550-$75,300 15% 10% 15% $75,300-$151,900 25% 10%/20% 25% $151,900-$231,450 28% 20%/25% 28% $231,450-$413,350 33% 25% 37% $413,350-$466,950 35% 25% 37% $466,960-$500,000 39.6% 25% 37% $500,000-$2,000,000 39.6% 25% 43% $2,000,000-$10,000,000 39.6% 25% 48% $10,000,000 - Howard Stern 39.6% 25% 52%
And despite what the nation's late-night talk show hosts might have you think, Sanders wouldn't use the extra cash to get the nation's youth a decent haircut and some damn pants that fit; rather, the tax windfall would be used to pay for a federally-administered, single-payer healthcare plan. Sanders argues that his universal health care plan would save the U.S. $6 trillion over the next decade, while a family of four earning $50,000 would see its annual healthcare costs plummet from $6,200 to $466.
Sanders states that the Affordable Care Act was a "critically important step" towards a universal health care plan, which would seem to indicate that Sanders would not repeal the ACA. As a result, the top rate on ordinary income and long-term capital gains could actually climb as high as 55.8%.
Sanders has proven to have staying power, and promises to pose a serious threat to Hillary Clinton. We won't have to wait long to see how Clinton attacks the Sanders' tax plan, as the two are set for their next debate tonight.
follow along on Twitter @nittiaj
Bobby C. Billie was born in the Everglades, about a mile off of Tamiami Trail, in 1945. For years, that was all he knew of the world. Children planted pumpkins and corn, hunted deer or raccoons, and stuck their feet into alligator holes to see if turtles were hiding inside. No limbs were lost. Life was good.
One day, when Billie was about 5 years old, he remembers, the kids went "further and further and ran onto [the highway]. Chain gangs were cleaning up the side of the road. We looked at them – white and brown and black doing it – we didn't even know what we run into!"
Scared, the kids hid in a bush until their parents came home. "We said, 'We had no idea what that was!' They told us, 'OK, get in the car.' They took us to Miami, and we found out we are not the only ones living here."
Continue Reading
That's how Billie, now age 71, learned there was a world beyond the swamp. In the years that followed, he witnessed the founding of the Seminole and Miccosukee tribes. Today, he and just a few others stand out for having refused to join either one. They call themselves the Original Miccosukee Simanolee Nation Aboriginal People (sometimes called "the independents"). They insist that a treaty from the 1800s granted Indians all of Southwest Florida and beyond, and has never been superseded.
Billie has dedicated his life to standing up for environmental and indigenous causes. On March 20, he — along with other environmentalists and Miccosukee tribe members — will host a six-day, 80-mile "Walk for Future Generations" across the state. Along the way, nightly fireside chats with him offer a rare, intimate glimpse into a deeply private community.
Wearing a traditional patchwork shirt, with his shoulder-length gray hair swept back, he settles onto a bench in a park in Central Florida's Lake Placid to tell his story. His ancestors, he explains, taught him to revere seeds and plants and natural cycles; even ashes had a purpose.
"If they recognize me, the Seminole Tribe and Miccosukee tribes have no standing." Facebook
Twitter
More shares reddit email
But Tamiami Trail was built in the 1920s, effectively damming the flow of water in the River of Grass from north to south. Everglades National Park was established in 1949 and Big Cypress National Preserve in 1974.
The park service prohibited fires and instituted rules that ruined his people's way of farming. He vowed: "I'm not going to forgive you. I'm going to be challenging you as long as I'm on Earth."
Drunk hunters would shoot and endanger them, Billie says. So families came out of the deep swamp and moved to villages along the Trail. Job options were limited because they hadn't learned to speak English. His people had always honored an oral tradition. "In my time," Billie remembers, "they said even if I hold a pencil, they take my hand and slap it away." Billie never learned to read or write. He says English can never capture the true meaning of his language, i : laponki .
Around age 14, Billie got a job planting tomatoes with his grandparents for 50 cents a day. "We just, like, survived at that time, because we had to change our entire way of life," he says.
In the mid-1900s, the U.S. government encouraged indigenous people to organize and develop constitutions. According to author (and onetime running mate of Ralph Nader) Winona LaDuke, some of South Florida's indigenous people in 1957 opted to form the Seminole Tribe and become federally recognized. "Each person who signed up got 25 bucks and became eligible for various federal benefits."
Another group formed the Miccosukee Tribe separately in 1962.
Billie, however, found absurd the concept of needing to be recognized. "The seed come from corn; pumpkins come from pumpkins," he says. "Those things know who they are and what they are supposed to do. We already know who we are."
"I remember the political changes well," says Billie. There were "big meetings and big people from Washington there." He says his people were misled. "They thought they were securing their rights to live as they always had. My uncle started to go to night school. He started reading." He warned the elders that by signing the papers, they would give up their rights to the land. The Seminoles ended up with six reservation areas in Florida. The Miccosukees got several parcels and a lease to use 189,000 acres of the Everglades.
According to a State of Florida website, in 1970, the Indian Claims Commission awarded the Seminoles "(of both Oklahoma and Florida, collectively) $12,347,500 for the land taken from them by the U.S. military."
Billie remembers the day. "Lake Okeechobee was making a noise – a loud noise." A nephew asked, "Did you hear that?" They asked around, but no white people had heard it. An elder explained, "It's just letting you know something is going to happen." Then they saw in the newspaper that the settlement deal had been reached.
In the years that followed, tribes modernized. Kids went to school. Christian churches arose on reservations. The Seminoles led a nationwide effort to build bingo halls and casinos on Indian land. Miccosukees followed. The tribes became economic powerhouses. Nearly all natives enrolled in tribes. Enrolled members receive dividends from casino profits, reportedly as much as $10,000 a month.
Still, Billie resisted, maintaining instead that a treaty signed by President James Polk in the 1800s remains in effect and grants natives the rights to all of Southwest Florida and beyond. "All of the people on the reservation want to be white," he says. To some, "it's more important — the dollar, the nice car, nice house, restaurants — than God's gift."
via Spectrabusters.org
Years went by. Billie did odd jobs, married, had children, and divorced. (In a child support case, Billie testified in court, "We don't recognize the United States.")
"I'm a private person," he says. But "one day the message came... You are going to need to speak. The people are destroying nature."
Across the Atlantic Ocean lived Shannon Larsen, an environmentalist from Florida who had married and moved to Norway. There, Larsen, now age 71, remembers, "Something kept saying, 'Help! Help! Help!' " She felt called home, though she hadn't been in Florida for 16 years. Upon her return, she found polluted rivers and beaches. One day, she felt steered to the Brighton Indian Reservation on the north side of Lake Okeechobee. In a small shop, she explained her story. The clerk said, "See our medicine man. He's the one who handles these things."
Billie, the spiritual leader, first sent her away but then called her back. That was 1990. Since then, the two have worked together on environmental and Indian cultural issues. She helps him track legislation and draft responses. They have spoken out at park service meetings and legislative hearings. They have fought historians, archaeologists , and construction projects; Billie even filed as a plaintiff to stop construction on the sacred Miami Circle site in Brickell.
With Larsen transcribing, Billie has composed multipage – and rather poetic – letters to everyone from Barack Obama to Queen Elizabeth. When Florida in 2011 sought to commemorate the "discovery" of America, he dashed off a correction: European settlers "tortured and slaughtered our People ­— young or old, the women or the men, children or babies. They died for us... Columbus, Ponce de Leon, Pedro Menendez, Desoto, and the others should not be commemorated or celebrated. They were nothing more than cold-blooded, savage killers."
This year, in fighting a bill that would allow amateur collectors to keep artifacts, he wrote, "We tell you: Do not disturb the Spirits of the Water."
Last month, his priority was objecting to the Sabal Trail gas pipeline, proposed to run through 12 Florida counties. The prophecy has told him that part of Florida is going to break off and sink. He predicts an explosion along the gas line.
He says he feels alone in his struggle, but his niece Betty Osceola says there are "hundreds" who have foregone tribal membership. (She joined the Miccosukee Tribe in her 20s and now runs Buffalo Tiger airboats concession.) Sometimes agencies dismiss his opinion because his group is not federally recognized. It's politically tricky, he says: "If they recognize me, the Seminole Tribe and Miccosukee tribes have no standing."
These days, Billie says, he still leads ceremonies and comforts the sick. He has been asked to speak in other countries but refuses to get a passport. "He won't come under American domination," Larsen explains.
Osceola respects her uncle's position. "Some of our people don't feel they need to have a piece of paper to declare that they're an indigenous person," she says. "We have our way of life that the creator gave to us."
Osceola says the Walk for Future Generations will begin with camp setup and registration on March 18 at Trail Lakes Campground in Ochopee. Then starting March 20, walkers will proceed along Tamiami Trail. The walk is meant bring attention to fracking, the archaeology bill, a proposed FPL plant, and more.
The public is welcome to join. Find the Walk for Future Generations page on Facebook for details.
Billie is hopeful the younger generation will heed his call to protect nature. "I want them to know they can do better... As long as I'm on the Earth, I'm going to be reminding them."
The 32-unit, four-story building will be constructed on this empty lot at 3060 N. Milwaukee Ave. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Darryl Holliday
AVONDALE — A new housing complex for people with disabilities is coming to Avondale.
The 32-unit, four-story building will be constructed on an empty lot at 3060 N. Milwaukee Ave., according to an announcement from Mayor Rahm Emanuel's office. The facility will cater to people with mobility and sensory impairments and be managed by Full Circle Communities Inc.
It also will receive $1 million in tax increment financing or TIF funds from the city.
Residents earning up to 60 percent of area median income will occupy the mix of one and two-bedroom apartments, according to the mayor's office.
The $9.7 million project will feature an ADA-accessible garden with raised beds and paved surfaces. There will also be health and wellness workers on-site to help improve tenants' independent living.
Full Circle Communities is a Northbrook-based non-profit that buys up and rehabs buildings with the goal of "developing, preserving, and managing quality housing, and providing additional services and educational services to the residents of such housing.”
Their focus is providing affordable housing to different communities.
Additional funding for the Avondale supportive housing complex will be provided by the Illinois Housing Development Authority, a state grant and developer equity.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
What is economics, anyway? It's not so much a subject matter as a sort of tool kit—one that, when set loose on a thicket of information, can determine the effect of any given factor. “The economy” is the thicket that concerns jobs and real estate and banking and investment. But the economist's tool kit can just as easily be put to more creative use.
Consider, for instance, an incendiary argument made by the economist Amartya Sen in 1990. In an essay in the New York Review of Books, Sen claimed that there were some 100 million “missing women” in Asia. While the ratio of men to women in the West was nearly even, in countries like China, India, and Pakistan, there were far more men than women. Sen charged these cultures with gravely mistreating their young girls—perhaps by starving their daughters at the expense of their sons or not taking the girls to doctors when they should have. Although Sen didn't say so, there were other sinister possibilities. Were the missing women a result of selective abortions? Female infanticide? A forced export of prostitutes?
Sen had used the measurement tools of economics to uncover a jarring mystery and to accuse a culprit—misogyny. But now another economist has reached a startlingly different conclusion. Emily Oster is an economics graduate student at Harvard who started running regression analyses when she was 10 (both her parents are economists) and is particularly interested in studying disease. She first learned of the “missing women” theory while she was an undergraduate. Then one day last summer, while doing some poolside reading in Las Vegas—the book was Baruch Blumberg's Hepatitis B: The Hunt for a Killer Virus—she discovered a strange fact. In a series of small-scale medical studies in Greece, Greenland, and elsewhere, researchers had found that a pregnant woman with hepatitis B is far more likely to have a baby boy than a baby girl. It wasn't clear why—it may be that a female fetus is more likely to be miscarried when exposed to the virus.
Oster was suitably intrigued. She set out first to see if she could use data to confirm Blumberg's thesis. A vaccine for hepatitis B, she learned, had been available since the late 1970s. She found good data on a U.S. government vaccination program in Alaska. Before the vaccinations began, Alaskan natives had a historically high incidence of hepatitis B as well as a high birth ratio of boys to girls. White Alaskans, meanwhile, had a low incidence of hepatitis B and gave birth to the standard ratio of boys to girls. But after a universal vaccination program was carried out in Alaska, the Native Alaskans' boy-girl ratio fell almost immediately to the normal range, while the white Alaskans' ratio was unchanged. A vaccination program in Taiwan revealed similar results.
Convinced now of the relationship between hepatitis B and birth gender, Oster set out on a vast data mission to determine the magnitude of that relationship. She measured the incidence of hepatitis B in the populations of China, India, Pakistan, Egypt, Bangladesh, and other countries where mothers gave birth to an unnaturally high number of boys. Sure enough, the regions with the most hepatitis B were the regions with the most “missing” women. Except the women weren't really missing at all, for they had never been born.
If you believe Oster's numbers—and as they are presented in a soon-to-be-published paper, they are extremely compelling—then her detective work has established the fate of roughly 50 million of Amartya Sen's missing women. Her discovery hardly means that Sen was wrong to cry misogyny, at least in some parts of the world: While Oster found, for instance, that Hepatitis B can account for roughly 75 percent of the missing women in China, it can account for less than 20 percent of the boy-girl gap in Sen's native India. The culprits behind the disappearance of the 50 million women whom Oster did not find are likely the horrible ones that Sen and others have suggested. But Oster's analysis does show that economics is particularly useful for challenging a received wisdom—in this case, one that was originally put forth by another economist.
The key to Oster's research was the availability of large and reliable sets of data. This is an advantage in economics that is not always conferred on the other social sciences. Consider now a different piece of groundbreaking research in developmental psychology.
In the early 1980s, a group of psychologists and linguists banded together to write Narratives From the Crib,a study of how children acquire linguistic skills. Narratives are built around the speech patterns of one child, a 2-year-old girl. Her parents had noticed that she often talked to herself in the crib after they said good night and left her room. They were curious to know what she was saying, so they began to record her chatter. They turned on the tape recorder while they were tucking her in and then left it running. Eventually they gave the tapes to a psychologist friend, who shared it with her colleagues. The big surprise to these experts was that the girl's speech was far more sophisticated when she was alone than when she was speaking with her parents. This finding, as Malcolm Gladwell would later write in The Tipping Point,“was critical in changing the views of many child experts.”
The 2-year-old girl in question was referred to as Baby Emily. Her full name? Emily Oster. In retrospect, it would appear that Narratives From the Crib suffers what researchers call an “n of 1” problem, with “n” representing the size of the sample set—a problem that is gravely exacerbated when the one subject turns out to be … well, a good bit brighter than average. Studying how children learn to talk by observing Baby Emily may be a bit like studying how children learn to play golf by studying Tiger Woods. Now that she's an economist, Emily Oster has at least assured herself that she will never contribute to another “n of 1” problem. The challenge in her field—and so far she has met it well—is quite the opposite: to take a mass of disparate numbers and somehow wring from it one thing that is true.
Top Mexican drug lord Joaquin `El Chapo' Guzman has escaped from a high security prison outside Mexico City for the second time. He made his getaway via a 1.5 km long tunnel that originated in his cell.
Guzman, who headed the infamous Sinaloa Cartel, was last seen near the Altiplano prison's showers at about 20:00 local time on Saturday (01:00 GMT Sunday), the statement from The National Security Commission says. The authorities later checked his cell and found it empty.
READ MORE: Mexican drug cartels: ‘The most serious threat the US has faced from organized crime'
A search operation is ongoing in the area and flights have been suspended at the local Toluca airport.
The drug lord escaped via a tunnel, which began in his cell, the national security commissioner said as cited by Mexican Times Co News. About 1.5 km long and 10 meters deep, the tunnel had ventilation, oxygen tanks and stairs. It was led to a house under construction.
The officials also found a motorbike on rails, which was used to remove soil during the construction of the tunnel.
At least 18 prison officers have been taken to Mexico City for questioning over Guzman escape, the authorities said.
#Mexico#ElChapo Possible location of escape tunnel leading to house under construction in Santa Juanita subdivision pic.twitter.com/xm4soG07An — Mexico Times Co News (@MexicoTimes) July 12, 2015
Guzman, known as one of the world's most powerful organized crime bosses, was imprisoned in February 2014. Until his arrest, the US Department of the Treasury considered him "most powerful drug trafficker in the world."
READ MORE: Mexico's most wanted drug lord Guzman captured
The Sinaloa Cartel has reportedly smuggled billions of dollars worth of cocaine, marijuana, and methamphetamine into the United States, and fought brutal wars with other Mexican gangs over turf and drug trafficking routes.
Guzman who is wanted by the governments of Mexico, the United States and by INTERPOL, also escaped from a federal maximum-security prison in 2001 after being captured back in 1993.
READ MORE: US govt struck deal with Mexican drug cartel in exchange for info - report
Cities along the Persian Gulf rarely need to worry about the threat of major tropical storms — but a new study says they should start to. Princeton researchers writing in Nature Climate Change say that warming temperatures are increasing the likelihood of extreme tropical storms in certain regions across the globe. Catastrophic weather events are much more likely to strike Tampa, Florida; Cairns, Australia; and the Persian Gulf by the end of the century, the study authors write. And a direct hit, they say, could decimate these areas.
In their study, the authors dub these threats as "grey swan" storms. They are similar in scope to "black swans" — thought to be the worst of the worst when it comes to extreme storms, but so rare that they are considered impossible to predict. "They're events that no one has talked about, and no one has been able to show is possible," says study author Ning Lin, a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Princeton.
A direct hit could decimate these areas
Grey swans are just as bad as black swans, but they can be predicted to some degree thanks to new modeling techniques. By analyzing physical data — like rising temperatures — and the historical record, researchers can catalog the possibility and risk of such high-impact storms happening.
Using this modeling method, the Princeton researchers cataloged the threat of grey swan storms occurring along the three coastlines. They found that the risk of such tropical storms hitting Tampa, Cairns, or Dubai is increasing substantially with each decade. Currently, the likelihood of a grey swan is extremely low: the odds are one in 10,000 years. But in 50 years, that risk jumps to one storm in every 1,100 to 3,100 years. By the end of the century, Tampa should expect a grey swan within 700 to 2,500 years. That means the chances of a city-destroying storm hitting the area will be up to 14 times higher in the next 100 years.
The severity of these storms will be higher than anything these areas have seen before. It's possible that the storm surges from a grey swan could reach up to 23 feet in Dubai and 36 feet in Tampa. This could be devastating for people living in coastal regions that haven't been built with such storms in mind. "Since most of the damage and loss of life due to tropical cyclones is due to water and not wind, the consequences are particularly worrisome for coastal areas they impact," says Rick Luettich, director of the Institute of Marine Science as the University of North Carolina, who was not involved in the study, but says the findings seem likely.
Cities in Persian Gulf don't often worry about the threat from tropical storms. (NASA/GSFC)
Lin says such a growing threat in the Persian Gulf came as a surprise to the researchers, since the area rarely experiences these kinds of events. The threat in Tampa was also shocking, even though the area has seen such extreme storms before. "But it hasn't happened for 95 years, and during those years, Tampa Bay has been greatly developed," says Lin. "It's really to remind people the risk is there, even though we haven't had extremes for a while."
Ultimately, Lin says climate change is to blame for the increasing risk. Rising temperatures are warming the world's oceans, which provide energy for hurricanes to grow. She hopes that this research can be used as a tool for policymakers to help mitigate storm risks for these areas. But Luettich argues that the focus shouldn't just be on the regions specified in the study.
"My only suggestion is that many coastal areas, in addition to the three listed, are likely to be impacted by such storms in the future," says Luettich. "I suspect that Cairns, Australia; Tampa, Florida; and cities on the Persian Gulf are examples of such areas but by no means the only ones."
A woman was beaten and her car stolen Saturday in the parking deck of a northeast Atlanta Target store and police said it was the second violent robbery in nine days at the popular shopping center.
While the first incident happened around midnight on June 26, the most recent attack happened in broad daylight.
According to an Atlanta police report, the victim told officers she parked her Mercedes-Benz ML350 in the the lower parking deck of the Target store in the Edgewood Retail District on Caroline Street at Moreland Avenue. As she got out of her car about noon Saturday, a man “punched her in the head and she fell on the ground,” authorities said.
She told police the man took her purse and car keys and told her, “stay on the ground or I will … kill you.”
The suspect then got into the woman's car and put it in reverse.
“She advised she had to roll out of the way in order not to get run over as he drover off with the vehicle,” the report states.
The victim was treated at the scene for head injuries, and taken to Piedmont Hospital for further treatment.
Late last month, police released surveillance video of a man being punched and robbed by four men on June 26 in the parking deck next to the Barnes & Noble store in the same shopping center.
The man's bag and wallet were stolen, and he was punched in the face when he tried to ride off on his bicycle, police said.
No arrests have been made in either shopping center attack, according to police.
The Edgewood Retail District opened in 2005, bringing big box shops like Best Buy to Little Five Points, a haven for home-grown boutiques, bars and tattoo parlors.
The project was developed by Florida-based real estate firm Sembler Co., and it initially faced stiff neighborhood resistance that ultimately resulted in dozens of modifications to the existing plan, including a park.
Much of the neighborhood concerns about the project related to the size of the development, traffic and the need for more green space.
Residents also sparred with the state and developers on ways to make the area around the project and the busy Moreland Avenue corridor more walkable. Many in the region worried traffic would clog streets.
The Los Angeles Lakers are off to a quick and promising start to the NBA playoffs with a 2-0 lead over the Denver Nuggets in the first round. There is a good possibility that the Lakers could keep up this momentum, pull off the sweep and cruise into the second round to face either the defending NBA champion Dallas Mavericks or the up-and-coming Oklahoma City Thunder.
Fortunately, the Lakers have been successful in the aftermath of the Metta World Peace suspension and appear to be legitimate NBA title contenders. Despite that being the case so far, this team can't wait to get World Peace back in the lineup to improve the squad on both ends of the floor.
With four more games to go before he can get back on the floor, World Peace has stayed positive and fairly active off the court. Over the past week, the veteran forward has taken 100 fans to the movies to watch ‘Think Like a Man' and hosted a playoff party in a special location for the same number of the Lakers faithful.
It was announced by TBS on Thursday that World Peace will appear on the late night talk show ‘Conan' on Monday night to talk with host Conan O'Brien. This will be the first interview World Peace will be conducting since being suspended by the league for the vicious elbow given to the Thunder's James Harden.
O'Brien will no doubt bring up the topic of the elbow and suspension, and whether or not World Peace felt he was in the wrong. The Lakers forward has already claimed responsibility by saying that it was wrong in every way, but it'll be interesting to see where the interview goes with World Peace's unpredictability.
WASHINGTON — Senate Republicans breathed a sigh of relief in late June. Senator Mitch McConnell's campaign to lure Senator Marco Rubio into running for re-election in Florida had paid off and Republican control of Congress felt a little more secure.
It has been all downhill since.
Donald J. Trump's post-convention plummet in the polls has taken vulnerable Republican Senate candidates along for the ride, throwing the door open to the prospect of a Democratic majority under the leadership of Senator Chuck Schumer of New York.
On top of that, the Trump campaign brought on Stephen Bannon, the head of the conservative media outlet Breitbart News, which has savaged Republican congressional leaders like Mr. McConnell and Speaker Paul D. Ryan as hypocritical quislings.
The new campaign team is also promising to let Mr. Trump be Mr. Trump, a prospect that no doubt terrifies many Republican candidates who would prefer not to comment on more incendiary statements from the Republican nominee. His blanket expression of regret Thursday night for earlier comments cheered some in his party, but that moment was quickly overtaken by news of the resignation of Paul Manafort, the embattled Trump campaign chairman.
So you probably know what pipe mud is. If you don't it's pipe ash mixed with water (or saliva) to form a paste. This paste is used in a pipe chamber to fill defects and change the chamber geometry (usually in the bottom). This can be used to fill a sandpit on the inside of a chamber, raise the bottom of a bowl to the level of the airway, or plug the sides of the shank in a corncob chamber. This paste dries in a day or so and over the course of many smokes the pipe mud will absorb tars, oils, and moisture and will harden to become an indistinguishable part of the surface of your chamber. Pipe mud is a great tool and is pretty much like duct tape when it comes to doing anything in your chamber. Now, most people use pipe ash for this but you could just as easily use cigar ash or cigarette ash. They all pretty much act the same. They stick together when wet and form a workable paste. What I've found to work the best is actually wood ash such as from your fireplace. This performs the same function as pipe mud but, as I've found, more effectively. Although it is similar to tobacco ash it is also quite different. I actually call it pipe cement and I'll tell you why.
A major component of wood ash is calcium carbonate. This is what makes this ash a good fertilizer, especially for plants which need a lot of calcium. Calcium carbonate is also known as limestone and happens to be the major component of... *drumroll*... portland cement. In manufacturing the limestone is crushed into a powder and heat treated at high temperatures to become chemically active. Your fireplace burns hotter and more completely (in a chemical sense) than your pipe. This creates ash which not only contains more calcium carbonate but which is also much finer and which contains calcium carbonate which has been heat treated at a higher temperature. This makes your fireplace ash chemically different than your pipe ash. To put it shortly: your fireplace ash is a cement, your pipe ash is not. Take a look at this picture:
Left is pipe ash, right is fireplace ash. Notice that the fireplace ash is much whiter and has a fine grain size. Notice that the pipe ash is black and clumpy.
So you're thinking: so what? Who cares if fireplace ash is a cement, pipe ash has worked to make pipe mud for generations why should I switch now? Well, you're right there is no reason to switch and pipe ash works perfectly fine as pipe mud. I'm just an engineering student that works in a cement lab so I find this interesting. And also, as I'm about to tell you, pipe cement has some upsides where pipe mud falls short.
First of all, pipe cement has much more agreeable working properties. That is to say it handles nicer as a paste. Since pipe cement is a fine powder you can slowly mix water into it with your pipe spoon until it becomes the consistency of play-dough. Pipe mud on the other hand tends to be a crumbly mess like dirt or... well... like mud. Take a look at the following photo:
Notice how the cement has been made into an even mass while the pipe mud is an uneven and crumbly. At this point you can simply put the ball of cement on the end of your poker tool and lower it into your chamber, then you can press it and form it into the perfect contours in your chamber. Pipe mud does not handle half as nice as pipe cement
Next there is the drying time. Pipe mud dries, meaning the moisture from it needs to evaporate before you can smoke your pipe. This takes 24 hours or so. After that the pipe mud is delicate until it has been smoked enough to absorb tars and oils and become hardened like cake. Since pipe cement is a cement it cures rather than drying. By this I mean that it reacts chemically with the water and the H2O molecules become part of the cement. This takes about 4 hours and you have a smokable pipe. After 24 hours you have a fully cured cement which makes a satisfying "clink clink" sound when you tap it with your tool.
Your pipe cement will also cure to be much harder than the pipe mud. Take a look at the following photo: I pressed with the same amount of force with my spoon (3 hours after initial mixing) and you can see the difference in strength.
So now you're thinking: so what? This is a pipe not a bridge why should I care how strong my pipe mud is? And you're right it's not that important but if you drop your pipe and your lump of pipe mud falls out that would not be great.
There is also the matter of porosity. Pipe cement is amazingly porous! I estimate it can absorb at least its own weight in water. And dries fast. It is definitley superior to pipe mud in these terms. It's actually so great at picking up moisture and oils and tars that I've even thought about lining a briar pipe's chamber completely in pipe cement (kind of like meerschaum lined briar pipes).
So there you have it... there's my little blurb about pipe mud and pipe cement. I don't claim I "invented" this or anything. I'm sure this has been thought of before but I have not found it in my search on this forum so I thought I should write this down here. If anyone does this I'd love to hear your personal experience with it. And if there is a reason people don't do this I'd love to hear it too! Although, from my personal experience I have not found any negative side effects of pipe cement.
Hello, dear readers! Today we'll show you how to draw Ded Moroz for kids! Ded Moroz – the main character of the New Year holiday, the East Slavic version of the Christmas gift-bringer. Initially in the Slavic mythology Ded Moroz was the personification of winter frosts. The final image of Ded Moroz was formed in the late 30's of the 20th century. Ded Moroz is depicted as an old man in a blue, red or white coat, with a long white beard and a staff in his hand, in the boots. So, let's start the tutorial and learn how to draw Ded Moroz for beginners!
Step 1
First sketch out the figure. It will be very different from the usual human figure – yet we draw a lesson in cartoon style. The main differences – large and round head, small growth and short legs. So, sketch out the head using a circle. Sketch out the hands, spine and legs using lines.
Step 2
Draw a bulbous nose and contours of the hat, which is put a little askew. Note, that in the first steps you should press down on a pencil as lightly as you can.
Step 3
This step seems too hard, but it is not. This step seems too hard, but it is not. Let's start with the eyebrows, outline them right under the hat. Draw close-set eyes – small black circles (do not forget to leave a white highlights, as in our example). On the sides of the eyes draw wrinkles, literally a pair on each side. Next, draw a beard and mustache, sketch out the ears.
Step 4
Now draw a warm robe of Ded Moroz. At first draw the collar. Then draw sleeves and mittens. By the way, if you want to draw other Russian fairy-tale characters, visit our drawing lessons about how to draw Baba Yaga and how to draw Koschei the Deathless.
Step 5
Now draw the lower part of the coat and sketch out the boots.
Step 6
Erase the extra guidelines, draw a bag with gifts. Darken the lines of drawing and Ded Moroz ready!
That was drawing tutorial about how to draw Ded Moroz for children. If you enjoyed this tutorial share it with your friends and subscribe to us in social networks. If you want to draw something more complicated we recommend you our drawing tutorials about how to draw Wolverine or how to draw a Samurai. It was Drawingforall.net, goodbye!
For me, there's an often missing and crucial piece of the puzzle in socially engaged Buddhist dialogues, both in person and especially in online dialogues where we express our views. I'm feeling strongly these days that there's a seemingly invisible suffering caused by linearity and disembodiedness in online activist forums, and I'm wondering what organizing strategies and movement building methods can address this. How can we see, hear, and feel one another more clearly as we try to figure out how to set in motion systemic changes in complex, global systems of power and domination? How is it that we show up to and for one another when we express our views? Is there time and space and support for spirals of storytelling and sharing?
When we show up to express our views, to interact and engage with one another Dharmically in the service of liberation and social justice, can we show up as complete, unedited, embodied beings? Thich Nhat Hanh has said, “In Buddhism, all views are wrong views.” We need to understand this in the total context of his teaching, of course. But even as a one-sentence quote, I think it's worth considering how perhaps we might make more space to hear more “wrong” views, and to hear more intimately the contexts in which they arise – to surround ourselves with the living fabric of one another's lives. Perhaps our views are only “wrong” in that, by definition, they represent only part of the greater reality and we need one another more than we think, especially those who feel most foreign to us, and even more, those who are invisible to us.
At this very moment. . . . Are we in chronic physical pain? Is rent due and we know we're comfortably able to pay it, or know we aren't able to pay it and have to figure out how to stall, or get a loan? Are we planning on retiring at a certain age, or do we have to keep working as long as we can, and hope we die a swift death before our funds run out? Are we trying to read this while our young children are screaming or fighting with one another, or are there no children in our home or workplace or in the café where we're sitting? Are we a person of color or person with a disability or person of non-conforming gender facing another day of pervasive micro- and macro-aggressions? In and of themselves, none of these things define us, and yet I do think they matter. They matter a lot, and increasingly matter a lot in my world, and I wonder whether they matter in your world, also. Because I'm wondering how we're going to build movements that have the potential to transform and heal the massive injuries caused by inequity, exploitation and greed. I'm a mother, and I refuse despair.
So, as a longtime socially engaged Buddhist, I've got a story to tell you, and it will spiral back to ask you a question.
This is a true story about my best spiritual friend, who died at the end of December 2013.
I had been working on my laptop computer the evening when the Skype video conferencing program made its signature sound, and, clicking on the icon, found myself face to face with Bhante Suhita Dharma. He was wearing a plain brown, polyester, long-sleeved light coat – his usual version of monkish street or work clothing – and had headphones clamped to his ears. He stared owlishly through his large glasses, waiting for my image to appear on his computer monitor. The monastic room where he resided in a Vietnamese Buddhist temple in Los Angeles part of the year was mostly in shadow behind him. None of this was unusual, but what was different this time was that he was surrounded by billowing clouds of smoke.
I had a friend who was a Buddhist monk in Bangladesh,” Bhante said. “He was murdered and his body was chopped into little bits and pieces. And I have photographs of all of it, in a box that's right in back of me. I have the records. Indeed I do. Indeed I do!” He lit another cigarette off the one he was smoking. He had had a heart attack some years back and shouldn't be smoking at all, much less chain smoking, but now was not the time for me to give a health lecture.
I rarely saw him visibly distressed. He liked to exemplify what an old deodorant commercial on TV boasted was their product's result: cool, calm and collected. But everyone has their limits. Sooner or later, everyone suffers. It's what the Buddha taught as the first of Four Noble Truths.
This may have been in June 2012, when, in Burma/Myanmar, according to one news source, “long-standing resentment between the Muslim Rohingya and Rakhine Buddhists, two ethnic groups, erupted in bloody fury.” I'd been reading the news, but, having never been to Southeast Asia, my feelings of horror and concern weren't nearly as visceral and vivid as Bhante Suhita's. He'd spent time traveling in and often living for extended periods of time in Myanmar, Bangladesh, Thailand, Sri Lanka, and many other Buddhist countries. Furthermore, he was what I called a news junkie. He always had a television in his room, wherever he lived, tuned perpetually to the CNN channel. Unlike me, Bhante seemed to love being immersed constantly in the babbling stream of local and world atrocities, banalities, weather and sports reports. But this time his TV was off, and I could tell he was stressed.
“It's horrible,” Bhante said vehemently, referring to the violence and killing in Myanmar. “Horrible.” He inhaled deeply on the cigarette he was smoking and exhaled. That explained the ancient-dragon-in-its-lair effect. I sat up a little straighter, even though it was a bit late and I was tired. The best thing I could do was listen attentively, without “trying to make things better.” Things were not better– a major reason why Buddha's teaching of the First Noble Truth is as fresh now as it was 2,600 years ago.
And with this, I'm back to now, whenever “now” is for you as you read this. I do want to hear you and learn from you; I struggle deeply every day with a feeling of unknowing as I contemplate global climate change, gentrification in urban areas, GMO foods and the dangers of monoculture, and the fear that here in the U.S. our young Black males won't live or thrive and that there are those who like it this way. And I don't want to forget any story that's ever been entrusted to me — the anxiety of an undocumented immigrant high school student in Oakland who had come from Mexico using her cousin's I.D. with her mother lying in a concealed space under the car seat; or the poetry of the war veteran I know, who writes about “Spring in Jalula”: There is always a new bomb. Each week, /someone finds one, hidden ….*
Can we, will we, figure out a way to make it so that there isn't always a new bomb? That's, really, what I want to know.
My best spiritual friend, Ven. Suhita, always showed up for me whenever he called or Skyped or whenever we got together in person. It may or may not be meaningful to you to say that as I'm writing this I'm sitting in my cluttered room in a one-bedroom, rental unit at the top of an old house in Oakland, California. My adult child, who lives here, has the one bedroom. My room would usually be called the living room of this space. There's a bathroom and a kitchen, and some closet space. I'm 60 years old, Japanese American, raised in Ohio in a working-class rural community, so I speak U.S. English with a Midwestern accent. I work with volunteers and teach socially engaged Buddhism and mindfulness at East Bay Meditation Center in downtown Oakland. I have a disability called Multiple Chemical Sensitivities (MCS) that means I stay home a lot. I've been a single mother and I've been a Buddhist monastic. I had organic kale salad and a fried egg for breakfast. I'm much more than what I'm telling you, and hopefully this is a start to us connecting.
If you're a Buddhist or spiritual practitioner engaged in social change or social justice work, what's your experience with how we show up for one another? What's your embodied story, your telling of the way forward, out of suffering?
*from The Stick Soldiers, poems by Hugh Martin, winner of the A. Poulin, Jr. Poetry Prize
Top photo 1 by Ted Eytan from Washington, DC, USA [CC-BY-SA-2.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0)], via Wikimedia Commons. “A rally in Washington, DC in support of the equal health and livelihood of trans people, that included basic information about trans health issues and stories of denied / inappropriate care, as well as hope for the future. Ruby Corado, of Casa Ruby DC, tells her story.”
Top photo 2 by Victoria Pickering, Creative Commons license. “The Community Engagement Project founded by Yemi Olu is trying to make a difference in the world by reaching out to people. Here they are collecting stories outside the Chinatown Metro in D.C.”
Mushim (Patricia) Ikeda is an author, mentor, community activist, and Buddhist teacher at the East Bay Meditation Center.
She teaches meditation retreats for people of color, women, and social justice activists nationally. Mushim's Dharma teachings are supported by the practice of generous giving (Dana). She lives simply in order to share the practices of Buddhist meditation and mindfulness with others in a fully accessible manner.
Buddhist social justice curriculum
To help promote collective liberation and subvert the highly individualistic bent of much mainstream dharma these days, Buddhist Peace Fellowship presents our second year of The System Stinks — a collection of Buddhist social justice media named for the favorite protest sign of one of our founders, Robert Aitken, Roshi.
This year, we've asked some of our favorite dharma teachers, practitioners, and activists to reflect on the Four Noble Truths — suffering; the causes of suffering; cessation of suffering; and a path to cessation — from a systemic, social justice perspective.
Other Buddhist groups from around the world have also used the Four Noble Truths as a lens for social movements: for good examples, the International Network of Engaged Buddhists, and the Sarvodaya movement in Sri Lanka. In a U.S.-based context (not predominantly Buddhist), where mindfulness is increasingly separated from ethics, we are eager to uphold this social justice tradition.
If you like what you see, spread the word to show the world another side of Buddhism!
We are deeply grateful to the teachers and practitioners who lend their voices to this cause. In alignment with our media justice values, all contributors to the 2014 series have been offered humble compensation for their work.
Artist glues 250,000 pennies to the floor of her new gallery
Looking for a more creative alternative to tiling her floors, Mel Angst, of the newly opened Artisan tattoo and coffee gallery in Garfield, Pennsylvania, took to gluing pennies to the floor of her new studio.
Using nearly 250,000 pennies, Angst and her crew spent more than three hundred hours meticulously laying down each one cent piece. The floor was then sprayed over with the profile of Abraham Lincoln found on the penny. The resulting creation gives the art gallery an appropriate level of creativity and charm.
As an added bonus, Angst managed to save a few bucks in the process.
Work of Art: Mel Angst, of Garfield, Pennsylvania, glued about 250,000 pennies to the floor of her new gallery
‘Amazingly enough, we found out it's a lot cheaper to just glue money to your floor than actually buy tile,' Angst told WTAE in Pittsburgh . ‘It's about three dollars a square foot.'
The entire project cost about $2,500, according to Angst. A quick glance at the Home Depot website revealed that while you can find tiles for less than $3 per square foot, none of the patterns were as fun as the face of Abraham Lincoln.
But price wasn't really the problem for Angst. It was finding people who would be willing to crouch down and stick pennies to the floor for hours at a time. Soliciting people on Facebook, Angst managed to assembly a crack team of volunteers. Three to four people would work ten to sixteen hours a day for about three weeks straight.
Hard Work: Angst (right) said it took roughly 400 hours to get all the pennies glued down on her floor
"People are just shocked that we did it because it took about 400 man hours, which was crazy," Angst said.
For their troubles, the people who managed to stick around for more than 30 hours got a free tattoo, courtesy of Angst.
‘We're all going to get a matching penny tattoo when it's all said and done.'
Just over a week after stepping away from Deadpool, director Tim Miller has set his sights on a new gig: developing an adaptation of Sonic the Hedgehog for Sony Pictures.
Miller and his longtime Blur Studio collaborator Jeff Fowler have been tapped to work on the project, on which Fowler would make his feature directorial debut.
The duo is working with Neal H. Moritz (the Fast and Furious franchise), who is producing the adaptation. Miller will act as an executive producer on it.
Sonic the Hedgehog centers on Sonic and his friends, such as Tails and Knuckles, who run around collecting items and points as they attempt to foil the global domination plans of Doctor Eggman Robotnik. The game was first released by Sega in 1991, with the character becoming one of the world's biggest gaming icons. More than 350 million copies, including both packaged and digital games, have been sold on various platforms.
The plan is to make a hybrid CG-animated/live-action family film. Patrick Casey and Josh Miller, who created Golan the Insatiable, are writing the script.
Miller and Fowler were nominated for the best animated short Oscar in 2005 for their farm animal-centric Gopher Broke (Fowler wrote and directed, Miller executive produced). The two also have been developing, with David Fincher, an animated adaptation of cult comic The Goon.
Said Miller of his cohort: “Jeff is an incredible director with strong story instincts. The world of Sonic presents the perfect opportunity for him to leverage his experience in animation to bring new dimension to this iconic character.”
Sony Pictures and Marza Animation Planet, a CG animation film production company of the SEGA SAMMY Group, will be the production titles behind the movie.
Joining Moritz as producers are Marza's Takeshi Ito and Mie Onishi. Joining Miller as executive producer is Toby Ascher. Dmitri Johnson and Dan Jevons of DJ2 Entertainment will serve as co-producers.
Andrea Giannetti will oversee for Sony Pictures Entertainment.
Miller co-founded Blur, which has grown into an in-demand studio, producing animation and opening credits, among other work. He made his feature debut and became a hot commodity with Deadpool, the surprise Ryan Reynolds hit that grossed $782 million worldwide. His involvement with the sequel was derailed just over a week ago when he left the project over creative differences.
Miller is repped by WME, Anonymous Content and Bloom Hergott. Casey and Josh Miller are repped by APA, Gotham Group and Nelson Davis.
Let's not mince words: last night, I was triggered. It's not really my place to get angry on a personal level. It's unbecoming of me as a reactionary, and dare I say, Anissimov-esque. I said last night that I believe in decorum, and I mean it. I think neoreaction as a movement should aspire to a higher level of behavior and decency. That doesn't mean we can't cut loose and have fun: Nick B. Steves can still go on the Daily Shoah and call people fags, I can still run TRD, Duck can be Duck. But if we are to be better than the modern world, we must ultimately hold ourselves to a higher standard of behavior than the modern world, primarily in our own spaces. It's one thing to express moral indignation at a leftist pedophile. It's another to publicly coax someone to suicide on a semi-intellectual blog. If I cannot exhibit a sense of restraint and formality in my own domain, then what good am I as a moral authority?
Anger is good. I'm not upset that I got angry. I'm actually proud of myself for getting angry. My anger comes from having a sense of right from wrong. I'm angry because I see a bad person doing bad things and barely anyone else is willing to step up and say “no, this is bad, you're bad and need to be stopped.” My anger comes from my sanity.
I'm upset because I didn't properly harness my anger. Letting my anger consume me and override my sense of decorum is not healthy. As reactionaries, we must remember that we are subservient to morality, a good much greater than us. As healthy as anger is, it's petty and personal. Letting this anger override a commitment to public standards of behavior is inherently selfish. No one man is greater than the principles and values of neoreaction. Not Moldbug, not Nick B. Steves, and certainly not me.
This is not an apology. I have no one to apologize to. I have not hurt anyone but myself- through petty anger, I dishonored myself. This is an explanation, an honest reflection on my words and actions, and what they mean. I believe that honesty is the greatest moral good, and that Neoreaction is the fundamental pursuit of truth and a truth-based society. Thus, I must confront the truth of my own actions, and be honest about what I have done and what it means.
Thus, I submit this not as a submissive public confession, but a bold declaration. I will say with authority that I have done wrong to myself. This is the truth of the matter. I am not ashamed to say I have erred, and I will not dwell on it. I will not delete or hide my error, but leave it there for the world to see. I am not ashamed of my mistakes, I will only grow from them. I will move forward in pursuit of the truth and all that is good. I will grow and learn to harness my anger. I will not deny my faults, but work to overcome them.
Advertisements
Mr. Hütter, 65, is trim and energetic; he's a dedicated cyclist, regularly making 125-mile excursions. “You have to find your tempo,” he said. He was sometimes affable, sometimes wary. He bristled at the suggestion that Kraftwerk had pop ambitions, although songs like “Autobahn” and “The Model” were international hits.
“We are fine when the idea comes to a clear statement,” he said. “It could be short, it could be long. We also have structure that's very minimal, so it's not drama. It's more modular, minimal. It's components, it's conceptual. There's development, gradual. Whereas in classical music there is drama. That's not our thing.”
Kraftwerk is usually translated as “power plant,” but Mr. Hütter said the band's name can also be pulled apart for meanings: “kraft” is energy and dynamics, “werk” is simply work, or labor, and also (as “werke”) an artist's oeuvre. Kraftwerk records on its own open-ended schedule; it hasn't released a new studio album since “Tour de France” in 2003. It has, however, been touring and frequently revamping its older songs with newer technology and ideas.
“Kraftwerk is a living organism,” Mr. Hütter added. “Music is never finished. It starts again tomorrow. The record is just a record, but for us it's nearly boring. We like better the programs that we can operate with. So we are operating, we are upgrading, we are updating continuously. There's continuous reprogramming going on, and composition and new concepts are also coming.”
Photo
He added, “We learn from noise, and we learn from going to clubs.”
The work takes place at Kraftwerk's longtime headquarters, Kling Klang Studios in Düsseldorf. It's off limits to nearly everyone, with its location long concealed; mail is said to be returned unopened. “I was there,” Mr. Biesenbach said, quickly adding, “I'm not allowed to talk about it.”
Kraftwerk has extensive archives at Kling Klang: sounds stored on equipment that's no longer made, images assembled over decades. When Kraftwerk played its 1978 song “Neon Lights” on Friday night, it had video showing neon signs from Düsseldorf that have long since disappeared to redevelopment.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
At the museum Kraftwerk has been performing to an audience of 450 people each night. Its previous show, on March 23, was for tens of thousands as a headliner at the Ultra Music Festival of dance music in Miami.
By now Mr. Hütter is used to Kraftwerk being acknowledged as a prototype. Its riffs are foundations of songs by performers from the rapper Afrika Bambaataa to Coldplay. “We're not so interested in possession. We are more interested in participating,” Mr. Hütter said. “We're sending out. Certain of these ideas are radio waves. We're the antenna catching information, the transmitter giving information, back and forth. It's like feedback energy. Otherwise I would just play my music at home and go to sleep.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The museum retrospective places Kraftwerk not only as a forerunner of synth-pop, techno, electro hip-hop and programmed R&B, but also as part of postwar German art reinventing a culture out of trauma and desolation. “Sometimes the spirit moves through different art forms,” Mr. Hütter said. Mr. Biesenbach ranks Kraftwerk alongside the filmmaker Rainer Werner Fassbinder and the painter, sculptor, performance artist and social activist Joseph Beuys, who was one of Kraftwerk's mentors in Düsseldorf. Many of Kraftwerk's most striking graphic images were painted by Emil Schult, a Beuys student who was also at times a band member and lyricist.
Mr. Hütter said Kraftwerk had come “full circle” by performing in an art museum. Its two founders, Mr. Hütter and Florian Schneider — who left the band in 2009 — played many of their first shows at art galleries and museums in Düsseldorf in the late 1960s.
They were starting from scratch in “a small town, a nowhereland, a cultural back room,” Mr. Hütter said. “The music had to be found. It was not there.” For him the lengthy Germanic classical tradition was “in print, it was in education and universities,” he said. “You could study it. It was all perfectly done and researched.”
But that felt like “archaeology,” he said. “One day you say: ‘I want to play my own music. What is my sound?' And from this cultural shock — ‘Oh we have no language, we have no contemporary everyday music' — the next step is ‘O.K., let's start and let's make it.' ”
After three instrumental albums akin to other experimental German rock of the era, Kraftwerk reinvented itself with the coolly electronic 1974 album “Autobahn,” which began the retrospective. The reconceptualized Kraftwerk wanted music built on “repetition, routine and dynamics,” Mr. Hütter said. “We were interested in the social content of everyday life — Alltag,” Mr. Hütter said. The German word connotes both routine and “a day in the universe.”
The band abandoned rock-band instruments (and Mr. Schneider's flute) for early synthesizers and self-invented electronic drums, embracing its sonic possibilities and limitations. “But we were maybe fantasizing about the future,” Mr. Hütter said. “In the archives there are some old visionary drawings where we envision notes coming out of the brain directly. We had all kinds of ideas, but it takes time to make them real. I'm not complaining. We're being very lucky, especially for the technology developing as we were fantasizing.”
Mr. Hütter said a new Kraftwerk album was under way. “We didn't fall asleep,” he said. “The 168-hour week is still going on since the beginning, since 1970.” And when can listeners expect the new album? “Soon,” he said. He would not elaborate.
I recently filled out an online questionnaire about my “values” and “priorities,” something I thought I would never do, but the promise was that the computer would tabulate my answers by matching them to the various political parties. This would then tell me which of the four would be most appropriate for my interests. So I “A B C and D'd” my way through multiple-choice questions. In the end the poll told me what I already knew. The party I'm voting for is the party which best represents how I see the world. I try to be an informed voter.
What did surprise me was that some of my ideals had become more “small-c” conservative over the years. The only thing is, the way things stand, I can never, ever vote that way. You see, as a gay man of a particular age, I remember the dark times of violence and repression. I remember fearing for my job. I remember being turned away from apartments because they wouldn't rent to two men. I remember fearing violence when leaving a bar or event that catered primarily to others of my kind. I remember that fear. Deep, deep fear.
As such, elections terrify me. You see, I don't believe, like the millions who don't vote, that elections don't matter, that one party is pretty much the same as the other. I don't believe that civil liberties once won are ever safe. I don't believe that we have entered into the realization that “all” are Canadian and therefore “all” are equal. I don't believe that by a long shot.
Political parties that court, even covertly, a religious fundamentalist vote scare me. The separation of church and state is probably the smartest thing about a democracy. Allowing religious beliefs to determine public policy means that there will always be an “other” and that “other” will live in fear. I tire of hearing people bemoan the fact that Canada is a tolerant nation. I know that tolerance takes work, bigotry is easier as prejudice comes naturally. I do not believe that my civil liberties should ever be up for debate. But in the minds of many, they are.
Gay marriage? Really, why does anyone care?
But oh my, people do. Really do. To the point of apoplexy.
I marched in one of the first gay rights marches in the city of Toronto. I marched in fear. People yelled at us. Spat at us. Threw rocks at us. But I marched because I needed to conquer fear and claim this city and this country as my own. I marched because I didn't want to live in fear any more. I didn't want to hear, even one more time, that my heart was deviant and my love perverse. I didn't want the vile, despicable slogan “love the sinner, hate the sin” to be used as a means of furthering violence and oppression in the name of love, of all things.
As a Canadian, as a gay man, I'd like the hear the leaders of each party state, unequivocally, that every citizen can sleep soundly knowing that our government won't ever again sneak into our homes, tiptoe down our hallways, and arrest us for sleeping in the arms of someone we love. I want to be guaranteed that I will never again have my heart ripped from my chest by public policy and by private hatred.
Dave Hingsburger has worked with people who have intellectual disabilities for more than 35 years. He writes the award-winning disability blog Rolling Around in My Head at davehingsburger.blogspot.com.
Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim told a senior US military official in Ankara on Monday that the US should show a "clear and decisive stance" against the failed coup.
He repeated that the US based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who Ankara claims was behind the July 15 coup attempt, should be extradited to Turkey.
Yildirim told the US general to extradite "terrorist group leader Fetullah Gulen and members of FETO to our country as soon as possible," his office said in a statement after the meeting.
FETO is the name that Turkey gives to Gulen's alleged operation, the Fethullah Terror Organisation (FETO), which is said to have built attempted to build a parallel state in Turkey so it can one day seize power.
The visit by the Chairman of the US Joint Chiefs of Staff, John Dunford, to Turkey was intended to smooth things over between the US and Turkey. Ahead of the meeting Dunford had said he would "deliver messages condemning in the strongest terms the recent coup attempt and reaffirming the importance of our enduring partnership for regional security."
Meanwhile on Monday, Turkey said it had arrested 11 fugitive soldiers who were suspected of involvement in an attack on President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's house on the night of the coup. Erdoğan fled to Istanbul just in time to escape.
German diplomat summoned
Earlier on Monday, Turkey summoned a senior German diplomat after Germany's constitutional court rejected an application to show via video link live speeches from Turkey at a pro-Erdogan rally in Germany. Among the politicians who had been due to talk were Erdoğan himslef.
The reason given for the decision was that the speeches could work up the crowd, but the decision sparked anger in Turkey.
Presidential spokesman Ibrahim Kalin said the move was unacceptable and a "violation of the freedom of expression and the right to free assembly."
A spokeswoman for the German embassy told the AFP news agency that the German charge d'affaires had "been summoned to the Turkish foreign ministry at 1 p.m. (1000 GMT) on Monday" because of the decision.
However, Germany played down the incident, saying such "invitations" were nothing out of the ordinary. "In the day-to-day dealings between countries, it is a daily event - normal for a representative of a country to be called in to the foreign ministry of his host country," German foreign ministry spokesman Martin Schäfer said.
Ties between Germany and Turkey are already strained after the German parliament voted to brand the World War I-era Armenian massacre by Ottoman forces as "genocide."
rc/bw (AFP, AP, dpa, Reuters)
Authored by George Soros, originally posted at Project Syndicate,
The refugee crisis in Europe was already pushing the European Union toward disintegration when, on June 23, it helped drive the British to vote to Brexit the EU. The refugee crisis and the Brexit calamity that it spawned have reinforced xenophobic, nationalist movements that will seek to win a series of upcoming votes - including national elections in France, the Netherlands, and Germany in 2017, a referendum in Hungary on the EU refugee policy on October 2, and a rerun of the Austrian presidential election on the same day.
Rather than uniting to resist this threat, EU member states have become increasingly unwilling to cooperate with one another. They pursue self-serving, beggar-thy-neighbor migration policies – such as building border fences – that further fragment the Union, seriously damage member states, and subvert global human-rights standards.
The current piecemeal response to the refugee crisis, culminating in the agreement reached earlier this year between the EU and Turkey to stem the flow of refugees from the Eastern Mediterranean, suffers from four fundamental flaws.
First, it is not truly European; the agreement with Turkey was negotiated and imposed on Europe by German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Second, it is severely underfunded. Third, it has transformed Greece into a de facto holding pen with inadequate facilities. Most important, the response is not voluntary. The EU is trying to impose quotas that many member states strenuously oppose, forcing refugees to take up residence in countries where they are not welcome and do not want to go, and returning to Turkey others who reached Europe by irregular means.
This is unfortunate, because the EU cannot survive without a comprehensive asylum and migration policy. The current crisis is not a one-off event; it augurs a period of higher migration pressures for the foreseeable future, due to a variety of causes. These include demographic shortfalls in Europe and a population explosion in Africa; seemingly eternal political and military conflicts in the broader region; and climate change.
The agreement with Turkey was problematic from its inception. The very premise of the deal – that asylum-seekers can legally be returned to Turkey – is fundamentally flawed. Turkey is not a “safe third country” for most Syrian asylum-seekers, especially since the failed coup in July.
What would a comprehensive approach look like? Whatever its final form, it would be built on seven pillars.
First, the EU must take in a substantial number of refugees directly from front-line countries in a secure and orderly manner. This would be far more acceptable to the public than the current disorder. If the EU made a commitment to admit even a mere 300,000 refugees annually, most genuine asylum-seekers would view their odds of reaching their destination as good enough to deter them from seeking to reach Europe illegally – an effort that would disqualify them from legal admission. Second, the EU must regain control of its borders. There is little that alienates and scares publics more than scenes of chaos. Third, the EU needs to find sufficient funds to finance a comprehensive migration policy. It is estimated that at least €30 billion per year will be needed for a number of years, and the benefits of “surge funding” (spending a large amount of money up front, rather than the same amount over several years) are enormous. Fourth, the EU must build common mechanisms for protecting borders, determining asylum claims, and relocating refugees. A single European asylum process would remove the incentives for asylum shopping and rebuild trust among member states. Fifth, a voluntary matching mechanism for relocating refugees is needed. The EU cannot coerce member states to accept refugees they do not want, or refugees to go where they are not wanted. A scheme like the one used by Canada could elicit and match the preferences of both refugees and receiving communities. Sixth, the EU must offer far greater support to countries that host refugees, and it must be more generous in its approach to Africa. Instead of using development funds to serve its own needs, the EU should offer a genuine grand bargain focused on the needs of recipient countries. This means creating jobs in refugees' home countries, which would reduce the pressure to migrate to Europe. The final pillar is the eventual creation of a welcoming environment for economic migrants. Given Europe's aging population, the benefits migration brings far outweigh the costs of integrating immigrants. All the evidence supports the conclusion that migrants can contribute significantly to innovation and development if they are given a chance to do so.
Pursuing these seven principles, described in greater deal elsewhere, is essential in order to calm public fears, reduce chaotic flows of asylum-seekers, ensure that newcomers are fully integrated, establish mutually beneficial relations with countries in the Middle East and Africa, and meet Europe's international humanitarian obligations.
The refugee crisis is not the only crisis Europe has to face, but it is the most pressing. And if significant progress could be made on the refugee issue, it would make the other issues – from the continuing Greek debt crisis to the fallout from Brexit to the challenge posed by Russia – easier to tackle. All the pieces need to fit together, and the chances of success remain slim. But as long as there is a strategy that might succeed, everyone who wants the EU to survive should rally behind it.
NFL.com senior analyst and former VP of player personnel for the Dallas Cowboys, Gil Brandt, has 14 SEC players in his mock draft.
Here is how SEC players shake out in the first round:
1. Luke Joeckel, OT, Texas A&M (Kansas City Chiefs)
4. Chance Warmack, OG, Alabama (Philadelphia Eagles)
5. Dee Milliner, CB, Alabama (Detroit Lions)
6. Damontre Moore, DE, Texas A&M (Cleveland Browns)
8. Alec Ogletree, LB, Georgia (Buffalo Bills)
9. Jarvis Jones, OLB, Georgia (New York Jets)
13. DJ Fluker, OT, Alabama (Tampa Bay Bucs)
16. Eddie Lacy, RB, Alabama (St. Louis Rams)
17. Sheldon Richardson, DT, Missouri (Pittsburgh Steelers)
21. Barkevious Mingo, DE, LSU (Cincinnati Bengals)
23. Sharrif Floyd, DT, Florida (Minnesota Vikings)
28. Johnthan Banks, DB, Miss State (Denver Broncos)
29. Sam Montgomery, DE, LSU (Baltimore Ravens)
31. John Jenkins, DT, Georgia (New England Patriots)
A few observations:
TAMU's Jockel is the top overall pick, going to the Chiefs. I love the pick, and Joeckel has tremendous upside.
Alec Ogletree is projected over Jarvis Jones. Ogletree is a stud, and he would justify the pick over time. But it's hard to pass up Jones if he's available at #8.
Brandt has 12 defensive linemen projected in the first round. You wonder why there are so many SEC players picked year after year? It starts in the trenches.
A couple SEC players who could get first-round looks are Cordarrelle Patterson, Tyler Wilson, Jesse Williams, Dallas Thomas and Barrett Jones.
You wonder why the Georgia-Alabama game was great? There were seven first round projections on the field.
Photo Credit: Brett Davis-USA TODAY Sports
Despite a coaching change, things should pretty much be business as usual for the University…
Paul Chryst was a picture of comfort on the morning of the final day of July, his legs stret…
Stevenson was denied admission to UW last week, and coach Paul Chryst and athletic director Barry Alvarez addressed the situation Thursday.
CHICAGO — Every college has one, an athlete who plays a prominent role for so long that oppo…
The Cornhuskers' new coach gave Chryst his first full-time coaching job with the San Antonio Riders of the World League of American Football in 1991.
Images from the 2015 Badgers Family Fun Day as University of Wisconsin football fans get autographs, photos and chat with UW players on Aug. 9…
Jason Galloway
Jason Galloway covers University of Wisconsin football for the Wisconsin State Journal. Galloway moved to Madison in 2013 after graduating from the University of Alabama and spending two years as the high school sports reporter for the Opelika-Auburn News in Alabama.
Follow @Jason_Galloway
When we phoned Ray Santiago early Tuesday afternoon, he'd just finished a run, which isn't necessarily a surprise for those who remember a chiseled Pablo from last season of Ash vs Evil Dead.
“Forgive me if I'm a little out of breath,” Santiago said. “Ya know, us sidekicks have to keep our physique in check ‘cause Ash certainly cannot run down the block, so I have to do it for him.”
By the time our conversation had come to an end, however, we were the ones in need of oxygen.
Santiago reflected on Pablo's near death a year ago, the program's direction under new showrunner Mark Verheiden, past characters making appearances over the next ten episodes, and whether we'll finally see Pablito and Kelly get together.
But above all, Santiago bombarded us with enough tantalizingly cryptic teasers to keep AvED fans speculating until the curtain rises on the third season either this fall or in January of next year. The man who is Pablo noted that the Ghostbeaters “opened a can of worms” when they time traveled to save our powerful vagina, but “only ate one.” To say nothing of the fact that audiences should “expect the unexpected from Pablo,” that Season 3 offers “the best season finale” yet, or that “No one can be trusted.”
“No one.”
iHORROR: Let's wind the clocks back to the end of last season. Fans were left to ponder whether they'd lost Pablo for a few weeks, only to get you back in the final episode. You'd said before that holding that secret wasn't that difficult for you because you enjoyed the fan theories, but during that period, give us your sentiments at the outpouring of affection for that character and outcry for his return.
RAY SANTIAGO: I didn't realize how much, in a lot of ways, Pablo was the heart of the unit, and how much of the eyes and the ears of the audience. When he was killed off in that episode, fans really came through, and that meant a lot to me. It felt like, I don't know, if felt like I had done my job right because people cared about losing the character. It also made me understand and value the importance of Pablo in the unit and what he brings to the table, and how the team can never really be the same without him.
iH: This we just have to ask. Prior to last season, fans were offered teasers and pictures, a release date was provided well in advance of the October premiere, there was quite the promotional machine including a stop at San Diego Comic Con. But this year, nothing. Now Bruce Campbell has said that STARZ is just looking for a good slot for the show, it could be fall or even early 2018. Having said that, it all seems a bit odd. Can you touch on the change in approach for this season, has the show's status changed in the network's eyes, and more importantly, can you confirm that regardless of date, Season 3 will happen?
RS: Season 3 is definitely happening. It's already been shot, it's in the can and we will definitely be showing it to you. I think with the over-pour of horror and comedy and half-hour shows that are out there, the competition is really, really good. We want to make sure that we're strategic about when we give it to our fans, and we know that they're super loyal and that they're still clamoring for Season 3. So it's really about making sure that we get it out exactly when we feel like it's right, and that audiences are going to be tuning in and watching. I think Bruce is definitely right, it is about that, and you will be getting it either in the fall or early January. So don't worry, be happy. We're coming.
iH: With the departure of showrunner Craig DiGregorio, will the show have a different look or feel with his replacement, Mark Verheiden?
RS: Yeah, I think this season Mark's definitely focusing on bringing sort of a deeper family level to the show, particularly with Ash as we evolve and uncover some of the spoilers that have been revealed for Season 3, Ash has a daughter. He really wanted to take the characters to a different level. We've seen them covered in blood, we've seen Bruce's head up a dead bodies ass, so why not keep that going, but add the element that perhaps people weren't expecting, which is to see a little bit more of heart in everybody. And to see Ash struggle to be the father that he never thought he could be. For Pablo, he's going to continue his journey to become the hero that he never thought he could be. To step into the world of not just being a sidekick, but understanding that after going through death and this undeniable relationship with the Necronomicon, has given him. I think this season, the fans should expect the unexpected from Pablo. (He) sees things differently this season, and the Evil Dead world sees Pablo differently. And you'll come to understand that once you see Season 3.
iH: As you stated, Pablo became one with the Necronomicon last season. He went through hell, died and came back, but it's the Evil Dead and no one ever gets off that easy. So when you talk about expecting the unexpected, there must be repercussions, and perhaps even, something of a curse / gift? Sounds like your character may have continued visions, even approaching shaman-level like your departed Uncle Brujo?
RS: Yeah, I think we planted the seed for this naive, quirky sidekick who looks past everyone's flaws and sees a hero, and I think we set it up for him to embrace and find those things within himself. The good and evil force is out there and I think that when he was a child he was taught about it and teased about it, and now he's perhaps at a crossroads, where he could either go one way or the other. Or both. Or maybe he's just trying to sort it out. I think (Pablo's) got a really good journey this season and I think that the fans are going to definitely be happy with where they take it.
iH: Some fans on Twitter have peppered Bruce about what to expect from the next ten episodes, and he responded to one of them cryptically, tweeting “The final showdown.” Is Season 3 set up in such a way that if the show doesn't return for a fourth campaign, fans will be left satisfied?
RS: I think that it is set up to go further, actually. I think we leave you with the best season finale the show's ever had. It's epic. It's, for me, one of the most fun things I've ever shot. I think the Evil Dead franchise will never die, and I think we do leave it in a way where it might be the final showdown for someone that's in the main core group of the Ghostbeaters, but it is definitely left open to continue, that is for sure. I think this franchise will live forever. It could go for a couple more seasons in this version, or it could continue on in another way, and I think that we've planted a lot of those seeds throughout the season and I definitely don't think that the season finale is the end.
iH: We've heard grumblings that we're in store for a further examination of why Ash is the “Chosen One,” foretold in the Necronomicon itself. That was off-limits during the initial season, but last year things opened up to the Army of Darkness universe. We caught a glimpse of it with Delta as DeLorean when the Ghostbeaters time traveled to save Pablo, but might we see the gang warping again in Season 3?
RS: Well (laughs), the first thing that a lot of fans have said is “Hey, you went back in time to save Pablo and the only thing that changed when they came back was him. Him coming back to life. Is that all? How can that be?” So perhaps this season we will reveal a little bit more of that. We've opened up a can of worms and we only ate one, there's still a whole can, so get ready. There's past, present, future; you just never know where we're gonna go.
That's the beauty of our show, it's so out there, such an animated, far-fetched, graphic comic book novel that it just goes in so many different directions, and the audience is forgiving because you like seeing that. Where else can you go to see that? So, really again, we can go in so many different directions.
Sometimes I look at Bruce and I'm like, “It's crazy, the absurdity of the things that we do on this show.” Bruce and I, throughout three seasons, have developed this thing that we do where, when we're on set and there's craziness happening, and we look into each other's eyes and we just start laughing. The first season we did it, and now we're just like, “Here we go again.” We don't have to say anything. We can speak to each other with just a look, and we just start laughing. “What are we doing here? What are they doing to us?” So we have a lot of fun on this show, and like I said, we can go in so many different directions.
iH: While we haven't gotten teasers in terms of clips or pictures, Campbell and Lucy Lawless have been busy dropping hints in interviews and what-not, with talk of Ash having a daughter (Dawn Bourn interview) and perhaps Ruby has her eyes on a more qualified “Chosen One (Legion of Leia interview).” Never mind evil Ruby emerging once again. Sounds like things might get complicated this season.
RS: Absolutely. Evil started wanting just Ash, and ultimately they are always trying to get to him, but this season we realized that there's more than one person at stake. We've got to keep everyone alive in order to make this work. And no one can be trusted. No one. Like I said, expect the unexpected this season from Pablo. The world is going to see him in a different way.
iH: When we spoke with your co-star Dana DeLorenzo last summer, she commented on the status of Pablo and Kelly by saying “Just make out already!” So, we know the two are close, they bonded even further over the course of Season 2, but now that Kelly nearly lost her Pablito, will we finally see these two get together? Because it's getting' to a point where it's a Jim and Pam kind of situation.
RS: (Laughs) Pablo will die trying to get the girl. I can't tell you if it happens or if it doesn't happen, but I can tell you he certainly will try till the very end. (Laughs)
iH: Ash's sister Cheryl (Ellen Sandweiss) popped up last year. Might we see characters from Evil Dead's past rear their heads once again?
RS: Actually, you know, to piggyback on my answer, I will say that this season there are perhaps a couple of characters that are introduced that sort of make Pablo and Kelly realize how much they mean to each other, and how much they might actually, maybe want to be together. Maybe it takes having somebody else come into somebody else's life to make the other person understand. So there's a little tug of war going on there with somebody. Can't say who.
Will we see other characters from the past? We certainly will. One in particular.
iH: We've covered some rumors and reveals, but short of getting yourself in hot water with the STARZ suits, give us a teaser just vague enough to keep Ash vs Evil Dead fans champing at the bit until Season 3 arrives.
RS: I think I've given you that already in some of my answers.
iH: Probably.
RS: Yeah. (Laughs) So I feel like anymore, I'd be giving you too much, but I would say, the final episode is pretty intense. It has that feeling of Six Feet Under's final episode. When I watched Six Feet Under's final episode I couldn't stop crying for, like, days. It was really intense. I think what we've done with that, with our Season 3 finale, is given you something that just like, “Whoa. What just happened?”
iH: Oh, man. Yeah, that'll work as a teaser.
RS: Got that? (Laughs)
Feature image: CineMovie
It is trade deadline season, and the rumors are swirling. One of which is Giancarlo Stanton and the idea of him being dealt to the St. Louis Cardinals. Worth it, or should the Cardinals go after a big name free agent?
There is cause for concern in either direction the St. Louis Cardinals would choose to go if both of these were options. The contract for Giancarlo Stanton is one of those mega-deals that last over ten years, 13 to be exact.
The original deal lasts until his age-38 season in 2028 with numerous player options occurring every year from 2021 on.Add that on top of the asking price of the Miami Marlins and it is a decision tough enough to give any baseball mind a headache.
How about Manny Machado? Well, he is team controlled through next season and is expected to cash in during the 2018 Winter Meetings.
There are two options for the Cardinals: attempt to trade for him next season and lure him into the St. Louis lifestyle or try to sign him in free agency.
Obviously, going the second route would mean that the organization would not need to give up any prospects. However, bringing him in mid-season could be what it takes to convince him to remain in St. Louis for his big pay day.
Stanton's contract ensures that he could remain in St. Louis for a long period of time while Machado could be a half season rental. It is not out of doubt that Stanton could do the same if he believed he could get more money on the market, but that seems unlikely.
.@BNightengale on Giancarlo Stanton: "I can't see that… I would much prefer keeping the money & going after Machado in a year." #STLCards — Kevin Wheeler Show (@WheelerShow101) July 14, 2017
What do both of them bring to St. Louis?
If you have been asleep and have not followed the MLB in recent years, both of these guys are all-stars.
Stanton is a four-time National League All-Star, Silver Slugger award winner (2014), Hank Aaron award winner (2014), and NL home run champion (2014). Oh, and he also won the 2016 home run derby. He is known for his raw power and long bombs that often land near Cuba.
Stanton has hit at least 22 home runs in each season that he has played in with batting averages in the .250-.290 range. This season he is up to 26 home runs and has been able to stay healthy, which surprises me some. He sports a .302 BABIP, which is not a career best by no measure, but is up from the past two seasons.
One knock on Stanton is his tendency to be a free swinger. That said, in 2017 his strikeout percentage is down. It is actually a career low 23.8%, but that may regress back to his career average of 28% as the season progresses.
Machado is just as good of a talent, if not better. He flashes a nice glove defensively at third base, but there have been rumblings of him moving to shortstop as his career proceeds. Manny is a two-time gold glove winner and three-time American League All-Star.
Although Machado is not the proven power hitter that Stanton is, he has had 35 and 37 home runs in the past two seasons. He has 18 dongs this year, which has been considered a disappointing season for most. The bright spot for him comes from his hard contact rate, ranking ninth in exit velocity with an average of 93.5 MPH.
His BABIP is a career low of .239 so there is plenty of reason to believe there is some bad luck in his play. I would be 100% comfortable with plugging him in as the long-term option at shortstop.
What's the cost?
The cost of both will be extremely expensive in one way or another. Stanton is set to accumulate at least $25 million each season starting next year and would cost at least three or four highly-rated prospects. Poll-master Brenden Schaeffer asked Cardinals nation what they thought of giving up a major league talent in Stephen Piscotty and two quality arms. They believe it to be a good deal.
Cardinals trade poll #19: Would you trade Stephen Piscotty, Luke Weaver, and Zac Gallen for Giancarlo Stanton? STL pays Stanton's contract. — Brenden Schaeffer (@bschaeffer12) July 7, 2017
If that poll indicated what the trade could be, I would be the first in line to sign up for Mozeliak and company to pull the trigger. However, I believe it would take much more.
The Cardinals may be able to afford it too. There is an influx of outfield talent and even a crowded left side of the infield. Throwing in a talent like Oscar Mercado, Aledmys Diaz, or even Paul DeJong could be enough for an agreement. This is just me spit-balling at this point. Even throwing another major league player into a trade could be a good idea.
On the other hand, Machado could come at a less steep price. Baltimore may see the reading on the wall with Machado leaving and offer him up at next season's deadline. If the Cardinals managed to get in on those talks, surely the price for a potential half-season rental would be less expensive.
Spotrac projects Machado's market value at $20 million, which is considerably cheaper than Stanton. To calculate this, they looked at the production and costs of other stars such as Mike Trout, Evan Longoria, and Robinson Cano. The base calculated value is at an eight year deal worth $160 million.
Regardless, something needs to happen for the St. Louis Cardinals
The St. Louis Cardinals current state is not where it needs to be to compete. They no longer have a scary bat in the lineup and have a bunch of fringe guys who have managed to keep this team on the cusp of competing in the division.
Guys like Matt Carpenter, Jedd Gyorko, and Lance Lynn should all be in trade talks in some form or another. Carpenter is a shell of himself with a low batting average. Gyorko is having a career year and should be capitalized on while his value is high. Lynn is in a contract year anticipating a pay day.
Do the Cardinals absolutely need any of these players going forward? Sure, missing Gyorko's bat and Carpenter's calming presence would diminish the team. However, it would mean the organization is moving in a new direction to compete and would allow other players to step in leadership roles.
Talent like Paul DeJong, Luke Voit, and Harrison Bader could be the next crop of major league talent and the front office should consider letting them shine. Two of those three have already shown their capability of carrying the offense. If they could implant a Machado or Stanton in the middle of the lineup with those guys, the Cardinals might be on to something.
Want your voice heard? Join the Redbird Rants team! Write for us!
Do I expect one of these two to join the St. Louis Cardinals? Not really, but there is a need for a superstar talent. The Cubs have multiple superstars who are not going away anytime soon. There is no harm in trying to play catch by acquiring a young guy like Stanton or Machado.
Is charitable giving broken?
Tom New Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 3, 2017
Are all charitable causes equally good?
Is donating ten pounds to the Doodle Trust (who rescue and rehome Doodles and Poodles throughout the UK) equally important as donating to Doctors without Borders?
We in the UK are a charitable bunch. In 2016, 61% of us gave money to causes and between us we gave £9.7 billion. That's a fair chunk of change by any measure, so I've been wondering recently what causes we give to as a nation, and whether or not we donate to worthy causes as a group of 70 million people.
More specifically the question I asked myself is, is it possible that as individuals donating to causes of our choice, we in fact make a very poor choice as a group, and therefore leave some of the world's greatest issues un-tackled, whilst focussing instead on ones that have little impact? If we were to start from a position of thinking about our own moral compass and values, could we still justify the outcome of all our charitable giving?
SPOILER ALERT — we kind of suck at giving to the right causes. Here's why…
Our moral compass and values
In philosophical debate there are things known as thought experiments. These distill complicated real-life examples into slightly abstract and extreme scenarios to tease out what we really think about a given issue and the consequences of those conclusions. Many thought experiments kick off discussions of ethics — the trolley problem is perhaps the most famous, and opens up a rabbit hole or complex and potentially inconsistent ethical views.
Let's consider this simple thought experiment:
You find yourself in a position where you pass two burning buildings. In one, is a child, who you do not know. In the other, a dog, who you do not know. You calculate that you have time to save only one of these two, without risking your own life. Which one should you save?
I would wager that most would save the child, which seems an extremely defensible choice. We might start to doubt the character of a friend if they said the dog without hesitation.
Here are some further complications we may throw into the mix:
What if instead of any dog, it was your family dog?
What if it was not a child, but an extremely elderly person, and instead of a single dog, it was half a dozen puppies?
What if instead of a dog, it was a building full of priceless artworks?
What if it wasn't you doing the saving, but you had the choice to pay a person to save the child, or pay a person to save the dog? How much would you pay?
This dog doesn't even want to be saved
Each of these further scenarios present us will some interesting things to consider, but it seems likely that many of us reading the above would always value human life over animals, and even more so with inanimate objects such as artwork. We might create a hierarchy of moral beliefs:
The protection and saving of human life The alleviation of suffering in humans The protection and saving of complex animals The alleviation of suffering in complex animals The protection of the environment The promotion of well-being of humans … ….
Thus, the protection and saving of human life would be more important than stopping suffering in an animal, and so on; something higher up the list would trump something lower down the list when faced with a choice between them.
As this list progressed downwards you get into some murky decisions about the priority order of your moral values. For example you might be deciding between whether or not the eradication of all books was more or less bad than the killing of livestock. You might complicate it by including the proximity or relationship of individuals to you — for example is the life of your sibling more or less important than that of two strangers on the other side of the world? How could I compare saving one human life with that eradication of all elephants? Or squirrels? Or a rare species of butterfly?
These are difficult questions and not ones I have the answer for here. But looking back at the original thought experiment, you would undoubtedly call the person who saved the child a hero, and not assign them blame for not saving the dog. If someone did choose to save the dog, you'd likely feel significant misgivings about their moral character. As a rule of thumb, saving human lives trumps reducing animal suffering.
So what happens if we change the scenario to one where you could donate £1000 to save a child, or £1000 to save a dog, would the decision change?
Well the first option is certainly possible.
A lot of human suffering and death
So let's look at one problem that exists in our world:
The World Health Organisation estimates that in 2015 alone, 438,000 people died of malaria — 292,000 of whom were children under 5 in sub-Saharan Africa.
This is a huge number, and incredibly sad to think about — 292,000 children under 5 dying in a year.
What's interesting about this particular problem though, is that we've found an extremely effective way to reduce this number; insecticide-coated mosquito nets. In fact, rates of malaria have halved over the past 15 years, almost entirely because of distributing mosquito nets:
“bednet distributions are one of the most cost-effective ways of preventing disease and death. Since 2000, one billion bednets have been distributed (costing around 5 dollars each), and have averted 450 million cases of malaria — this suggests that, on average, one episode of clinical malaria can be prevented for about $11 (malarial fevers can be very painful). One recent study suggests that in Kenya, bednet distributions between 2003 and 2008 have prevented a death of a child for about $1,011 on average”
Just to reiterate, for just over $1000, it is possible to prevent the death of a child.
The amount of extra money required to achieve universal coverage of malaria nets — a way to prevent suffering and death — was estimated at around $200 million for 2015.
So given that we could establish an order list of moral priorities, and said that the saving of human life should be pretty high up on that list combined with a known cause of human death AND a way to prevent it, do we as a nation give to causes that aim to prevent human suffering and death over others?
Not so much.
Charitable giving
I want to outline some of the consequences of private charitable giving in the UK. None of the following charities are bad in themselves, but I want to pick out some charities who explicitly do not charge themselves with preventing human suffering or death, and look at the amount of money they have fundraised, along with what they did with that money:
The Donkey Sanctuary
From their site:
“In Europe we rehomed 367 animals, the highest number for some years, as the economy in Europe continues to strengthen and our restructured welfare operation settles down. As at 31 December 2015 we were looking after 4,960 donkeys and mules and a further 1,700, mainly donkeys, were living with Donkey Guardians in private homes, schools and other institutions. Our human-donkey interaction work, where both donkeys and humans gain benefit from the mutual contact, recorded growth in the number of projects in both the United Kingdom and other parts of the world such as Ethiopia, Sri Lanka and Belgium.”
Amount raised in 2015 — £31.93 million (that works out at almost £5000 per donkey)
The Dogs Trust
From their website:
Side note — there are estimated to be 8.5 million dogs in the UK, so The Dogs Trust effectively influenced the welfare of 0.18% of the total number of dogs in the UK.
Amount raised in 2015- £83 million
Guide Dogs for the blind
Taken from their site:
We are responsible for around 8,000 dogs at any one time — active working guide dogs and those enjoying their retirement.
We matched 828 people with a guide dog in 2016.
It costs £56,800 to support a guide dog from birth to retirement.
Amount raised in 2015 — £98.90 million
Brain scientists have succeeded in fooling people into thinking they are inside the body of another person or a plastic dummy.
The out-of-body experience - which is surprisingly easy to induce - will help researchers to understand how the human brain constructs a sense of physical self. The research may also lead to practical applications such as more intuitive remote control of robots, treatments for phantom limb pain in amputee patients and possible treatments for anorexia.
The research follows a related study from the same group last year in which the scientists convinced volunteers that they were having an out-of-body experience. It was the first time it had been done in the lab and showed that the intensely spiritual experiences that patients sometimes have while on the operating table, for instance, can have a scientific explanation.
"We are interested in how normal perception works, how we recognise our own body. And we do that by studying these perceptual illusions," said Dr Henrik Ehrsson at the Karolinska Institute in Sweden. "Critically it depends on the visual perspective and the so-called multisensory integration or the combination of visual signals and tactile signals."
In the new study Ehrsson and his colleague, Valeria Petkova, attached two cameras to the head of a dummy. These were hooked up to two small screens placed in front of their subjects' eyes. This gave the illusion that the person was looking through the mannequin's eyes. For example, when they looked down they saw the dummy's body and not their own.
To create the illusion of occupying the dummy's body, the team stroked the abdomen of the subject and the dummy at the same time while the subject watched the stroking via the cameras on the dummy's head. As a result, subjects reported a strong feeling that the dummy's body was their own. The technique is similar to the "rubber hand illusion", in which a subject can be convinced that a rubber hand is his or her own, but this is the first time the illusion has been extended to a whole body.
The illusion was so convincing that when the researchers threatened the dummy with a knife they recorded an increase in the subject's skin conductance response - the indicator of stress that polygraph lie detector tests rely on. "This shows how easy it is to change the brain's perception of the physical self," said Ehrsson, who led the project. "By manipulating sensory impressions, it's possible to fool the self not only out of its body but into other bodies too."
Things got even weirder when the researchers dispensed with the dummy and put the cameras on the head of another person. After carrying out the same double stroking routine the subjects were convinced that they were occupying another person's body. The illusion persisted even when the other person came over and shook the subject's hand, producing the sensation of the subject feeling as if they were shaking hands with themselves.
The researchers plan to use the out-of-body illusion to try to treat amputee patients that experience phantom limb pain in the arm or leg they have lost. "We have begun to realise that there could be a link between pain perception and the feeling of ownership of the body," said Ehrsson.
Another potential angle for research is body image in patients with anorexia. These people become obsessed with reducing their own weight even when they become dangerously thin. "Possibly this approach could be used for new diagnostic tools and maybe therapeutic tools to train people better to recognise their actual body size," he said.
Another application is in remotely operated robots, for example in nuclear power plants or surgery. "The hope is to elicit a full-blown illusion that you are the robot," said Ehrsson.
The results are reported today in the journal PLoS One.
This week on DineSafe a popular Texas barbecue joint was inspected twice, landing conditional passes with each visit. Also inspected this past week was one of Toronto's best butter tart purveyors who landed seven infractions.
See which other establishments got dinged with yellow cards this week on DineSafe.
AAA Public House (598 Gerrard St. East)
Inspected on: March 20, 2017 and March 23, 2017
Inspection finding: Yellow (Conditional)
Number of infractions: 4 (Minor: 1, Significant: 3)
Crucial infractions include: N/A
Casa Manila (879 York Mills Rd.)
Inspected on: March 20, 2017
Inspection finding: Yellow (Conditional)
Number of infractions: 4 (Minor: 1, Significant: 2, Crucial: 1)
Crucial infractions include: Operator failed to ensure food is not contaminated/adulterated.
La Tortilleria (1009 Dufferin St.)
Inspected on: March 20, 2017
Inspection finding: Yellow (Conditional)
Number of infractions: 4 (Minor: 3, Significant: 1)
Crucial infractions include: N/A
Courense Bakery (1014 Bloor St. West)
Inspected on: March 21, 2017
Inspection finding: Yellow (Conditional)
Number of infractions: 2 (Significant: 2)
Crucial infractions include: N/A
Times Square Diner (531 Wilson Heights Blvd.)
Inspected on: March 21, 2017
Inspection finding: Yellow (Conditional)
Number of infractions: 9 (Minor:3 , Significant: 5, Crucial: 1)
Crucial infractions include: Operator failed to ensure food is not contaminated/adulterated.
Inspected on: March 23, 2017
Inspection finding: Yellow (Conditional)
Number of infractions: 5 (Minor: 1, Significant: 3, Crucial: 1)
Crucial infractions include: Operator failed to ensure food is not contaminated/adulterated.
Hakka Garden (25 Overlea Blvd.)
Inspected on: March 23, 2017
Inspection finding: Yellow (Conditional)
Number of infractions: 4 (Minor: 2, Significant: 2)
Crucial infractions include: N/A
Phipps Bakery Cafe (420 Eglinton Ave. East)
Inspected on: March 24, 2017
Inspection finding: Yellow (Conditional)
Number of infractions: 7 (Minor: 3, Significant: 4)
Crucial infractions include: N/A
Sheba Ethiopian (418 College St.)
A group of Israeli cabinet ministers has endorsed a legislative proposal to annex a part of the occupied West Bank that would serve as the eastern border of a future Palestinian state, putting pressure on floundering US-brokered peace negotiations.
The move to annex the Jordan Valley, which makes up almost 30 percent of the occupied West Bank, was approved by members of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's Likud party in the cabinet's legislative committee on Sunday.
The move came just days before another visit to the region by US Secretary of State John Kerry, who is pushing for a peace agreement between Israelis and Palestinians.
Justice Minister Tzipi Livni, who is leading Israel's side in the negotiations, immediately challenged the motion.
She said she would use her powers to block the legislation from being voted on in Israel's parliament, the Knesset.
Earlier this month, Kerry said in Washington that the need to resolve the dispute over the Jordan Valley was "a critical threading of a needle that has to happen in order to achieve an agreement".
He said he was coordinating with Jordan on the issue, as well.
'Palestinian breadbasket'
Israel took control of the Jordan Valley region following the 1967 war. Known as the "Palestinian breadbasket", the Jordan Valley contains most of the West Bank's fertile, agricultural lands.
Israel says maintaining control over the Jordan Valley is crucial to its security interests.
A Palestinian source said a security proposal presented by Kerry earlier this month as part of the peace talks outlined leaving an Israeli military presence in the Jordan Valley for at least 10 years, Reuters news agency reported.
Palestinians rejected the Israeli demand, and the Arab League said the proposal "achieved Israeli security expansionist demands, and guaranteed [Israel's] continued control of [the Jordan Valley] on the security pretext".
Israel's proposal to incorporate the Jordan Valley within its borders is the first Israeli step in decades to annex any territory it captured in 1967.
Shortly after that war, in a move that remains unrecognised internationally, Israel annexed East Jerusalem and added some adjoining Palestinian land from the occupied West Bank to the city, which it regards as its "eternal, undivided" capital.
In 1981, Israel also applied its laws to the occupied Syrian Golan Heights, a strategic plateau that lies to the north.
Apple and Google are set to introduce a new series of “gender-neutral” face emojis in an update.
The new emojis, which were reportedly “approved by the Unicode Consortium earlier this year,” include sets of “genderless adults,” “genderless kids,” and “genderless seniors,” which will be available soon in Apple and Google software updates.
The three sets will feature numerous varieties of each emoji, with different races and hair colors.
In August, LGBT activists criticized Unicode after their shortlist for new emojis excluded individual sexuality pride flags.
As reported by Pink News, the candidates included “a sad poop, a lobster and a lacrosse stick and ball,” but did not “include the much sought-after trans pride flag” or flags for bisexual and asexual pride.
Last year, the world's first set of emojis were added to the Museum of Modern Art.
This year, emojis were used by an algorithm developed by MIT researchers to learn about sarcasm, and how they are used as “a substitute for the tone and body language that brief online text messages cannot otherwise express.” In September, it was reported that a private surveillance company, whose clients include the Pentagon, could “keep tabs” on people communicating entirely in emoji.
Charlie Nash covers technology and LGBT news for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @MrNashington and Gab @Nash, or like his page at Facebook.
DETROIT -- Greg Monroe has signed a $5.48 million, one-year qualifying offer with the Detroit Pistons, according to a person with knowledge of the deal.
The person spoke on condition of anonymity Friday because no announcement had been made. The move sets the stage for the 6-foot-11 Monroe to become an unrestricted free agent after this season.
Greg Monroe's deal sets the stage for him to become an unrestricted free agent after this season. Troy Taormina/USA TODAY Sports
The 24-year-old Monroe has been a consistent scorer for the Pistons since they drafted him with the seventh pick in 2010, but his future with the team is in doubt after Detroit failed to sign the restricted free agent to a long-term contract this offseason.
Yahoo! Sports first reported the signing Friday.
Monroe averaged 15.2 points and 9.3 rebounds in 2013-14 -- numbers almost identical to what he posted during the previous two seasons. He's shot 51 percent from the field over the course of his career.
The Pistons would have had a chance to match any agreement he made with another team this offseason -- an advantage they would lose once Monroe becomes an unrestricted free agent.
The pressure will be on Detroit to return to the playoffs this season under new coach Stan Van Gundy. The Pistons still have Monroe, along with fellow frontcourt players Andre Drummond and Josh Smith.
Detroit has missed the playoffs the last five seasons and gone through several coaches in the process. Monroe and Drummond -- the team's two young big men -- have been among the few bright spots, but it's not clear how much longer the Pistons will be able to hold onto Monroe.
Detroit signed Jodie Meeks, D.J. Augustin and Caron Butler this offseason, trying to add some perimeter shooters to ease some of the pressure on Monroe, Drummond and Smith.
Ufa: BRICS has no plans to form a military and political alliance, Russian President Vladimir Putin said on Wednesday, in an apparent effort to allay apprehensions of the West.
He, however, emphasised that the grouping of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa, having "coinciding strategic interests", wants to change the global monetary order which depends a lot on the US dollar.
"I would like to stress that we do not have any plans to form a BRICS military and political alliance," Putin said ahead of the summit of the five-nation grouping here which will be attended by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and other leaders of the member countries.
Putin's remarks came as Moscow is locked in an bitter standoff with the West over the Ukraine crisis that has seen him given the cold shoulder by the EU and the United States.
He said the BRICS countries intend to strengthen the political element of their cooperation and for that the member nations will develop the practice of mutual consultations and joint actions in international organisations, beginning with the UN.
"In the long term, we will create a virtual BRICS secretariat," he said in an interview to Russian news agency Tass.
Asked how solid a union of countries could be if the majority of them do not have common borders, the Russian President said, "In the modern world, the factor of common borders does not play a defining role. On the contrary, global processes encourage us to join efforts as challenges and problems become shared. In the BRICS case we see a whole set of coinciding strategic interests."
He said the first common intention is to reform the international monetary and financial system.
"In the present form, it is unjust to the BRICS countries and to new economies in general. We should take a more active part in the IMF and the World Bank's decision-making system. The international monetary system itself depends a lot on the US dollar, or, to be precise, on the monetary and financial policy of the US authorities. The BRICS countries want to change this," Putin said.
"Another long-term common interest of the association's members is strengthening the rule of international law and the UN's leading role in the international system. To be honest, without Russia's and China's principled position on Syria in the Security Council the events in that country would have followed the Libyan and Iraqi scenario," he said.
Talking about the BRICS' New Development Bank, he said the initiative to establish it is aimed at expanding cooperation in this sphere.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
A fly was found in an intravenous fluid bag administered to a five-month-old baby at Ewha Womans University Mokdong Hospital last Sunday, putting local health authorities on high alert. [NOCUT NEWS]
A fly was found in an intravenous(IV) bag administered to a five-month-old baby at Ewha Womans University Mokdong Hospital in western Seoul, while another bag at Inha University Hospital in Incheon had what appeared to be a cockroach inside it, the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety announced Tuesday.Doctors ran a blood test on the baby Tuesday, two days after the incident, but found no bacterial infection. A second blood test will be performed Friday. The cockroach at Inha hospital was discovered before the fluid bag was used on any patient.Local health authorities alluded to the possibility that two local companies that supplied the goods to the hospitals were to be blamed for poor management of their products. That refers to SungWon Medical for the case at Ewha, and Shin Chang Medical for Inha.SungWon Medical said in a statement that its IV bag was produced by Medic-Pro Corporation, based in the Philippines.The Ewha case took place on Sunday at 7:35 p.m., when a five-month-old baby who was hospitalized for urinary tract infection was treated with IV fluid. The baby's parents detected the fly in the bag nearly two and a half hours later, and reported the case to the hospital staff. Ewha Womans University Mokdong Hospital reported the discovery to the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety the next day.SungWon Medical, which sold the bags to the Ewha hospital, said the products were made by the Philippine company Medic-Pro Corporation, and that its sole involvement was sterilizing them with a compound called ethylene oxide.That excuse hardly freed SungWon Medical from censure, according to Yoo Hee-sang, head of the Pharmaceutical Safety Evaluation Division under the Food and Drug Safety Ministry, who said the company had ignored the vital, final check-up procedure.“SungWon Medical skipped the steps checking whether its products were polluted by any substance, whether they had the right measurements and were marked by the correct indications,” said Yoo. “It appears that an insect got inside [one of the fluid bags] due to these certain missteps.”The ministry said that its officials were planning to personally visit the Philippine company for an overhaul.The cockroach at Inha University Hospital was discovered Monday, when a nurse who reported finding it while preparing to use the IV bag for a patient.The Food and Drug Safety Ministry advised both hospitals not to use the products and said it would slap a penalty on the medical supplies companies banning them from manufacturing any goods for about a month or two. Nearly 40,000 products of the same fluid bag sold to Ewha have been distributed, while the other one at Inha have sold nearly 70,000, according to the ministry.Health authorities vowed to launch a “special inspection” week next week for an all-out overhaul of IV fluid bags used in local hospitals, while checking how companies supplying the goods managed the imports.“When an insect lands inside an IV fluid bag, the polluted substance can directly flow into the patient's heart or brain, which could really lead to disastrous results,” warned Kim Ui-seok, a doctor at the Department of Infectious Diseases at Seoul National University Bundang Hospital.BY LEE MIN-YOUNG AND JEONG JONG-HOON [lee.sungeun@joongang.co.kr]
If you're a twenty-something woman who talks fast and drinks a lot of coffee (or just anyone with good taste in TV, really), chances are high that you're a major fan of Gilmore Girls. And, chances are even higher that on June 6, you were perched in front of your laptop, eagerly awaiting every new bit of detail from the Gilmore Girls reunion that occurred at the ATX Television Festival. The panel brought nearly every major actor from the show, from Lauren Graham to Kelly Bishop, on-stage together for the first time in years, and to say fans were into it is an understatement on par with "Kirk's a little odd." One person especially excited about the reunion? Alexis Bledel, who played Rory for seven years on the beloved show.
"It was amazing," she says, speaking to Bustle. "It was so cool to hear all the questions... we have wonderful, smart fans, so it was a fun Q&A."
During the panel, Bledel and her castmates were asked about everything from their characters' futures (Rory's still a journalist, obviously) to the potential for a movie (unlikely, but possible!), to the most important question of all: which of Rory's three suitors — Dean, Jess, and Logan — was really the best choice. Bledel demurred from picking a favorite (could you blame her? The three actors were sitting right there), and would rather focus on Rory's job prospects, instead.
"Maybe she'd just be working so hard she'd be focused on her career [instead of dating]," Bledel says. "Or maybe she'd be seeing someone new."
Sure, fine, but what about the guys?
"I can't answer the triangle!" she says, laughing. "People have very strong feeling about it. You can't win. I just expressed [at the panel] that they were all wonderful actors to work with, which is true."
"But," she admits, "it's also the safe answer."
Still, fans certainly weren't happy when Bledel refused to chime in on one of the biggest romance questions of our time, and their reactions were, to say the least, strong. Not that that's unusual for Gilmore fans; viewers of the show tend to be passionate about all things related to the Lorelais and their lives. At the panel, many of the cast members seemed to be used to that type of enthusiasm, but Bledel, who hasn't had as big a post-Gilmore TV career like co-stars Lauren Graham and Jared Padelecki, looked noticeably overwhelmed.
"Lauren had warned me a little bit. She said that our fans are super intense," Bledel says, adding with a laugh, "I was anticipating some intense fanfare, and that's definitely what we got."
Clearly, Graham takes her motherly role seriously, as the elder Lorelai was also responsible for helping to orchestrate one of the event's best moments: a hilarious, quickly-viral photo of the actress alongside her two TV daughters, Bledel and Mae Whitman (Parenthood). Bledel says that Whitman had the initial idea, but they all were more than happy to take part.
"I thought it was so funny," she says. "At the beginning, when they started Parenthood, I think they were joking around like, she was the new daughter and I was out of the picture."
Like fans could ever forget Rory Gilmore. The character, along with her fast-talking mom, is one of TV's most memorable, and thanks to the recent addition of Gilmore Girls on Netflix, tons of people are discovering the show for the very first time, something that Bledel says is very "cool to see."
"It's nice to know that people still like it, [or that] they're discovering it for the first time," she says.
For those (like myself) using the show's availability on Netflix as an excuse to watch it for the 1000th time, nostalgia for the series and its stars is higher than ever. Graham was on TV screens for years as Sarah on Parenthood, but Bledel has largely stayed out of the spotlight, taking on indie films like this month's Jenny's Wedding and small parts on shows like Mad Men instead (not to mention an upcoming role in the next Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants movie — Bledel, who's a producer on the film, says that the film is "moving forward," and that "we're all excited about it"). Don't count out a return to big TV roles, though — Bledel says she auditions for pilots frequently, and is just waiting for an opportunity that feels right.
"I just want to find something that I really like," she says, adding that picking a new show is hard because she was "so spoiled by Gilmore Girls."
Weren't we all?
Image: Warner Bros.
Fifty years from now, when our grandkids clamber up onto our laps and look at us with big doe eyes and say, “Tell me about the history of MMORPGs.” We'll have to look those young, naive children in the eye and lie about what a sad year 2014 was.
It wasn't terrible, but the year was punctuated by several releases that were, well, uh, less than stellar. Unfortunately, The Elder Scrolls Online happened to be in that number. MMOs have a tendency to limp out of the gate and built momentum over time, and as launch day neared for Bethesda's sacred franchise, things weren't looking good.
Which is why you might be surprised to hear that despite its launch woes, The Elder Scrolls Online has been trucking along ever since. The little MMORPG that could announce it would be dropping its mandatory subscription fee just in time for its console release. And, a week before the Xbox One gets its first real taste of an MMORPG (PS4 already has Final Fantasy XIV), I've decided to take on the noble quest of explaining why The Elder Scrolls Online isn't the doom and gloom so many people make it out to be.
The Kinks In Questing Have Largely Been Worked Out
Launching an MMORPG is like giving a delicate flower you spent years doting over to a horde of screaming, roughhousing children; they will destroy everything beautiful about it in minutes. It's not the children's fault, of course. They're just doing what children do. But the sheer volume of players that surge headlong into your servers will make them buckle, and all sorts of problems will present themselves in a million ways.
At launch, The Elder Scrolls Online was kind of a mess. During the beta weekends, Zenimax Online Studios clearly didn't have a solid vision for their game as they made massive changes like making starter islands mandatory, and then optional. Not only that, but the game was built on a foundation that encouraged role-playing, something that was severely hampered when you were one of 300 half naked characters trying to talk to the same town guard.
Things got even worse when you walked into a cave to confront an evil necromancer and just as he finished his epic speech those 300 naked characters pounced on him before you could even get a sword hit in, forcing you to wait until he respawned.
I think you get the point: the stitches in the game were showing, and they weren't pretty.
The good news is that, with time, some dedicated patchwork, and with the playerbase spreading out so zones don't look like hurricane relief centers, The Elder Scrolls Online feels like a much more fluid and interesting experience.
Going back to Tamriel, whether on the console or PC, is probably going to surprise you with just how cohesive it feels. Quests have been tuned properly, the new player experience is much friendlier and more instructive, and overall the game is starting to possess a polish that it was sorely lacking in earlier months.
Questing and Pacing Are Unique and Worthy of Attention
In a genre dominated by quests that are as substantial as eating packets of Splenda and calling it supper, The Elder Scrolls Online still feels like a game in a league of its own. Quests rarely fall into the archetypes we have all come to know and hate, and the attention to narrative and world building are both welcome additions to the genre. The Elder Scrolls Online does a fantastic job of getting you involved in the game on a deeper level than hoping the axe you get for beating a necromancer to death with 300 comrades gives you +1 to damage.
But most of all, Elder Scrolls Online is a game that benefits from sitting back and taking things slowly. I don't know about you, but I find the madhouse grind to endgame that many MMORPGs encourage to be absolutely exhausting. A lot of the time, that grind is encouraged because—surprise, surprise—the actual content pre-endgame is hot, filthy garbage on a summer day.
Leveling up to the cap in The Elder Scrolls Online actually has substance to it. The questing is interesting regardless of level, and the world is absolutely littered with points of interest that you'll want to visit regardless of what you might find.
It's refreshing to play a game where you don't feel like you have to invest 70 hours just to start doing cool stuff.
The One-of-a-kind PVP Adds a Whole New Element to the Game
Player versus player combat is a time honored tradition of just about every MMO out there. It varies from game to game, but whether it takes place in an arena or out in the wilderness, players are always scrambling for opportunities to beat the other team's necromancer to death with 300 of their friends.
The Elder Scrolls Online‘s unique Alliance vs Alliance mode is truly unlike anything offered by most contemporary MMOs. Not only is this a fully fledged PVP mode, but it takes place on the massive continent of Cyrodiil (the setting from Oblivion) and pits you in a three way fight for the Elder Scrolls. What makes this system so incredible is the massive battles it encourages, as armies meet to capture fortresses and keeps in epic conflicts worthy of anything portrayed in Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings.
Server lag still presents an issue during these fights, but overall the experience is far smoother than it was at launch. Cyrodiil isn't just a massive battleground either; it contains a wealth of quests, dungeons, and things to see and do when you aren't actively skewering people.
Joining up with 300 other players and laying siege to keeps full of necromancers with catapults and ballistae is a very unique experience, and the chaotic melees that unfold once the walls have crumbled is always a great time.
Furthermore, Zenimax Online Studios have made tweaks to the AvAvA system by introducing special instances for players who are below level cap, meaning you won't feel significantly outgunned by veteran champions.
The Justice System Helps Evoke More of Skyrim
When The Elder Scrolls Online launched and people were raging and discussing the game at length, a large portion of the dissatisfaction with the game could be summarized by people having expectations that differed from the final product. Simply, people wanted Skyrim Online, and instead they received a game much more akin to traditional MMO sensibilities.
I'm not going to bother weighing in one way or the other, but Zenimax Online Studios are obviously aware of how their game disappointed Elder Scrolls loyalists and have been working hard to bring to the table something to change their mind. The justice system is one way in which they are doing just that.
Tamriel feels significantly more flexible now that players can pilfer and murder their way across the countryside. Non-player characters can be pickpocketed and attacked, and there are consequences to having sticky fingers when rummaging through someone's things.
Eventually, a bounty system will be rolled out where players can also be tasked with taking the unsavory players of TESO to task, but until it launches, we'll refrain from commenting on it.
Veteran Ranks Will Soon Be a Distant Nightmare
The big problem with The Elder Scrolls Online is that, right now, getting to level cap is like climbing this big beautiful mountain: You take your time, you enjoy the sights, and look forward to reaching the top. Then, when you finally crest the last rise and stand on the summit, the clouds clear and you realize you've only made it a third of the way. Taking your time and enjoying things is great and all, but I mean, come on. We need to start endgame some day!
Veteran Ranks were a fancy way of leveling up beyond the level cap, and earning ranks required experience that your character could gather through a variety of means. The big problem being that, for a long time, the best way to earn the experience required was by running through the leveling content of the other two faction zones.
This was a huge problem, especially if you liked rolling alternative characters, since you were basically replaying the same quality of content over and over. Furthermore, the experience gains were imbalanced in such a way as to push players towards this content over the other options like running dungeons, pledges, PVP, and more. No fun.
Zenimax Online Studios have slowly been rolling out a series of changes that will eventually culminate in the whole Veteran system being beaten to death by 300 developers in front of a cheering crowd. That moment hasn't happened, but we're a good chunk of the way there.
The Champion system will be the Veteran Ranks' much more attractive and cooler brother that we'd way rather hang out with. It introduces a horizontal account-wide progression system that allows you to plug points into various skill trees that offer passive bonuses. We're also expecting it to eventually re-balance the endgame to make it far more approachable for players not wanting to spend their days as Tamriel's butler.
If you're like me, you can't wait to waste the summer away in a basement and then spend the winter lamenting how pale and sickly you look. It's really the greatest time of year. So if you're looking for that perfect game to help you achieve a skin tone that would make 16th century nobles swoon, The Elder Scrolls Online is certainly a promising proposition. So put away that sunscreen and those pink shorts, you have a fantasy world that needs saving.
Related: Column
The study says that fiscal revenue loss amounts to 3.6 per cent of gross domestic product (GDP) and 18 per cent of the tax revenue of the Palestinian National Authority.
The study, Palestinian Fiscal Revenue Leakage to Israel under the Protocol on Economic Relations, indicates that the leaked Palestinian public revenue would give the Palestinian National Authority greater ability to stimulate the economy and increase annual GDP by four percentage points and create additional 10,000 jobs per year.
In order for this leakage to be stemmed, the study makes recommendations to transform it into a more balanced framework consistent with Palestinian economic realities that have greatly changed since 1994. For example, it suggests modifying the Paris Protocol (1994), which remains the general framework governing Palestinian trade relations and economic and tax policies.
According to the study, a report by the Israeli Central Bank indicates that 39 per cent of Palestinian imports from Israel originate in third countries, cleared as Israeli imports before being sold in the Occupied Palestinian Territory as if they had been produced in Israel. Customs revenue from these "indirect imports" is collected by the Israeli authorities but is not transferred to the Palestinian National Authority.
Moreover, the Palestinian National Authority's lack of control over Palestinian borders makes smuggling from Israel and Israeli settlements another source of significant fiscal revenue loss. The value of goods smuggled from Israel and Israeli settlements into the Occupied Palestinian Territory is estimated to be in the range of 25–35 per cent of the latter's total imports, the study says. Where the smuggled goods are produced in Israel, the Palestinian National Authority loses value added tax (VAT) and purchase tax revenue. However, where the goods are produced in a third country, tariff revenue is also leaked – to the Israeli treasury – along with VAT and purchase tax revenue.
The study underlines that there are additional output and employment costs to the Palestinian economy. These costs represent the extent to which the Palestinian economy would have been able to increase GDP and employment had this leakage been curtailed, and the money transferred from the Israeli treasury to the Palestinian treasury, as called for by the Paris Protocol.
Furthermore, the significant resource leakage perpetuates the Palestinian National Authority's fiscal fragility and undermines its capacity for fiscal planning as well as its ability to finance development expenditure and steer the macroeconomy towards maximizing growth and job creation, the study shows.
The study emphasizes, however, that the hitherto estimated annual fiscal revenue loss is partial and conservative, and points to the need for further research to quantify revenue leakage from multiple other sources, such as the following:
Untransferred revenues from taxes levied by Israel and Israeli settlements on incomes of Palestinians working in Israeli settlements
Losses incurred by use of the dominant Israeli currency
Revenue loss related to lack of control over Palestinian land and natural resources
Loss suffered by the Palestinian public sector of financial resources related to the importation of petroleum, energy and water
The study recommends that the Palestinian National Authority should be allowed full access to all data related to imports from or via Israel when the final destination of consumption is the Occupied Palestinian Territory, that existing time restrictions preventing the Palestinian National Authority from claiming due revenues be abolished, that Palestinian dependency on Israel be ended by removing barriers to trade with countries other than Israel and that the Palestinian National Authority be provided with the financial and human resources needed to strengthen its customs administration capacity.
Joe Biden won the debate. Not nearly as decisively as Mitt Romney won last week's obviously. Paul Ryan had some good moments, and he at least arrived prepared. I guess the snap CNN poll says he won narrowly, 48-44. But a CBS snap poll gave it to Biden by a much wider 50-31.
The CBS people are right. The pressure here was much greater on Biden than Ryan. If Biden had flubbed this the way Obama did, this race might have been done. But he didn't, and he did all the things he needed to do:
*He punched, he came to play, he gave the Democratic base the shot in the arm it desperately needed after last week.
*He made sure he worked in the main critiques of Romney—on Medicare, on taxes, on the 47 percent, which if anything he returned to one time too many.
*He didn't win every issue, but he won the important ones. His riff on taxes was terrific, his Medicare answer was maybe a little confusing to people not up on the policy details, but at least he was playing offense and Ryan defense. And his answer on religion and abortion was fantastic. I guarantee you that the gender gap reopened a little tonight. Maybe more than a little.
*He was very forceful on Afghanistan. He may not necessarily be right on the merits. But the American people just want out of that war, and that's what he said would happen.
*And no malapropisms! Biden very clearly outperformed expectations.
Ryan underperformed his. Again, he was not terrible by any means. He was probably at his best at the very beginning, on Benghazi, where he delivered some strong lines. Biden was pretty good here, too—he made sure to raise the fact that Ryan had voted to decrease the diplomatic security budget. Ryan was persuasive on the specific question of consular security, but when he tried to broaden it out to a case about American weakness, that was just for the Fox crowd, and I don't think it resonates much beyond.
But he was the worst on Afghanistan. We agree with a 2014 exit deadline, we don't agree with it. There, he got caught, and you could see on his face that he knew he got caught. I also gave it to Biden on points, barely, in the discussions on Iran and Syria.
Biden didn't say it in quite as direct a way as he needed to, but he was trying to say and mostly saying: So tell the people, what exactly would you do that we're not? You can only mean sending in troops. War. When Ryan had to deny that that was what he meant, the differences between the two tickets pretty much vaporized.
Yes, Biden interrupted too much. This is what the wingers are going to be trying to push now. And his smile. “Condescending,” they will say. And they'll bitch about Martha Raddatz. This is the kind of thing people do when they know their guy lost. Raddatz was very good for the first hour. I loved that she opened up with Benghazi; let's just dig right in.
But she was weak in the last half hour. Those last three questions were awful. Complaints about civility? Campaigns are nasty. That's how it is. I was shocked, by the way, when I saw a couple tweets to the effect that Ryan's answer to that question was his best moment of the night. But he just went on the attack. He was supposed to be reassuring a civic-minded soldier that there was something redeeming about our political culture!
So the question is, what's the impact? I doubt it's huge. But it's real. Democrats should be re-energized. Hopefully Obama himself will be energized. Biden just looked energetic. He looked happy up there, looked like he wanted the thing to go on for hours. I watched both men closely while the other was talking. At the beginning, Ryan held his chin up, looked confident. By the end, he was holding his face lower. Biden's expression never changed.
Depending on how many people watched, here's what may have happened: bleeding stauched; momentum moved mildly back in the Democratic direction; table set for Obama to build on Biden's tax and Medicare arguments in the next debate. For a guy who often makes the news only when he says something screwy, that's a nice night's work. I'd love the irony if the story of this campaign on Nov. 7 is that Biden salvaged Obama's error.
Almost €7 billion of the EU budget was illegally spent in 2013, the European Court of Auditors (ECA) revealed on Wednesday (5 November), as it declined to sign off EU spending for the 20th consecutive year.
Although the error rate of misspent funds fell fractionally to 4.7 percent from 4.8 percent in 2012, this is still well above the 2 percent threshold under which ECA could classify payments as error-free. Spending on administration was the only part of the budget to fall within the threshold, with an estimated 1 percent error rate.
In total, EU spending in 2013 reached €148.5 billion.
Regional policy and funds for rural development had the highest error rate, with 6.9 percent and 6.7 percent of monies going astray respectively.
The most common errors included the over-declaration of land by farmers and payments being made to firms which had been classified as small businesses despite being owned by a large company.
In one example offered by the court, a Sardinian farmer was compensated for not using environmentally harmful plant protection products on artichokes but was found to have used the products repeatedly during an on-­the-­spot visit by the ECA.
While the figures are not surprising the Court of Auditors' report is a constant source of embarrassment for the EU institutions.
The European Commission is legally responsible for all EU spending, but it says its hands are tied since around 80 percent of spending is controlled and paid out locally by national governments and local authorities.
ECA president Vitor Caldeira laid most of the blame at the door of national governments. The error rate "would have been much lower in many areas" if governments "had done what they should have to prevent irregular reimbursement requests from being presented," he said.
He added that EU spending per citizen worked out at €290, of which €13 had been misspent.
However, Caldeira also called for a change in culture away from spending EU money for the sake of it. In a statement, the ECA said that "priority was given to spending the money - ‘use it or lose it' - rather than to achieving good results".
"The choice of projects to receive EU funds focused first on disbursing the EU money available, secondly on complying with the rules," it added, which is a "fundamental flaw in the design of much of the EU budget".
"This is not peanuts", said Ingeborg Grassle, the German MEP who speaks for the centre-right EPP group on budgetary control. She added that a number of EU countries were continuing to "fleece the EU".
Ryszard Carnecki, a deputy in the conservative ECR group, commented that "European governments are largely to blame for these failures, but the commission is responsible for the budget and needs to get a grip."
For her part, Spanish centre-left MEP Ines Ayala Sender warned that the EU would face €26 billion of unpaid bills by the end of 2014 and needed to "find a solution to make sure that the EU does not commit itself above what it can pay".
Jimmy Kimmel broke down late Monday while talking about the mass shooting in Las Vegas.
“It's the kind of thing that makes you want to throw up or give up,” he said. “It's too much to even process”
As he talked about the public's response to Sunday night's massacre, which left 59 dead and more than 500 injured, Kimmel slammed the argument that “there is nothing we can do” to prevent future attacks.
ADVERTISEMENT
Kimmel, who is from Las Vegas, noted that Stephen Paddock, the suspected gunman, obtained his arsenal of semi-automatic weapons legally and passed a government-mandated background check when purchasing them.
“I don't know why our so-called leaders continue to allow this to happen,” Kimmel said. “Or maybe a better question is why do we continue to let them allow it to happen."
Kimmel also criticized the White House's response to the shooting. In a press briefing Monday, press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said it was “not the time” for political debate about gun control.
“We have 59 innocent people dead. It wasn't their time either,” Kimmel said. “I think now is the time for political debate.”
He singled out GOP lawmakers like Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell Addison (Mitch) Mitchell McConnellHouse to push back at Trump on border Democrats block abortion bill in Senate Overnight Energy: Climate protesters storm McConnell's office | Center-right group says Green New Deal could cost trillion | Dire warnings from new climate studies MORE (R-Ky.) and Speaker Paul Ryan Paul Davis RyanBrexit and exit: A transatlantic comparison Five takeaways from McCabe's allegations against Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Sanders set to shake up 2020 race MORE (R-Wis.), who he said have voted in line with or accepted money from the National Rifle Association and said Monday they were sending “thoughts and prayers” to Las Vegas victims.
“They should be praying for God to forgive them for letting the gun lobby run this country,” he said. “With all due respect, your thoughts and your prayers are insufficient.”
Hello everyone, I'm Simon Harris, an Executive Producer at Supermassive Games. I'm hugely excited today to share some updates on our upcoming PSVR games The Inpatient and Bravo Team. These are two very different games but they share our passion for immersion and innovation.
VR is something we are very excited about at Supermassive Games. We've taken a lot of the learnings from our previous PS VR titles – Until Dawn: Rush of Blood and Tumble VR – into The Inpatient and Bravo Team and can't wait for you to play them. The good news is you won't need to wait long – we're delighted to announce that Bravo Team will be launching on December 5, 2017 and The Inpatient on November 21, 2017.
Bravo Team for PlayStation VR
That's not all. We've got a new trailer for The Inpatient that we are excited to premiere here! The focus of the trailer is on the story of the game. As you explore Blackwood Sanatorium you'll start to piece together the rich backstory. Certain objects you find will trigger vivid flashbacks, helping you to discover your past and the circumstances which brought you there. You'll also get to meet the staff and patients, each with their own agendas and motivations which may or may not be immediately clear. We hope you enjoy the trailer and can't wait for you to play The Inpatient and Bravo Team soon.
As you may remember from our E3 announcement, The Inpatient is a horror game with psychological elements. Set in the Blackwood Sanatorium from Until Dawn, the game transports you back to the 1950's when the facility was in its bustling prime. You take on the role of a patient with no knowledge of who you are or how you got to be there. Choice and consequence are integral to the gameplay. As you investigate the Blackwood Sanatorium in an effort to recall lost memories and discover who you are, your decisions and actions will determine the fate of people that you meet.
The Inpatient for PlayStation VR
You'll get to influence and shape how the story unfolds as you witness the horrific events of the sanatorium's final days.
Our other upcoming PSVR game is Bravo Team. This is a first-person cover based shooter built for teamwork – both in single-player and two-player online co-op. Set in a fictional modern-day Eastern European city, Bravo Team puts you into an intense firefight that will test both your shooting and tactical combat skills. We were inspired by action movies set in warzones, so think intense combat, quick thinking and constant communication. While the game is fully compatible with the standard DualShock 4 or Move controllers, we have really enjoyed exploring the immersive opportunities of the PS VR Aim controller. For example you can raise the Aim to view through the iron sight or hold above your head to blind fire.
MOSCOW — The 26 elk lips were just the tip of the pile. The items the Russian customs agents reported seizing Tuesday were exotic even by the standards of Russia's border with China, where wildlife smuggling is rampant: 1,041 bear paws, lynx fur, unspecified claw parts and five tusks from the extinct woolly mammoth.
Officials said they discovered the cargo after a dog alerted them to the contents in the bed of a Chinese driver's seemingly empty truck. On closer examination, officials found a secret compartment with the cache of contraband.
“The illegal cargo weighing almost 1.4 tons was detained by border guards and customs officials” a statement explained. The items were individually wrapped, the statement said, though it did not say if the compartment was refrigerated. The elk lips alone weighed 143 pounds.
Smuggling is generally blossoming in Russia's Far East. The long border with China, closed for decades, is now open for travel and trade.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“China is a vacuum cleaner for Siberian wildlife,” said Aleksei L. Vaisman, a senior coordinator for Traffic Europe-Russia, which is sponsored by the conservation group WWF, which monitors trade in wild animals. The largest cache of bear paws he knew of previously was 787 paws (one paw shy of 197 full sets of four).
Max Holloway isn't buying Jose Aldo's rhetoric that he's a more confident man going into their rematch at UFC 218.
Last week, Aldo was granted a rare opportunity in the world of mixed martial arts of an immediate rematch for his title after Frankie Edgar pulled out of UFC 218's scheduled main event against Holloway in Detroit, Michigan.
Aldo, who famously isn't a fan of short notice fights, became the late notice replacement in order to get his shot at the 145-pound title. Buoyed by the opportunity, Aldo claims he is a far more motivated man than the one who fought Holloway first time around, and that his second shot has rejuvenated him.
Claims that the new champion simply isn't swayed by.
“This guy — we fought him in his hometown, he was the champion — and for him to be saying that now he feels way more motivated.. fighting for your country and fighting in front of your people for your belt is not enough motivation, what's going on?” Holloway said, speaking on the UFC 218 media call. “I'm motivated. The belt is great. You know what comes with the belt? Better payday, pay-per-views and a lot more stuff, but the belt is the belt. A fight is a fight.
“I ain't trying to go out there and get my butt whooped, my ass whooped in front of billions of people watching at home, thousands of people. That's not what I'm about. I'm in the hurt business. I'm out there, and I want to win. I don't care who I fight. I could fight this guy 10 times in a row. I'll be motivated. That's just what it is.
“That's this warrior spirit that I have in myself and this whole belief I have in myself. It doesn't take much to motivate me. I don't know why people talk about, ‘It's hard to get motivation.' You're in the wrong business, man. In this business you can get hurt. There's another guy trying to hurt you seriously in there. This guy's talking about motivation. It just blows my mind.”
–
(1539)
comments
National Methodology & Explanation
Our objective is to assess the accuracy of polling, not to predict the outcome of the election. The values depicted above intend to represent an aggregate view of state-level public polling. Our values can be thought of as the polling implied outcome; if polling is correct, the election's outcome should match our values.
Each state's outcome is treated as an independent event as is each candidate's percentage. In reality this is not the case. Outcomes are most certainly correlated based upon empirical information like geography and demographics. Our view, which is consistent with letting polling tell the story, is that any such correlation should be observable and expressed through polling.
Candidate totals are calculated using a quadratic local regression with an alpha of 80%; if too few polls are available a least-squares regression is used. The calculated value for each candidate's regression, along with the variance, is used as input to calculate the probability that a given candidate's total will be greatest. A standard distribution is used to determine the likelihood of victory in a given state. Once each state's probability is known, a 51-dimension cartesian product is generated to assess the likelihood of receiving 270 or more electoral votes.
More thorough information containing technical details and our data collection criteria is available in our methodology series.
hofven Profile Joined January 2012 Sweden 43 Posts Last Edited: 2012-06-04 13:56:38 #1
NASL Week 6, TargA Battles The Infested Terran, MorroW
Getting to this point has not been easy for Mindfreak's TargA. Now sitting in a rather comfortable 4th place standing in the NASL division 5 brackets the Norwegian Zerg has proven what he's capable of. With a slew of impressive wins against the dominant players in Sheth, Jinro, and most recently White-Ra; TargA has shown he is a force to be reckoned with. But the games are not over. With the Korean strengths of Puzzle and MC still ahead in division standings, and with a very scary Polt trailing in 5th place, TargA still has his games to win, and yet more to prove. This Sunday TargA gears up for his series with MorroW in what is sure to be a ZvT to take notes on.
TargA has been improving at an impressive rate over the course of the season. The caliber of play needed to secure a spot at NASL's live event has been looming over the young Zergs head, however. While TargA's opponents to date have been big names and commendable triumphs on the Zergs behalf, the challenge he finds in MorroW will be much more difficult to face. This is one of those instances where a match is not only difficult because of one player tremendous proficiency for playing the game, but also because of what that same player knows about the match-up. What I'm trying to say is if Starcraft 2 match-ups were vegetables, ZvT would be MorroW's metaphorical onion. And you can trust this, MorroW knows his onion.
The evidence for this of course is indisputable. It was just last week when MorroW 4-0'd IdrA in NASL's Sunday showdown. And while IdrA has not posted heart stopping results for awhile now, the win is still tremendous nonetheless. It speaks volumes about the race picking MorroW, and his understanding of the ZvT match-up. MorroW, like TargA, also plays the ZvT game from the Zerg's perspective. In the game of Starcraft 2 there is something to be said about level of game understanding and it's correlation to time spent playing the game from different perspectives. For instance while TargA understands how to respond well to what he sees a Terran doing, MorroW can analyze the state of the current game and see what TargA sees, twofold.
The implications of this are simple. Without complicating things by trying to explain the levels of meta-game involved with playing against someone like MorroW, what can be said is rather blunt. MorroW's in-game decision making and strategy will be second to none. This is where the challenge for TargA will reside. MorroW knows both the Terran mind, and the Zerg one. To borrow a fighting game term, in the ZvT match TargA's opponent holds the ultimate Yomi. MorroW will be in TargA's head through and through. Any strategy TargA chooses, theoretically MorroW will have seen it coming from a mile out, and he'll be ready with an earnest response of his own.
If TargA seeks to usurp MorroW from his 2nd place standings position, he will have to be prepared to play honestly against MorroW. Tricks and gimmicks will not work here, as MorroW will always call the bluff. The one conceivable edge that TargA maintains this Sunday will be his edge in mechanics. Because MorroW presumably plays Terran much less than TargA plays Zerg, TargA should be the faster player. So long as TargA dispatches all efforts of a focused push, and shuts down any multi-pronged harass efficiently, TargA will win the longer game.
Be sure to tune into this Sunday's NASL Season 3 Division 5 bracket games with Mouz Sport's Morrow against Mindfreak's TargA. Can TargA continue his climb up the standings, or will MorroW prove that he plays the ZvT match-up from the winning side?
~ By Stephen Spor
Don't forget to check out the other posts of TargA's NASL journey
Match preview vs White-ra:
Match preview vs Jinro:
Match preview vs MC:
Match preview vs Sheth:
Match preview vs QXC:
Links:
+ Show Spoiler +
Mindfreak Esports Twitter - Facebook
SteelSeries Twitter - Facebook
ScufGaming Twitter - Facebook
Follow TargA on Twitter Mindfreak Esports www.mindfreak-esports.com SteelSeries www.steelseries.com ScufGaming www.scufgaming.com Getting to this point has not been easy for Mindfreak's TargA. Now sitting in a rather comfortable 4th place standing in the NASL division 5 brackets the Norwegian Zerg has proven what he's capable of. With a slew of impressive wins against the dominant players in Sheth, Jinro, and most recently White-Ra; TargA has shown he is a force to be reckoned with. But the games are not over. With the Korean strengths of Puzzle and MC still ahead in division standings, and with a very scary Polt trailing in 5th place, TargA still has his games to win, and yet more to prove. This Sunday TargA gears up for his series with MorroW in what is sure to be a ZvT to take notes on.TargA has been improving at an impressive rate over the course of the season. The caliber of play needed to secure a spot at NASL's live event has been looming over the young Zergs head, however. While TargA's opponents to date have been big names and commendable triumphs on the Zergs behalf, the challenge he finds in MorroW will be much more difficult to face. This is one of those instances where a match is not only difficult because of one player tremendous proficiency for playing the game, but also because of what that same player knows about the match-up. What I'm trying to say is if Starcraft 2 match-ups were vegetables, ZvT would be MorroW's metaphorical onion. And you can trust this, MorroW knows his onion.The evidence for this of course is indisputable. It was just last week when MorroW 4-0'd IdrA in NASL's Sunday showdown. And while IdrA has not posted heart stopping results for awhile now, the win is still tremendous nonetheless. It speaks volumes about the race picking MorroW, and his understanding of the ZvT match-up. MorroW, like TargA, also plays the ZvT game from the Zerg's perspective. In the game of Starcraft 2 there is something to be said about level of game understanding and it's correlation to time spent playing the game from different perspectives. For instance while TargA understands how to respond well to what he sees a Terran doing, MorroW can analyze the state of the current game and see what TargA sees, twofold.The implications of this are simple. Without complicating things by trying to explain the levels of meta-game involved with playing against someone like MorroW, what can be said is rather blunt. MorroW's in-game decision making and strategy will be second to none. This is where the challenge for TargA will reside. MorroW knows both the Terran mind, and the Zerg one. To borrow a fighting game term, in the ZvT match TargA's opponent holds the ultimate Yomi. MorroW will be in TargA's head through and through. Any strategy TargA chooses, theoretically MorroW will have seen it coming from a mile out, and he'll be ready with an earnest response of his own.If TargA seeks to usurp MorroW from his 2nd place standings position, he will have to be prepared to play honestly against MorroW. Tricks and gimmicks will not work here, as MorroW will always call the bluff. The one conceivable edge that TargA maintains this Sunday will be his edge in mechanics. Because MorroW presumably plays Terran much less than TargA plays Zerg, TargA should be the faster player. So long as TargA dispatches all efforts of a focused push, and shuts down any multi-pronged harass efficiently, TargA will win the longer game.Be sure to tune into this Sunday's NASL Season 3 Division 5 bracket games with Mouz Sport's Morrow against Mindfreak's TargA. Can TargA continue his climb up the standings, or will MorroW prove that he plays the ZvT match-up from the winning side?Don't forget to check out the other posts of TargA's NASL journeyMatch preview vs White-ra: http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=337066 Match preview vs Jinro: http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=335244 Match preview vs MC: http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=332947 Match preview vs Sheth: http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=331357 Match preview vs QXC: http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=329135 Links: "The only mistake in life is the lesson not learned" https://twitter.com/Quantichofven
The present study assessed the effects of OT, AVP and MDMA across CPP, social-CPP and object-CPP paradigms with the primary aim of determining whether the distinctive increase in social interaction produced by these drugs in rats might reflect a magnification of social reward during interactions.
Experiment 1 showed that OT, AVP and MDMA, given at doses known to be strongly prosocial in male Long–Evans rats (Ramos et al. 2013), did not induce a conventional place preference or place aversion. Overall, surprisingly few studies have investigated OT and AVP effects in the CPP paradigm. A recent report suggests a lack of CPP after centrally administered OT (Baracz et al. 2012), while an earlier study demonstrated that peripheral administration of a very high dose of OT, presumably with major autonomic side effects (Hicks et al. 2014), induced a CPP (Liberzon et al. 1997). AVP, on the other hand, produced a place aversion after peripheral injection of 0.006 mg/kg (Ettenberg et al. 1983), consistent with its presumed anxiogenic effects (Mak et al. 2012). The absence of place aversion with AVP at a similar dose (0.005 mg/kg) in the current experiment is, therefore, somewhat surprising although it can be noted that the earlier study used Wistar strain rats, a subcutaneous route of AVP administration, and did not feature an untreated control group. All of these factors might have influenced the results obtained.
Studies of MDMA in the CPP paradigm have obtained mixed outcomes (for review see Tzschentke 2007). Those showing a place preference with MDMA tend to use mice (Rodriguez-Arias et al. 2013), single-housed rats (Bilsky et al. 1998), higher MDMA doses (Bilsky et al. 1998) or MDMA administered during the test sessions as well as conditioning sessions (Herzig et al. 2005). Our results are in line with at least one previous study showing that MDMA (5 mg/kg) given to group-housed rats does not induce a CPP (Meyer et al. 2002). Group-housed, but not single-housed rats, may show heightened anxiety during CPP conditioning due to being repeatedly isolated from their cage mates. In this case, MDMA might exacerbate anxiety due to its known anxiogenic effects in individual rats (Morley and McGregor 2000), that might antagonise any inherently rewarding effects of the drug.
Experiment 2 showed for the first time that OT and MDMA induce a robust social-CPP. That is, an environment in which rats given OT or MDMA encountered each other comes to be strongly preferred, with this effect enduring for at least 4 weeks post-conditioning. These findings suggest that OT and MDMA can potentiate the rewarding effects of social interaction, consistent with subjective human reports (Bedi et al. 2009; Meyer-Lindenberg et al. 2011; Wardle et al. 2014). AVP, on the other hand, only produced a non-significant trend towards social-CPP, a trend that did not persist over time. So while AVP is known to enhance social recognition memory in rodents after brief social interaction (Bielsky et al. 2005; Dantzer et al. 1987; Dantzer et al. 1988; Veenema et al. 2011) this does not appear to reflect an equivalent modulation of social reward.
The behavioural observations from some of the conditioning sessions in experiment 2 revealed that OT, AVP and MDMA-treated rats all spent significantly more time engaged in physical contact with their partners during conditioning session 1 compared to control animals. These results are consistent with our findings that these drugs acutely increase adjacent lying behaviour in rats tested in the social interaction test (Ramos et al. 2013). However, only rats treated with AVP and MDMA continued to show increased contact time with their partner during session 4 compared to controls. The decrease in physical contact seen in OT-treated rats from session 1 to session 4 of conditioning was an unexpected finding and suggests that the prosocial effects of OT may diminish over time in the same pair of exposed rats. In contrast, MDMA-treated rats spent an equivalent amount of time engaged in physical contact across conditioning sessions, consistent with the overall prosocial effects of the drug, and its robust capacity to enhance tactile and social reward (Harris 2004; Wardle and de Wit 2014). AVP-treated rats also showed consistent high levels of conspecific contact across conditioning trials, although this may reflect the anxiogenic properties of AVP treatment (Beurel and Nemeroff 2014; Mak et al. 2012). The action of AVP on V 1B receptors increases anxiety-related behaviours in mice (Egashira et al. 2007; Griebel et al. 2002) and rats (Bowen and McGregor 2014) leading to defensive aggregation. The absence of social-CPP consequent to AVP treatment suggests that the type of social interaction induced by AVP, be it defensive aggregation or similar, does not have prominent rewarding effects.
Experiment 3 investigated the relatively novel phenomenon of ‘object-CPP', to examine whether pairing OT, AVP and MDMA with a non-social, yet tactile and dynamic stimulus (i.e. a tennis ball) would lead to a preference for the object-paired environment over an environment paired with a drug-free encounter with a conspecific; a social pairing that does not usually induce a CPP (Douglas et al. 2004). Access to a tennis ball induces a CPP (Peartree et al. 2012) in untreated juvenile rats, but this effect was not recapitulated in the present study with our adult control rats. In contrast, OT and MDMA, but not AVP, induced a preference for the object-paired environment. These results suggest that OT and MDMA have the capacity to specifically enhance the rewarding effects of the tennis ball stimulus. This effect was still weakly present at 2 weeks in the OT and MDMA groups, but only in the MDMA group at the 4 week time point.
The preference for the compartment paired with the ball observed in OT and MDMA-treated rats appeared somewhat weaker overall than the preference induced by a conspecific, but was nevertheless a striking effect. Indeed, this novel result emphasises the need for suitable control procedures when investigating the social-CPP induced by drugs. The preference for the drug and ball-paired compartment may be linked to pleasurable physical interaction with the ball in MDMA- and OT-treated rats during conditioning sessions. Indeed, OT-treated rats gradually increased their interaction with the ball across conditioning sessions, showing an opposite pattern to conspecific interaction, which decreased across the same time interval. This increase in contact with the ball may be due to enhanced tactile reward and familiarity with the ball. OT levels are likely raised when people touch a soft inanimate object (i.e. a teddy bear; Tai et al. 2011), while in humans and rats endogenous OT is released in response to stroking or massage (Morhenn et al. 2012; Uvnas-Moberg 1998). Madularu et al. (2014) recently reported that female rats given OT preferred a familiar object over a novel one in the object recognition test, suggesting that OT may be involved in preference and approach towards familiar non-social stimuli. In contrast to the behaviours seen in the partner pairing conditioning sessions, AVP-treated animals showed little interest in the ball during either session, perhaps due to an absence of modulatory effects of AVP on tactile reward, and perhaps a magnification of anxiety.
Both vehicle- and MDMA-treated rats spent significantly more time in physical contact with the ball during the first session compared to the fourth session. This result is expected in control rats that tend to prefer novel objects to familiar ones (Bevins and Besheer 2006). Increased physical contact observed with the ball over sessions in MDMA-treated rats may reflect the entactogenic effects of the drug. MDMA users report a heightened desire and appreciation for touch and movement (Harris 2004). Moreover, MDMA increases c-Fos expression in the barrel fields of the somatosensory cortex in rats suggesting enhanced cortical processing of tactile stimuli (Hunt et al. 2011).
The neural mechanisms through which OT and MDMA modulate sociability have been subject to some discussion in the literature. It has been suggested that OT may act within the mesolimbic pathways to influence ‘social reward sensitivity' (Bethlehem et al. 2014) and this is supported by results of several human brain imaging studies. For example, women treated with intranasal OT and presented with socially rewarding cues demonstrated a treatment-related increase in activation of the ventral tegmental area (Groppe et al. 2013). Imaging studies also show direct activation of mesolimbic regions with MDMA (Bedi et al. 2009), while studies with rats show enhanced Fos expression in mesolimbic and other brain regions when MDMA is given in the presence of a conspecific (Thompson et al. 2009).
Such findings are consistent with the overall notion that OT and MDMA can intensify social reward, although other mechanisms relating to decreased social anxiety (Kirsch et al. 2005) and increased social familiarity (Topps et al. 2013) may be relevant. The present experiments also suggest that MDMA may produce a more robust intensification of social and tactile reward than either OT or AVP. Thus MDMA had a greater effect on social contact across conditioning with a conspecific (experiment 2) or a ball (experiment 3), and a longer lasting object-CPP effect suggesting a more potent modulation of reward than that produced by OT. MDMA has complex and diverse neurochemical effects, including actions on serotonergic, dopaminergic, opioid and endocannabinoid systems (Green et al. 2003), as well as modulation of OT and AVP (Henry et al. 1998; Simmler et al. 2011; Thompson et al. 2007). Social reward may be particularly intensified by treatments that act on both serotonin and OT in mesolimbic pathways (Dolen et al. 2013) and this might explain the more potent actions of MDMA relative to OT alone.
Two limitations of the current study should be acknowledged. Firstly, as noted above, the use of a biased CPP paradigm might arguably lead to the confounding of anxiolytic and rewarding drug effects with rats spending more time in the non-preferred compartment due to drug-induced reductions in anxiety. Here, it is important to note that none of the drug treatments produced a change in preference when given alone (experiment 1) and that rats did not tend to have a pronounced overall preference for one compartment over the other during habituation. This tends to rule out a ‘reduced aversion' explanation of the social-CPP and object-CPP results seen in experiments 2 and 3. Nonetheless, it should be acknowledged that use of an unbiased CPP approach can sometimes produce very different results to a biased approach (Aguilar et al. 2009; Brielmaier et al. 2008; Tzschentke 2007). Secondly, it is worth acknowledging that sex differences are frequently seen in the effects of OT and AVP, and sometimes with MDMA and it would therefore be interesting and worthwhile to repeat the current set of experiments using female rats.
In summary, our study provides the first evidence that OT and MDMA can induce both a social-CPP and object-CPP in the absence of any intrinsic rewarding effect in the traditional CPP paradigm. The social-CPP appears to be particularly long lasting, being robustly observed 4 weeks after conditioning. These findings support the idea that OT and MDMA increase social reward sensitivity resulting in an acute facilitation of social interaction and enduring conditioned place preference effects.
Image caption Martin Byers (right) chairs the campaign group
A feasibility study into the creation of a major mountain biking trail centre in Aberdeenshire has been launched.
It is being carried out by the North East Trail Centre Organisation (Netco), a group of cyclists who are campaigning for better facilities in the area.
It will assess three potential sites at Durris, Pitfichie, and Hill of Fare in terms of possible environmental and financial impact.
The group believes it would attract many visitors to the area.
Martin Byers, chairman of Netco, told BBC Scotland: "It's a well-known fact that in the north east there's a real gap in dedicated mountain bike facilities.
"You just do not find them in Aberdeenshire.
"We set up Netco to bring proper world class mountain bike facilities to the north east."
He said the centre could include trails, bike shop, a cafe, and bike wash.
You can hear more on the story on BBC Radio Scotland's Out For The Weekend programme with Fiona Stalker on Friday afternoon between 14:00 and 16:00.
CIA Mind Control Experiments
Declassified Documents Reveal Sex Abuse, More
This essay presents verifiable, undeniable evidence that secret CIA mind control programs have created assassins out of unsuspecting citizens in support of a hidden agenda. . . . These top secret experiments were successful in creating Manchurian Candidates or super spies programmed to carry out assassination, terrorist acts, sexual favors, and more without conscious knowledge of what they were doing. The army of Manchurian Candidates created has very likely played a key, hidden role in world politics and the manipulation of the public.
Read actual documents at this link.
Phi Beta Iota: False flag operations occur under various conditions from total theater to deceived patsy thinking they are in a drill to mind-controlled patsies programmed to kill and then die. Sometimes a mistake is made and the shooter is not promptly killed (Fort Lauderdale) but the FBI is in on the entire program and helps CIA cover up these atrocities. We must emphasize that the majority of all CIA and FBI (and NSA) employees are good people trapped in a bad system — it is the rogues at the top with their narrow stove-piped loyalists, who are disgracing us all.
See Especially:
Robert Steele: The Orlando Mass Casualty Event A False Flag Drama, Atrocity, or Hybrid?
Robert Steele: Was Paris 11/13 a False Flag Event? A Matrix for Evaluating Possibilities
See Also:
Deep State @ Phi Beta Iota
False Flag @ Phi Beta Iota
Mind Control @ Phi Beta Iota
Building a house by hand can be both time-consuming and expensive. Numerous homebuilders have chosen to automate part of the construction (i.e., by printing the home's parts) instead. A new Ukrainian homebuilding startup called PassivDom uses a 3D printing robot that can print parts for tiny houses. The machine can print the walls, roof, and floor of PassivDom's 380-square-foot model in about eight hours. The windows, doors, plumbing, and electrical systems are then added by a human worker. When complete, the homes are autonomous and mobile, meaning they don't need to connect to external electrical and plumbing systems. Solar energy is stored in a battery connected to the houses, and water is collected and filtered from humidity in the air (or you can pour water into the system yourself). The houses also feature an independent sewage system. PassivDom's homes, which start at $31,900, are now available for preorder online in Ukraine and the US, and the first ones will be delivered later this year.
Check out the homes below. PassivDom's smallest model measures 380 square feet and costs $31,900, designer Maria Sorokina tells Business Insider. Here's what the house looks like when you walk in the front door. It's a large open space with a small kitchen and floor-to-ceiling windows. This model doesn't include a separate bedroom, which means residents need a sleeper sofa. A small bathroom is located near the kitchen.
PassivDom offers three models of homes and can make custom models as well. The premium models come with furniture, but the one pictured below comes unfurnished. The homes also offer the possibility of living off the grid. “We should have opportunities to live in nature away from civilization, but have comfortable conditions of a traditional house,” Sorokina says. “This technology can allow us to live in the woods, on mountains, or on the shore — far away from people and infrastructure.”
To make a PassivDom home, the team maps out the plan for the 3D printer in its factories in Ukraine and California. Layer by layer, the seven-axel robot prints the roof, floor, and 20-centimeter-thick walls, which are made of carbon fibers, polyurethane, resins, basalt fibers, and fiberglass. Doors, windows, appliances, an alarm system, solar panels, and the septic, electrical, healing, cooling systems are then added. Depending on the model, the whole process can take under 24 hours. The design and production of larger houses with more specifications and finishes, like the one below, can take up to a month. If a house is premade, it can be shipped the next day. The startup believes 3D printing is a cheaper, more efficient way to build homes that it can sell at a (relatively) affordable price. “Over 100 million people do not have a roof over their heads,” Sorokina says. “It is necessary to build more affordable houses.”
PassivDom is not the only company using 3D printing to build homes. The San Francisco-based housing startup Apis Cor, Dus Architects in Amsterdam, as well as Branch Technology from Chattanooga, Tennessee, say they can construct homes in mere days or weeks.
It's been anything but sunshine and rainbows for Vincent Lecavalier. The 34-year old signed a 5-year, $22.5M contract in 2013 and has now been benched for the last five games – his last game was due to injury. It's not what he, nor the Flyers, had hoped for, but that's the way it has played out.
He's been tested on every line and still there has been no consistent scoring or strong play from the once talented franchise center. What's worse is his contract puts a stranglehold on what GM Ron Hextall can do in regards to making his team better and more competitive.
Bob McKenzie was on TSN 1050 earlier in the month. He spoke about Lecavalier's contract and the possibilities of trading it:
“Right now, no. The contract is virtually untradeable. Unless there's a team that would say, ‘Okay, we will take his contract, but you have to give us something to take it on.' So some of the teams that… basically, you've got cap room. You've got money. And you want draft picks. You want young players. So they're going to say to the Philadelphia Flyers, ‘Yeah, sure. Give us Vinny Lecavalier. Give us a second round pick. We'll give you a fifth round pick. And we'll just bury him here.' But it's really clear that as long as Craig Berube is the coach, Vinny Lecavalier is not moving up in that lineup.”
And that puts Ron Hextall between a rock and a hard place. Especially since it directly contradicts everything Hextall believes in regarding promoting young talent and not trading high draft picks.
During his first press conference as general manager Hextall harped on his plans of making the Flyers better with draft picks:
“You build from drafting well…certainly I think the Flyers have drafted extremely well. You look at a lot of the players in the lineup and around the league, they're first-round picks from the Flyers. But it's… I don't know if you want to call it an easier model or not, but when you're real, real bad and you draft high, it's a little bit easier to build a top team. I think it's what everybody admires about the Flyers, that they're always trying to get better, and we're going to continue to do that. In saying that, I like young players, and I like draft picks. My vision is to build this team and continue to make this team better through the draft.”
Vinny doesn't fit into Craig Berube's lineup, hence his four healthy scratches. With Lecavalier's contract, the Flyers are limited in what they can do – the word “limited” is a vast understatement. The team can barely scrape enough money together to call up players from the Phantoms. Furthermore, his NMC clause gives him full reign in whatever he chooses to do. Vinny can nix a trade if he doesn't like the team he will end up going to and he can refuse to be placed on waivers. The only other option the Flyers have is benching him, which they've decided to do. Is the risk of trading a 2nd round pick with Vinny worth the reward?
From a financial standpoint…maybe. Other than waiting years for a prospect to develop, teams can use their extra cap space to fill voids in the lineup via free agency. The Flyers are in desperate need of a #1 defenseman and a 1st line LW. The upcoming free agent class isn't spectacular by any stretch. The marquee names on the list are Mike Green, Martin St. Louis, Jaromir Jagr, Marc Staal, Paul Martin, and Lubomir Visnovsky. It's not the cream of the crop and although they'd benefit the Flyers in the short-term, it wouldn't do much over the long-term. 2016 is exponentially more favorable.
If the Ron Hextall were to trade a 2nd round pick with Lecavalier, perhaps a 2016 2nd rounder is a viable option since they do not have a 2015 first. The risk is diminished slightly since the draft is two years away, but GMs in the NHL are sharks who will do whatever they can to benefit their team. They might ask for a 3rd round pick in 2015 since it is more immediate and the draft is top notch.
It might be wise to hold onto his contract until after free agency and rehash discussions with teams to move him in the offseason and not mortgage the immediate future of the Flyers' prospect pool.
The Flyers can continue to sit Lecavalier if they want, but it doesn't help him, his value, or the Flyers' salary cap situation. The position Hextall is in regarding Vinny Lecavalier's contract is not something anyone should envy.
Image caption Millions of claimants will soon receive one payment a month
Millions of benefits claimants will struggle to manage their money under Universal Credit, according to research for the Payments Council.
When Universal Credit is introduced most people will receive their benefits once a month, rather than once a fortnight as at present.
The Payments Council said that 2.7m current claimants will struggle with their finances as a result.
But the government said some people will still get their money fortnightly.
The Payments Council, which oversees bank and card transfers in the UK, carried out the survey of claimants within the last month.
It found that many of them are worried about running into debt, or struggling to pay bills on time.
"The introduction of Universal Credit means that people will have to be savvier about managing their money and will have to plan for the whole month instead of budgeting on a weekly basis," said Adrian Kamellard, the chief executive of the Payments Council.
Universal Credit is due to replace six current benefits over the next four years, but its roll-out has been delayed.
Delay
The government believes it will be good for most people to receive monthly payments.
It says they will be able to access better financial deals, for example by doing larger, but cheaper, shopping trips.
The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) says claimants will also be able to pay less for energy, though a single monthly direct debit payment.
A spokesman said those who really need fortnightly payments will still be able to get them.
Others will be helped towards monthly payments, and will receive sympathetic support during the change.
At the moment only four areas, around Manchester, are piloting Universal Credit.
The towns are Ashton under Lyne, Wigan, Warrington and Oldham.
Six more areas, Hammersmith in London, Inverness, Rugby, Harrogate, Bath and Shotton will be moved onto Universal Credit between October and the spring of 2014.
Originally the government had planned to launch Universal Credit across the country in October, but had to abandon the idea.
Last month, the National Audit Office (NAO) spending watchdog said the programme suffered from "weak management, ineffective control and poor governance".
The Payments Council is offering further advice to anyone who is worried about budgeting on Universal Credit.
Last month, my daughter moved in with me for a couple of weeks. “I'm going to Marie Kondo your house,” she said. What? “Marie Kondo. She wrote a book on extreme tidying. You have to start with clothes,” says Daughter, poking around in my airing cupboard and wardrobe with distaste. “Look at this. Erk! You can't wear this! Why five dressing gowns? Oh my God! What's this? You can't keep anything that doesn't ‘spark joy'.”
What crap. There is no way on earth that I am going to study every item in my house and discard it if it doesn't ‘spark joy'. But, just to be fair, we'll try it with the dogs' toys, which are mostly chewed, raggedy and grubby. We hold up each repulsive toy, but they all delight the dogs. So clearly this silly method doesn't work.
Marie Kondo: How to clear out sentimental clutter Read more
But Daughter is forceful, and I like an easy life. I don't fancy a fortnight of arguments, and sometimes I do feel rather distressed and confused by the clutter, disarray and accumulation of dreck in my home. So the Marie Kondo-ing goes ahead. Daughter drags every bit of fabric into the bedroom – a mountain of clothing, bedding, linen, towels, moths, dust and rags, sparking despair and panic. I discard eight giant bin bags full of joyless material. Marvellous. I can soon find any item of clothing within seconds, and my life is full of air, space and calm. And I don't mind folding things vertically, as Kondo advises. As I rarely change my clothes and sheets, I won't often need to do it. And – most miraculous – Daughter effected this change with sensitivity and minimal bossing. Next, we'll do books and papers. Even more terrifying.
Meanwhile, I have clung to the scores of elderly hand-embroidered tablecloths, linen sheets, my mother's old cardigans and frocks, my father's waistcoat, prayer shawl and hat in a little velvet bag, which I've kept for 20 years and still blub over. I have my limits. So I have kept a special drawer for such things. But be careful if you try this. There is tidying, and there is wipeout and regret.
A Florida man is accused trying to choke his girlfriend after standing outside of her home naked and screaming.
Authorities received a disturbance call on Tuesday night and arrived to find Michael Person, 24, of Palm Coast, standing naked outside of his girlfriend's front door and screaming, according to the Daytona Beach News-Journal.
>> Florida man says he doesn't want to go to jail because there's no beer
Person tried to put a chokehold on his girlfriend before deputies used a stun gun on him, according to the Daytona Beach News-Journal.
The victim told authorities that she has been dating Person and she didn't want to press charges.
Deputies say that Person kicked the back window of a patrol car and while at a hospital, he kicked a deputy in the mouth.
>> Florida woman ‘blacked out', stabs husband with pen
Person was arrested and charged with battery domestic violence, resisting arrest and battery on a law enforcement officer.
See who was recently booked into the Palm Beach County Jail
Read more at the Daytona Beach News-Journal.
Image caption The billboards are on display in six London boroughs
Billboards telling illegal immigrants to "go home or face arrest" are "nasty", says UKIP leader Nigel Farage.
He told ITV's Daybreak programme the "Big Brother"-like one-week pilot in London would make no difference.
The posters have also been criticised as "unpleasant" by Lib Dem MP, and former minister, Sarah Teather.
The government says it is cheaper to get people to leave voluntarily and the campaign offers an alternative to being "led away in handcuffs".
The pilot scheme sees billboards on vans being driven around six London boroughs chosen because of the number of illegal immigrants in them who have chosen to return to their home country voluntarily.
'Really unpleasant'
Leaflets and posters will also be distributed in internet cafes, newsagents and money transfer shops, the government says, offering advice and help with travel documents.
But the message has come in for some criticism.
We are working very closely with a lot of community groups who actually welcome the opportunity for someone who is not here legally to leave the country in a dignified way Mark Harper, Immigration minister
Speaking on Daybreak, Mr Farage - whose party campaigns for the UK's exit from the European Union and includes curbing immigration in its wider policies, said the campaign was really a reaction to his party's success in English local elections.
"What the billboard should say is: Please don't vote UKIP, we are doing something. That's what it's all about.
"I think the actual tone of the billboards, it really is Big Brother, nasty, it's unpleasant. I don't think using messaging like this makes any difference, what would make a difference is enforcing our borders properly."
Former Children's Minister Ms Teather is MP for Brent Central, one of the boroughs targeted by the campaign. She told BBC London the "cost" would be community relations.
"It's really unpleasant and we don't need it here," she said.
"If the Home Office want to deal with problems, frankly they should be looking at themselves and their own practice."
But the government says the pilot scheme specifically targets illegal immigrants and highlights the advantages for them of returning to their home country voluntarily. It also says it is much cheaper to get people to return home of their own accord rather than fight deportation through the courts.
Speaking on Daybreak, Immigration Minister Mark Harper said there had been 15,000 "enforced removals" of illegal immigrants last year, compared with 25,000 people who left with "various degrees of voluntariness".
He dismissed suggestions that the "go home" message could prove racially divisive.
"This is about people who are here illegally, the messaging on the advertising is very clear," he said.
"We are working very closely with a lot of community groups who actually welcome the opportunity for someone who is not here legally to leave the country in a dignified way rather than being arrested, detained and having an enforced removal."
Mr Farage's party was once accused by the prime minister of being the home of "fruitcakes, loonies and closet racists" - although, in the wake of the May local elections, David Cameron said it was "no good insulting a political party that people have chosen to vote for".
UKIP's electoral success heightened tensions between Conservative grass-roots and the leadership and prompted the party to draft a private bill to legislate for an in-out referendum on Europe by the end of 2017.
Could you be near your breaking point, unaware that you are functioning from a state of stress overload?
As illustrated, cups and glasses have different capacities. Similarly, our internal capacity to handle life challenges and demands vary from person to person; it is unique to each. Some people may appear tough, yet have a lesser capacity; while others may seem delicate even though possessing a greater capacity.
This internal capacity is our buffer in life. It basically indicates how much stress, challenge, or ‘crap' we can really take in without feeling overwhelmed. Therefore, it is vital to be mindful of our own capacity and acknowledge that critical line passing which indicates that we have truly reached our limit.
This is when it is necessary to take some time off to replenish, rather than welcoming or forcing more into our cup. It is time for self-care, to find a way to unload or to gently delegate some work to others. ‘Gently' meaning not dumping the load onto others, but seeking support.
The good news is that our capacity is not set in stone!
Tackling life challenges in a systematic and wise way will gradually shape and enhance our internal capacity and our resilience.
Thus, becoming conscious of your own internal capacity and respecting your limits are essential to maintaining your well-being and preventing burnout, especially in this fast-paced ever-demanding life.
If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete. – Jack Kornfield
Stress Levels and Internal Space
There is a direct correlation between our stress levels and how well we function in the midst of life challenges. Let's now have a closer look at the different stages you might be at. I will divide them into two main categories: ‘Healthy Stages' versus ‘Unhealthy Stages'.
1. Relaxed
Available space: Near Maximum
From here, we can tackle life challenges in full power and even have space to help others.
2. Occupied
Available space: Moderate
Some level of stress and challenge is good for our well-being. It can be a motivating factor that brings about focus, enthusiasm, and alertness in a healthy way. It can also reduce boredom and mental confusion. Therefore, our aim need not be to keep our cup empty. When occupied, we are developing our problem-solving skills, enhancing our resilience and polishing strength.
3. Busy
Available space: Minimum
At this stage, we are accessing more of our internal and external resources to meet the demands and challenges of life. If this state continues in a systematic and wise way, there may be a breakthrough and the discovery of new strengths and talents. Otherwise, it may lead to a breakdown and lower functioning. Having the right tools, support and mindset can determine which way it will go for you – and that is why you got this course!
Recognizing that you are not where you want to be is a starting point to begin changing. – Deborah Day
4. Stressed
Available space: None for a while
Here, we are filled to our limit and no internal space is remaining for the time being.
If this situation continues for too long, the internal space gets increasingly unhealthy.
We might feel unable to resolve the situation at hand and feel stressed out. Thus, our confidence and self-esteem get affected as our ability to cope is diminishing.
This negative environment is fertile for the growth of negative feelings and thoughts, such as: “I'm not good enough. I'm worthless. I'm hopeless. I'm a disappointment. I'm such a loser.”
Mild signs and symptoms of stress gradually emerge and get displayed in physical, emotional, mental, and even behavioral aspects of our life. Our body starts complaining through these warning signs. It communicates the need to make some changes in our lifestyle or workstyle.
5. Over-loaded
Available space: Negative
At this stage, we really start losing our healthy functioning and our ability to cope. Signs and symptoms of stress increase in frequency and intensity which in turn affect our well-being. Not only that but also the quality of our relationships lowers – both at home and outside. A crisis might be fast approaching if we do not make self-care a priority soon.
Some may turn to self-medication, binge-eating, drugs and alcohol to relieve the physical or emotional pain and symptoms. These unhealthy coping mechanisms and quick fixes do interfere with the body's intelligent and natural way that is trying to warn us through unpleasant signs. Taking refuge into ‘pain-killers' numbs us to the approaching crisis. It is a risky choice. On the contrary, some people work through the pain and examine the real contributing factors.
6. Over-whelmed
Available space: ‘Did you just ask about my available space?!'
Warning! Warning! Here, we are very close to burnout, which is a state in response to a life lived in an imbalanced, overloaded, and overstimulated way for too long. At this stage, the symptoms become even more apparent and severe, having the potential to jeopardize our life.
By then, we have already consumed most of our internal resources. This overwhelming state can get infested with moderate to severe anxiety, depression, grief, paranoia, chronic stress, depersonalization, and other dysfunctional behaviors. So it is most necessary to free up some internal space urgently, to seek support, and to apply more effective self-care strategies.
At the same time, this stage is hardly appropriate for learning new skills or creative thinking. We may not have the energy nor the right mindset to think clearly. At this point, the best is to find helpful and healthy ways to unload safely while preventing further inputs into our cup.
Surprisingly, the majority of people continuously try to relieve their pain through ineffective coping strategies. Others may unfairly dump the load and ‘crap' onto others through abusive or aggressive behaviors. These unhealthy choices create additional loads that pressure the person and those around them. The real work needs to happen in advance – preparation and early intervention – when we are outside these crisis moments.
The further we are down the spiral of unhealthy stress levels, the more effort and energy it requires healing. Good news is that we can bounce back by time as we are resilient beings. It is possible, even though not easy. So do not get disheartened! Start by befriending yourself!
Self-care is not selfish. You cannot serve from an empty vessel. – Eleanor Brownn
Final Words
I'd love to hear from you in the comment section.
Please join my mission and help raise awareness by sharing
Here is the 4-week “Conscious Stress Management Course”.
Happy Conscious Living!
On Friday night, January 13th, 201, the Russian-based MMA organization Absolute Championship Berkut made their American debut at the Bren Events Center in Irvine, CA. The event was streamed live and for free. Created in 2014 by Chechen businessman Mairbek Khasiev in 2014 with the goal of competing with the UFC on a global level. ACB has held events in Scotland and Poland, and will be debuting in Austria and England in the upcoming months. The English-language version of the broadcast for this event featured commentary by former UFC Heavyweight Champion Frank Mir.
For their United States debut event, ACB ran at the Bren Events Center, located on the campus of U.C. Irvine, a venue that holds 5,608 people maximum according to Wikipedia, and drew what looked to be about 200-500 people. While talking to Steve about this event during the night via text message, he wondered how much money the promotion was losing on this event. To make matter worse, the English-language stream experienced many technical difficulties made watching the first two fights difficult. Thankfully ACB provided links to Russian speaking streams before fixing the issues with the English stream.
While nearly everything that could've gone wrong was going wrong for ACB as the night began with the poor attendance ,technical difficulties with the English-speaking stream, and even a sub par cage announcer, the event ended up being a fun night of fights with plenty of highlights.
It what could be easily be an early contender for Knockout Of The Year 2017, Arthur Estrazulas scored a very impressive first round KO on Dave Courchaine. Throughout the fight, Estrazulas got the better of Courchaine in various striking exchanges, landing various leg and body kicks, and countering Courchaine's offense several times. Estrazulas did a great job landing a nice body kick on Courchaine as he was coming forward, allowing Estrazulas to land several punches that dropped Courchaine, leading to Herb Dean stopping the fight.
The semi-main event of the night featured former WSOF title contender Luis Palomino taking on Musa Khamanaev in a really fun fight that saw Palomino get an impressive come from behind victory after getting a TKO stoppage on Khamanaev. Khamanaev had an impressive first round that saw him utilizing his wrestling and grappling to grind Palomino and get some take downs. Khamanaev would come out aggressively against Palomino early int he is 2nd, but eventually Palomino found his rhythm where he was able to score a knockdown and eventually a TKO when referee Herb Dean stopped the fight in the second round. After the fight, Khamanaev would throw his mouthpiece at Palomino, and ended up in an altercation with Palomino.
One of the most impressive performances of the night came from Cuba's Guillermo Martinez Ayme in his fight against Ivan Castillo, landing several impressive successful takedowns, nice sneaky trips, and several suplexes and slams (including a really impressive belly to back suplex at 2:58 in the video above) throughout the fight, allowing him to dominate on the ground and to gain the victory, improving his record to 10-4.
Another fighter who had an impressive performance on this card was local star Terrion “Flash” Ware, who went up against Nick Mamalis in a really fun fight. Mamalis had a good showing in the first round and early on int he is 2nd, but as the fight went on, Ware would begin to find his rhythm in both the striking and grappling departments, landing nice striking combinations, stuffing Mamalis' takedown attempts and getting back to his feet when the fight went to the ground, and showcasing some great jiu-jitsu techniques and transitions in the third round where Ware used a Kimura to set up a Triangle Choke. Ware would get the much deserved Unanimous Decision, who is now on a three fight win streak.
In the main event to crown the inaugural ACB Light Heavyweight Champion, former UFC veteran Thiago Silva defeated Jared Torgeson. Silva landed several vicious inside leg kicks and lots of jabs to Torgeson, who took tons of punishment while moving forward throughout the course of the five round, twenty-five minute championship fight. A photo of the aftermath of Silva's leg kicks was posted earlier today on Facebook, showing how much damage Torgeson took. While he didn't walk away with a victory, Torgeson showed a lot of toughness for being able to hang five rounds with Thiago Silva.
Torgeson the day after his fight with Silva. (Photo source: Facebook)
Despite the very low attendance and streaming issues, Absolute Championship Berkut put on a very entertaining event, and the fighters on the card put on a good show. ACB probably would've done better running in a smaller venue, and hopefully they'll return to the Southern California area. I highly recommend fight fans check out the bouts featured on ACB 51.
Click here to read the results of last night's fights.
Click here to visit the ACB Youtube Channel for fights from this event and previous ACB cards.
Law enforcement officials in Mendocino County are reassuring the Hispanic community that they do not intend to cooperate with any federal sweeps for undocumented immigrants if they come to town.
But at least one law enforcement official thinks moving publicly to declare Safe Havens or Sanctuaries may be a mistake.
Sheriff Tom Allman said Friday he agrees with the sentiments of a number of county sheriffs that “sheriffs are not inclined, nor do they have the resources or personnel, to conduct front-line immigration enforcement duties” and they don't want local people to be afraid to ask for help from law enforcement if they need it.
“In other words, if the federal government comes in, we are not going to be on the front line at all,” Allman said.
However, Allman said he wants to be notified that federal agents are in town and he wants one of his own deputies to accompany them wherever they go so that if something goes wrong, he has a department witness to what happened.
“I want to make it clear that the sheriff will not participate in any sweeps.” Allman pointed out that anyone who gets arrested, immigrant or not, has his or her fingerprints sent to the federal Department of Justice. That won't change, Allman said.
But he added, “We will only hold someone on immigration charges if we have a signed warrant from a federal magistrate. A phone call will not hold an illegal immigrant.”
Allman noted that this is not a new policy.
“Our policy is no different. Public safety is our job. Whether someone is a violent citizen or a violent non-citizen we will arrest them.”
City of Ukiah Police Chief Chris Dewey says he worries about possible federal action in our community since 30 to 40 percent of local residents are Hispanic.
“I understand the Hispanic population is a large part of our community. I have instructed my officers to contact me immediately if they have any contact with a federal agency,” Dewey said Friday.
“We've always taken a stance that only in the most serious of felony cases, like murder or sexual assault, involving undocumented immigrants, have we utilized federal resources to assist us. On a day-to-day basis we have not, and will not, be working with federal authorities on investigations of undocumented immigrants,” Dewey said.
There is some discussion in town and among city officials as to whether the city should declare itself a “Sanctuary City,” something that is broadly defined as a place where undocumented immigrants would be safe from law enforcement. The term appears to have no concrete definition, and cities considering it are also wondering if making a declaration means putting a neon sign in front of federal enforcement officials.
The Ukiah Unified School District last week declared its schools Safe Havens for children of undocumented local residents.
Most state schools, including Mendocino County schools, do not ask for or record immigration status of students. UUSD Superintendent Debra Kubin said that while the district would have to obey any signed orders or warrants to see files, she thinks the message should be that local children should not have to worry that they or their parents are going to be deported.
“I have heard instances, and personally as well, that kids are afraid their parents are going to be detained and their parents are going to be deported. Or that they themselves are going to be returned to Mexico. They've said to friends, ‘You may not see me; I may have to go back to Mexico.' They're really scared.”
Allman, however, thinks the school district may have made a mistake.
“I personally believe that the community can accomplish a lot more when they have not become a lightning rod,” he said. Allman believes that the schools and local governments could quietly communicate with the Hispanic community that they plan to follow the laws — which require signed warrants and prohibit schools from disclosing information anyway — rather than take loud public stands.
“I think the school board should have at least talked to the Sheriff's Office, because we are the ones who enforce the laws here. The fact is, they can't legally keep a federal agent off campus. What they're doing is rattling their saber and becoming a lightning rod, when all we have to do is respect the laws that are already on the books and accomplish the exact some thing.”
“Emotions can scare people and emotions can calm people,” Allman continued. “By declaring a school district a Safe Haven they're creating emotions on all sides, and there are 20 sides to this conversation. The very people the school people are trying to protect become more scared.”
Allman said it's important to remember that historically, federal agents do not come to town and do not bother with undocumented immigrants unless they have committed a violent crime. He said he has been told that there are only three federal immigration agents posted between Pleasanton, Calif. and the Oregon border. He said there have been no visits to the county by federal immigration teams recently, despite some panicked Facebook posts.
“One of the things we've received from federal agents is requests to hold an individual after their time of incarceration (at the county jail). We didn't, we aren't, nor will we, hold any individual unless we have a signed warrant from a federal magistrate. If federal agents want to be there when they're released from jail OK, but I have never seen that happen,” he said.
“We could use our rural county status to our advantage. Just do our business, and if someone breaks the law, they get arrested.” Allman said federal agents, even with fingerprints in hand, have only ever come after violent offenders.
“With all the illegal immigrants we have had in custody on marijuana charges, I'm not aware of a single one picked up by immigration,” he said.
Pearl Jam CANCELED
All tickets $68.00 *Ticket prices include a 6.75% sales tax. Tickets purchased to events at PNC Arena are subject to a $3 per ticket facility fee.
Online and phone ticket purchases will be automatically reimbursed and in-person purchases must return to point of purchase for refunds.
PEARL JAM STATEMENT
It is with deep consideration and much regret that we must cancel the Raleigh show in North Carolina on April 20th.
This will be upsetting to those who have tickets and you can be assured that we are equally frustrated by the situation.
The HB2 law that was recently passed is a despicable piece of legislation that encourages discrimination against an entire group of American citizens. The practical implications are expansive and its negative impact upon basic human rights is profound. We want America to be a place where no one can be turned away from a business because of who they love or fired from their job for who they are.
It is for this reason that we must take a stand against prejudice, along with other artists and businesses, and join those in North Carolina who are working to oppose HB2 and repair what is currently unacceptable.
We have communicated with local groups and will be providing them with funds to help facilitate progress on this issue.
In the meantime we will be watching with hope and waiting in line for a time when we can return.
Perhaps even celebrate.
With immense gratitude for your understanding,
Pearl Jam
Link to image of statement here.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Pearl Jam announced today that they will perform a series of North American concert dates between April and August of 2016. Pearl Jam's 2016 North American dates kick off in Fort Lauderdale on April 8th, include festival headlining slots at New Orleans Jazz & Heritage Festival and Bonnaroo and wrap in August with two nights each at historic baseball stadiums Fenway Park in Boston and Wrigley Field in Chicago.
A special ticket pre-sale begins today for current Pearl Jam Ten Club members (as of Monday, Jan.18). More details at pearljam.com.
For further details visit Ticketmaster.com. Presented by Live Nation.
A judge on Wednesday ruled that an autopsy report, coupled with testimony from a hearing late last year, is enough to try a Wichita man for murder in the death of the 100-year-old woman he's accused of raping.
Sedgwick County District Court Judge David Dahl found the report, which shows Martha Schell's Oct. 21 death from a blood clot was a homicide, provided enough evidence to try 36-year-old Kasey Nesbitt on first-degree felony murder. Earlier this month, prosecutors tacked on the murder charge to a host of counts Nesbitt is facing after Sedgwick County coroner Jaime Oeberst determined the Sept. 30 attack on Schell caused injuries that severely limited her mobility and, ultimately, the fatal clot.
Sedgwick County District Attorney Marc Bennett said in a previous interview that the additional charge came on the heels of the autopsy report's May 12 release, five months after Schell's death. Nesbitt also is charged with rape and aggravated burglary.
Defense attorney Val Wachtel said Wednesday in court that the District Attorney's Office “has not provided sufficient probable cause” to justify trying his client on the added count after Bennett presented the autopsy report and called just one witness – a Wichita police detective who spoke with Schell after the assault and later attended her autopsy – to testify.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Wichita Eagle
Dahl set a jury trial for Aug. 17, but the date will likely be delayed.
Nesbitt is accused of breaking into Schell's home in the 800 block of South Crestway through a back door and sexually assaulting her in the overnight hours of Sept. 30. Wichita police have called the attack “a crime of opportunity.”
Nesbitt has pleaded not guilty to the charges. He is jailed in lieu of $300,000 bond.
Bennett during Wednesday's hearing said Schell suffered a broken back and other injuries in the assault “rending her immobile,” which can be a precursor to the formation of blood clots. She lived independently and moved about with a walker before the attack.
“She was 100 and didn't have many years left,” Bennett said. “But she died as a result of what this man did to her.”
Video
"Brujas" in Spanish means "witches". Brujas are a group of young Latino female skaters who created their own crew and meet up regularly at the skate park in the Bronx.
"We are always around skaters guys who have their own little crews, but there was never really a girls' crew in New York, so we decided to create our own," says Sheyla Grullon.
Grulllon and Arianna Gil, the group's co-founders, have been skating since they were 12 years old. Gil started skating using the board her brother received as a birthday gift but was too embarrassed to use.
"Street culture is still in a lot of ways exclusive to men," Gil says.
Brujas are now about 20 strong. These young women not only skate together, but also support each other in creative projects. We spent a day with them at the skate park in the Bronx.
Filmed and edited by Anna Bressanin
Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton, pledging to go "beyond President Obama" in embracing illegal immigrants, said that she will use executive powers as president to go around Congress to end deportations.
At Saturday's Iowa Jefferson-Jackson Day Dinner, she also called illegals "law abiding."
During a period of her 25 minute address when she was listing her political promises, she turned to immigration to say that she would go farther than Obama to protect the 12 million illegal immigrants in America, especially families.
"I am going to back and support what President Obama has done to protect Dreamers and their families, to use executive action to prevent deportation," Clinton said to cheers in the audience of about 6,000.
"If we can not get comprehensive immigration reform as we need, and as we should, with a real path to citizenship that will actually grow our economy then I will go as far as I can, even beyond President Obama, to make sure law abiding, decent, hardworking people in this country are not ripped away from their families," she added.
Clinton was the third Democrat to speak at the Iowa event Saturday night and it followed a rally for her featuring former President Bill Clinton and pop star Katy Perry.
Immigration has become a hot button issue on the campaign trail in part because Republican front-runner Donald Trump has promised to seal the borders and also because of two years of unprecedented waves of younger immigrants from Mexico and Latin America flooding over the U.S. border.
Illegal immigrants are supposed to face court hearings on their status, but a new report showed that as immigration courts have shifted to focus on the younger immigrants, wait times for adults to get a hearing have stretched to three years. And many never appear for their hearings.
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com.
(Emmanuel Dunand/AFP/Getty Images)
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. - With just 18 days to go before Election Day, Mitt Romney and Paul Ryan rallied a crowd of more than 8,000 at the Daytona Beach Bandshell, with the GOP presidential nominee calling the president's re-election effort "the incredible shrinking campaign."
"They've been reduced to petty attacks and silly word games," Romney said in front of one of the largest crowds of his campaign. "Just watch it. The Obama campaign has become the incredible shrinking campaign. This is a big country with big opportunities and great challenges, and they keep on talking about smaller and smaller things. We have big ideas, bold ideas, a strong agenda. We're going to get America working again and that's why you're going to help elect the two of us. We're going to go to Washington and get this country on track."
Country music singer John Rich warmed up the rowdy crowd, which also had a large contingent of bikers for Daytona's Biketoberfest weekend, a festival for motorcycle enthusiasts.
Rep. Ryan, R-Wis., noted them in the crowd.
"I just came in on town and I saw a lot of our Milwaukee-made Harleys running all around town here," Ryan said.
Romney asked the crowd if it had "been watching the Obama campaign lately?" adding, "it's absolutely remarkable."
"They have absolutely no agenda for the future," Romney said, as protesters could be heard chanting in the distance. "No agenda for America. No agenda for a second term. It's a good thing they won't have a second term."
A new CNN/ORC poll out Friday had the race in Florida in a dead heat, with Romney at 49 percent and Obama at 48 percent. The event wrapped up a two-day swing in the state for Ryan.
Romney will spend the weekend in South Florida. He will be in Delray Beach, Fla., preparing to debate President Obama on Monday in Boca Raton, Fla.
Various media reports meanwhile suggested that the man who died in Wednesday's raid was a Libyan citizen who is believed to be an Al-Qaeda militant.
"The gunmen who was killed when police raided an apartment in Madinat Nasr... is suspected of having connections with the group that carried out the attack on the US consulate in Benghazi," an Egyptian police official said.
US ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in the 11 September attack on the US consulate in the eastern Libya city.
At the time, social networks blamed the hardline Salafist group Ansar al-Sharia for the attack.
The independent Al-Masry al-Youm newspaper, quoting interior ministry official General Mohieddin al-Sayyed, said the suspect killed on Wednesday could be an Al-Qaeda militant.
"The Madinat Nasr police department received information indicating that a terrorist, a member of Al-Qaeda, was present in an apartment in Madinat Nasr," Sayyed is quoted as saying.
As a result police raided the apartment and clashed with the suspect who was killed when he activated an explosive device, he said.
Another independent newspaper, Al-Watan, reported that the suspect was a Libyan citizen.
Without giving a source, it said that security services had additionally "arrested a seven-member terrorist cell in Cairo, five of whom are Libyans and the other two Egyptians."
The state-owned Al-Gomhoriya newspaper quoted Interior Minister Ahmad Gamal confirming "the arrest of a terrorist group" who had used flats in Madinat Nasr and in eastern Cairo "to store weapons, ammunition, bombs and explosives."
Police had on Wednesday said the suspect was killed in an explosion during the raid on the Madinat Nasr apartment.
Police acted on a tip-off that a militant was hiding out in the apartment, which he had converted into a gym, but when agents tried to enter it they came under fire.
Police found a number of rocket-propelled grenades and three rifles inside, a police official said.
Egypt's police force has been conducting sweeping operations against heavily armed criminals nationwide and also Islamist militants in the Sinai peninsula.
Short link:
A gunman killed during a police raid on an apartment in northern Cairo is suspected of involvement in a deadly attack last month on the US consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi, police said Thursday.
So far the 2017 MLB season has been one of the more fun ones in recent memory. Despite some of the game's brightest starts missing big stretches of time like Mike Trout, Freddie Freeman, and Josh Donaldson, these and other superstars have been putting on quite the show this season.
After overcoming a mediocre final five months in 2016, Bryce Harper has regained his 2015 MVP form hitting .336/.441/.634.
Two previously overlooked 3B, Jose Ramirez and Justin Turner, have inserted themselves into their respective MVP races hitting .322/.377/.569 and .369/.463/.569.
Paul Goldschmidt and Joey Votto are having some of their best seasons ever hitting .308/.427/.561 and .298/.419/.582.
Corey Seager and Mookie Betts have not backed down from their top three MVP finishes from a year ago, both using good offense and great defense to be top 10 in fWAR.
Rookie sensations Aaron Judge and Cody Bellinger are breaking franchise rookie records and aiming for more than just Rookie of the Year awards.
Teammates Carlos Correa and George Springer are a huge part of the driving force for the Astros, 8th and 9th in fWAR this season, turning themselves into MVP candidates.
However, the player that seems to be getting far less recognition than he deserves is the teammate of Correa and Springer. This is the man who just took over the MLB lead in fWAR from Aaron Judge last night, 2B Jose Altuve.
Jose Altuve's 2017
#Astros Jose Altuve batting average: Last 59 games: .412
Last 48 games: .434
Last 31 games: .469
Last 21 games: .511
Last 15 games: .544 — Ryan M. Spaeder (@theaceofspaeder) July 25, 2017
Jose Altuve is a hitting machine. As seen above, from The Ace Of Spaeder Twitter account (a must follow for Baseball fans), Altuve has been hitting out of his mind! Going back his last 59 games, Altuve is hitting .412/.474/.655 with 10 HR, 24 2B, and 12 SB. Going back his last 21 games, he is hitting an absurd .511/.554/.744 with 4 HR, 9 2B, and 9 SB.
Altuve's overall season has him hitting .365/.431/.574 with 15 HR, 30 2B, 21 SB, a 172 wRC+ and 5.5 fWAR. The chart below shows his rank in several statistical categories:
Stat Rank BA 0.365 2nd OBP 0.431 4th SLG 0.574 13th 2B 30 T/2nd SB 21 6th wRC+ 172 T/3rd H 138 1st fWAR 5.5 1st
So meanwhile Aaron Judge has been leading in fWAR since Trout went down and getting most of the headlines, Jose Altuve has been biding his time and quietly putting up a monster season of his own.
Nothing New For Altuve
As excellent as Altuve has been in 2017, this isn't exactly a first for him. Going back to 2014, Altuve hit .341/.377/.453 with 56 SB and a 5.1 fWAR. He followed that up by hitting .313/.353/.459 with 38 SB and 4.5 fWAR in 2015. Last season he upped his power game hitting .338/.396/.531 with another 30 SB. But even better he put up a career high 24 HR and career high 6.7 fWAR.
In fact, going from 2014-present, Altuve isn't just a superstar, he is a 5'6” juggernaut. In that time, Mike Trout leads baseball in fWAR at 30.1, with Josh Donaldson a good amount behind in second place at 24.2 fWAR. But who follows these two? Is it Bryce Harper? Buster Posey? Paul Goldschmidt? Manny Machado?
No, it is Jose Altuve at 21.8 fWAR.
Stat Rank fWAR 21.8 3rd BA 0.336 1st OBP 0.385 7th SLG 0.496 27th SB 145 3rd 2B 159 1st H 779 1st
Once again we see Altuve near or at the very top of some significant statistical categories here. Not only does he lead in BA, 2B, and H, he leads in BA and H by an insane margin. The next closest BA in that time frame is Michael Brantley more than .020 points away at .314. It gets even more comical by hits, with Charlie Blackmon in second place more than 100 hits behind at 668! Altuve is an absolute hitting machine.
American League Most Valuable Player Award
In his career to this point, Jose Altuve has placed 13th in voting in 2014, 10th in voting in 2015, and then all the way up to 3rd in voting in 2016. In 2017, with his biggest obstacles Mike Trout and Josh Donaldson both having missed about 40 or so games, this could be Altuve's year to shine.
Of course, even with Trout and Donaldson essentially out of the picture, the path is nowhere near clear to the MVP. Altuve still has to contend with the most popular story of 2017, the real life behemoth in Aaron Judge. After all, it was just yesterday that Altuve was able to overtake Judge with a bit of a slump post All-Star break to help him. The next closest AL players in fWAR to these two are Mookie Betts at 4.5, then Correa and Springer at 4.0. Even then Jose Ramirez is lurking just behind them with 3.8 fWAR.
Going forward, here are the rest of season projections by Steamer for these players:
Altuve – .317/.374/.488 7 HR 15 2B 10 SB 132 wRC+ and 1.8 fWAR
Judge – .260/.359/.505 13 HR 8 2B 127 WRC+ and 1.5 fWAR
Betts – .306/.371/.524 10 HR 15 2B 9 SB 133 wRC+ and 2.3 fWAR
Correa – Currently injured, Steamer only projects 8 more games, taking him out of the race.
Springer – .274/.367/.508 13 HR 11 2B 136 wRC+ and 1.9 fWAR
Ramirez – .296/.356/.470 7 HR 15 2B 7 SB 118 wRC+ and 1.7 fWAR
If Altuve can pull off these rest of season projections, he will be in a great position to take home the 2017 AL MVP. If he does indeed play that well, his overall stats would put him at .347/.410/.541 22 HR 45 2B 31 SB 157 wRC+ and 7.4 fWAR.
Baseball's Second Best Position Player
As we have seen this season, there are plenty of excellent position players in the MLB. Mike Trout is not only the best position player in baseball by a wide margin, but the best player overall. Much like Clayton Kershaw when it comes to pitchers, Trout is the one that players aim to one day overtake.
But when it comes to the spot after Trout, there is a lot of very good competition from players like Harper, Donaldson, Bryant, Goldschmidt, Machado, Betts, and more players coming for the title each new year. However, I believe at this point, you can say with total confidence that the only player better than Jose Altuve is Mike Trout.
Like this: Like Loading...
Mary Boyle Source: Screengrab/YouTube
THE TÁNAISTE HAS said it is not her place to call for an inquest to be held into Ireland's longest-running missing person case.
Mary Boyle (6) disappeared while visiting her grandparents in Ballyshannon, Co Donegal on 18 March 1977. She is presumed dead.
The case is back in the public eye after a number of politicians raised the issue with the Tánaiste, Frances Fitzgerald, in her capacity as Justice Minister.
In response to a parliamentary question asked by independent Donegal TD Thomas Pringle this week, Fitzgerald acknowledged that there have been concerns raised about the initial garda investigation into Mary's disappearance.
I have given very close attention to correspondence received in my department which raised issues in relation to the garda investigation and also the question of holding an inquest.
Fitzgerald added that she is unable to request an inquest be held as, under the Coroners Act 1962, coroners act independently of her department.
“A coroner is responsible for the scheduling and conducting of inquests in his or her district and neither I nor my department has any role in the conduct of an inquest in individual cases,” she said.
Background
Ann Doherty has claimed her twin sister Mary was killed by somebody known to her.
Doherty met with Fianna Fáil leader Micheál Martin last month. She was accompanied by journalist Gemma O'Doherty and Margo O'Donnell, a sister of singer Daniel O'Donnell and neighbour and distant cousin of the Boyles.
Doherty also met Taoiseach Enda Kenny last November to discuss the case. She and O'Donnell gave lengthy statements to gardaí at Pearse Street garda station in Dublin in October in a bid to assist the investigation.
Ann Doherty Source: Screengrab/YouTube
O'Doherty previously told TheJournal.ie that Doherty “has known for many years who her sister's killer is” after a person told her of their identity.
Meanwhile, Pringle told us:
It is important for Mary's family that the inquest is convened without delay.
‘Ongoing trauma'
Fitzgerald said she is “very conscious of the ongoing trauma and distress for the families and friends of persons who go missing”.
“I can assure the house that I am fully aware of the various concerns which have been raised about [this case].
“I am also mindful of the sensitivity of the issues involved and, in this regard, I might add that I have previously met with the next of kin of the missing person, who is also the principal point of contact within the family for An Garda Síochána.”
Fitzgerald added that it would not be appropriate for her to comment on an ongoing garda investigation.
I am also mindful of the need to ensure that nothing we say would add to the distress which the family in this case has already experienced.
Fitzgerald said she understands that a Garda review team is “endeavouring to advance the investigation and that all avenues of inquiry are being fully being pursued”.
She noted that two complaints in relation to the case have been investigated by the Garda Síochána Ombudsman Commission (GSOC), stating: “I am advised that no misbehaviour on the part of members of An Garda Síochána was identified by GSOC and the complainant was notified of these findings.”
O'Doherty plans to release a documentary about Mary's disappearance, The Untold Story, next month.
Comments are disabled on this post as there is an ongoing Garda investigation.
This week “boots on the ground” took on a whole new meaning in politics.
A surprising focus on Senator Marco Rubio's shiny, stack-heeled ankle boots, first noted in a desultory Twitter post on Monday by a New York Times reporter, has grown over the last few days into one of the weirder firestorms of the presidential campaign, with rival candidates and the news media adding tinder to the flames.
Senator Ted Cruz's communications director, Rick Tyler, wrote on Twitter: “A Vote for Marco Rubio Is a Vote for Men's High-Heeled Booties.” “Rubio has those cute new boots and I don't want to be outdone,” Senator Rand Paul said before an appearance on “The View.” Carly Fiorina posted a Twitter message with a photograph of her own pair of high-heeled boots, with the message “Yeah, @marcorubio, but can you rock these?”
On “Morning Joe,” Joe Scarborough called the footwear “shagalicious.” Vanity Fair played a “guess the brand and cost” game. New York Magazine's The Cut compared Mr. Rubio to Harry Styles, the One Direction heartthrob. The Daily Mail twinned him with former President Nicolas Sarkozy of France, a noted clotheshorse.
In the end, Mr. Rubio's campaign told Politico that the boots actually came from Florsheim. Judging by the shoemaker's website, they look a lot like the Duke style (cost $135).
Legal experts weigh in on whether Trump could appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Clinton's use of a private email server while she was secretary of state
There were plenty to pick from, but arguably the most shocking moment in Sunday night's presidential debate came when Donald Trump responded to Hillary Clinton's statement that it was just as well her opponent was not in charge of the law.
“Because you'd be in jail,” retorted Trump, who had also just said that, if elected, he would instruct his attorney general to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Clinton's use of a private email server while she was secretary of state.
Donald Trump threatens to jail Hillary Clinton in second presidential debate Read more
Eric Holder, the former attorney general, tweeted: “Be afraid of any candidate who says he will order DOJ/FBI to act on his command This is dangerous/so is @realDonaldTrump – he's not qualified.”
He added: “In the USA we do not threaten to jail political opponents. @realDonaldTrump said he would. He is promising to abuse the power of the office.”
Others compared Trump to dictators such as Uganda's Idi Amin.
Chants of “Lock her up” are a regular feature of Trump's rallies, but on Monday his campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, claimed that the threat “was a quip” and that he was “channeling the frustration of thousands of voters he hears every day”. Legal experts argued that, even in the increasingly unlikely event of a Trump presidency, the odds of Clinton being put behind bars are “infinitesimally small” in a constitutional democracy born out of revolution against the absolute power of monarchs.
Henry Chambers, a professor at the University of Richmond's school of law, said: “He could start the ball rolling by suggesting to the Department of Justice that it start an investigation, but even then it's kind of nuts. The idea that he could decide on his own, ‘I will put Hillary Clinton in jail,' is bizarre squared. He himself would be threatened with impeachment.”
Chambers said he was not unduly concerned by the Republican candidate's remarks, in part because he felt Trump was highly unlikely to win. “I still trust in America and I still trust that even a guy like Rudy Giuliani still believes in proper behaviour and if there's nothing there, they're not going after her, even if she's Hillary Clinton. I still believe that at the end of the day we're a government of laws, not a government of men.”
Clinton has already been investigated by the FBI, which found her handling of classified information to have been careless but not criminal.
Should Trump pull off a dramatic win, he might, for example, name Chris Christie as attorney general. Christie has been an aggressive critic of Clinton and even used his Republican national convention speech to play prosecutor and put her “on trial” for endangering national security.
He might therefore appoint a special prosecutor with some relish. “The FBI decision does not preclude reopening the investigation into Clinton,” said a former government lawyer, who did not wish to be named. “It's not like double jeopardy. James Comey of the FBI has already looked at it and decided it is not a criminal matter – but of course, under a different administration, there might be new pressure from on high.”
If the special prosecutor found sufficient evidence to bring an indictment, Clinton could in theory go on trial before a jury and, if convicted, the judge would determine her sentence. But such a scenario for a high-profile politician is highly unlikely, the lawyer said. In 1973 Vice-President Spiro Agnew admitted evading taxes and resigned under an agreement with the Department of Justice to avoid imprisonment; he was sentenced to three years' probation and fined $10,000.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Chris Christie has been an aggressive critic of Clinton and even used his Republican national convention speech to play prosecutor and put her ‘on trial' for endangering national security. Photograph: Michael Reynolds/EPA
The lawyer added: “Normally these cases are settled short of a trial. But I can't rule out the infinitesimally small possibility in an imaginary universe.”
America has a long history of special prosecutors and – a similar role – independent counsels. When Archibald Cox tried to force Richard Nixon to turn over tape recordings of his conversations in the White House during the Watergate saga in 1973, the president ordered his attorney general to fire him; the attorney general resigned. Independent counsel Kenneth Starr's investigation led to Bill Clinton's impeachment in 1998.
The law authorising judge-approved independent counsels lapsed 17 years ago. As things stand, the US attorney general has a relatively free hand to appoint a special prosecutor if they believe a criminal investigation is called for or if the Department of Justice is unable to conduct it independently.
Conservative lobbyist Curt Levey, executive director of the pro-free market FreedomWorks Foundation, said he wished Barack Obama had appointed a special prosecutor to investigate Clinton. But he dismissed Trump's remark about jail as a “counterpunch” during the heat of debate.
“Whatever you think of Donald Trump, I don't believe he really thinks he would put Hillary Clinton in jail. The president has no authority to jail people, and people in her position don't normally get sent to jail for first offences.”
He added with a hint of irony: “President Bush did order the enemy combatants to go to Guantanámo Bay, but there's no way Hillary Clinton could be described as an enemy combatant.”
Despite the electoral and legal improbabilities, Trump's comments have caused consternation in America and around the world with their chilling echo of authoritarian regimes that lock up political opponents and journalists.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A Florida delegate holds up a sign that reads ‘Lock Her Up' at the Republican national convention. Photograph: Jeff J Mitchell/Getty Images
David Maraniss, a journalist and author, said: “Trump sounded like a tinpot dictator during the debate. His assertion that Hillary would be in jail if he were president, and his threat to stick a special prosecutor on her as soon as he takes office, were exactly what you might hear or see in the worst totalitarian regimes across the world, precisely what the American democracy is designed to prevent. He seemed to have no understanding of the constitution or rule of law.
“As shocking as his debate statements were, they were of a piece with his earlier threats to use executive power to go after the media, set immigration restrictions based on religious affiliation, and declare the Central Park Five guilty long after scientific evidence found them innocent. Freedom of the press, freedom of religion, and the application of scientific proof are all wholly foreign to him.”
David Coltart, an opposition member and former government minister in Zimbabwe, compared Trump to Robert Mugabe, who has ruled the African country with an iron fist for 36 years. “Trump shows alarming similarities to Mugabe. Both are demagogues. Mugabe uses law as a weapon, not an instrument of justice; Trump appears to be intent on doing the same.”
[Trump] seemed to have no understanding of the constitution or rule of law David Maraniss
Tendai Biti, a former political prisoner and finance minister in Zimbabwe, added: “I think Donald Trump is dragging US politics to depths which are lower than many in Africa's coconut republics dominated by electoral authoritarianism and tinpot dictators. Mugabe is smoother and more suave in the execution of his madness; Trump is a rogue, more like Idi Amin.”
Amin, who ruled Uganda in the 1970s, was portrayed by Forest Whitaker as a capricious child-like sociopath in the film The Last King of Scotland, based on the novel by Giles Foden. Dr Louis Picard, professor of public and international affairs and African Studies at the University of Pittsburgh, and a frequent worker in Uganda, did not quite agree with the comparison.
“I see it more like [current president] Yoweri Museveni in that it's a lighter touch than Amin: you arrest them, you ban the protests for 10 days but you don't go out shooting.” Under Museveni, who came to power in 1986, Uganda's opposition leader, Kizza Besigye, is regularly in and out of prison.
Picard said Trump has also copied the tactics of some African political parties by questioning the legitimacy of the election in advance and claiming it will be rigged against him. “It does worry me in the long term because we're starting to get this into the system and it won't go away,” he said.
