The following blog post, unless otherwise noted, was written by a member of Gamasutras community.
The thoughts and opinions expressed are those of the writer and not Gamasutra or its parent company.
This is a reprint of an article originally written for my site at keithburgun.net.
I am very happy that we seem to be having a bit of a cultural awakening when it comes to the portrayal of women in video games. In general, the degree to which the "Bikini Warrior" character design is met with disgust is rising, and it will continue to rise in the coming years.
I think while we continue to work on that, another frontier is the problem of violence glorification, something which plagues all of our media, but perhaps video games and movies worst of all.
This article is not about game design, and in fact, I will be using several examples from outside of games because I think these examples highlight the issue best, and the problem is culture-wide and not specific to interactive entertainment. This article does, however, address a common problem in the themes and settings of games and other media and how it affects the wider culture. In Part 2, I will address a separate problem with violence in games and how it negatively impacts game design.
I should say that I am strongly against the idea of any kind of censorship and am not advocating for that. Instead, I am hoping to convince others that a social and cultural change on this topic is in our best interests.
Dissonance On Violence
Actual violence is not cool. It's never glamorous, and it's never fun. If there exist situations wherein it becomes necessary, those situations are all tragedies - displays of weakness, and cowardice; a wasteful failure of humanity.
Until recently, I don't know if I completely internalized this fact. Don't get me wrong: I've always known that real-life violence was ugly, and I've always been vocally anti-violence. I've never been in a fight, and I recall feeling profoundly embarrassed for those involved when I'd see a fight break out in high school.
But there's a difference between thinking an idea and feeling it. You can consciously, intellectually know that violence is horrible and ugly, and at the same time subconsciously either "not mind" violence, or even relish it. In my case, I would say that I've had a bit of this dissonance for my entire life, and I don't think I'm alone.
There's always been this dissonance surrounding the topic. I don't like violence and I'm not a violent person, but being a male who's growing up in our society, I of course always liked action movies, video games, comic books, and all kinds of violence-heavy media.
The given explanation for this has always been that there's a strict dividing line between fantasy and reality, and so a completely non-violent person can enjoy violent media. On the face of it, this is true. Just as it's true that most people who play Bikini Warrior Game do not hold sexist views - in fact, many of them would probably describe themselves as feminists.
At the same time, though, all media, no matter what it is, communicates cultural values. The subtext of most action movie fight scenes is something like, "look at how great this character is for solving this problem by using violence", or "it's heroic to use violence", or sometimes just: "violence is glamorous/cool".
The dissonance is seen somewhat clearly with action films that are borderline satirical, such as Robocop, The Expendables, or the Rambo sequels. In these cases, the author is setting up an "excuse" for you to enjoy the violence. It's a bit like one of those websites that has a "Top 20 Most Offensive Skimpy Outfits from Videogames" article - they're actually cashing in on the thing they claim to be offended by.
I think the glorification of violence is something that people - particularly males - are taught to value. I don't think it's something we would otherwise naturally value. There may even be historical/evolutionary reasons why these Men Are Violent meme appeared in the first place. My guess is that glorification of violence was a useful tool to us throughout most history, which took place in a vastly more violent world than the one we know today.
We've made a ton of progress on this front, and perhaps one difference between the status quo on violence and the status quo on sexism is that we've simply made more progress overall on the former. However, I would argue that even if we are doing fantastically on developing an anti-violent culture, we need to do even better. The stakes are just too high.
Examples
I recently watched the first couple episodes of The Walking Dead. I had been very hesitant to watch it, because I've been skeptical of the "zombie apocalypse" premise for reasons which weren't completely clear to me until recently. Regardless, it's such a cultural centerpiece these days that I figured I should at least check it out.
Watch the following clip, which compiles "kill shots" from the first few seasons. (NSFW)
Like any of the other ugliest parts of our culture, violence-glorification knows how to wear a disguise, but in this clip, the disguise is thin. When I was much younger, I would have said that it was legitimately cool. In my 20s, I might have said that it was "funny" or perhaps "dramatic". But now, this bothers me. I actually find it to be extremely distasteful, incorrect, stupid, and just straight up bad writing.
The reason that the "zombie apocalypse" setting is so offensive to me is that it's the author manufacturing a scenario under which violence could be not only justifiable, but so clearly justifiable that we can even glorify it. It's going to great lengths to manufacture such a scenario. In other words, the starting point is "I want to portray violence". From there, we come up with a rationalization - some bizarre, weird scenario under which horrendous violence is our only option. "Uh... well, what if every human in the world got taken over by some curse which made them just want to rip me apart alive!? THEN could I shoot them point blank in the face with a shotgun with a grin on my face?"
The "superhero" and "lone badass action hero" tropes are also great examples of this. You have a guy - and it's almost always a guy - who has to, for whatever reason, gun down dozens of faceless, nameless "thugs" who "have it coming". Sylvester Stallone, Bruce Willis, Arnold Schwarzenegger and a few others quickly come to mind as people who embody this trope, and who tend to embody the concept of manliness for generations of little boys.
The portrayal of our hero just wantonly killing nearby "thugs" might even be getting worse. "Thugs" have to have done less and less to deserve to be murdered in films and video games. Early on, they had to at least shoot at our hero, or threaten him somehow. Now, they just have to be associated with some "bad" organization and be standing around at HQ, and this merits their death. This appears even in more "comic" movies one might consider benign, like the recent Guardians of the Galaxy.
A counter-argument I've heard is that actually, the primary values of these movies and games are about "good defeating evil". My counter to that counter-argument is: "good defeating evil" is just another way of phrasing the same problem. In both cases, the problem is reducing human beings to "objects that need killing".
Here's another example, this time from Far Cry 4 (Should probably be NSFW, but disturbingly, I kinda think it might actually be SFW...)
I think we've gotten a bit de-sensitized to what it is we're looking at with things like this. The above is, among other things, a human killing simulator. They're bad guys though, don't worry.
A writer could write about a billion different things, but the fact that they are choosing to create a scenario wherein violence is so obviously the only reasonable choice reveals a lot about their values.
When Violence Is Good
I am not saying "never portray violence in media". Violence is horrible, but to pretend that it doesn't exist is also absurd. When we portray violence, we should portray it as it really is: ugly. Weak. Disgusting. Not disgusting as in "blood-and-guts yucky" disgusting, but disgusting as in the feeling you get when you read public rape threats, hear a KKK leader speak, or accidentally scroll down to the comment section on a YouTube video.
My favorite work of fiction is Breaking Bad, which portrays violence often. However, most of the violence in the show is portrayed in an extremely negative light, particularly when our main characters commit the acts. It's almost never supposed to be cool(the one possible exception being the Mexican brothers in Season 3, which is probably the worst part of the show).
(Spoilers ahead, so skip to the next paragraph if you haven't watched Breaking Bad yet and (erroneously) believe in spoilers.) That first scene, with Crazy-Eight and the pipe, is a depiction of violence that I really like. Between a tear gliding down his face as he begins the struggle, and the repeated whispering of "I'm sorry" after the act is done, Walter's tremendous sense of remorse for having done this is thoroughly apparent. Not to mention the episode-long struggle that Walter experienced trying to find some way of avoiding having to do this. What has just happened is not remotely cool, and that is a value that I strongly agree with.
By the way: that video has a kill counter on it. Let's take a moment and imagine if there was something else just as horrible with a "counter". Perhaps if there's some crime show that has more than one rape scene, we could have compilation video with a "rape counter"? Does that seem tasteful? While there might be small disagreements, I think for the most part we'd generally agree that killing is at least roughly as horrible as raping (here's a good lengthy discussion on that topic).
Breaking Bad's portrayal of violence actually advances our society; it does the opposite of what glorified violence does. Violence is bad, so portraying it as such is illuminating. Portraying it as glorious is regressive.
Why It Matters
Experiencing works that glorify violence allow you to flex your Anti-Compassion muscles. Humans are naturally compassionate for one another; we really have to learn to drop that compassion and see our enemy as "other" in order to actually want to kill them.
Now, I think I could play violent video games for eight hours a day, every day, and never hurt a fly for as long as I live. In fact, I sort of did that for about half of my years on this planet. I'm not convinced that there is a direct connection between experiencing violent media and being a violent person (although I should mention that there exists a good amount of research on this subject suggesting that there is such a connection).
What I do think is that there is a direct connection between one's cultural values and being a violent person, and films, games, music and everything else absolutely is a part of what builds our cultural values.
These cultural values then go on to not only influence us on a personal level, but also are likely to influence us politically. Was it morally correct to assassinate Osama Bin Laden? I don't know - partially because we never even really had the conversation. Most people just accepted that of course it was correct, he's a freakin' BAD GUY!
There are times when we're faced with a question about whether we should go to war with some country. The anti-compassion muscles that let us see the bad guy as "other" in Guardians of the Galaxy are the same ones that we flex when we say, "just go in there and bomb the hell out of them!"
Obviously, the world is not full of good guys and bad guys. Even the bad guys of the day, ISIS, are certainly not all deserving of a gruesome murder, right? There are women, children, and probably a bunch of dudes who just don't want to cause trouble that are technically members or affiliates of ISIS (certainly all of them would be "justifiably" murdered by a marauding Bruce Willis). It's so easy to just say we should completely wipe them out. Part of what makes this so easy, I think, is that we're used to flexing our Anti-Compassion muscles.
I personally advocate for the abolition of the death penalty, and I've had a number of debates with people who are in favor of it. Inevitably, the conversation leads down a path that leads to some super-extreme scenario that would either literally never happen, or is so incredibly rare as to be useless when discussing policy. Hypotheticals such as the following appear in our conversation:
"Okay, well... what if you have a guy, and he is like, raped and murdered like five little girls, and we KNOW with 100% certainty that he did it, and he admits it, and he's not sorry at all."
You see how there's this strange effort to try and find a situation wherein killing might be acceptable. There's some part of our culture that is looking for something to kill.
Really, though, we should expect that - especially from males. Boys are given two distinct messages as they grow up. They are verbally instructed, of course, to never be violent. However, media sends the message that yeah but actually you know that when it comes down to it, you gotta be a man and fucking KILL THE SHIT out of some bad guys. It sounds silly, but I really think that's the messaging we get.
By the way: men are significantly more likely to support the death penalty than women are.
Conclusion
Progress means fine-tuning our moral compass. Part of doing that means being more critical of the messages and values being put forward in the media we intake. It's not enough to write off violence glorification as just a meaningless skin on top of a "fun thrill ride". We need to reject these kinds of works and demand that creators come up to our moral level. It may be uncomfortable, but change always is.
Part 2 of this article will discuss how violence as a theme/setting negatively affects game design.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
The Mission: The Gentlemen's Standard is dedicated to promoting and disseminating positive media content for gentlemen of color. Utilizing style and grooming as a conduit, our objective is to present material that cultivates integrity, pride, dignity, and overall gentlemanly conduct in the community.
Lincoln Motor Company – Lincoln First Listen – Ne-Yo
The Lincoln Motor Company has launched the next chapter in its Lincoln First Listen music series featuring singer, songwriter and multiple GRAMMY® award winner NE-YO. This sixth installment features the Revel sound system in the luxurious setting of the all-new 2018 Lincoln Navigator as NE-YO discusses the inspiration for his new song “Good Man.” Capturing the quiet confidence of both artist and vehicle, the video's behind-the-scenes narrative is personal and up-close. On a cinematic nighttime drive through Los Angeles, both the understated elegance of Navigator along with the artistry and class of NE-YO are showcased.
“Highlighting NE-YO's vehicle choice as a symbol of his personal growth is an ideal narrative for the 2018 Lincoln Navigator,” said Jennifer Edwards, Lincoln multicultural communications manager. “His journey represents the maturity, class and quiet confidence Lincoln is known for. As his lyrics bear out, NE-YO is a new man – a good man – and the 2018 Lincoln Navigator is a completely new vehicle.” Music is an important part of Lincoln's commitment to the arts. In addition to events, concert series and more, the brand also demonstrates that commitment through its Lincoln First Listen series.
Lincoln First Listen debuted in 2016 putting the spotlight on upcoming tracks by both rising and established recording artists from behind the wheel of a Lincoln vehicle. Lincoln First Listen volume six featuring NE-YO highlights the all-new 2018 Lincoln Navigator and Revel sound system. The all-new Lincoln Navigator was just awarded coveted Truck of the Year honors at the 2018 North American International Auto Show, the country's largest, most influential auto show. Combining modern luxury with advanced technology, the 2018 Lincoln Navigator features Lincoln Play, plus an available rear-seat entertainment system that allows passengers to stream movies, TV shows, games and other content wirelessly with compatible mobile devices.
Lincoln First Listen volume six featuring NE-YO was directed by Joshua Seftel, whose credits include work with Will Smith, Stanley Tucci, James Earl Jones, Alfre Woodard and Sarah Jessica Parker.
About The Lincoln Motor Company
The Lincoln Motor Company is the luxury automotive brand of Ford Motor Company, committed to creating compelling vehicles with an exceptional ownership experience to match. For more information about The Lincoln Motor Company, please visit media.lincoln.com or www.lincoln.com. Follow us on Facebook at facebook.com/lincoln.
Review – Dooney & Bourke – Florentine Medium Duffle
“Good morning Glen. So, do you plan on skipping town after work?” said a colleague of mine as I entered the department at work. The Dooney & Bourke Florentine Medium Duffle is so robust, one has to ponder if “medium” is an accurate descriptor of the aforementioned travel companion. Now, before I venture too far ahead of myself, please allow me to rewind the story for proper context. Approximately three weeks ago, I was contacted by a public relations representative with some intriguing information: Dooney & Bourke, leading American designer of fine accessories in leather and fabric, was revitalizing and reintroducing their men's collection from the mid 1970s. Furthermore, I could inspect and review a selected piece of merchandise for my reading audience.
Continue Reading Here.
Carter G. Woodson
“Real education means to inspire people to live more abundantly, to learn to live with life as they find it and make it better.” – Carter G. Woodson
Style & Substance – J. Crew – Cashmere Cable Beanie
To be perfectly honest with the audience, I simply cannot understand how some gentlemen are capable of confronting the elements, of course referring to bone-rattling glacial winter temperatures, without dutiful protection of some form of headgear. I quietly, painfully observe my fellow gentlemen commute across frozen, urban tundras; their cranial follicles crying out for a warm, merciful intervention. Alas, toasty relief is but an unfulfilled dream of comfort. As a bald gentleman, venturing into frosty weather is definitely not – and I passionately repeat – is definitely not an option. I can vividly hear my late grandmother now: Boy, put something on that head before you catch pneumonia! Therefore, my winter wardrobe is stockpiled with the necessary accessories to combat plummeting temperatures.
Continue Reading Here.
The Standard #47
To be absolutely sure, the world in which we exist is painfully flawed, replete with the best moral and ethical failings that mankind has to offer. Now, the wise gentleman comprehends that unnecessary energy expended toward circumstances that cannot be unconditionally rectified, nor altered is an exercise in futility. Moreover, the wise gentleman also comprehends that he cannot burden himself with the weight of impossibility – indelible moral sins that stain the woven fabric of our humanity. Nevertheless, a gentleman can intelligently wield whatever influence he possesses to assuage challenging and distressing conditions that he may encounter.
One gentleman may not be able to resolve the issue of homelessness, however, he can donate to a local shelter or champion a clothing drive. One gentleman may not be able to eradicate racial workplace bias, however, he can smartly utilize his voice to challenge preexisting discrimination and prejudice. One gentleman may not be able to mend the broken spirits of every at-risk youth, however, he can dedicate much-needed time to mentor or volunteer with a local charity. A wise gentleman does not become discouraged or disenchanted due to the seemingly enormous effort required to confront the difficult complexities that society presents. Regardless of what the problem may be, he simply does what is righteous and just because that is what an honorable and principled gentleman is called to do.
“The knowledgeable gentleman comprehends that his image does not begin with how society views him. Rather, the gentleman's image begins with how he sees himself.”
Gent Hints – Necktie Maintenance
Ritual: a detailed method of established procedure that is faithfully or regularly followed. Now, with respect to a gentleman's wardrobe, maintaining a set of rituals can be greatly beneficial, especially with regards to preventative maintenance. Nothing can subtract years off the life expectancy of a particular item in your closet more than neglect and ambivalence. A gentleman must adhere to a rigid, set rule of practices that ensure proper upkeep and preservation, or he may witness a wardrobe that prematurely succumbs to irreversible disrepair. Today, we are focusing on the necktie. In the following paragraph, you will find a tried and true method that will definitely extend your necktie's longevity. Every evening after work, I follow the same ritual as I remove my necktie. Trust, it works. Now, neckties are delicate creatures to begin with, and the continual knotting process can administer a brutal toll on its fabric. Therefore, it is paramount that a gentleman develops the habit of rolling his necktie after he has finished wearing it. First, it is wise to loosen your necktie and carefully reverse the knotting to return it to its untied form. Next, and this is the important part, start at the narrow end and tightly roll along its length. Given that I have enough neckties to endure until the following week, I usually leave my neckties coiled until I unroll them, smooth out the remaining wrinkles, and either hang or place in my dresser drawer. The timetable is up to you. Nevertheless, the key is rolling your necktie nice and tight to hammer out those wrinkles. And never, and we mean never, leave your necktie knotted when you're not wearing it. You've been warned. Striving While Black – Navigating the Corporate World as a Gentleman of Color I've been in this game for years, corporate life is an animal, it's rules to the game, so I wrote me a manual. It's a step by step e-booklet for you to get your job on track – not your career pushed back. Yes, the corporate world can present quite the challenge for anyone, but for the gentleman of color, this world can be an entirely different animal. And for the uninitiated, the wrong moves can render a career stuck in neutral, or worst yet, gifted a box of your belongings and shown the exit. Trust, there will be landmines that must be expertly navigated if career success is the objective. Your patience and resolve will be tested. There are so many times you can be confused with the other black guy in the office before it starts to wear on your nerves. You can only hear black slang from 1985 resurrected in 2018 as if it is brand new so many times before you want to scream. You can only hear the expressed fear from your non-melaninated colleagues about venturing into an urban area (which they never visit anyway) before your eyes roll out of the sockets. Never mind that you go to work everyday where a mass shooting could pop off at any moment by a disgruntled, middle-aged white male. Oh yes, I've had active shooter training, and law enforcement confirmed the standard profile of said gunman. You bite your tongue. You grind your teeth. But I digress, to survive the corporate office, you have to learn how the game is played. And then you must play it effectively. Continue Reading Here.
The Standard #15
Undeterred by difficult obstacles in his path, the accomplished gentleman understands that he must remain true to his beliefs. Resolute in making decisions regarding his future, he does not let circumstances or individuals negatively influence his actions. Doubt can never become a factor, for doubt is a killer of faith and kidnapper of hope. Nevertheless, this gentleman is acutely focused. All challenges are welcomed. He remains remarkably steady, even in the face of naysayers. And even if success does not arrive expeditiously, he understands patience is an ally of diligence. And together, they will bring forth prosperity. Transforming aspirational dreams into reality, this gentleman never betrays his goals. He never betrays his work. And most important, he never betrays himself. Success feels so much better this way.
“Humility. The act of possessing a modest opinion of one's importance, understanding the complex context of life, and respecting the reality that other individuals may be better at some things than yourself.”
Lincoln Motor Company – Lincoln First Listen – Ne-Yo – Good Man
TSA to test new body scan system in Las Vegas
The Transportation Security Agency is about to test a new, more modest body scanning system at McCarran International Airport in Las Vegas. There have been a lot of complaints that the full-body scans are intrusive, but TSA spokesman Dwayne Baird says the software being unveiled Tuesday lets passengers see what its security screeners see, and it uses a more generic image.
Baird says that the TSA is trying to determine whether it can improve privacy protections and maintain the same security levels.
There are nearly 500 full-body scanners in use at 78 airports. The scans show a traveler's physical contours on a computer screen and can reveal hidden weapons or explosives. Faces aren't shown, and the images are viewed in a private room, but many people say it still reveals too much about what's under their clothes. Olympian
Advertisements
Disney's live-action “Beauty and the Beast” is crossing the $400 million mark in worldwide box office grosses Tuesday after less than a week of release.
The studio reported that the tentpole took in $35.3 million on Monday to lift the worldwide total to $392.4 million — $188.2 million domestically and another $202.2 million internationally. The U.S. take for Monday was $13.4 million, the second-biggest March Monday behind only the $15 million for “Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice” a year ago.
Monday's overseas results were led by China with nearly $5 million and almost $4 million in Mexico due to the Benito Juarez birthday holiday. China is the top foreign grosser with $49.5 million, followed by the U.K. with $26.6 million, Mexico with $15.6 million, South Korea with $12.8 million, and Brazil with $12.6 million.
The foreign release represents about 65% of the international market. France will open on Wednesday and Australia will launch on Thursday. Japan's opening is set for April 21.
Disney spent $160 million making the movie, directed by Bill Condon. The cast includes Emma Watson as Belle and “Downton Abbey” alum Dan Stevens as her cursed love interest.
The $174.8 million opening weekend for “Beauty” set a record as the best March launch, topping “Batman v Superman” and solidifying Disney's status as the current dominant player in the film business.
“Deplorable Deb,” a lesbian YouTuber and fervent Donald Trump supporter, is back with a new video rant that's just as crazy as you would expect from that set up. This time the target of her ire is Robby Mook, the gay campaign manager for Hillary Clinton's campaign.
“You are a disgrace as a Gay man to be Hillary's Campaign manager, after all the money she takes from these countries that will kill us for being GAY,” Deb writes in the video's description. She warms to her theme in the video and then takes a sudden turn into la-la land when she starts comparing ISIS to AIDS.
“You know Mr. Mook, I got to tell you something. I was out of the closet during the time of AIDS … you're 36 years old, you don't know anything about that. And for me that was a very bad time. I lost a lot of friends then,” she says. “And what I find now it's not funny going into a gay club and having some terrorist from these Muslim countries coming to kill us. And you should be ashamed of yourself for campaigning for that bitch. Unbelievable.”
“And for me, this is a worse time now, worrying about ISIS killing us. You don't even know the time of AIDS, that was a bad time that I never thought in my life I would see another time that I would fear for me and my other gay friends,” she says.
“But to know that you are a gay man, like us, and you're her campaign manager. How disgraceful, that you are out there in the public supporting somebody that is going to come here and will kill you for being a gay man.”
Watch Deb's rant below. We've also included her breakout hit “I am tired of being asked why as a Gay women I support Trump” below it just for fun.
This Story Filed Under
With the Galaxy S5 revealed and the iPhone 6 still months away, the rumor mill is setting its sights on the next Nexus, or perhaps Nexii, if you believe the latest word out of Europe that Google and LG are working together on a Nexus 6 to be introduced at the same time as a Nexus smartwatch in the second half of this year.
A report out of Germany claims that LG and Google will team up again for the successor to the Nexus 5 after a pretty successful run collaborating on the last two Nexus smartphones and the Google Play edition LG G Pad. Android head Sundar Pichai confirmed that the new Nexus was in the works to a French site last month.
Just as we initially heard the Nexus 5 was based on the LG G2, the German report says the Nexus 5 will resemble a stripped-down LG G3, which has yet to be officially announced. I'll be taking this with a grain of salt, as in the case of the Nexus 5 it seemed as though Google's engineers weighed in pretty heavily on the final design, and the Nexus 5 wound up being pretty different from the G2 in a number of ways.
Not surprisingly, Lenovo, which is in the process of purchasing Motorola from Google, does not appear to have anything to do with the next Nexus. The same report also suggests that Google could be working with LG on a smartwatch to be released alongside the Nexus 6. Interesting that Google might consider mimicking Samsung's approach to bundling the flagship phone and watch given that there's been no real proven market demand for such wearables just yet.
It nonetheless makes sense that Google would be looking into different wearable form factors, but I'm also still left wondering when the masses might finally get a chance to don Google Glass, which we've been seeing and hearing about for much longer than the Google smartwatch at this point.
The date to mark on the calendar for now would seem to be June 25 - 26 when Google holds its I/O conference and we're likely to hear about some, or all, of these new products.
To jack in to my brain and get more on the latest in science, tech and innovation, follow me here on Forbes, as well as on Twitter @ericcmack and on Google+.
Season 2 of the Rivals Championship Series kicks off this weekend with the Road to Shine, a free online tournament that can net you a trip to Shine 2017. Before the monthlies get into full swing however, we thought it would be nice to look back at past events and players in our scene. That's why all this week we'll be putting out an article each day as we count down the top 50 Rivals players – ending on Friday with #1!
Articles in the Series
Methodology
When taking an in-depth look at our players for this article series, we recognized that we have a lot of good players. Many of them have never played each other locally which makes this a tough exercise. Past the very top players, many players are also separated by razor thin margins. To that end, we tried to employ a methodology that would rank the players in as fair a way as possible:
Player Results
Tournament results (as long as the events meet the right criteria) are one of the best indicators of player skill. Overall standings and set count data is useful, though it's still hard to find events where all of the top players are competing at once in Rivals. To this end, I separated events from the past year into tiers. Events in higher tiers were considered more heavily when determining a player's rankings, and events were ranked this way due to amount of top players in attendance, total attendees, amount of rounds, etc.
Tier 1
RCS Online Events
Genesis 4
Tier 2
NCS Online Events
CEO Dreamland
Super Smash Con 2016
Tier 3
EVO 2016
PAX West 2016
Garden of the Gods
Tier 4
Twitchcon 2016
Rewired 2016
GUTS 4
Shine 2016
Smash Summit 3
Panelists
In addition to looking at player results, a panel of 20 players was created and surveyed for additional insight. This panel consisted mainly of top players, as well as a few other community members who are in a position to fairly judge player skill (e.g. TOs intimate with player results). These players ranked a list of over 110 players that qualified past on event placements.
Panelists were instructed to rate players from 1 – 10 based on, “… times you've played against [players on the list], past tournament results you're aware of, and how you perceive their general skill level at this current time.” The main goal was to capture rankings based on their experience playing their peers and NOT for the panelists to do in-depth research.
Community Impact
On occasion, players were weighted by a third factor of community impact. Though this was never a large portion of a player's total score, it did help separate players due to the very thin margins I mentioned earlier.
Final Notes
In some cases we were missing data (e.g. players are not active enough, limited bracket interactions) so certain players may not be listed even though they are generally accepted as being high tier. Other times even if a player was inactive, the panelists vouched so strongly for a player's skill that they were included with less recent results.
We recognize arguments can be made for many players to make this list. If you're interested in competitive Rivals of Aether, make sure you play in premiere events to test your skills against the best. You can check out the new monthly schedule for our free online RCS tournaments here: Rivals Championship Series – Season 2. Stay tuned for the first installment in the top 50 coming later today!
Yoichi Ochiai, Takayuki Hoshi and Jun Rekimoto – scientists at the University of Tokyo – have created a way to levitate objects, in a very precise way, using sound.
An ultrasound standing wave is capable of suspending small particles at its sound pressure nodes. This method has been used previously to levitate lightweight particles, small creatures, and water droplets.
The new system uses a three-dimensional array of speakers, allowing for controlled levitation & movement of objects.
Here's a demo of the three-dimensional acoustic levitation in action:
Technical details:
The acoustic axis of the ultrasound beam in previous studies was parallel to the gravitational force, and the levitated objects were manipulated along the fixed axis (i.e. one-dimensionally) by controlling the phases or frequencies of bolted Langevin-type transducers. In the present study, millimetre-sized particles were levitated and moved three-dimensionally by localized ultrasonic standing waves, which were generated by ultrasonic phased arrays.
The new manipulation system has two original features:
One is the direction of the ultrasound beam, which is arbitrary because the force acting toward its centre is also utilised.
The other is the manipulation principle by which a localised standing wave is generated at an arbitrary position and moved three-dimensionally by opposed and ultrasonic phased arrays.
Check it out and let us know what you think of this!
via Angelo
Insects are a highly successful clade of organisms, as evidenced by the myriad forms one can daily observe. This success is due to the layering and interaction of many different advantageous evolutionary and ecological factors over the eons, allowing for such massive speciation. One such advantage may be that of size. Insects are reasonably small in comparison with the wide variation of scales other clades of living organisms have achieved. Why? The correct answer is a combination of several hypotheses, but what combination?
Among the most prevalent hypotheses are those pointing the finger of size-limitation blame towards tracheal respiratory system limitations, an unfavorable surface area to volume ratio causing biomechanical exoskeleton non-scalability, and the evolution of more potent flying life forms such as birds and bats posing potential biotic size-limiting factors including predation and competition. At the opposite end of the scale, evidence shows that insect miniaturization is limited more simply by egg size large enough to produce viable larvae (for females), brain size, and the inability to fly, a highly advantageous evolved behavior (Grebennikov 2008, Niven & Farris 2012, Polilov 2012).
Insects' breathing system consists of pairs of holes called spiracles along their bodies connecting to tubes called tracheae which transport oxygen to cells and remove carbon dioxide. As insects increase in size, tracheae take up a proportionally greater amount of space in their bodies because they need to increase in length and width to deliver oxygen as a larger body size increases oxygen needs. This inhibits growth because at a certain point the tracheae become impractical and crowd other organs (Kirkton 2007).
Unlike an endoskeleton, which allows continuous growth, an exoskeleton limits an organism to discrete or incremental growth through molting. During molting, an organism is highly vulnerable to predation and the forces of gravity. A very large insect would take too long to molt, put too much energy into the production of a new exoskeleton, and collapse under its own weight. Also, an exoskeleton must be scaled to the dimensions of the organism to prevent it from collapsing. For example, if an ant's exoskeleton must become thicker than body size increases (strength is proportional to length squared whereas mass is proportional to length cubed), at a certain point this thickness would cause the ant's legs to crumple under the strain of holding up its own body weight.
One hypothesis points to biotic factors constraining size. If flying insects were large, they would be easier to prey upon because they would be more conspicuous and less acrobatically maneuverable. Also, insects would be outcompeted by other flying animals like birds and bats. This hypothesis is outlined and explored further below.
One way to logically determine the possible evolutionary pressures limiting insect size is to trace the different evolutionary paths a primitive insect may have taken on its journey of terrestrial invasion and ultimate colossal diversification. Imagine a primitive insectoid form crawling out of the ocean. It pioneered the terrestrial space for its slimy kin. This creature does fairly well for a while, but then its squishy body becomes a hindrance to its fitness to reproduce-it is too physically vulnerable and too costly in terms of moisture conservation. Therefore, the organism evolves an exoskeleton to help conserve moisture and protect itself from predators. However, this primitive exoskeleton reduces the insect's diffusion, and it must evolve a respiratory system-either tracheal or some intermediary. If the insect possesses an exoskeleton upon colonization, but has a diffusive respiratory system causing it to lose too much moisture, it may also evolve a tracheal system.
In either scenario, the primitive land-bound insect is limited by size because of its exoskeleton and tracheal system. If for some reason the insect first has no reason to evolve an exoskeleton-perhaps it is small enough or evasive enough to avoid prying predators – then it would be limited by its tracheal system. The opposite is true if the insect has a different respiratory system than a tracheal one – it would be limited by its exoskeleton. Interestingly enough, a lack of exoskeletons could also have limited the pioneering insect's size. If it got too large but remained squishy and vulnerable, it would have been much easier to see and capture as well as to rip apart and ingest. Fast forward to the Carboniferous period. During this time period, oxygen levels were higher, meaning insects needed smaller quantities of air to meet their oxygen demands and could thus grow much larger (Clapham & Karr 2012). In fact, one study suggests insects may have needed to grow larger to avoid hyperoxia. Aquatic larvae which respire through diffusion are more sensitive to oxygen fluctuations and primitive forms which may have been unable to regulate their oxygen intake could solve this issue by growing bigger (Verberk & Bilton 2011). Only those organisms unconstrained by the exoskeleton could have grown large during the Carboniferous period, such as odonates, which overcome the surface area to volume problem by changing their shape. Bloated boxy beetles would have been size-limited, but organisms with long skinny body parts could overcome this obstacle.
When insect size did decrease, this event coincided first with the evolution of birds, and then again with that of bats. With predatory birds in the air, the need for maneuverability and evasiveness trumped the evolutionary drive to be big, and insects decreased in size. Additionally, large insects were outcompeted by birds and bats for airspace. At this point in time, biotic interactions superseded oxygen as the most important constraint on insect maximum body size (Clapham & Karr 2012).
The scenarios outlined above and their various implications on insect size-limitation are simple and consider few variables. In reality, the issue is much more complex, including many different factors (genetic, environmental, abiotic, biotic, etc.) that complicate the issue of picking apart the importance of various factors on insect size limitation and evolution in general. Currently, insects are limited by all of the above. In order of priority, basic math-related issues (exoskeleton and tracheae) are the most crucially size limiting because without any other constraints they would still limit body size. As outlined earlier, competition and predation with birds and bats supersedes oxygen availability constraints. Perhaps one could make the claim that insects are ultimately constrained by gravity – in a low-gravity world exoskeleton and body weight would be irrelevant and they could just swim through the air gulping down oxygen like fish rather than bothering with tracheae! Only by further experimentation and research can scientists piece together the highly complex puzzle depicting the size limitations on and evolutionary path of insect forms.
Works Cited
Beutel, R.G., H. Pohl and F. Hünefeld. 2005. Strepsipteran brains and effects of miniaturization (Insecta). Arthropod Structure & Development 34:301-313.
Clapham, M.E. & J.A. Karr. 2012. Environmental and biotic controls on the evolutionary history of insect body size. Proceedings of the National Academy of Science USA 109:10927-10930.
Grebennikov, V.V. 2008. How small you can go: factors limiting body miniaturization in winged insects with a review of the pantropical genus Discheramocephalus and description of six new species of the smallest beetles (Pterygota: Ptiliidae). European Journal of entomology 105:313-328.
Kirkton, S.D. 2007. Effects of insect body size on tracheal structure and function. Hypoxia and the Circulation 618:221-228.
Niven, J.E. & S.M. Farris. 2012. Miniaturization of nervous systems and neurons. Current Biology 22:R322-R329.
Polilov, A.A. 2012. The smallest insects evolve anucleate neurons. Arthropod Structure and Development 41:29-34.
Verberk W.C.E.P. & Bilton D.T. 2011. Can oxygen set thermal limits in an insect and drive gigantism? PLoS ONE 6(7): e22610. doi:10.1371/journal.pone.0022610.
Advertisements
Lakers guard Kobe Bryant was asked on the John Thompson Show who he feels is the toughest opponent to guard in the NBA. Instead of picking Oklahoma City's Kevin Durant, Bryant went with Portland's Brandon Roy.
"Roy 365 days, seven days a week. Roy has no weaknesses in his game," Bryant said.
Link
HoopsVibe's Very Quick Call: No surprise here.
NBA fans shouldn't be shocked Kobe Bryant picked perennial All-Star Brandon Roy as his toughest cover over Kevin Durant, LeBron James, and Dwyane Wade.
There's no agenda here. There's no subtle slight against the game's more marketable superstars, either.
Bryant was simply speaking his mind. Here's why he was making sense:
1) Roy's a fundamentally-sound, Tim Duncan-type in a two-man's body. He does everything well and uses his mind, not athleticism, to succeed.
2) Bryant is a student of the game. He spends hours in the video room, analyzing where to attack opponents like Durant, James, and Wade.
Bryant has probably spent a day or two watching Roy and has clearly concluded he has no weakness. There's no Achilles heal to expose.
3) Roy's Portland Trail Blazers have had some success against the Los Angeles Lakers, especially at home in The Rose Garden.
–Oly Sandor.
Got thoughts? Well, get at HoopsVibe News in the comment box below.
The leading 2016 Republican and Democrat presidential contenders are actually distant relatives, genealogy experts say.
According to author A.J. Jacobs, who researched the candidates' backgrounds with genealogy website Geni.com, both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton share the same 18th great-grandparents – making the presidential frontrunners 19th cousins.
“Their 19th great grandfather is King Edward III so there is precedent for ruling a country; it's in their genes,” Jacobs said.
Entertainment website “Extra,” who interviewed Jacobs, stated that “John of Gaunt, 1st Duke of Lancaster, married Katherine Swynford, Duchess of Lancaster, and John and Katherine are Donald and Hillary's shared 18th great grandparents.”
The revelation may come as unsurprising to some given recent discoveries surrounding the connections between America's most powerful politicians.
As reported by CNN in 2007, former Vice President Dick Cheney and President Barack Obama are actually eighth cousins as well.
“Obviously, Dick Cheney is sort of the black sheep of the family,” Obama joked at the time.
In fact, as unbelievable as it may seem, research shows that every single president except Martin Van Buren is descendant of John “Lackland” Plantagenet, the former king of England.
Whether this latest discovery will have any effect on the current presidential race remains to be seen.
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/mt.examiner
Twitter: https://twitter.com/MikaelThalen
Email: [email protected] (PGP Key)
OTR: [email protected]
For decades, the Gardiner Expressway was considered a blot on the landscape and an unbridgeable barrier between the city and its neglected waterfront.
But in the past few years, something remarkable has happened: the Gardiner has begun to disappear. The thickets of tall buildings that have been shooting up on either side have obscured it from view from many vantage points, making the aging grey structure much less of a visible barrier and disproving the idea that it prevents development near the waterfront.
Even more interesting than what has been happening around and above the Gardiner is what has been happening under it. With buildings rising within metres of the expressway, architects and developers have started to make creative use of what was once some of the most barren and forbidding space in the city.
Story continues below advertisement
The attractive new Fort York visitors centre, with its weathered steel panels, sits right up against the pillars of the Gardiner. People can approach it from underneath the cement and girders of the expressway. Further east, a new glassed-in footbridge passes right under the elevated highway – and right over Lakeshore Boulevard – connecting new buildings to the south with the underground PATH system that takes pedestrians around the downtown core.
The latest move to enliven the underside of the Gardiner comes from the developers of a long-dormant site at Bathurst and Lakeshore. Their proposal, which went before a city-council committee on Wednesday, would convert a historic 1927 warehouse on Lakeshore into a Loblaws grocery store with office space on top. Two residential towers of 40 and 44 storeys would stand behind it, next to the Gardiner. The plaza of the buildings would extend right under the expressway, which would be illuminated with new lighting to make it more inviting.
Architect Peter Clewes calls it "found space." What used to be an inhospitable wasteland should become a sheltered open area that will act as a forecourt to the new complex.
In effect, says Mr. Clewes, the Gardiner is becoming irrelevant. "The question is not, Is the Gardiner as a piece of infrastructure terrible for the city?" he says. "The question is, What can we do with it? How can we inhabit it – beside it and underneath it?"
That is a sharp about-turn in the way planners and architects view the unloved creation of Frederick "Big Daddy" Gardiner. Conventional wisdom was that nothing much could happen on the waterfront or its approaches as long as the expressway stood in the way.
For decades, parking lots and vacant land filled much of the space between Union Station and the harbour. The only way to spark development of that land and open up the waterfront to the city, many argued, was to tear down the expressway.
That seems unnecessary now. A whole new district, the South Core, is rising south of Union. Office buildings and condo towers reach for the sky. The streets below are starting to fill up with pedestrians, giving the area a bustling urban feel. The pace of redevelopment on the water's edge is picking up.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
It's still not much fun to cross the Lakeshore under the Gardiner on foot. But projects like the Fort York centre and the Bathurst-Lakeshore buildings show that the underside of an elevated road need not be a no-go zone. Just look at how the designers of Underpass Park near the Don River filled the blank areas under and beside the Eastern Avenue, Adelaide and Richmond overpasses with playgrounds, basketball courts and other public space.
As development around the Gardiner accelerates, and hundreds of millions of dollars in repairs to the roadway proceed, the city should be encouraging new ways to use the space underneath it.
Fantasy football is all about the stats, right? You win by scoring more points than your opponent. It's not rocket science ... or even trying to remember the names of all the characters in the new Star Wars movies. NFL players score fantasy points when allowed opportunities. The more opportunities, the better the chance they'll help you compete for a championship.
As it pertains to the running back position, the biggest "opportunities" in the NFL's statistical world are rushing attempts (or carries). The top five leaders in rushing attempts last season included Ezekiel Elliott, LeGarrette Blount, David Johnson and DeMarco Murray. It's not a coincidence that no one in this quartet finished worse than seventh in fantasy points at the position, with Johnson and Elliott coming in at numbers one and two. After a hectic offseason that saw a number of notable running backs change teams, rush distributions are very likely to change as well.
So, which teams had the biggest percentage of lost carries heading into the 2017 campaign, and who figures to cash in on them?
Here's a look.
1. Green Bay Packers (83.7 percent): The Packers re-tooled their backfield, cutting ties with Eddie Lacy (71 carries), James Starks (63), Christine Michael (31) and Don Jackson (10). The starter appears to be Ty Montgomery heading into next season, but can a converted wide receiver handle the rigors of an NFL workload for 16 games? Time will tell, but fantasy fans should watch rookie Jamaal Williams in training camp. He could put a sizable dent into Montgomery's work. Fellow rookies Aaron Jones and Devante Mays are also in the mix in a backfield that should be watched this summer.
2. New England Patriots (72.9 percent): Blount and his 299 carries, including 68 red-zone touches and 29 green-zone touches, went to Philadelphia. In his place, the Patriots seemed to sign every running back in the league this offseason. Mike Gillislee looks like the best bet for fantasy fans, as he could take a good chunk of those red- and green-zone looks, but Rex Burkhead, Dion Lewis and James White are also going to see work in what figures to be a tough backfield to decipher. I'd avoid all four of these backs as anything more than No. 4 options when it comes time to draft.
3. Minnesota Vikings (53.5 percent): The departure of Adrian Peterson wasn't as significant based on the fact that he carried the ball a mere 37 times last season, but his absence does open the door for a new starter in Minnesota. With Matt Asiata (121 carries) also out of the mix, rookie Dalvin Cook and veterans Latavius Murray and Jerick McKinnon will all have a chance to see some work next season. The favorite for the top spot on the depth chart is Cook, who the Vikes traded up to acquire in the NFL draft. This could become a committee, however, so Cook isn't a top-30 pick ... yet.
4. New York Giants (53.1 percent): The G-Men decided not to retain last season's leading rushing, Rashad Jennings (181 carries), so the opportunity exists for a new runner to take ownership of the backfield. That runner looks to be Paul Perkins, who averaged 4.1 yards per attempt including 4.8 YPC in his final three games (47 carries) as a rookie. He won't be a true featured back with Shane Vereen on the roster, and Wayne Gallman, Orleans Darkwa and Shaun Draughn will also compete for work. I'd consider Perkins the best fantasy bet of the bunch, but he should be drafted as a flex starter.
5. Oakland Raiders (50.9 percent): The Raiders lost one running back in the offseason, but it happened to be their leading rusher in Murray. His absence means a featured role is almost guaranteed for Marshawn Lynch. The veteran came out of retirement and figures to see more than Murray's 195 attempts, and most of the team's red- and green-zone opportunities should go to him as well. That makes Lynch a viable No. 2 fantasy back. DeAndre Washington and Jalen Richard are behind him on the depth chart, but neither will warrant more than a late flier.
6. Seattle Seahawks (40 percent): The Seattle backfield will look different in 2017, as Michael (117 carries) was cut last season and Lacy was signed to take over as the No. 1 runner. While he's still a young back at 26, Lacy missed 11 games last season and has dealt with health and weight issues since 2015. He'll also lose work to C.J. Prosise on passing downs, and Thomas Rawls is also in the mix for carries in this backfield. Lacy is the most attractive of the bunch, but I wouldn't hitch my wagon to him as more than a flex starter. He's a massive risk-reward fantasy selection.
7. New Orleans Saints (35.8 percent): The Saints let Tim Hightower and his 133 carries from last season walk, but the addition of Adrian Peterson makes this backfield a potential headache for fantasy owners. The expectation is that Mark Ingram will continue to start, but that A.D. will see his share of the workload in what could be an even split in terms of carries. Also keep in mind that Alvin Kamara could etch out a role on passing downs too, so there's little chance for a true featured role. Ingram is the best fantasy option here, but it's close with Peterson and neither is more than a flex.
8. Buffalo Bills (31.7 percent): The big loss in this backfield was Gillislee, who had 101 rushing attempts including 16 red-zone and 10 green-zone touches behind LeSean McCoy a season ago. The Bills will now turn to Jonathan Williams as the No. 2 back behind McCoy, though new additions Patrick DiMarco and Mike Tolbert will no doubt see some work in short-yardage and goal-line sets. McCoy, a first-round pick in all fantasy drafts, should continue to dominate the backfield touches under new coach Sean McDermott. Williams is draftable as a handcuff in larger leagues, but that's about it.
9. San Francisco 49ers (30 percent): Carlos Hyde dominated the backfield work for the Niners last season, carrying the ball 217 times in 13 games (16.7 attempts per game). The team added Hightower, rookie Joe Williams and Kapri Bibbs in the offseason, but this is still Hyde's position to lose and he's by far the best fantasy option in the group. His downfall has been injuries, however, which limit Hyde to being a mid-level No. 2 fantasy runner in drafts. If he falls to ailments again, don't be surprised to see Williams become a popular sleeper selection. Hightower is the handcuff, for now, however.
10. Pittsburgh Steelers (26.7 percent): DeAngelo Williams accounted for 98 rushing attempts last season, which was second behind Le'Veon Bell (261) in the Steelers backfield. With Williams expected to be out of the mix, the team will turn to Fitzgerald Toussaint or rookie James Conner to take over behind Bell on the depth chart. The rookie would be the better handcuff in fantasy drafts, but neither back would see much work unless Bell goes down with a long-term ailment. This is his backfield to be certain, and his talent makes Bell worth one of the first three overall picks in drafts.
11. Denver Broncos (19.6 percent): The Broncos lost a combined 72 carries between Justin Forsett and Bibbs, but the addition of veteran Jamaal Charles boosts the team's backfield depth behind starter C.J. Anderson. Charles will compete with Devontae Booker for carries and could push a few out of Anderson's workload, but overall I still see C.J. as a viable No. 2 fantasy runner.
12. Cincinnati Bengals (18.8 percent): The loss of Rex Burkhead and his 74 carries isn't the biggest news in this backfield. Instead, it's the addition of rookie Joe Mixon. Already a fantasy favorite because of his skill set, Mixon will be the back to draft even with Jeremy Hill and Giovani Bernard still on the roster. Mixon will come off the board in the fourth or fifth round.
13. Jacksonville Jaguars (13.9 percent): The Jaguars lost a small percentage of carries (Denard Robinson - 41) but added a rookie in Leonard Fournette who figures to eat up a big portion of the workload from Chris Ivory (117 carries) and T.J. Yeldon (130). The fourth overall pick in the NFL draft, he's a lock to see 200-plus carries and should be projected as a third rounder.
14. Los Angeles Chargers (11.9 percent): Melvin Gordon (254 carries) should dominate the backfield touches once again, as the Chargers lost Danny Woodhead but didn't add a running back in the draft. That leaves Branden Oliver and Kenneth Farrow to compete for carries behind him on the depth chart. Gordon should be considered a first- or second-round lock as a true workhorse.
15. Baltimore Ravens (11.3 percent): The Ravens lost a combined 36 carries between Forsett and Kyle Juszczyk, but the team added Woodhead to a backfield that could become crowded with Terrance West and Buck Allen also in the mix. Once Kenneth Dixon returns from a four-game suspension, this could quartet could make life tough for owners. Dixon has the most potential, though.
16. Carolina Panthers (10.1 percent): Tolbert (35 carries) is the lone Carolina back to be lost, but it added a potential playmaker in rookie Christian McCaffrey. While he's going to see a lot of work as a receiver, McCaffrey will also eat into Jonathan Stewart's 218 attempts as well. The rookie will be a top-40 overall pick and is the Panthers back to land in fantasy drafts.
This percentage could change in a big way if the Eagles decide to release Ryan Mathews . Blount will take on the early-down role, regardless.The Rams lost Benny Cunningham (21 carries) and added Lance Dunbar to a mediocre backfield behind Todd Gurley . Gurley will see a ton of work in 2017. Lamar Miller should continue to lead this backfield in carries, but rookie D'Onta Foreman could push for work if he passes Alfred Blue in camp.The Lions will have Ameer Abdullah as the lead back in a potential committee with Theo Riddick and Zach Zenner . Abdullah is a risk-reward flex. Matt Forte and Bilal Powell will share the workload in New York next season, but the latter projects to out-touch his aging teammate overall.The Bucs did add rookie Jeremy McNichols , but Doug Martin is projected to re-claim the top spot on the depth chart after his suspension.Rookie Marlon Mack is a potential dynasty sleeper choice, but Frank Gore will be the main man in the Colts backfield even at the age of 34.There's no mystery in the Cowboys backfield ... Ezekiel Elliott will dominate the workload once again and projects to be a top-three selection.The Bears added Cunningham to compete for carries with Jeremy Langford , but make no mistake ... this is The Jordan Howard Show in the Windy City.The Falcons have one of the most electric and valuable backfields in the entire league with Devonta Freeman and Tevin Coleman on the roster. DeMarco Murray will continue to serve as the team's workhorse, according to coach Mike Mularkey. Derrick Henry remains second on the chart.Crowell signed his RFA tender and should turn into a tremendous draft bargain behind what could become a solid run-blocking offensive line. Samaje Perine has a ton of sleeper value behind Rob Kelley , and his value could rise further if the Redskins cut ties with Matt Jones
Michael Fabiano is an award-winning fantasy football analyst on NFL.com and NFL Network and a member of the Fantasy Sports Writers Association (FSWA) Hall of Fame. Have a burning question on anything fantasy related? Tweet it to @Michael_Fabiano or send a question via Facebook!
The Professional Squash Association (PSA) Disciplinary Panel have taken the following action against PSA players in December / January:
Mohamed Elshorbagy (EGY):
Offence: Breach of PSA Code of Conduct Rule 10.4.O ‘Unsportsmanlike conduct' during the 2014 AJ Bell British Squash Grand Prix.
Action: Fined £500 with a further £500 suspended. Player warned about future behaviour and suspended fine will become payable upon any further disciplinary action taken within next 12-months.
Ashley Davies (ENG):
Offence: Breach of PSA Code of Conduct Rule 10.4.I ‘Audible obscenity' during the AJ Bell British Squash Grand Prix.
Action: £100 suspended fine. Player warned about future behaviour and fine will become payable upon any further disciplinary action taken within next 12-months.
Mudh Asyraf Azan (MAS)
Offence: Breach of PSA Code of Conduct Rule 10.4.I ‘Audible Obscenity', 10.4.L ‘Abuse of Equipment', 10.4.M ‘Verbal Abuse', 10.4.N ‘Physical Abuse' and 10.4.O ‘Unsportsmanlike conduct' at the 2015 Gas City Open and breach of PSA Code of Conduct Rule 10.4.M ‘Verbal Abuse' at the 2015 J.P. Morgan Tournament of Champions.
Action: Player suspended for three months, fined £200 and given a £500 suspended fine. Player warned about future behaviour and fine will become payable upon any further disciplinary action taken within next 12-months.
George Parker (ENG)
Offence: Breach of PSA Code of Conduct Rule 10.4.C ‘Clothing & Equipment' during the 2015 Savcor Finnish Open.
Action: No further action.
Two and a Half Men actress Amber Tamblyn might be open about her disapproval for Donald Trump, but she says that's no excuse for fellow critics to resort to slights on his appearance.
Five nude statues of the presidential candidate appeared across America last week, and they became instant online sensations as they were picked up by the media. Despite the widespread ridicule the statues inspired, some critics felt it showed a double standard for attacking a person's looks, and that there would have been a lot more outrage if the statues were made to mock Hillary Clinton instead.
“Body-shaming is never OK, even when it comes to Trump,” Tamblyn said on Facebook. She posted the words next to a picture of one of the Trumps statues after being covered with a sign saying “shame me for my behavior not my body.”
Tamblyn went on to say that the statues only made the same “unoriginal” and “uncreative” point that artist Illma Gore made when she sketched an unflattering nude picture of Trump early this year. Gore's picture drew significant attention back in February, and according to The Hill, she was attacked near her house by a Trump supporter in retaliation for her work.
The street art collective known as INDECLINE took credit for the statues last week, when they also said they've got more sociopolitical commentary pieces in the works.
Tamblyn's post is below:
“Body-shaming is never okay, even when it comes to trump. These statues aren't art: They are a lazy, unoriginal concept, stolen mind you, from Ilma Gore's painting which already made this exact same point earlier this year. This is wholly unoriginal and uncreative.”
[Image via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Ken Meyer (@KenMeyer91) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Purple Line construction can move forward and expand after a judge denied the latest requests to halt construction on Friday.
WASHINGTON — Purple Line construction can move forward and expand after a judge denied the latest requests to halt construction on Friday. Tree clearing along the Georgetown Branch trail will resume Monday.
Earlier this week, U.S. District Court Judge Richard Leon had declined to issue an immediate ruling on opponents' request for a new halt to some or all construction, but plans for construction could continue in the meantime. He said any ruling either way would not come immediately, and a full opinion could take one month or more since the key issue in the case does not appear to have been litigated before in any court.
Opponents of the 16-mile, 21-stop Maryland light rail line argued Tuesday that the federal government failed to properly make legally required findings on the quality and funding of the existing regional transportation network and on the benefits of the Purple Line before signing a $900 million federal funding agreement this summer.
The state and federal government were ordered to submit those findings to the judge separately by Wednesday afternoon. Leon said though that the most that he would do in the next few weeks would be to issue a brief, appealable order in this case.
“Given the uncertainties on the timing and nature of future rulings from the Court, Purple Line Transit Partners and its contractors will resume clearing work on Monday, September 25,” the group building the line said Tuesday in a statement to WTOP.
Spokesman Chris Doherty had emphasized that the Georgetown Branch Trail remains a construction zone. Purple Line Transit Partners had previously agreed to hold off on cutting down large trees in that area until after Tuesday's hearing.
A separate challenge from the same opponents of the light rail line is already before an appeals court panel. That three-judge panel blocked Leon's earlier ruling in the case that had held up the start of construction on other grounds.
Leon raised concerns about whether he had the authority to rule in the new case since the other one is already due to be heard by the appellate panel in a few weeks.
The opponents of the line said this is a new case, with new claims that could be decided separately.
Lawyers for the state and federal government said this case is essentially the same claims as before, but in a different package.
In previous hearings, the state has said ramping up work only to have it blocked by a judicial ruling would increase costs. Maryland's lawyer said any order halting tree clearing along the Georgetown Branch trail would essentially stop the project, costing $13 million per month. It would also delay the project beyond a scheduled completion date of 2022.
Opponents of the line questioned those projections and blamed the state and federal government for delays tied to the previous court case. They hope for a ruling from Leon soon.
Private companies are building and then will operate the light rail line for the state. The line will run from Bethesda to Silver Spring, College Park and New Carrollton.
Editor's note: This story was originally published Sept. 19, 2017. It has been updated on Sept. 22, 2017 to reflect the latest information, which is the judge's official ruling.
WTOP's Teta Alim contributed to this report.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
Commissioned by
Coco Pommel Custom PlushCommissioned by
Facebook: www.facebook.com/nazegorengcraftsTumblr: www.nazegoreng.tumblr.comTwitter: www.twitter.com/Nazegoreng----------------------- - See page & journal for detailsCommissions will not open till after xmas.
PROCESS
Coco is made from vanilla, aqua, turquoise, jewel, white, tomato and cherry minky.
Her eyes and cutiemark were embroidered with a Brother Innovis 750D embroidery machine, Madiera Rayon embroidery thread, and Bernina V6 embroidery software. The eyes were designed and digitised by me. Her pattern was also designed by me. Her hooves contain poly pellets so she can stand well on her own. She is 17 inches to the top of her head. She has flat hooves and 3d sculpted ears. Her tail has wire in it for support.
Please do not ask for the pattern, under no circumstance will I be giving it out.
COMMENTS
Man I should have made this cutie a long time ago. Isn't she just SO adorable? Those puppydog eyes and colourscheme are to die for. I'm so glad I got a chance to make her.
PLEASE zoom in to check out her details!
A little-known Muslim organisation has announced a cash reward of Rs 5 crore for those who behead Pakistani soldiers and hand over the heads to India.
Mohammad Shakeel Saifi, the Chairman of Muslim Yuva Atankwad Virodhi Samiti, said he would collect the amount from his volunteers and public and give it to the one who brings heads of Pakistani soldiers who mutilated bodies of two Indian soldiers at the Line of Control (LoC) recently.
Saifi came from Delhi to visit Ajmer dargah yesterday and told reporters that he would give the cash reward for beheading Pakistani soldiers.
“I announce to give Rs. 5 crore to the one who beheads Pakistani soldiers and hands it over to India. I will collect the amount from my volunteers and people,” he said.
First Published: May 09, 2017 07:37 IST
Peter Gethin in the 1972 Race of Champions at Brands Hatch
British driver Peter Gethin, the winner of the closest race in Formula 1 history, has died aged 71.
The former BRM, McLaren and Embassy Hill Lola driver, won the 1971 Italian Grand Prix that featured just 0.61 seconds between the top five finishers.
Gethin was also twice the winner of the Formula 5000 British title and the Canadian-American Challenge Cup.
Born in Surrey, he was the son of jockey Ken Gethin, who won both the 1,000 Guineas and Coronation Stakes.
Gethin made his Formula 1 debut in 1970 for McLaren following the death of the team's founder, Bruce McLaren.
World Championship career 1970 - McLaren - races 7, final position 23
1971 - McLaren. BRM - races 11, final position 9
1972 - BRM - races 11, final position 21
1974 - BRM - races 1
1974 - Lola - races 1
The New Zealander died in a testing accident at Goodwood and Gethin, subsequently, took the vacant seat.
Gethin was best known for his victory at the 1971 Grand Prix in Monza, where he took victory for BRM by just 0.01secs from Ronnie Peterson.
The race was the fastest average speed in F1 history, until the record was broken by Ferrari's Michael Schumacher at the same race in 2003.
He never stood on the podium again at that level and finished with 30 starts, one win and 11 points in a career lasting just four years.
Gethin did pick up a pair of non-championship wins at Brands Hatch, triumphing in the World Championship Victory Race in 1971 and the Race of Champions in 1973.
He added the 1974 Tasman Series F5000 crown and claimed a last major victory in a Can-Am race at Road America in 1977.
Gethin also had a short stint as Toleman team manager in 1984, the year Ayrton Senna made his grand prix debut with the team, which has since been through various guises as Benetton, Renault and, for 2012, Lotus.
He set up Peter Gethin Racing, which competed in F3000 in the late 1980s before, in later life, running a driving school at Goodwood.
In an interview with Channel 4, a British public service television network, American actress Jennifer Lawrence blamed the recent hurricanes on Donald Trump's voters, because they don't believe in man-made climate change. During the lengthy interview on her new movie Mother!, the conversation turned political about halfway through. After discussing the alleged pay gap between men and women, the interviewer asked Lawrence about climate change and the political climate in America.
“I mean when the director was asked about the film, why it was so dark, he said, ‘It's a mad time to be alive.' And there is certainly an end of days feeling about it. For many people, in America who would say, [grimaces] perhaps it's truer there at the moment than anywhere else,” the Channel 4 reporter prompted Lawrence to comment.
“It's scary,” she responded. “You know, it's this new language that's forming, I don't even recognize it. It's also scary to know, that climate change is due to human activity, and we continue to ignore it, and the only voice that we really have is through voting,” Lawrence stated.
“And you have voted very recently, as a country” the interviewer acknowledged.
“And we voted, and it was really startling,” Lawrence added. She then insinuated that the hurricanes were "Mother Nature's rage and wrath" at America for Trump.
“You know you're watching these hurricanes now, and it's really hard especially while promoting this movie, not to feel mother nature's rage and wrath," she stated.
“It's not just about climate change though is it, in America? It seems to be a time of huge division,” the reporter added.
“Yeah, it's really polarizing and upsetting. You know I've heard things and seen things on T.V. in my own country that devastate me and make me sick, and it's just really confusing,” Lawrence stated.
“Do you find President Trump confusing?” the reporter pressed further.
“I don't find him confusing. I think I know exactly what he is,” Lawrence said solemnly before smirking.
Wrapping up the interview, the reporter asked Lawrence how she felt about the future. The Hollywood actress didn't have much hope with Trump leading the country, calling her recent film a “howl of rage” in response to what's going on in America:
“I have to feel hope, you know you have to feel hope. You can't just fall into despair. But a producer on the movie called this film, ‘an impotent howl of rage.' It's like a helpless howl to the moon, like, it's just an assault.”
Lawrence has been outspoken about President Trump before he was even president. Back in 2015, she cried that it would be “the end of the world” if he took office, and told Trump “f**k you” during a 2016 televised talk show appearance. After he won the election, Lawrence penned an open letter to young women on the feminist side Broadly, that the election should “enrage them.”
“[L]ike Hillary, you can still be an inspiration and get important things done. Do not let this defeat you — let this enrage you! Let it motivate you! Let this be the fire you didn't have before. If you are an immigrant, if you are a person of color, if you are LGBTQ+, if you are a woman — don't be afraid, be loud!” she wrote.
Ms. Gardner, who built the brand with stunts like a fashion spread in Harper's Bazaar in which she wore Gucci and Carolina Herrera among farm animals, was a well-liked editor whose hires were devoted.
Reached at her home in Hudson, Ms. Gardner said she could not speak about the matter. She remained unsure about her next move in the media world.
At the center of Modern Farmer's collapse is the magazine's financial performance. Mr. Giustra, who made money from mining interests, founded Lion's Gate Entertainment and is a major contributor to the foundation headed by Bill Clinton, had been eager to move into food. He started an Italian olive oil company, invested in both industrial and small-scale farming operations and financed a specialty food company based in San Francisco.
Modern Farmer was part of that portfolio. But after a handful of issues, Mr. Giustra was disappointed in Ms. Gardner's performance regarding early revenue figures and her ability to deliver additional investors. In the end, the chasm between the two became too wide to bridge and she left.
The staff that remained said they doubted Mr. Giustra's commitment to funding the operation and watched the ship drift while a business manager from Albany and Ms. Gardner's former executive assistant ran things.
Jesse Hirsch, a senior editor who came from San Francisco to help start the magazine, and Cara Parks, the executive editor who joined the staff in October, decided Thursday night that they would leave. The editorial content was left to two interns whose tenure ends Feb. 1.
“I loved Modern Farmer so much, but I can't imagine how it can continue to be what it once was,” Ms. Parks said.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption A recent army operation in North Waziristan flushed out many militants in the area
In recent months the fortunes and allegiances of Pakistan's militants have proved mercurial. Formerly united fronts fractured while the army drove others out of their strongholds. Then al-Qaeda said it would take the initiative in South Asia proving, as the BBC's M Ilyas Khan reports, that the insurgents are still a potent force.
The claim by al-Qaeda that it carried out the 13 September attack on the Pakistan Navy's dockyard in Karachi city yet again shows the militants' ability to strike deep in Pakistan despite recent setbacks.
In a statement placed on one of its web portals, al-Qaeda claimed the operatives of its recently launched wing - al-Qaeda in the Indian Sub-continent (AQIS) - seized control of a Pakistani frigate in order to attack some nearby American vessels.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Karachi's naval dockyard has long been a prime militant target
Few will believe that - not only because Pakistani forces have been able to contain similar attacks in the past, but also because the present one comes when a major offensive by the military has disrupted the militants' command centres in Miranshah, North Waziristan.
The Pakistani navy said it repelled the attack, killing two militants and capturing four others. It said it thwarted what looked like the militants' attempt to carry out an attack along the lines of the bombing of the USS Cole in Yemen in 2000.
'Soft' militant policy
Both al-Qaeda and the Pakistani government said the attack was carried out with inside help. This admission comes as a stark reminder of the lingering concerns about the ability of jihadi militants to penetrate Pakistan's security installations.
But could a group whose formation was only announced on 4 September mount such an audacious attack just days later?
It would seem unlikely, unless one considers the Pakistani military's alleged "soft" policy towards militants in the past, and al-Qaeda's local links that go back more than two decades.
Image copyright AP Image caption Militants based themselves in Pakistan's tribal areas, where many foreign fighters also settled
The military exposed its lower and middle ranks to a wave of radicalisation that came with the Afghan war of the 1980s. Its adoption of jihad as one of its three mottoes (the others being faith in God, and fear of God) created sympathy in its ranks for militancy and the Afghan jihad, and led to its subsequent anti-Americanism in the post-9/11 period.
During the Afghan war, and later the 1989-2003 "jihad" in Indian-administered Kashmir, Pakistan's ISI intelligence service was widely accused of having worked closely with militant groups, training and arming them and underwriting their operations.
Due to the Saudi origins of its leadership, al-Qaeda emerged as the "holiest", and also the wealthiest of militant groups in the South Asian region.
Same old leaders
The organisation was formed in the city of Peshawar in late 1980s, and a number of top Pakistani militant leaders played a role in shaping its training, planning, operational and propaganda arms.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The death of Hakimullah Mehsud exposed divisions in the militant network
The recently appointed chief of al-Qaeda in South Asia, Asim Umar, is a Pakistani militant who has spent years with al-Qaeda leaders in North Waziristan where he moved in the early 2000s and set up his own group.
Prior to that, he worked with such Kashmir-focused groups as Harkatul Mujahideen and Jaish-e-Mohammad. So neither the AQIS nor its leaders are new to the region or the task at hand.
Over the years, militants trained in North Waziristan have proved their ability to strike pretty much any target in Pakistan, irrespective of which group claims the responsibility.
The same is the case now.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption After the Pakistan military offensive, attacks in Pakistan virtually ceased
Since the Pakistani military offensive, which started in mid-June, militant attacks virtually ceased in Pakistan, suggesting significant disruption to militant networks.
Internal divisions in the militants also came to the fore as the main umbrella group of Pakistani Taliban, the TTP, split into at least three regional factions.
But in the past couple of weeks, there have been signs the insurgents might be coming back to life.
Last month, militants said to be affiliated with a Mehsud faction of TTP and the Islamic Movement of Uzbekistan (IMU) launched a synchronized attack on two air bases in the south-western city of Quetta.
More than 10 of them died in the fighting that broke out.
Foreign fighters
There have also been a couple of suicide attacks on police in the northwest, and a raid on a Pakistani border post from Afghan territory - claimed by another break-away faction of the TTP which calls itself Jamiat-e-Ahrar.
Not to be left behind, the central TTP franchise led by Mullah Fazlullah claimed the naval dockyard attack. In hindsight, one would imagine they are happy to share the accolades with AQIS as they never contradicted the latter's claim.
As the army's offensive in North Waziristan rumbles on, there certainly seems to be a race among the various militant factions to show that they are still alive and kicking.
Image copyright Getty Images
For al-Qaeda, it may well be a signal to the Iraq-based Islamic State (IS) that it's still in charge in the South Asian region.
While it may struggle to mount attacks in India, it has plenty of followers in countries like Afghanistan, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Myanmar and Maldives, some of whose citizens have been training in North Waziristan.
In addition, there has been a strong presence of militants from Central Asia, north-west China, Middle East, the Caucasus region and the Far East.
Traditionally, most of the foreign groups have tended to gravitate towards al-Qaeda and its TTP allies.
Sources say the AQIS is now planning to consolidate these groups into a new force, separate from the Afghan Taliban who, according to sources, are seen by the al-Qaeda leadership as "indigenous" both in terms of ethnicity and ideological aims.
WASHINGTON — Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Tuesday vaguely hinted at the possibility of a unilateral Israeli withdrawal from parts of the West Bank in the future, if certain conditions were met.
Speaking at a left-leaning think tank, he initially dismissed the idea of an Israeli unilateral withdrawal in the absence of a two-state deal with the Palestinians to prevent Israel from becoming a bi-national state, citing security concerns. But later on, he said such a demarche was “possible” if it had the international community's backing and fully satisfied Israel's security concerns.
In a wide-ranging interview with the Center for American Progress's President and CEO Neera Tanden, the prime minister struck a somewhat pessimistic note, arguing that the Palestinians are currently unwilling to make peace with Israel. It could be, he added, that regional Arab countries might pressure them into an agreement. He also suggested that the complex issue of Jerusalem is unsolvable and that the city would have to remain under Israeli sovereignty.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Netanyahu admitted that it had been “wrong” for him to warn, on Election Day, of Arabs coming out “in droves” to the ballot boxes. He added that he believes that more Arabs voted for his Likud party than for the opposition Labor-led Zionist Union.
Netanyahu reiterated his demands for the Palestinians to recognize Israel as the Jewish state and for a n Israeli “long-term security presence” in the West Bank. While this is the “right formula” for a peace deal, it is unlikely to happen in the immediate future, he said.
“Can it happen? I don't think the Palestinians will accept it by themselves, but because of change happening in the region — there's a huge change happening in the region — it might be that leading Arab countries might encourage a future Palestinian leadership, or even this one, to accept that kind of deal. If that happened, I think Israelis would go for it.”
Later on, during a question and answer session, David Makovsky, the director of the Project on the Middle East Peace Process at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, asked Netanyahu how he intends to prevent Israel from becoming a bi-national in the absence of a negotiated solution.
“Unilateralism works less well than a negotiated solution,” the prime minister responded. “In any case, the main problem that we have is (need for) the acceptance of the principle that Israel will take care of security in the areas west of the Jordan.”
The trouble with the 2005 Gaza Disengagement was that Israel did not only withdraw all settlers but also that it left no security forces there, Netanyahu added. As a result, the coastal enclave has become a launching pad for rockets threatening all of Israel, he said.
“Unless you have an Israeli capability to actually prevent the use of territories that we hand over in a civilian sense, that we can patrol it from a security point of view — that's where you get into trouble.”
In addition to the rockets, Israel is now facing terror tunnels, which further complicates a potential withdrawal of IDF troops from the West Bank, Netanyahu said. “Any delineation of a border would be hundreds of kilometers, so you'd have thousands of tunnels, and these are terror tunnels from which terrorists can emerge and take people hostage or kill them or squirrel them back.”
“The only way you deal with that, is to assure that from a security point of view, Israel has [control], for the foreseeable future, until you can prove otherwise, that somebody else can responsibly take that territory, Israel has the security control. I don't see the Palestinians agreeing to that,” Netanyahu said.
“Just about any Israeli in his right mind agrees with what I'm about to tell you: Any deal or any arrangement, unilateral or negotiated, must have Israel maintain the ability to defend itself, by itself, against any threat, including from territories that are ceded. That's the most important provision. That's something I don't see Palestinians accepting now.”
Later on during the event, Netanyahu said there were three ways to approach the Israeli-Palestinian conflict: a political solution, security, and prosperity. Since Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas refuses to negotiate, a political solution is currently out of reach, he said. But in the meantime, Netanyahu vowed to work on the other issues. For instance, he said he is taking steps to improve economic development in the Palestinian territories.
“Unilateralism… I supposed that's possible too, but it would have to meet Israeli security criteria and that would also require broader international understanding than exists,” he concluded.
Responding to a different question from the audience, Netanyahu addressed some of the core issues of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, indicating that he sees no solution for Jerusalem, which both Israelis and Palestinians claim as their capital. “There's a question of Jerusalem and specifically the Temple Mount. I think it's insoluble,” Netanyahu said. “I just don't see right now a solution for that. And I think it has to remain under Israeli sovereignty and that's the only way to prevent this from exploding into sectarian strife.”
Earlier during the event, Tanden, the head of the think tank hosting Netanyahu, confronted him with his controversial comment, made ahead of the March 17 elections, when he warned of Arab citizens “coming out in droves” to vote.
“I think that this statement, as it was said, was wrong,” the prime minister admitted. “First of all, you should know that Arabs voted for me, and I welcome that.” Arab Israelis voted for his Likud party “in a considerably larger number than for the Labor party,” he added.
No other prime minister has invested so much into the Arab sector, Netanyahu added. “It comes also from a political philosophy that I follow, especially the teachings of Ze'ev Jabotinsky, who believed in having an egalitarian state. He said, ‘There, in a Jewish state, will flourish the son of Arabia, the son of Nazareth, and my own son.'”
Netanyahu's appearance at the left-leaning CAP was hotly debated within the organization, with some members arguing that a progressive think tank should not host right-wingers. Netanyahu said he was aware his visit caused controversy, “so I doubly appreciate the invitation.”
Berlusconi plans out new Milan
By Football Italia staff
Barbara Berlusconi is reportedly already lining up Milan's replacement strategy for Adriano Galliani, pinning hopes on Demetrio Albertini and Paolo Maldini.
Galliani's exit from the San Siro side has not been confirmed, but it is believed that the veteran, who has also acted as Vice-President, will be out at the end of the season.
The Gazzetta dello Sport suggest that director Berlusconi, daughter of President Silvio, is leading plans for the Rossoneri's change of direction in Galliani's exit.
It is reported that Berlusconi is looking at former players Maldini and Albertini, although initial talks have not offered promise.
Where Maldini is seen to be after an operational role and not that of technical director offered to him, an approach for a directorial role for Albertini is seen as even harder, due to his current contract with the Italian Football Federation.
Milan are also seen to be looking at Roma director Claudio Fenucci to come in and work in collaboration with Michele Uva as CEO.
Meanwhile, it is also seen that a replacement for sporting director Ariedo Braida is being sought, but that options between Fabio Paratici and Daniele Prade are looking unlikely, whilst Sean Sogliano and Pietro Leonardi are not high on the list.
Three University of Louisville students will spend part of their summer overseas as international scholars.
Sahadat Mohammad Wali, Megan Wurth and Brigid Connelly have earned a Gilman Scholarship, a prominent award given each year to about 2,700 U.S. college students and valued up to $5,000. The Gilman program is intended to help students with limited financial means pursue academic studies or internships abroad.
Wali, a junior psychology and criminal justice major from Mazar-I-Sharif, Afghanistan, is the son of Sediqa Abdul Shukor and Noor Mohammad Wali. He will study Russian in St. Petersburg, Russia.
Wurth, a junior health and human performance major from Paducah, is the daughter of Dwayne and Mary Ellen Wurth. She will study stroke research in Newcastle, Australia.
Connelly, a senior women's and gender studies major from Crestview Hills, is the daughter of Tom and Mary Beth Connelly. She will spend four weeks studying Spanish in Santiago, Chile.
“The benefits of study abroad are many,” said Virginia Hosono, associate director of study abroad in international affairs at UofL. “Students who study abroad come back as different people; it creates lasting effects that influence how they see the world and interact with others.”
UofL has previously announced several international scholars for 2016, including 14 Fulbrights.
- From University of Louisville/Image via Facebook
The Bernie Sanders campaign has singled out the head of the Democratic Party for attempting to undermine the Vermont senator's bid for president.
Democratic Party leaders exploited the chaos at the Nevada convention this week, which Sanders and his backers say was thoroughly undemocratic, in order to attack his campaign.
Advertisement:
Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the former co-chair of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign, asked Sanders to condemn his supporters, who protested what they said was blatantly unfair party behavior at the Nevada convention on May 14.
Sanders responded with a statement on Tuesday condemning violence, but also blasting Democratic Party leadership for falsely claiming that the Sanders campaign has a "penchant for violence."
He accused the Nevada Democratic Party of using "its power to prevent a fair and transparent process from taking place," listing a series of incredibly undemocratic measures that party leaders carried out, which helped Hillary Clinton win by just 30 delegates, even when Sanders had 64 more who were suddenly deemed ineligible.
Sanders added that, "during the Nevada campaign, shots were fired into my campaign office in Nevada and apartment housing complex my campaign staff lived in was broken into and ransacked."
Asked about the incident, which was grossly exaggerated by many media outlets and pro-Clinton pundits, in a CNN interview on Wednesday, Sanders campaign manager Jeff Weaver subsequently criticized the DNC head, accusing her of “shade-throwing.”
“He categorically condemns any kind of threats that went on — absolutely unacceptable,” Weaver prefaced. But he singled out DNC chair and former Clinton operative Wasserman Schultz of “throwing shade on the Sanders campaign since the very beginning.”
Advertisement:
Weaver noted that the DNC has drastically limited the number of presidential debates to just six (the 2008 presidential campaign had 26 debates, which helped the then little-known Barack Obama get more attention). He added that these few debates have been scheduled at some of the worst possible times, such as late on weekend nights.
The Sanders campaign manager also recalled how the DNC revoked access to Sanders' voter data, and stressed that the DNC and Clinton have a biased joint fundraising agreement. Weaver said this agreement siphons money from state parties into the DNC, helping Clinton's campaign.
Sanders sent an open letter to DNC chair Wasserman Schultz, a longtime Clinton operative, in April arguing that the Hillary Victory Fund, the joint account between the Clinton campaign and various Democratic Party committees, "skirts legal limits on federal campaign donations."
He added that this joint agreement, which has helped the Clinton campaign suck up hundreds of thousands of dollars, possibly violates campaign finance laws.
Advertisement:
In his CNN interview on Wednesday, the Sanders campaign manager singled out Wasserman Schultz. “Look, I gotta say it's not the DNC,” Weaver clarified. “You know, by and large, people at the DNC have been very good to us. Debbie Wasserman Schultz really is the exception.”
Wasserman Schultz rejected Weaver's remarks in another CNN segment with an internet acronym.
“My response to that is hashtag SMH,” she said, completely writing off the Sanders campaign's many criticisms. “We need to focus on one thing: get through this primary and work to prepare for the general election.”
Advertisement:
Debbie Wasserman Schultz has long been a staunch supporter of Hillary Clinton. In 2008, she served as the co-chair to Clinton's presidential campaign.
She remains proud of her role in the Clinton machine to this day. In April, she told the Florida media, “Secretary Clinton, I think is arguably one of the most qualified people — assuming she announces her candidacy — who have ever run for president. I was proud to support her in 2008."
Yet Wasserman Schultz still insists she is "neutral" (the Flora Sun Sentinel snarkily titled its report "'Neutral' Wasserman Schultz calls Hillary Clinton a 'special leader and a special woman'").
Advertisement:
"Of course as DNC chair, I will neutrally manage our primary nomination contest, assuming we have one," she said in April.
"But Secretary Clinton's a very special, a special leader and a special woman," Wasserman Schultz added
"But I say that neutrally, because I will be neutral during the primary," she once again qualified.
The Observer's Michael Sainato has argued that "Wasserman Schultz is depending on Hillary Clinton winning the Democratic nomination to further her own political career."
Advertisement:
Politico has made similar observations. "Throughout her time as chair, Wasserman Schultz has turned off colleagues, other top Democrats and current and former staff for a management style that strikes many as self-centered — even for a politician — and often at the expense of the DNC or individual candidates or campaigns," it reported in February.
"Many top Democrats, including some she counts as supporters and friends, privately complain about her trying to use the DNC as a vehicle for her own personal promotion, and letting her own ambition get in the way of larger goals," Politico added.
Wasserman Schultz was handpicked by Obama to lead the party in 2011, but soon fell out of favor. "When she sensed Obama was considering replacing her as chair in 2013," Politico noted, "she began to line up supporters to suggest the move was both anti-woman and anti-Semitic."
Before we get into the marijuana-meets-mice study, let's start with the disclaimers:
Mice are not people. Scientists often use mice to test pharmaceuticals, but just because something succeeds in a mouse study, that doesn't mean it will succeed in a human. More likely than not, it won't. Using only male test subjects can be problematic in scientific research. Though we know a lot about how weed affects your body, there's still a lot more to learn. MICE ARE NOT PEOPLE.
Cool? Cool. In a paper published on Monday in Nature Medicine, biologists found that low doses of the cannabinoid THC—a.k.a. Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol, the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana—restored cognitive function and memory in older mice.
In this case, the older (male) mice treated with low doses of THC were either 12 or 18 months old. That's still an infant by many human standards, but for mice, 12 months is mature, and 18 months is basically geriatric. These mice were tested against 2-month-old mice—treated and untreated with THC—and mice of similar age that were not given THC. Each mouse's memory and learning abilities were tested in maze-like experiments.
The researcher found that older mice treated with THC had improved learning and memory skills, while younger mice treated with THC had impaired learning and memory. So what's good for the older mouse might not be so good for the young whippersnapper.
While mice remain not-people, it's an intriguing finding for researchers studying how cannabinoids affect living organisms (a field that remains poorly understood). And of course, it's interesting to researchers studying how humans might be affected by cannabinoids.
That's because, unlike other drugs tested on mice that end up having particularly nasty side effects on humans, humans ingest marijuana pretty regularly. As the authors write in the paper: “cannabis preparations and THC are used for medicinal purposes. They have an excellent safety record and do not produce adverse side-effects when administered at a low dose to older individuals. Thus, chronic, low-dose treatment with THC or cannabis extracts could be a potential strategy to slow down or even to reverse cognitive decline in the elderly.”
We've got a long way to go before researchers can definitively say that a little bit of weed will help improve granny's cognitive functions. First, they need to do more mouse studies and see how long the effects last. Then they'll move up to other non-human test subjects. If all that goes well, the therapy might move into human testing. If those results still seem promising, then maybe one day, far into the future, a doctor could prescribe weed to their geriatric patients to help them stay sharp as they age. But an 18-month-old mouse isn't a direct analogue to an 80 year old human. Mice aren't people.
I've received a circular from the Eros Association, the advocacy group for the Australian adult industry. Thanks to shit stirring by a fundamentalist Christian group, the rules have been tightened as to what adult films can be imported into Australia.
The Classification Board has explicitly stated that films featuring female ejaculation will now be seized and considered RC – refused classification. Effectively banned. This also means that female ejaculation sites will be considered RC (prohibited) for the purposes of the internet filter planned to be introduced here this year.
Advertisement
Support independent, ethically made, award-winning porn. Bright Desire features all of my erotic films and writing. A membership to Bright Desire gets you access to every movie I've ever made and lets me keep making female friendly porn!
Click here to find out more.
------------------------------------------------------- -------------------------------------------------------AdvertisementSupport independent, ethically made, award-winning porn. Bright Desire features all of my erotic films and writing. A membership to Bright Desire gets you access to every movie I've ever made and lets me keep making female friendly porn!-------------------------------------------------------
Eros says:
The Classification Board have determined that female ejaculation is not a real event and therefore all issue from a women's vagina is piss and therefore covered under the parameters in the Guidelines for ‘golden showers'. This means that if the shower happens to land on the body or in the mouth it is determined to be an offensive fetish and goes RC. The Classification Board's finding that female ejaculation does not exist is something we will contest with them as there is a body of scientific (and personal) evidence that says otherwise. Even last month on the ABC Science Show with Dr Norman Swan, they spent an hour with scientists discussing this phenomenon and how it was not urine.
I'm glad Eros is going to fight this. It gets me hopping mad that a government can perpetuate this nonsense and are so eager to do the will of prudes and ignorant religious nutters who wish to meddle in the sex lives of others.
The sooner our outdated classification (censorship) system is abolished, the better. They should not have the right to ban films based on subjective, religious, unscientific, biased and sexist opinion as to what is and isn't “obscene.”
* Please read my follow-up post The Strange Politics of “Obscene” Bodily Fluids.
* Update 27th Jan: Please read my new post: Now Australia is banning small boobs
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
Most people who get braces do so because they seek the confidence a straight smile can bring, but a Michigan golden retriever that's making headlines needed the orthodontic work to stay healthy. The pup, named Wesley, had misaligned teeth that wouldn't let him close his mouth, Fox 9 reported.
Now, photos of Wesley have begun going viral— prompting more than 280,000 shares in less than one week.
Harborfront Hospital for Animals in Spring Lake, Michigan, shared photos of Wesley on their Facebook page on Friday. Dr. James Moore, an associate professor of oral surgery at Michigan State University, who performs advanced veterinary procedures at the animal hospital, put on Wesley's braces.
According to the Facebook post, Moore believes Wesley's braces will fix his orthodontic problem in only a few weeks. The post described the braces also haven't bothered Wesley one bit.
“He's a happy little guy,” the initial post reads.
When people hear that Dr. Moore is a "doggie dentist," they immediately say things like: "What? Does he put braces on... Posted by Harborfront Hospital for Animals on Friday, February 26, 2016
In an update on their Facebook page, the Harborfront Hospital for Animals wrote that it was “glad that [Wesley's] cute ‘brace face' brought such interest.”
“[Wesley] is happily enjoying some of the benefits of his celebrity (although he already had ample hugs, kisses and belly rubs),” the latest post reads. “Most importantly, he is eating well, playing, and feeling wonderful.”
Sen. David Vitter has been feeling the heat in his Louisiana gubernatorial campaign over his ties to the Washington D.C. prostitution service, but he is trying to put a positive spin on the scandal by asserting that just as he had to come back from his “hard times,” so too does Louisiana need to bounce back from all of its fiscal problems.
In his latest campaign ad, Vitter turns to the Religious Right's favorite reality TV stars, the Duck Dynasty clan, for their moral seal of approval.
Willie Robertson says of Vitter, awkwardly decked in camouflage next to him, “I know he's made some mistakes, but who hasn't? The whole story of the Bible is about redemption, and I'm concerned about our state.”
“What defines us in life is how we get up and earned redemption,” Vitter said, likening his personal process to the need for Louisiana “to get up based upon strong conservative principles.”
Did you know that “Guinea worm disease,” also called dracunculiasis, is about to become the second infectious disease of humans to be fully eradicated by a disease control program? Humans become infected by the nematode that causes the disease when they drink unfiltered water that contains the intermediate host for the nematode: copepods. To reduce human infection rates, the Carter Center's Guinea Worm Eradication Program has led an international effort to educate people about the importance of filtering their water. For instance, a simple straw containing a filter can prevent people from ingesting the copepods that transmit the nematode larvae. The control program has been very successful! Since 1986, the yearly number of reported Guinea worm cases has dropped by 99.99%! Just 126 cases were reported in 2014. We're so close!
The first human disease to be fully eradicated was smallpox. If you don't know much about smallpox, here's the quick version: having smallpox was awful, and the disease was often fatal. But we couldn't prevent smallpox transmission by giving people special straws with filters. The smallpox virus was transmitted directly between people, and the best way to stop transmission was to vaccinate a sufficient proportion of the population so that they would no longer be susceptible to the disease. In the late 1970s, the whole world hit that vaccination target, and smallpox was eradicated.
Also, here's an interesting tidbit: recent work coming out of the Democratic Republic of the Congo suggests that during the time of the mass vaccination campaigns, the smallpox virus was actually working double duty by protecting people from the monkeypox virus. Since the 1980s, the incidence of monkeypox has increased dramatically in that region. People who live in forested regions are the most likely to become infected by monkeypox, because the virus is typically hosted by (you guessed it) monkeys (Rimoin et al. 2010). But it turns out that prior vaccination with the smallpox vaccine also reduces monkeypox infection risk. That means that people who weren't born during the years of mass vaccination (i.e., young people) have a higher risk of becoming infected (Rimoin et al. 2010).
Finally, let's talk about one more incredible eradication program, but this time let's focus on a pathogen that didn't infect humans. Rinderpest, or cattle plague, was a viral disease that infected both wildlife (e.g., wildebeest, buffalo) and cattle. The disease often caused high cattle mortality rates, which resulted in huge economic losses for humans. But after a massive vaccination program, rinderpest was officially declared as eradicated in 2011.
So, there you have it. We have almost eradicated Guinea worms via a long-term education program. And we have successfully eradicated two important viral diseases (smallpox and rinderpest) via massive vaccination programs. Next stop – HIV vaccine?
I have a fairly simple approach to investing: Start with data and objective evidence to determine the dominant elements driving the market action right now. Figure out what objective reality is beneath all of the noise. Use that information to try to make intelligent investing decisions.
But then, I'm an investor focused on preserving capital and managing risk. I'm not out to win the next election or drive the debate. For those who are, facts and data matter much less than a narrative that supports their interests.
One group has been especially vocal about shaping a new narrative of the credit crisis and economic collapse: those whose bad judgment and failed philosophy helped cause the crisis.
Rather than admit the error of their ways — Repent! — these people are engaged in an active campaign to rewrite history. They are not, of course, exonerated in doing so. And beyond that, they damage the process of repairing what was broken. They muddy the waters when it comes to holding guilty parties responsible. They prevent measures from being put into place to prevent another crisis.
Here is the surprising takeaway: They are winning. Thanks to the endless repetition of the Big Lie.
A Big Lie is so colossal that no one would believe that someone could have the impudence to distort the truth so infamously. There are many examples: Claims that Earth is not warming, or that evolution is not the best thesis we have for how humans developed. Those opposed to stimulus spending have gone so far as to claim that the infrastructure of the United States is just fine, Grade A (not D, as the discussed last month), and needs little repair.
Wall Street has its own version: Its Big Lie is that banks and investment houses are merely victims of the crash. You see, the entire boom and bust was caused by misguided government policies. It was not irresponsible lending or derivative or excess leverage or misguided compensation packages, but rather long-standing housing policies that were at fault.
Indeed, the arguments these folks make fail to withstand even casual scrutiny. But that has not stopped people who should know better from repeating them.
The Big Lie made a surprise appearance Tuesday when New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, responding to a question about Occupy Wall Street, stunned observers by exonerating Wall Street: “It was not the banks that created the mortgage crisis. It was, plain and simple, Congress who forced everybody to go and give mortgages to people who were on the cusp.”
What made his comments so stunning is that he built Bloomberg Data Services on the notion that data are what matter most to investors. The terminals are found on nearly 400,000 trading desks around the world, at a cost of $1,500 a month. (Do the math — that's over half a billion dollars a month.) Perhaps the fact that Wall Street was the source of his vast wealth biased him. But the key principle of the business that made the mayor a billionaire is that fund managers, economists, researchers and traders should ignore the squishy narrative and, instead, focus on facts. Yet he ignored his own principles to repeat statements he should have known were false.
Why are people trying to rewrite the history of the crisis? Some are simply trying to save face. Interest groups who advocate for deregulation of the finance sector would prefer that deregulation not receive any blame for the crisis.
Some stand to profit from the status quo: Banks present a systemic risk to the economy, and reducing that risk by lowering their leverage and increasing capital requirements also lowers profitability. Others are hired guns, doing the bidding of bosses on Wall Street.
They all suffer cognitive dissonance — the intellectual crisis that occurs when a failed belief system or philosophy is confronted with proof of its implausibility.
And what about those facts? To be clear, no single issue was the cause. Our economy is a complex and intricate system. What caused the crisis? Look:
●Fed Chair Alan Greenspan dropped rates to 1 percent — levels not seen for half a century — and kept them there for an unprecedentedly long period. This caused a spiral in anything priced in dollars (i.e., oil, gold) or credit (i.e., housing) or liquidity driven (i.e., stocks).
●Low rates meant asset managers could no longer get decent yields from municipal bonds or Treasurys. Instead, they turned to high-yield mortgage-backed securities. Nearly all of them failed to do adequate due diligence before buying them, did not understand these instruments or the risk involved. They violated one of the most important rules of investing: Know what you own.
●Fund managers made this error because they relied on the credit ratings agencies — Moody's, S&P and Fitch. They had placed an AAA rating on these junk securities, claiming they were as safe as U.S. Treasurys.
• Derivatives had become a uniquely unregulated financial instrument. They are exempt from all oversight, counter-party disclosure, exchange listing requirements, state insurance supervision and, most important, reserve requirements. This allowed AIG to write $3 trillion in derivatives while reserving precisely zero dollars against future claims.
• The Securities and Exchange Commission changed the leverage rules for just five Wall Street banks in 2004. The “Bear Stearns exemption” replaced the 1977 net capitalization rule's 12-to-1 leverage limit. In its place, it allowed unlimited leverage for Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley, Merrill Lynch, Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns. These banks ramped leverage to 20-, 30-, even 40-to-1. Extreme leverage leaves very little room for error.
•Wall Street's compensation system was skewed toward short-term performance. It gives traders lots of upside and none of the downside. This creates incentives to take excessive risks.
• The demand for higher-yielding paper led Wall Street to begin bundling mortgages. The highest yielding were subprime mortgages. This market was dominated by non-bank originators exempt from most regulations. The Fed could have supervised them, but Greenspan did not.
• These mortgage originators' lend-to-sell-to-securitizers model had them holding mortgages for a very short period. This allowed them to get creative with underwriting standards, abdicating traditional lending metrics such as income, credit rating, debt-service history and loan-to-value.
• “Innovative” mortgage products were developed to reach more subprime borrowers. These include 2/28 adjustable-rate mortgages, interest-only loans, piggy-bank mortgages (simultaneous underlying mortgage and home-equity lines) and the notorious negative amortization loans (borrower's indebtedness goes up each month). These mortgages defaulted in vastly disproportionate numbers to traditional 30-year fixed mortgages.
●To keep up with these newfangled originators, traditional banks developed automated underwriting systems. The software was gamed by employees paid on loan volume, not quality.
●Glass-Steagall legislation, which kept Wall Street and Main Street banks walled off from each other, was repealed in 1998. This allowed FDIC-insured banks, whose deposits were guaranteed by the government, to engage in highly risky business. It also allowed the banks to bulk up, becoming bigger, more complex and unwieldy.
●Many states had anti-predatory lending laws on their books (along with lower defaults and foreclosure rates). In 2004, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency federally preempted state laws regulating mortgage credit and national banks. Following this change, national lenders sold increasingly risky loan products in those states. Shortly after, their default and foreclosure rates skyrocketed.
Bloomberg was partially correct: Congress did radically deregulate the financial sector, doing away with many of the protections that had worked for decades. Congress allowed Wall Street to self-regulate, and the Fed the turned a blind eye to bank abuses.
The previous Big Lie — the discredited belief that free markets require no adult supervision — is the reason people have created a new false narrative.
Now it's time for the Big Truth.
Related content:
More from Post Business
Pearlstein: You bet it's another bubble
Sloan: The bailout was awful, but it worked
Ritholtz is chief executive of FusionIQ, a quantitative research firm. He is the author of “Bailout Nation” and runs a finance blog, the Big Picture.
For the last few days, I have been playing the Star Wars: The Old Republic expansion Knights of the Fallen Empire . My expectations going into this expansion were low. I believed it would just be more of the same. I had been burned by Makeb and to a lesser extent Shadow of Revan , but ultimately, I wondered how in the world BioWare could change its formula. For the last couple of years, it's been producing SWTOR in a very similar way to its original launch plan. I assumed that BioWare was content with how it was doing and believed that it would continue on the current path that it was on. If it's not broke, don't fix it, right?
But the advertising for the KOTFE expansion suggested that choices really would matter and that as a whole the game was headed back to its roots in Knights of the Old Republic.
I have recorded about 10 hours of footage that I will be sifting through this week, putting together a video or two about the content. In that time, I played through the entire nine chapters that come with the expansion, and I can say without a doubt that KOTFE has surpassed all my expectations.
Possible spoilers
Before I begin taking this expansion apart, I would like to say that there could be some minor spoilers in these impressions. Although I will attempt to remain spoiler-free, anything that is in chapter one is fair game because it has been livestreamed multiple times by Twitch users at Twitchcon. I will also talk about the location hub for KotFE activity, but I'll do my best avoid primary plot information when talking about it. Basically, I want to talk about this expansion, but it's so full of spoilers that it makes things extraordinarily difficult. If I reveal something, it will not impede your enjoyment of the game.
The plot
The story begins almost immediately following the massacre on Ziost. Darth Marr has assembled a group of Imperial and Republic forces to track down the traitorous Sith Emperor Vitiate, who was raised up by Revan on Yavin IV, waged war on Ziost, and then completely disappeared.
Somehow, Darth Marr tracked the Emperor to Wild Space; this part is never really explained, and the name “Wild Space” doesn't exactly explain where Marr has tracked the Emperor to. However, I cheated and checked the galaxy map the first chance I got. According to the in-game map, Zakuul and the other Eternal Empire planets lays between Rattatak and the Chiss Ascendency. This is where Darth Marr says that he feels the presence of the Emperor. So he calls you to help him out.
Shortly after you arrive, an unidentifiable probe screeches through the assembled fleet. When the fleet attempts to follow it, another fleet pops out of hyperspace and begins laying siege to every Republic and Imperial ship, including the one you're aboard. During the course of the battle, your ship and crew leave, and most importantly, Darth Marr's flagship, with you on board, is destroyed.
When you wake up, you find that both you and Darth Marr have been imprisoned by the Empire of the Eternal Throne and are on your way to meet Emperor Valkorion. If you've seen the Twitch streams, you know that Darth Marr refuses an offer that Valkorion made to him. Then he offers you a slightly different proposition to you, and you have the choice to accept or refuse it. And for funsies, I did one choice on one character and the other on another character, but I will save results for my spoiler-rich video impressions of the expansion. Regardless of your choice, you are frozen in carbonite, where you sit for five years.
I will skip the details of chapter two because that's likely the most spoilery of the first few chapters, but in chapter three you are freed from your frozen prison by Lana Beniko and work to escape from the capital of Zakuul. You are then introduced to characters like Koth and HK-55. Ultimately, you escape, and that's when the real fun begins. Anything beyond that falls into heavy spoiler territory.
Storytelling devices
The Knights of the Old Republic formula was a giant fetch quest, but what made the game interesting was your companions, or more specifically, your interaction with your companions. Mass Effect 2 had a very similar formula. The vanilla version of SWTOR kind of followed this formula, but it didn't have the same strength of character. Many times, I felt the original SWTOR stories forced a companion on you because the game required that you have a companion at that time. Knights of the Fallen Empire companions flow naturally with the story, and it feels possible that anyone you run into could become your companion.
The fact that any companion can do any role makes choosing companions a lot easier. At first, I was opposed to this idea, but as I played through the game, it made more sense to have your companions be so flexible. For the purposes of the story, you would want to have one companion over another, and many times, certain companions weren't available because of your place in the story. Allowing every companion to fill every combat role prevents awkward companion swaps before stepping into some cutscenes.
Many times SWTOR‘s original cutscenes were static shots of talking heads. Not only was that visually boring to look at, but it also showed a lot of the flaw in the character animation. The characters seemed to be conducting an odd orchestra with very formulaic and predictable movements. Fortunately, there have clearly been improvements to the animation in KOTFE. Characters can grab their right side now, for goodness' sake! Many times the right camera angle or movement could mask an animation flaw, but most of all the additional camera movements and creative angles serve to give the expansion a grand, epic adventure feel.
All is not perfect
I can't exactly critique individual bits of the story without spoiling too much too early, but I can talk about how the story is presented in the expansion. And its biggest flaw is that this story doesn't fit into an MMO. In fact, it doesn't feel like an MMO at all. Even when I hit the parts of the story that introduce the new player hub, the game doesn't create any feeling that I am part of a large, multiplayer game. Even the new flashpoints, the Star Fortresses, are intended to be soloed. I'm not opposed to solo gameplay. I just know that there will be critics of it, and more than Elder Scrolls Online‘s solo gameplay, KOTFE‘s solo game seems to completely ignore that we are even playing an MMO because many of the large phases won't even allow other players to participate in the action.
Let's talk character aesthetics. There is a unique quality to the SWTOR character model; it toes an acceptable line between a cartoon-like World of Warcraft and The Secret World realism. However, the new characters like your companion Koth and one of the antagonists Arcann don't quite match that aesthetic. They feel out of place when in a cutscene with your character or a character that uses the old character models. I was reminded of when Lana Beniko was first introduced to the game. They stood out, but not in a good way.
The last and most jarring flaws in relation to story and the overall presentation are the old-school dialogue trees presented during the base missions. I had to run a couple of them before I realized that it was done on purpose. I get that the dialogue tree layout and the lack of character voiceover was intended to invoke a sense of nostalgia for KOTOR, but it falls flat, and frankly, I want to avoid some of the repeatable missions because of it.
Early access has started for Knights of the Fallen Empire today. If you've not subbed up to the game, I recommend doing that for a month so that you can experience KOTFE. It is a really great single-player story. Unfortunately, with so few people on the preview servers, it's difficult to judge how well the expansion MMO bits work, but look for that next week when the game officially launches on October 27th.
Massively Overpowered skips scored reviews; they're outdated in a genre whose games evolve daily. Instead, our veteran reporters immerse themselves in MMOs to present their experiences as hands-on articles, impressions pieces, and previews of games yet to come. First impressions matter, but MMOs change, so why shouldn't our opinions?
This post originally ran on Juan Cole's website.
Israeli President Reuven Rivlin on Monday declared Israeli squatting on the Palestinian West Bank a “right” and as an essential Zionist principle.
Reuven, a former chairman of the far-right Likud Party now in power, is known to favor a paternalist form of the one-state solution. He has said he would rather give Palestinians citizenship than give up Israeli squatter settlements in the West Bank. (Although, it must be pointed out, he hasn't actually done anything practical to end Palestinian statelessness and lack of basic rights in the West Bank, and Israeli squatter settlements there often disadvantage native Palestinians by stealing land, water and other resources without offering compensation). Reuven, who speaks fluent Arabic, has a vision of Israel as a multi-ethnic state, and has championed rights for Palestinian-Israelis, even the right to dissent from Israeli government policy. But he clearly also gets the confidence for this relative generosity to minorities from a conviction that Jews will remain on top of the political and social hierarchy. His supremacism extends to the Orthdox/ Conservative/Reform/Reconstructionist divide in contemporary Judaism. Reuven has been dismissive of Reform and Conservative Judaism, the major denominations in the United States, as not really Jewish, insisting that a fundamentalist approach to law is what makes for the essence of Judaism (in the same way that Muslim fundamentalists see sharia as the essence of Islam. He is not himself terribly observant, though).
Rivlin said, “I love the land of Israel with all my heart. I have never and will never give up on this land. For me, our right to this land is not a matter of political debate. It is a basic fact of modern Zionism . . We must not give anyone the sense that we are in any doubt about our right to our land. For me, the settlement of the land of Israel is an expression of that right, our historical right, our national right.”
Yes, and Mussolini thought he had a historic right to rule Libya, too, and Italians saw themselves as “returning” to North Africa in 1911 and after, since it had been part of the Roman Empire. People who say they love the fatherland with all their heart and that its borders extend beyond the present map should be viewed with suspicion. Such claims to supremacism over other people and their territory are frankly absurd, and doomed to the dustbin of history.
What is worrisome is that past Likud leaders, such as Ariel Sharon, staked out claims to the Ghur Valley in Jordan or to southern Lebanon (or once upon a time, Egypt's Sinai). Zionist leader David Ben Gurion once boasted that Israel had not fixed its borders.
The question is whether Rivlin's dream of subjecting the 2.5 million Palestinians in the West Bank to permanent Israeli annexation, and his placing of this project at the center of the Zionist project, heralds a permanent split between Jewish Americans and the Likud government of Israel. Because most American Jews don't approve of this kind of annexationist project.
Dead Plants Strengthen Beliefs in Global Warming
by Brian Kateman | April 27, 2012
Cues in our physical environment unconsciously influence how we process information. People rate others as having warmer personalities if they simultaneously hold a hot drink in their hand; interviewers perceive interviewees as “weightier” candidates if the resumes are presented on heavy clipboards; and individuals walk slower when primed with a word associated with the elderly—these studies, drawn from the fields of social and embodied cognition, demonstrate that sensory and motor processes (activated by stimuli in our immediate environment) inform how other people perceive us as well as how we think about ourselves. They also influence how we evaluate and act on beliefs.
If environmental cues can affect diverse behaviors and judgments, do cues related to nature affect beliefs about global warming?
A new study by French psychologist Nicolas Guéguen from the Université de Bretagne-Sud asked undergraduates to report on their beliefs regarding global warming while in the presence of a small tree or several trees. In one experimental condition, the trees had foliage; in the other condition, the trees were bare. The researchers concluded participants were more likely to believe in global warming while in the presence of a tree without foliage; the belief was amplified when in the presence of three trees without foliage (as compared to only one).
These results compliment numerous studies suggesting physical cues in the surrounding environment affect risk-perception of global warming. For example, researchers found that people who are primed with words related to heat are more likely to express beliefs about global warming compared to participants primed with neutral words. In a separate study, researchers determined people who thought that the day was warmer than usual expressed a stronger belief in global warming compared to people who thought the day was colder than usual.
The notion that surrounding objects unconsciously influence our thoughts and behavior is of interest to individuals who are interested in developing marketing strategies and design tactics to promote sustainable behavior and heighten awareness about environmental issues. For example, according to Dr. Guéguen, an experimenter could test whether people using the bathroom in the presence of dead plants are more likely to use less water while washing their hands (as compared to those in the presence of thriving plants, or no plants at all). Lessons drawn from the findings of similar experiments could inform how to design spaces that encourage people to recycle, bike to work, use less electricity, buy eco-friendly products, and make other sustainable choices. The Center for Research on Environmental Decisions at Columbia University, an interdisciplinary center that studies individual and group decision making under climate uncertainty and decision making in the face of environmental risk, has many featured projects that address these issues broadly.
Subtle stimuli in the environment exert a strong influence on the way we function. Similarly, small organisms in our physical environment exert a strong influence on the way ecosystems function. The little things in our environment, some too small to see with the naked eye, all affect the surrounding temperature, air that we breathe, and food that we eat. “The Little Things and Their Influence on the Planet,” a course that is part of the Certificate in Conservation and Environmental Sustainability, investigates the role of microorganisms in maintaining our biosphere. It meets on Thursdays, May 31, June 7, 14, and 21 (4 sessions; 6:10-8:40PM), and is available both in class and via distance learning. For more information, please contact Desmond Beirne at cerc@columbia.edu or 212-854-0149.
Three men were shot outside Esso Bar early Sunday morning, police said. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Alex Nitkin
WICKER PARK — Three men were hurt in a drive-by shooting in front of Wicker Park club Esso early Sunday morning.
Around 1:20 a.m., the men were walking out of a club — later identified as Esso, 1270 N. Milwaukee Ave. — when someone shot at them from a passing car, according to Officer Jose Estrada, a Chicago Police spokesman.
Joe Langley, who lives in a nearby apartment building, said he heard yelling and "some commotion" from his home around 2 a.m. When he walked outside, the street was taped off and flooded with police, he said.
In the nearly two years he's lived on the block, Langley said this was the first serious incident he's seen.
"I see guys hanging around there, sometimes peeing in the alley or stuff like that, but never anything like this," Langley said. "Whatever it is, I hope the police have it locked down. I don't like gunshots near my building."
Another Wicker Park neighbor who lived above the club for a year last year, Neal Hartman said he witnessed five fights there.
Hartman said sometimes there would be "pools of blood" on the sidewalk in the morning.
Management at Esso could not be reached for comment Sunday morning.
Two 26-year-old men were brought to Northwestern Memorial Hospital, where their conditions "stabilized," Estrada said. One man had been shot in his leg, and the other was shot in his right arm and his buttocks.
Another man, 25, brought himself to Rush Hospital, where he was in "stable" condition with a gunshot wound in his right foot, Estrada said.
Police could not say if any of the injuries were life-threatening.
No one is in custody, Estrada said.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Like many who heard the hockey news last week, I feel the decision not to have NHL players attend next year's Olympics is bittersweet.
On the one hand, the Olympics should, of course, almost by definition, feature the best athletes in the world.
As a Leaf fan in particular, I can't help but lament the storylines that may now go untold. Matthews and Van Riemsdyk getting even with the Russians for hacking John Podesta's e-mails. Frederik Andersen standing on his head so much that the Danes end up acheiving their first-ever trip to the podium, beating their historic rival Sweden in a 1-0 octuple-overtime bronze medal game. Or even Zach Hyman, leading an Israeli team manned almost entirely by North American Jews, teaching them how to scour the boards, kill off penalties, and desperately try to help Matthews convert.
Who knows what wild Olympic action we will miss!
On the other hand, one must also respect the owners' inclination to spend tons of their own money to earn tons more money within a free society. Why should they risk their stars being injured? And anyway, it will be exciting to see more amateur players—and Datsyuk—compete instead.
Also, it's just sports, so who cares?
Well, alright, I do care. And so do plenty of other sports-crazed hockey lovers, who would also prefer the best players to play. Really, apart from the owners, and Gary Bettman, and some of the stars in the KHL, SEL, and OHL, and their families, and perhaps Kim Jong-un, there isn't anybody who stands to benefit from players like Kane, Karlsson, Crosby and Ovechkin staying home.
Luckily, there may be a compromise available that would please both owners and fans, which could be used if the NHL does end up going through with the prohibition it announced earlier this week.
The compromise is this: All-Star Weekend in Daegwallyeong-myeon.
It's pretty simple actually. Instead of only having one hockey category in the Olympics, in 2018 you have two: European Hockey and American Hockey. The European Hockey event will work the same way Olympic hockey tournaments always do, only without any active NHL players in it.
The American Hockey event, however, will be a much shorter, 2-day tournament, involving just 8 teams and playing by NHL rules (smaller ice, hybrid icing, etc. ). The teams will be Canada, the US, Russia, Sweden, Finland, Czech Republic, Slovakia, and World. (The World team might in fact have the fewest NHL players on its roster…though solid goaltending). The twin Hockey events will not be held on the same week, so non-NHL star players will be able to compete in both.
The 2-day, 8-team American Hockey event will work as follows. On Day 1, two rounds will be held, each round consisting of one 20-minute hockey game, plus sudden death overtime if needed. The first overtime will be 5-on-5 for 20 minutes, the second overtime 4-on-4 for 5 minutes, and all subsequent overtimes 3-on-3 for 5 minutes at a time. There will be no friggin' shootouts.
It is likely that, at the end of Day 1, the four advancing teams in the tournament will each have played around 40-90 minutes of hockey; probably closer to 40 minutes. The four losing teams could easily wind up playing only 20 minutes of hockey. Matchups for Day 1 will be selected by lottery.
On Day 2 of the event, the final round will be held: the Bronze Medal Game and Championship Game. Both games will be played by playoff rules: 60 minute regulations and 20-minute 5-on-5 OT's.
There you have it. The whole thing is over in one action-packed weekend. Canada's stars grab gold, then head back home to celebrate before the jet-lag even has time to kick in. The players are not so likely to get injured, since, barring a wild series of sudden death overtimes, teams in the event will only play 20-200 minutes of hockey. And fans will not be forced to watch some poor athlete from Latvia or Slovenia try to defend Connor McDavid—or catch a last, peripheral glimpse of Brent Burns' beard flying at them if they finally do succeed in carrying the puck over the blue line.
So, nu, what do you think? Nothing like a good compromise, eh?
Advertisements
Army medic at Fort Campbell accused in rape, death of infant daughter Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved Christopher Conway (Courtesy: Clarksville Police Department) [ + - ] Video
There are 2 videos inside this story. Click here to see them both from the News 2 app.
CLARKSVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) - A Clarksville father was charged for an unthinkable crime-- the sexual assault and death of his 9-month-old daughter.
According to police, officers responded to a 911 call from his home on Cindy Jo Court Tuesday morning around 7:20 a.m. When they arrived, someone was performing CPR on the little girl before she was taken to Tennova Hospital.
The baby was pronounced dead at 8 a.m.
During their investigation, authorities say they found Christopher Conway, 22, was responsible for the crime. He reportedly later admitted to the assault and the baby's death.
Conway's arrest warrant details how the infant was sexually assaulted and her neck was wrapped with a cord, causing her death.
The 22-year-old was booked into the Montgomery County jail Wednesday morning on charges of homicide and aggravated rape of a child. He is being held on a $100,000 bond.
According to a spokesperson with Fort Campbell, Conway is currently enlisted as a medic in the U.S. Army.
The horrific news traveled quickly through his neighborhood.
"I cannot understand how someone could be so sick to do that to a child. It breaks my heart because we are a military family as well, and you hear this guy is military, you are supposed to trust these people with everything," said neighbor Alexis Merendino.
Another neighbor told News 2 her husband informed her of what happened. She said she thought he was lying.
"... and I looked it up and I actually live down the street that way, so I wanted to see how close this was to our house because of my little girl. I have a little girl. It is sickening," she explained.
Neighbors also told New 2 the baby girl had a twin sister. The Department of Children's Services confirmed it is investigating the case and the twin has been removed from the home. She is currently in foster care.
Submitted by John Whitehead via The Rutherford Institute,
“We are not to simply bandage the wounds of victims beneath the wheels of injustice, we are to drive a spoke into the wheel itself.”—Dietrich Bonhoeffer
The untimely death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia has predictably created a political firestorm.
Republicans and Democrats, eager to take advantage of an opening on the Supreme Court, have been quick to advance their ideas about Scalia's replacement. This is just the beginning of the furor over who gets to appoint the next U.S. Supreme Court justice (President Obama or his successor), when (as soon as Obama chooses or as long as Congress can delay), how (whether by way of a recess appointment or while Congress is in session), and where any judicial nominee will stand on the hot-button political issues of our day (same-sex marriage, Obamacare, immigration, the environment, and abortion).
This is yet another spectacle, not unlike the carnival-like antics of the presidential candidates, to create division, dissension and discord and distract the populace from the nation's steady march towards totalitarianism.
Not to worry. This is a done deal. There are no surprises awaiting us.
We may not know the gender, the orientation, the politics, or the ethnicity of Justice Scalia's replacement, but those things are relatively unimportant in the larger scheme of things.
The powers-that-be have already rigged the system. They—the corporations, the military industrial complex, the surveillance state, the monied elite, etc.—will not allow anyone to be appointed to the Supreme Court who will dial back the police state. They will not tolerate anyone who will undermine their policies, threaten their profit margins, or overturn their apple cart.
Scalia's replacement will be safe (i.e., palatable enough to withstand Congress' partisan wrangling), reliable and most important of all, an extension of the American police state.
With the old order dying off or advancing into old age rapidly, we've arrived at a pivotal point in the makeup of the Supreme Court. With every vacant seat on the Court and in key judgeships around the country, we are witnessing a transformation of the courts into pallid, legalistic bureaucracies governed by a new breed of judges who have been careful to refrain from saying, doing or writing anything that might compromise their future ambitions.
Today, the judges most likely to get appointed today are well-heeled, well-educated (all of them attended either Yale or Harvard law schools) blank slates who have traveled a well-worn path from an elite law school to a prestigious judicial clerkship and then a pivotal federal judgeship. Long gone are the days when lawyers without judicial experience such as Earl Warren, William Rehnquist, Felix Frankfurter, and Louis Brandeis could be appointed to the Supreme Court.
As Supreme Court correspondent Dahlia Lithwick points out, “a selection process that discourages political or advocacy experience and reduces the path to the Supreme Court to a funnel” results in “perfect judicial thoroughbreds who have spent their entire adulthoods on the same lofty, narrow trajectory.”
In other words, it really doesn't matter whether a Republican or Democratic president appoints the next Supreme Court justice, because they will all look alike (in terms of their educational and professional background) and sound alike (they are primarily advocates for the government).
Given the turbulence of our age, with its police overreach, military training drills on American soil, domestic surveillance, SWAT team raids, asset forfeiture, wrongful convictions, and corporate corruption, the need for a guardian of the people's rights has never been greater.
Unfortunately, as I document in Battlefield America: The War on the American People, what we have been saddled with instead are government courts dominated by technicians and statists who march in lockstep with the American police state.
This is true at all levels of the judiciary.
Thus, while what the nation needs is a constitutionalist, what we will get is a technician.
It's an important distinction.
A legal constitutionalist believes that the authority of government derives from and is limited by a body of fundamental law (the Constitution) and strives to hold the government accountable to abiding by the Constitution. A judge of this order will uphold the rights of the citizenry in the face of government abuses.
Justice William O. Douglas, who served on the Supreme Court for 36 years, was such a constitutionalist. He believed that the “Constitution is not neutral. It was designed to take the government off the backs of the people.” Considered the most “committed civil libertarian ever to sit on the court,” Douglas was frequently controversial and far from perfect (he was part of a 6-3 majority in Korematsu vs. United States that supported the government's internment of American citizens of Japanese descent during World War II). Even so, his warnings against a domineering, suspicious, totalitarian, police-driven surveillance state resonate still today.
A legal technician, on the other hand, is an arbitrator of the government's plethora of laws whose priority is maintaining order and preserving government power. As such, these judicial technicians are deferential to authority, whether government or business, and focused on reconciling the massive number of laws handed down by the government.
John Roberts who joined the Supreme Court in 2005 as Chief Justice is a prime example of a legal technician. His view that the “role of the judge is limited…to decide the cases before them” speaks to a mindset that places the judge in the position of a referee. As USA Today observes, “Roberts' tenure has been marked by an incremental approach to decision-making — issuing narrow rather than bold rulings that have the inevitable effect of bringing the same issues back to the high court again and again.”
Roberts' approach to matters of law and justice can best be understood by a case dating back to his years on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia. The case involved a 12-year-old black girl who was handcuffed, searched and arrested by police—all for eating a single French fry in violation of a ban on food in the D.C. metro station. Despite Roberts' ability to recognize the harshness of the treatment meted out to Ansche Hedgepeth for such a minor violation—the little girl was transported in the windowless rear compartment of a police vehicle to a juvenile processing center, where she was booked, fingerprinted, and detained for three hours, and was “frightened, embarrassed, and crying throughout the ordeal”—Roberts ruled that the girl's constitutional rights had not been violated in any way.
This is not justice meted out by a constitutionalist.
This is how a technician rules, according to the inflexible letter of the law.
Circuit Judge Sri Srinivasan of the DC Court of Appeals, who is rumored to be a favorite pick for Scalia's spot on the court, is another such technician. When asked to strike down a 60-year-old ban on expressive activities in front of the Supreme Court Plaza, Srinivasan turned a blind eye to the First Amendment. (Ironically, the Supreme Court must now decide whether to declare its own free speech ban unconstitutional.)
By ruling in favor of the ban, Srinivasan also affirmed that police were correct to arrest an African-American protester who was standing silently in front of the Supreme Court wearing a sign protesting the police state on a snowy day when no one was on the plaza except him.
Srinivasan's rationale? “Allowing demonstrations directed at the Court, on the Court's own front terrace, would tend to yield the opposite impression: that of a Court engaged with — and potentially vulnerable to — outside entreaties by the public.”
This view of the Supreme Court as an entity that must be sheltered from select outside influences—for example, the views of the citizenry—is shared by the members of the Court itself to a certain extent. As Lithwick points out:
“The Court has become worryingly cloistered, even for a famously cloistered institution… today's justices filter out anything that might challenge their perspectives. Antonin Scalia won't read newspapers that conflict with his views and claims to often get very little from amicus briefs. John Roberts has said that he doesn't believe that most law-review articles—where legal scholars advance new thinking on contemporary problems—are relevant to the justices' work. Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Scalia's opera-going buddy, increasingly seems to revel in, rather than downplay, her status as a liberal icon. Kennedy spends recesses guest-teaching law school courses in Salzburg.”
Are you getting the picture yet?
The members of the Supreme Court are part of a ruling aristocracy composed of men and women who primarily come from privileged backgrounds and who have a vested interest in maintaining the status quo.
These justices, all of whom are millionaires in their own rights, circulate among an elite, privileged class of individuals, attending exclusive events at private resorts orchestrated by billionaire oil barons, traveling on the private jets of billionaires, and delivering paid speeches in far-flung locales such as Berlin, London and Zurich.
When you're cocooned within the rarefied, elitist circles in which most of the judiciary operate, it can be difficult to see the humanity behind the facts of a case, let alone identify with the terror and uncertainty that most people feel when heavily armed government agents invade their homes, or subject them to a virtual strip search, or taser them into submission.
If you've never had to worry about police erroneously crashing through your door in the dead of night, then it might not be a hardship to rule as the Court did in Kentucky v. King that police should have greater leeway to break into homes or apartments without a warrant.
If you have no fear of ever being strip searched yourself, it would be easy to suggest as the Court did in Florence v. Burlington that it's more important to make life easier for overworked jail officials than protect Americans from debasing strip searches.
And if you have never had to submit to anyone else's authority—especially a militarized police officer with no knowledge of the Constitution's prohibitions against excessive force, warrantless searches and illegal seizures, then you would understandably give police the benefit of the doubt as the Court did in Brooks v. City of Seattle, when they let stand a ruling that police officers who had clearly used excessive force when they repeatedly tasered a pregnant woman during a routine traffic stop were granted immunity from prosecution.
Likewise, if you're not able to understand what it's like to be one of the “little guys,” afraid to lose your home because some local government wants to commandeer it and sell it to a larger developer for profit, it would be relatively easy to rule, as the Supreme Court did in Kelo v. New London, that the government is within its right to do so.
Now do you understand why the Supreme Court's decisions in recent years, which have run the gamut from suppressing free speech activities and justifying suspicionless strip searches to warrantless home invasions and conferring constitutional rights on corporations, while denying them to citizens, have been characterized most often by an abject deference to government authority, military and corporate interests?
They no longer work for us. They no longer represent us. They can no longer relate to our suffering.
In the same way that the Legislative Branch, having been co-opted by lobbyists, special interests, and the corporate elite, has ceased to function as a vital check on abuses by the other two branches of government, the Judicial Branch has also become part of the same self-serving bureaucracy.
Sound judgment, compassion and justice have taken a back seat to legalism, statism and elitism.
Preserving the rights of the people has been deprioritized and made to play second fiddle to both governmental and corporate interests.
In the case of the People vs. the Police State, the ruling is 9-0 against us.
So where does that leave us?
The Supreme Court of old is gone, if not for good then at least for now.
It will be a long time before we have another court such as the Warren Court (1953-1969), when Earl Warren served alongside such luminaries as William J. Brennan, Jr., William O. Douglas, Hugo Black, Felix Frankfurter and Thurgood Marshall.
The Warren Court handed down rulings that were instrumental in shoring up critical legal safeguards against government abuse and discrimination. Without the Warren Court, there would be no Miranda warnings, no desegregation of the schools and no civil rights protections for indigents.
Yet more than any single ruling, what Warren and his colleagues did best was embody what the Supreme Court should always be—an institution established to intervene and protect the people against the government and its agents when they overstep their bounds.
That is no longer the case.
We can no longer depend on the federal courts to protect us against the government. They are the government.
Yet as is the case with most things, the solution is far simpler and at the same time more complicated than space allows, but it starts with local action—local change—and local justice. If you want a revolution, start small, in your own backyard, and the impact will trickle up.
If you don't like the way justice is being meted out in America, then start demanding justice in your own hometown, before your local judges. Serve on juries, nullify laws that are egregious, picket in front of the courthouse, vote out judges (and prosecutors) who aren't practicing what the Constitution preaches, encourage your local newspapers to report on cases happening in your town, educate yourself about your rights, and make sure your local judges understand that they work for you and are not to be extensions of the police, prosecutors and politicians.
This is the only way we will ever have any hope of pushing back against the police state.
On the surface, it seems that the present moment is only one of many, many moments. Each day of your life appears to consist of thousands of moments where different things happen. Yet if you look more deeply, is there not only one moment, ever? Is life ever not "this moment"?
This one moment -- now -- is the only thing you can never escape from, the one constant factor in your life. No matter what happens, no matter how much your life changes, one thing is certain: It's always Now.
When you make friends with the present moment, you feel at home no matter where you are. When you don't feel at home in the Now, no matter where you go, you will carry unease with you.
Since there is no escape from the Now, why not welcome it, become friendly with it?
When you say "yes" to what is, you become aligned with the power and intelligence of Life itself. Only then can you become an agent for positive change in the world.
I am not my thoughts, emotions, sense perceptions, and experiences. I am not the content of my life. I am Life. I am the space in which all things happen. I am consciousness. I am the Now. I Am.
A simple but radical spiritual practice is to accept whatever arises in the Now -- within and without. -- Eckhart Tolle, Stillness Speaks
Five powerful mantras to help bring your awareness back to the present moment. Pass on the Power of Now!
Clifford Smith (pictured) is facing charges of simple assault and vandalism after he reportedly choked a wheelchair-bound woman for eating the last piece of chicken at a dinner gathering, reports WAFB 9.
SEE ALSO: Woman Caught With Loaded Gun In Her Vagina
According to a police report, Smith, 44, and some other people sat down for dinner on Sunday evening. When there was only one piece of chicken left, an unidentified woman, who is physically disabled, reached for the piece and began eating it.
Smith had his eye on the last piece of chicken and became enraged when he saw the woman grabbing for it. Smith then yelled that he had wanted the chicken and allegedly lost control of his emotions at the dinner table.
Want to Keep Up With NewsOne.com? LIKE Us On Facebook!
Investigators state that Smith first struck the woman. He then picked up a beer bottle and smashed it against a wall. Diners couldn't believe what they were witnessing. The Pacolet, S. C., man then took his hands, placed them around the woman's neck and proceeded to choke her as she defenselessly sat in her wheelchair.
As the victim scrambled to dial 911 with her cell phone, Smith reportedly snatched it from her and smashed it into pieces.
Police were summoned by witnesses and Smith was placed under arrest.
Also On News One:
An unannounced trip that Barack Obama took to Hawaii just days before a ruling from a Honolulu federal judge on Donald Trump's new immigration restrictions has lead to accusations of improper meddling as observers noted that Obama at one point may have been within five minutes of U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson's house.
On March 13, 2017, local Hawaiian news station KHON2 published pictures indicating that Barack and Michelle Obama had made an unannounced trip to Oahu after one of their viewers submitted photos of Obama at Buzz's Original Steak House in Lanikai. The paper reported that Obama spent March 14th playing golf in at the Midway Golf Club in Kailua before joining “friends” in a private room at Noi Thai Cuisine at Royal Hawaiian Center for dinner. There was no information on the identity of the individuals Obama dined with. Online users have noted that the most direct path from Kailua to Noi Thai would have taken Obama within five minutes of Judge Watson's residence.
The day after Obama's Tuesday dinner in Honolulu, Derrick Watson issued a ruling which effectively stopped President Donald Trump's executive order on immigration from taking effect hours later. Observers immediately protested the ruling, noting that not only was Watson appointed to his position by Obama in 2014, they had both graduated from Harvard Law School in 1991.
Judge Watson's 43-page ruling was issued a mere two hours after hearing arguments on whether or not the immigration ban should be blocked. This would have required Watson to write a page roughly every three minutes, raising questions about whether or not the judge had already made a decision before even hearing arguments from attorneys and had already drafted a ruling. The proximity of the judge to Obama on his vacation just days before the consequential hearing, their lengthy history together and facts indicating that the judge had prepared a ruling before the case even began raise questions about whether or not the former President exercised improper influence in the judge's decision. Barack Obama's representatives have yet to issue any comment on the matter.
Research for this article was provided by Kenneth Whittle of Loyola University New Orleans College of Law
Share this: Tweet
Print
More
Armoured vehicles win battles, protect soldiers and minimise civilian deaths
DISCUSSION of tanks in Afghanistan is relevant because the link between military tactics and strategy is a critical one, and the link to numbers of troops and their equipment defines our troops' effectiveness.
A tank is the one vehicle that can fight head-to-head with an enemy regardless of weapons or roadside bombs, and in the case of the present Australian tank, the Abrams, consistently win. Because they are big and tough and strong, tanks are seen by the uninitiated as too big and lumbering, not suited to counter-insurgency because they cannot go where the insurgents are and they kill innocent civilians. And, as one partially informed recent defence minister once said: "Tanks send the wrong message."
Read Next
These views are wrong but, surprisingly, are also held by many in uniform.
Australians, even soldiers, have tended to arrogantly not want tanks in a range of different wars. Just as often, once tanks are forced on commanders, they prove to be decisive.
Everyone thought in 1942 that tanks would be of no use in New Guinea against the Japanese. It was jungle so the tanks would bog. Indeed it was jungle, they did bog, but they were still decisive. The local commander in 1942 in Papua said to the tank commander: "I did not ask for you. I do not want you. But if you are here, then I will use you." At Buna, Gona and Sanananda, not only did tanks save soldiers' lives, they won battles.
In the Korean War in the early 1950s, at the battles of Kapyong and Maryang San, Australians fought beside British and US tanks. It was never a question of whether tanks would be appropriate (although the land was extremely rugged) because our allies knew that tanks saved lives and won battles.
Because Vietnam was a counter-insurgency, why would you need tanks? We fought the battle of Long Tan without tanks, then we came very close to defeat in Operation Bribie without tanks. In 1968, tanks were introduced and proved themselves that year. Certain levels of military command in Vietnam said tanks were unnecessary or would not work. Against influential military advice, tanks were sent and they were decisive. Once again they saved lives and won battles.
In Iraq the nay-sayers claimed tanks would be vulnerable in urban areas because the enemy can kill the tank from close range and tanks are too intimidating to the population. This was said before the insurgents in Iraq took on the characteristics of a "hybrid enemy", more like the heavily armed Viet Cong and North Vietnamese Army than the lightly armed "CTs" of the Malayan Emergency. This was a counter-insurgency, and tanks were in every major fight, and time and again they won battles and saved lives.
And what do we now see in Afghanistan? After a soldier bemoaned the lack of tactical support in an email, the Chief of the Australian Defence Force is reported as saying: "Air Chief Marshal Houston has also rejected suggestions from the opposition that Australia should send tanks to Afghanistan, warning they were completely unsuitable for the terrain and the kind of military action taking place."
If this reporting is accurate, then that view is at least consistent across the history of the Australian military. But it is wrong.
Canadians and the Danes use tanks in Afghanistan. The first Canadian commander in Afghanistan said: "If you'd asked me five months ago, 'Do you need tanks to fight insurgents?' I would have said, 'No, you're nuts.' "
But, "Because [the Taliban] are acting conventionally, then conventional assets like tanks have their place here."
A recent RAND report on Canadian tanks in Afghanistan concludes that "[tanks] reduce operational risks and minimise friendly casualties." Convoys are less likely to be ambushed if tanks are present. Canadian tanks have killed dozens of insurgents in battles, yet there has been no suggestion of civilian deaths attributed to tank fire.
The Danes have had much the same experience. The tank's gun is so accurate that it minimises civilian casualties. RAND reports the Danes "noted that tanks can respond very quickly when contact is made with insurgents, and Taliban activity drops considerably when tanks are operating in an area." The Canadians and Danes have been so successful with their tanks that the British have taken to relying on them completely for their heavy armour and mobile firepower needs.
This would be an irrelevant argument if it were not for the fact that the same people who are getting it so wrong about tanks in Afghanistan are being relied on by government to justify a minimalist policy in Afghanistan.
The lack of Australian tanks is not the most important issue. It never was and never will be. The popular attitude towards tanks is rather a symptom of the lack of conviction by government. More important is the lack of infantry, engineers and helicopters. So-called training the Afghan army requires two things: giving the Afghans basic combat skills and experience but also reducing the Taliban threat in the province to a level the Afghans can handle when we leave in one, two or four years. The security situation in Oruzgan can change quickly. Tanks give about the greatest effect for the least number of Australian soldiers on the ground. If you want to protect our soldiers, protect the process of training the Afghans and lower the threat level in Oruzgan, send the tanks.
About
______________________________________________________________
Title: Crystal Catacombs Developer: Levels or Lives (Maxwell Jensen - Design/Art) Platform: PC (possible ports to XBLA, PSN, iOS and Mac) Genre: 2D > Action > Platformer Completion: 20% ______________________________________________________________
The Nature of the Beast:
Crystal Catacombs is an exploration based action platformer that incorporates challenging roguelike mechanics combined within a multitude of unique and unpredictable procedurally generated (random) dungeons.
The game includes dozens of different items, weapons, spells, enemies and bosses. It will also feature a customizable inventory and a stat based character upgrade system.
Fun and Unique (Funique!) Features:
Randomly generated dungeons with randomly chosen enemies, special items, treasures and even bosses. No two experiences will ever be the same.
Several different Crystal Realms (levels) to explore. Each with their own unique enemies, traps, hazards, treasures and bosses.
Discover Magical Artifacts that can be equipped and used to grant new (and awesome) abilities.
Collect and choose from different weapon classes including swords, whips, axes, bows and more!
Unleash an assortment of powerful magic spells ranging from your standard fireball to summoning epic creatures to help aid you in battle.
Gain experience points to level up and ultimately become a force of glorified and unadulterated awesome sauce!!
...plus more!
______________________________________________________________
Space Aliens, Draculas and Other Influences:
The gameplay mechanics and visual style of Crystal Catacombs are both greatly inspired by classic games such as Super Metroid and Castlevania. I've made a strong point to try and retain the same vintage appeal while also incorporating my own artistic/game design spin into the development of the game to help make it as fun and exciting as possible.
______________________________________________________________
The Story Thus Far:
Greetings hero,
I have been informed that you have traveled from a far off land in an attempt to save our world. You are indeed a brave soul to take on such a perilous mission. Many courageous warriors have attempted this dangerous feat before you but none have yet to return…
The world of Celestica is threatened by an evil force known as the Crystal Castle. The Crystal Castle is an ancient miscreation of unimaginable destructive power. Someone or something has resurrected and harnessed its evil in an attempt to destroy our very world.
Inside the walls of the Crystal Castle reside several chambers, each containing a magical portal to another realm. These realms are full of wicked monsters, traps and great danger… It is even foretold that bountiful treasures lay lost within.
The realm portals are powered by magical crystals that are housed deep inside each of the perilous dungeons. It is said that these power sources are guarded by great and terrible beasts. Hero, if you can destroy all of these crystals and defeat the fiend behind the resurrection, the Crystal Castle will lose hold of its power and be banished from our world once and for all.
Time is running out... If the Crystal Castle is not destroyed soon, it will have harnessed enough power to release its evil upon the land and all will be lost.
Godspeed,
Chancellor Spritelington III
______________________________________________________________
This game can be made possible by contributions from players like you.
By providing me with your generous donations you will be helping breath life into the very soul of this game (assuming games have souls, if they don't, then you'll just be helping me create it).
Your donations will go towards the likes of acquiring the following:
One (possibly two) stellar programmer(s).
Another artist to help out with the work load.
A musician to create a rock 'n' original chiptune soundtrack.
The printing and shipping of the NES inspired Crystal Catacombs instruction manuals (totally radical).
A whizbang web dev to design a slick and professional Levels or Lives/Crystal Catacombs official website.
...Last but never least and arguably the most important factor in creating a independent game, your donations will be absolutely essential in providing the time necessary to develop this game in a productive and consistent manner. If I reach my funding goal, I can then officially go full-time with Crystal Catacombs. After that, I'll have everything I need to give you (and hopefully many others) the best game possible.
If funding goes above and beyond expectations then my next step would be to begin preparing Crystal Catacombs for being ported to new platforms... Naturally.
_________________________________________________
Concept Artwork Examples (from manual):
Created by Travis Reynolds
Hi. Sorry for the late reply. We are terribly busy, but appreciate your research as always.
LetsInvest: LetsInvest: Am I correct to say catapult is mainly for banks to adopt (or private companies to use private chains like mijin) and lesser for the benefit of the private individual cryptocurrency enthusiasts? Basically, like Ripple 2.0 because it allows existing financial institutions to get deeper into lower level management of funds, assets, accounts, and files?
Catapult is not mainly designed for banks.It does have a lot of great features for banks to utilize and we hope they are interested, but it seems like at the enterprise level more companies that are not banks are interested.
Really, Catapult is being designed to be broadly available for many different kinds of businesses and organizations to adopt.
As it for being like Ripple 2.0, we are happy that Catapult will offer a lot of options that Ripple doesn't, so we will see if that will be enough for banks to make the switch or not.
LetsInvest: LetsInvest: Is the intention for banks/ businesses to run on the main net or on private chains? So will the average harvester also process private chain txs and get paid in real XEM fees? How will private chains be run if no
Private chains will possibly be anchored to the mainnet or have cross chain capabilities enabled through the main chain, so even though they don't use XEM directly for transaction fees within their chain, they do in fact still contribute to the greater ecosystem.
I think the assumption is no bank will be using the main chain as its primary chain, but the hope is that the main chain will offer a little extra utility and some business or txs might be redirected through it. This would be the except, not the rule though, as one of the biggest benefits of a private chain is not having to pay fees to harvesters.
LetsInvest: LetsInvest: Is there any way for people to build applications that run on the NEM blockchain like there is with Ethereum? Could someone, for example, build Golem on NEM? I don't fully understand how the network will grow by private input on other projects because the smart contract system is either very different or not really in existence that I can tell anyway.
I know almost nothing about Golem, so I can't really speak to it directly, but I am guessing you have a Golem token and you use it to buy computer power. If so, then yes, of course, that can be built on NEM, and to be honest, it doesn't even need its own token or ICO. It could have been done directly with XEM. They could have probably built that project on Ethereum using ether actually, but… then how could they get a lot of money for an ICO?
We could be other networks on NEM too with special tokens or XEM for things like decentralized storage, but nobody has done it yet.
On a different note, there is a reason too. Decentralized computing power or decentralized storage just isn't a viable economic product. Because it is decentralized, you would never be able to get a product as reliable as what you would get from Amazon or Dropbox. Amazon and Dropbox already have some levels of redundancy and protection, and for a decentralized network to have the same level of reliability, it would have to have A LOT more redundancy than the centralized players. So a user will either end up paying the same amount for an inferior product with decentralization or pay a lot more for a product that is just as stable. AirBnB and Uber were able to tackle an industry with some gaps in their model. But distributed computing power and distributed storage is already been optimized for maximum efficiency in the centralized world. It is going to be really hard to find gaps in Dropbox's or Amazon's model.
Look at a decentralized model like the blockchain. It is sooooooo terribly inefficient and weak compared to a centralized database solution, but what it offers is an extreme level of security. For storing, money, people will be willing to deal with the decentralized drawbacks for the increased security, but for securing their family videos, or running a model 3D, they don't need high level of security, they want the cheapest, quickest, and easiest option. Amazon and Dropbox know that and have offered a service that is already finely tuned and optimized for that. Both Amazon and Dropbox have free tiers for smaller users, it is going to be hard for Golem or Storj to beat free, easy, and reliable.
If decentralized storage or computing power is viable on a decentralized network, you will just see Dropbox and Amazon move into that market, the same way that power companies offer people with solar panels a few pennies for directing electricity back into the grid. But I doubt we will see that as it doesn't make sense I am guessing.
jimgreen: jimgreen: I am a user, simply. I used NCC, NIS, NanoWallet, and buy XEM, hoping to make mosaic one day by myself. NEM can simply surpass Ethereum with this set of tools. BUT, these tools are not actively updating according to the Github record. The team is working on Catapult, which isn't open source, as I can't see the code on Github.
The devs have been working on Catapult for 1.5 years. The basic end to end system is finished. Now they are working on wallet support and adding extra features. It is a shame that nobody can see their hard work, which I promise you there has been a lot of. As far as I know, the plan for Catapult is to open source it on day one.
jimgreen: jimgreen: I really fail to see how a successful Catapult can increase the XEM price.
Catapult will be the new NEM code for both private and the public chain. We will upgrade the main chain and with it bring a lot of new features.
Crossbench deal-maker Nick Xenophon has defended helping the Turnbull government land its company tax cuts, saying his negotiated terms will improve power supply security, and help low-income earners pay their power bills.
Under attack from Labor and the Greens for the agreement secured on the sidelines of Parliament on Friday, Senator Xenophon said welfare recipients would get help with their winter power bills, while Australia's energy market would also be more effective.
The deal secured one-off payments to low income households worth $260 million and plans for a "power affordability and reliability policy", the details of which are yet to be announced. The government agreed to consider policies to bring unused gas fields online and to encourage more domestic gas supply.
"I did the best I could in the constrained set of circumstances... to put downward pressure on power prices and to comply with our Paris Agreement targets," he told ABC radio on Monday.
Defense, defense, defense.
Get used to saying it, Dolphins fans.
Because that'll be your team's focus this offseason, both in free agency and the draft.
They need help on that side of the ball, and they know it. They'll be active early in free agency, which unofficially kicks off this week in Indianapolis. Teams cannot legally speak with pending free agents' reps until next week, but teams still get an informal sense of the market at the NFL Scouting Combine.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
Mike Tannnebaum's M.O. is to fill holes in free agency, so he's not pigeonholed into drafting for need, at least early.
But that might not be possible this year; half the starting lineup on defense might be replaced.
The Dolphins have seven picks. Expect more than half of them on defense, including their first rounder, which Miami hasn't used on the defensive side of the ball since 2013 and has done so just three times in the last decade.
Here are 10 names to monitor this week. The Dolphins surely will be.
Georgia Southern quarterback Kevin Ellison, right, looks for an opening past Florida linebacker Jarrad Davis, left, and Dante Fowler Jr. (6) as he gets a block from Irving Huggins (22) during the first half of an NCAA college football game in Gainesville, Fla., Sat., Nov. 23, 2013. John Raoux AP photo
▪ Jarrad Davis, linebacker, Florida: This is a logical fit for the Dolphins in Round 1 if they're not sold on their revamped group of linebackers after free agency. The senior weak-side linebacker has long been linked to the Dolphins, and his build (6-2, 238) and production (17 tackles for loss his final two seasons at UF) are reasons why. Davis missed four games as a senior due to a series of injuries, but earned second-team all-conference honors nonetheless.
Michigan Wolverines linebacker Jabrill Peppers (5) watches during an NCAA college football game against Maryland, in Ann Arbor, Mich. To upset No. 2 Ohio State and win at the Horseshoe for the first time since 2000, Jabrill Peppers will probably have to make big plays for No. 3 Michigan on defense, offense and special teams. Paul Sancya AP Photo
▪ Jabrill Peppers, safety, Michigan: The NFL Draft is about luck nearly as much as it is about skill. The Dolphins got lucky last year when Laremy Tunsil's gas-mask bong video was leaked minutes before the draft, causing teams picking ahead of Miami to scatter. Could they get lucky again with Peppers, the do-everything Wolverine who is expected to come off the board before the Dolphins are on the clock?
North Carolina State tight end Jaylen Samuels (1) holds off Vanderbilt linebacker Zach Cunningham (41) for a first down pass reception in the first half of the Camping World Independence Bowl NCAA college football game in Shreveport, La., Mon., Dec. 26, 2016. North Carolina State won 41-17. Rogelio V. Solis AP Photo
▪ Zach Cunningham, linebacker, Vanderbilt: Draft analyst Lance Zierlein calls Cunningham a “play-making machine,” which has to sound sweet to a Dolphins coaching staff who got precious few plays out of their linebackers not named Kiko Alonso last year. Cunningham declared early after his 16.5 tackles for loss secured him a spot on the AP All-American first team as a junior.
Tennessee defensive end Derek Barnett sacks Kentucky quarterback Patrick Towles, left, during an NCAA college football game in Lexington, Ky. The matchup Saturday, Oct. 8, 2016, between No. 8 Texas A&M and No. 9 Tennessee potentially features two of the naton's top pass rushers in the Aggies' Myles Garrett and Barnett, assuming Garrett is healthy enough to play after sitting out last week's victory over South Carolina. Adam Lau AP Photo
▪ Derek Barnett, defensive end, Tennessee: Mock drafts before free agency should be taken with heaping spoonfuls of salt, but Barnett has been slotted to the Dolphins by more than a fewer mocker, including NFL Network's Daniel Jeremiah. Barnett produced from the moment he stepped on campus in Knoxville, recording nine sacks as a freshman, 10 as a sophomore and 13 as a junior.
Iowa defensive back Desmond King, left, runs from Maryland tight end Avery Edwards, while returning an interception 88-yards for a touchdown during the second half of an NCAA college football game, Sat., Oct. 31, 2015, in Iowa City, Iowa. Iowa won 31-15. Charlie Neibergall AP Photo
▪ Desmond King, safety, Iowa: King had a nearly impossible task in 2016 — follow up his Jim Thorpe Award-winning 2015 season with no drop off. The collegiate cornerback, who's projected to play safety in the NFL, still had three interceptions and broke up seven passes in his fourth year. The knock against King is his size and speed, so he'll need to run well in Indianapolis to ensure a first-round grade.
Kansas State defensive end Jordan Willis (75) knocks the ball from Baylor quarterback Zach Smith (4) as he pressures him late in the first half at McLane Stadium in Waco, Texas, on Sat., Nov. 19, 2016. K-State won, 42-21. Bo Rader Wichita Eagle/TNS
▪ Jordan Willis, defensive end, Kansas State: Sleeper Alert! Willis has been on the Dolphins' radar for some time, and believe he's better than a mid-round pick, as some have projected. Willis (6-4, 255) can really help himself with a strong week in Indy, and even force his way into the first round.
South squad center Ethan Pocic of LSU (77) runs on the field during the player introductions of the Senior Bowl NCAA college football game, Sat., Jan. 28, 2017, at Ladd-Peebles Stadium in Mobile, Ala. Butch Dill AP Photo
▪ Ethan Pocic, center/guard, LSU: Yes, the Dolphins will take an offensive player at some point draft weekend. Pocic, who can play anywhere on the interior, is as good a pick as any. He'd compete for starting job at guard this year, and possibly replace Mike Pouncey down the road.
Texas A&M defensive lineman Daeshon Hall, right, runs around Kansas State offensive lineman Dalton Risner, left, and running back Justin Silmon (32) during the first half of the Texas Bowl NCAA college football game, Wed., Dec. 28, 2016, in Houston. Eric Christian Smith AP Photo
▪ Daeshon Hall, defensive end, Texas A&M: Hall has played the Wide-9, so he'd be a scheme fit with Miami. The late-bloomer is only now growing into his body. Expect him to go on Day 2.
Florida linebacker Alex Anzalone (34) recovers a fumble by Missouri quarterback Drew Lock, left, after he was hit my defensive back Marcus Maye (20) during the second half of an NCAA college football game, Sat., Oct. 15, 2016, in Gainesville, Fla. Florida won 40-14. John Raoux AP Photo
▪ Alex Anzalone, linebacker, Florida: If the Dolphins don't land Davis, maybe they'll target his UF teammate. Anzalone couldn't stay healthy in college, but could be worth a flier in Round 4.
West right end Michael Roberts (82), of Toledo, runs with a reception during the first half of the East West Shrine football game Sat., Jan. 21, 2017, in St. Petersburg, Fla. Chris O'Meara AP Photo
▪ Michael Roberts, tight end, Toledo: The Julius Thomas trade took away some of the urgency of landing a tight end, but Roberts might make sense as a third-day project.
EVERYDAY IT SEEMS conspicuously obvious — at least to those whose brains have not been turned into tapioca pudding by “PC” brainwashing — that the Jew-owned media is actively working against the White race across the board. Be it politics, the family, sexes, morality, Christianity or even our very race's future in lands once considered our own White nations.
Just as obvious is the fact “african-americans” are becoming more and more violent, spoiled and militant daily. Everybody already knows deep down blacks are prone to criminality and violence (but are usually too chicken shit to say so out loud). All this is getting worse by the day. In fact, the USA is now turning into another South Africa for White people — where we suffer horribly brutal deaths at the hands of animals.
Could it be that Big Jewry is trying to instigate a race war in America, so they can roll out all the cool toys the “war on terror” has given them? And what better way to hide the inevitable collapse of the fiat money house of cards and replace the US dollar as the world's reserve currency if everybody is so distracted?
You might just be sitting there blowing this off, like this is nothing but the ravings of an Internet loon. But here's the thing: It is indeed a very real possibility, especially in light of all the suppressed history of the last hundred years or so. Besides sucking on our labors as wage slaves, this kind of people have absolutely zero concern about the lives of all us niggers out here in nigger land. When it comes to their Globalist shenanigans, piles of dead corpses mean nothing to these people. Never have.
These mothers have been getting rich off us killing each other for centuries!
The spoiled black race is clearly getting egged on by the mass media owned by Big, Zionist Jewry and militant, corrupt blacks themselves (look at Reverend Sharpton). And just like the liberal mainstream media, the so-called “conservative” FOX News covers the Trayvon Martin business as well as basically suppressing stories on criminal assaults on innocent White people everywhere.
Ask yourself why FOX never reports on what is truly going on in places like South Africa? Hell, all the Jew-owned mainstream media (regardless of what FOX says, they are, too) immediately drops any story should the perp be black and the victim a White person. Why do you think they spend so much time on White crime stories, some goes back decades?
Big Jewry want things to start rolling soon and are now trying to speed it up without too many of us noticing “The Hidden Hand.” Why? Basically, they can't allow us Whites (or any other race for that matter) to “get it” about them before they start the “Big Ball” on our asses.
The thing they absolutely don't want us to get, is them. That might mean the end to their little schemes of world domination.
The more commoners out here who are Pro-White and Jew-aware, the more the proletariat could be local allies when they bring down a bona fide Police State and the real revolution starts up in earnest. Think of the hearts and minds program in Vietnam. If the people know about “them” and are openly against them, it very well may mean a domino reaction occurs and they lose control across the board, not only in America but everywhere else as well.
These people have been playing a giant chess game against the Goyim for over a hundred years at least, and virtually all of us don't have a clue we are pawns in a game. They've understood the power of the mass media and slowly worked to control it across the board while they used “egalitarian” motives to render their race invisible and keep Whites from coming together (i.e. the “PC” mindset). Should the proles get it and it spreads like a wildfire in the population, all bets are off.
Jewry has not only agents embedded in politics, finances and media, but also in our religious organizations and even within pro-White groups. Yep. Sure, these people are not getting top secret instructions from Big Jewry itself (which would be too prone to discovery), but each are working on an individual basis for Jewry over-all. Jews have always loved subversive behavior and imagine themselves as little 007's for the Tribe.
“The Rebbe said to me, ‘I want you to know that in every battle there are certain people who have to dress up like the enemy, and they have to go into the enemy's territory, and their own co-religionists will think that they are turncoats; that they've become rebels, but without those people the battle can't be won, and you [Rabbi Shlomo Riskin] will win the war … you must produce shluchim [agents] for the entire world who are modern on the outside and Chabad on the inside.'”
— Rabbi Shlomo Riskin
Just stop and think a minute: You know how they always blow off the Jew business by calling it nothing but “conspiracy theory?” Well, there has been plenty of smart White people who have figured these people out, going way back to the earliest days.
They might not know everything, nor might they be willing to say the “J-word” openly, but they have been trying to get our attention from the beginning. And it's not just a one or two people, like Henry Ford or Adolf Hitler, either. Lots of folks have been cued in on the real power structure — you just don't hear about it because they don't want you to know.
“The real menace of our Republic is the invisible government which like a giant octopus sprawls its slimy legs over our cities, states and nation. At the head is a small group of banking houses generally referred to as ‘international bankers.' This little coterie… run our government for their own selfish ends. It operates under cover of a self-created screen, seizes our executive officers, legislative bodies, schools, courts, newspapers and every agency created for the public protection.”
— John F. Hylan (1868-1936) – Mayor of New York City (1918-1925)
My feeling is what's going on now, wasn't planned to happen for a few years. Maybe five. But they are now fast-tracking things because too many of us are waking up due to the Internet and the possibility of Iran getting the Big One. They can't allow their precious long-term Israel project to be threatened with WMD retaliation from the Persians; especially since they also planned to increase the size of Israel during the next stage of Global domination.
This is what's behind all the “Arab Spring” business. They wanted to stir things up and change the playing field in advance of the next stage. They believe the nation of Israel should in fact be “Eretz Israel” and stretch from the east bank of the Nile to the Euphrates river in Iraq.
They are now laying the groundwork for all this in advance of the next stage. They will utilize political unrest over Obama, economic collapse, social destruction and general “2012 End-of-the-world” stuff to mask themselves for as long as they can.
They know what they have planned for next will be impossible to hide under any normal circumstances, so they need to create bigger issues to distract the populace. The handwriting is on the wall.
I believed the targeted date for the merging of the Western world under Jewish Marxist control was planned for sometime in the 2015-2020 range, with the North American Union the first step. But now I think they've decided to hold back on the NAU until the bigger things, since this was alerting the masses too fast.
They've decided on racial unrest, probably as an excuse to dramatically censor the Internet of any Whites who get it, which will soon be followed by strict gun control — actually meant to disarm White people in America (they've already accomplished that in Britain, Canada and Australia). Remember, they create “the problem” and use it as an excuse to do what they want under the cover of “the solution.”
However these people do it to America, you had better prepare yourselves. And not only stockpiling food and arming up, but alerting those around you. You simply must tell people where all this is going, so they too can get ready.
Forget all the bull about “Nazis conspiricies” and end of the world stuff, like solar storms and alien invasion. The truth has always been staring us right in the face: Stinking, subversive International Jewry.
Hate to break it to you.
— Phillip Marlowe
Like this: Like Loading...
Editor's Note:
Will Obama Be Defeated? Vote Here!
Editor's Note:
Will Obama Be Defeated? Vote Here!
The Justice Department is investigating whether Las Vegas Sands Corp., owned by high-profile Republican donor Sheldon Adelson, broke federal law by failing to report millions of dollars of potentially laundered money transferred to its casinos by two high-rolling Las Vegas gamblers, according to the Wall Street Journal.The U.S. attorney's office in Los Angeles is investigating deposits made in the mid-2000s by a Mexican pharmaceutical businessman, later indicted for drug trafficking in 2007, and a California executive with Fry's Electronics, who later pleaded guilty to taking illegal kickbacks, the newspaper said, citing lawyers and federal officials working on the case.The Journal said there were no indications that the investigation included actions by Adelson, Sands' chief executive and a major political donor for the Republican Party. Adelson has pledged to spend as much as $100 million to help Republican candidates in this election cycle.Federal investigators have begun focusing on casinos amid concerns that the industry's lax financial systems could be used for money laundering and other illegal activities, according to Justice Department officials cited by the Journal.Sands Corp. did not immediately return calls from the Associated Press on Sunday. A company spokesman, Ron Reese, told the Journal that the company believes "it has acted properly and has not committed any wrongdoing."Chinese-born Mexican businessman Zhenli Ye Gon transferred about $85 million to casinos owned by Sands in the middle of the last decade. He lost more than $125 million at Vegas casinos, according to an affidavit cited by the Journal.Federal prosecutors say Ye Gon's use of Mexican exchange houses should have been a warning sign of suspicious activity to Sands employees. In July 2007, Ye Gon was indicted in the U.S. on charges of trafficking the illegal stimulant methamphetamine. The drug charges were dismissed in 2009, but Ye Gon is scheduled to be extradited to Mexico to face additional trafficking and laundering charges there.The Justice Department is also investigating more than $100 million in money transfers by another Las Vegas high roller, Ausaf Umar Siddiqui, who was previously a vice president at Fry's Electronics. Siddiqui was arrested in 2009 for accepting illegal kickbacks. He pleaded guilty to the charges and is serving a six-year prison sentence.
If climate change is gradually heating up the world's oceans – and it is, according to the bulk of peer-reviewed research – then couldn't we take some of that heat energy out and use it to replace fossil fuels? It's well understood that oceans, lakes and rivers hold tremendous potential as a renewable energy source. We can harness mechanical energy from moving water, be it the flow of a river or ocean tide, the drop from Niagara Falls, or the up and down motion of ocean waves.
But in addition to mechanical energy, there is also a tremendous amount of thermal energy in our oceans. In fact, when light from the sun hits the Earth about 80 per cent of this solar energy ends up getting stored in our oceans – particularly in the upper layers around the tropics. The idea of tapping into that heat to produce electricity has been around for more than a century. Serbian-American engineer Nikola Tesla proposed the concept in an essay published in 1931, though he wasn't convinced at the time that so-called ocean thermal energy conversion (OTEC) could ever be practical. Technology and time, however, has a way of surprising us, and for the past several decades researchers have been making incremental improvements to the process. Among them are scientists at advanced technology and defence company Lockheed Martin, which in the 1970s built a small OTEC system that ran for several months and generated enough electricity to power 20 homes.
Article Continued Below
More recently, Lockheed is thinking big. It is in the final design stage for construction of an OTEC pilot plant off the coast of Hawaii that will be capable of generating 10 megawatts of clean baseload electricity. The company hopes to have that pilot plant in operation in 2013, possibly earlier. By 2015 it figures it can build commercial-sized plants, about 100 megawatts or greater. “I dream of thousands of floating OTEC ships roaming the seas of the world providing an inexhaustible supply of clean energy and fuel and water for all people of the world,” says Dr. Ted Johnson, director of alternative energy development at Lockheed. He says “fuel” and “water” because the electricity produced from these systems could be used to power desalination plants or to turn water into hydrogen through electrolysis. The OTEC process relies on basic thermodynamic principles. Warm surface seawater is piped through a heat exchanger. A second pipe filled with ammonia fluid passes through the centre of the heat exchanger and absorbs the heat extracted from the water. Ammonia fluid boils at a low temperature – minus 33 degrees C – so when exposed to heat it quickly vaporizes and expands. This expansion drives a turbine that generates electricity that can be carried to shore through an underwater transmission cable. After the ammonia passes through the turbine it is directed to a second heat exchanger where very cold ocean water pumped from the deep condenses the vapour back into fluid.
The ammonia keeps circulating in an endless cycle—absorbing heat, turning into gas, driving a turbine, then dumping the heat and turning back into fluid. The greater the differential between surface water temperature and deep ocean temperature the greater the efficiency of the system. That's why OTEC is initially being targeted at Hawaii and nations of the Pacific Rim, including Taiwan, India and Australia. For example, the average water surface temperature in the tropics can exceed 25 degrees C, but if you go down 1,000 metres the temperature can be as low as 5 degrees C. That 20-degree differential is enough to power an OTEC system, but the key is to do it economically on a large enough scale to matter. If we can, says Johnson, “it will change the game in energy forever.”
Article Continued Below
Not to sound sceptical, but I've heard that one before. We can only hope. Of course, the oceans aren't the only source of heat for generating electricity or warming our buildings. Industrial facilities and power plants give off tremendous amounts of waste heat, and there is plenty of opportunity to capture and put that heat to better use. We also take heat directly from the sun, as well as from the ground. Geothermal power plants that tap into hot temperatures kilometres below the surface are widespread and growing. OTEC, however, adds just another clean energy source to the growing list of options that will help wean us from carbon-based energy sources. It might not be ideal for Canada, but its potential on a global scale is compelling. Lockheed isn't talking cost, which really means the cost is way too high right now to discuss. But with further research and experience in building these ocean energy platforms, the company thinks it can make the technology commercially viable. After all, we already build massive offshore oil rigs that do nothing but pump oil and natural gas from the depths of the ocean. With OTEC, all we're doing is pumping heat instead – but without the years and great expense involved with exploration and drilling. Tyler Hamilton writes weekly about green energy and clean technologies. Contact him at tyler@cleanbreak.ca
Abshir Boyah is one of Somalia's pirate chieftains. Last spring, he took me to lunch at a small restaurant directly across the street from the presidential palace of the Puntland semiautonomous regional government. Boyah has hijacked dozens of ships and is a member of a secretive council of pirates called “The Corporation.” He is six foot four, very thin, with a long, handsome face, brilliant white teeth, and a booming, supremely confident laugh.
The minute we walked into the restaurant, he was surrounded by admirers. Before we sat down at a plastic table for our meal of spaghetti and camel meat, Boyah must have shaken half a dozen hands. He seemed to have excellent relations with high-ranking officials in the Puntland “government”—a limited, clan-based authority in northern Somalia—including a police commander who sat next to him and called him “cousin.” Boyah joked that his eating with white men was like “the cat eating with the mice.” It was becoming clear that Boyah was not simply operating in the open. In this part of Somalia, he was a celebrity.
Boyah and his comrades (many, in true pirate spirit, have distinctive nicknames: Big Mouth, White Butt, Small Butt, Silver Tooth, Red Teeth, Abdi the Liar) are brash, candid, and surprisingly accessible—most Somali pirate gangs even have an official pirate spokesman. By their own admission, they are driven by one thing only: cash. But the flourishing criminal enterprise they have built along some of the world's busiest shipping lanes has had a wider effect. Nothing in recent years has grabbed international attention and focused it squarely on Somalia—not famines, relentless civil war, or even the first American suicide bomber, who blew himself up in Somalia last year—more than the true-life tales of twenty-first-century buccaneers who swing grappling hooks over the sides of the largest ships in the sea, climb on board dripping wet and heavily armed, and hold crews hostage for months, until millions of dollars in ransom are literally dropped from the sky.
For the past twenty years, since its central government collapsed, Somalia has become one of the prime examples in modern history of a country without a state. Nothing seems to work. Not American soldiers storming ashore in 1992 to take on the warlords (they left two years later, deeply humiliated by the “Black Hawk Down” fiasco). Not the seven thousand African Union peacekeepers who fight in the ruined streets of Mogadishu today. Hundreds of thousands of lives have been lost to starvation and war. And the violence keeps mounting, most recently in what is ostensibly a religious war between a moderate Islamist government that gets millions of dollars of Western aid but controls almost no territory and a radical Islamist insurgency egged on by al-Qaeda. Deep-seated clan rivalries and war profiteers…
Sooo (this is totally hypothetical) you me and scarlet jo and 7 exotic birds (preferably toucans) are having breakfast at the hotel diner — Martellus Bennett (@MartysaurusRex) March 25, 2015
Last night was mad crazy. Hence the birds. We all order honey butter biscuits egg whites turkey bacon and a beer. Scarlet is checking you — Martellus Bennett (@MartysaurusRex) March 25, 2015
And you're digging her raspy voice. Kind of like talking to a sexy pirate woman. And who doesn't like sexy pirate woman. You both reach for — Martellus Bennett (@MartysaurusRex) March 25, 2015
The salt at the same time. You touch hands. You're totally having a moment. Then a blind gang burst into the diner and says put your hands — Martellus Bennett (@MartysaurusRex) March 25, 2015
Up. I giggle. You guys aren't moving your hands. The touch is magical. then one of the blind gang members says we're going to rob you blind — Martellus Bennett (@MartysaurusRex) March 25, 2015
Which I don't know if it's literal or metaphorical so I giggle. It's funny. But this pisses em off. And they shoot 6 of the Toucans. — Martellus Bennett (@MartysaurusRex) March 25, 2015
The last one goes crazy..... To be continued. I hope you guys have a great morning. — Martellus Bennett (@MartysaurusRex) March 25, 2015
“@JaYbaKe: @MartysaurusRex does the breakfast include Fruit Loops?” If you want fruit loops you'll have to leave the table. Lol — Martellus Bennett (@MartysaurusRex) March 25, 2015
Never miss the latest news from TexAgs! Join our free email list
The younger Bennett brother had a thought on Wednesday.That thought became a question.That question ... well, whatever it became, he shared it with all of us.Whether you'd call this a riddle or a story or a lucid dream he didn't realize he was typing, Marty B sent out a series of tweets meant to make you think. We think. And it's got everything....Thoughts?
The announcement of the new more-rightwing-than-ever Israeli government presents a particular crisis for American liberal Zionists. These hopeful people have been telling us for years that Israel is a good country that can save itself. But the country appears to be willfully driving itself off the rails of world opinion, with the emphatic election results in March followed by the announcement of a government committed to annexing the West Bank and crippling Israeli human rights groups.
“This government's makeup is the most reactionary in Israel's history,” Peace Now says bracingly.
The big question going forward is what the liberal Zionists are prepared to do about Israeli intransigence. Their best hope, they say, is that the government will soon fall because it is so narrow, a one-seat majority in the Knesset. But the Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions movement (BDS) and Palestinian solidarity movement will certainly be empowered by this new coalition; and some liberal Zionists may want to jump on those bandwagons.
But let's hear some of the reactions from liberal Zionists. First, an excerpt from Americans for Peace Now's statement:
Americans for Peace Now (APN) is expressing deep concern for the new government's impact on Israel's future as a democracy and a Jewish state. APN's President and CEO Debra DeLee said: “This government, based on the ideology of its members, is bound to act to further hinder the viability of a two-state solution, to further exacerbate Israel's isolation internationally, to intensify West Bank settlement construction, promote undemocratic legislation and act to stifle dissent.
DeLee is calling on Netanyahu to become a moderate.
“This government's makeup is the most reactionary in Israel's history. Because it is so narrow – with a majority of only one seat – its most extreme members are well-positioned to dictate extremist policies. Prime Minister Netanyahu, who paved the way to this coalition before the elections and during the coalition negotiations, will be tested by his ability to block reckless policies and legislative initiatives of extremist outliers in his coalition. Eventually, Netanyahu will be held accountable for the actions and rhetoric of his cabinet members.
Peace Now also says it has “its work cut out for us.” It's not clear what that means. And yesterday Israel's Defense Minister said Israel can't be concerned about civilian casualties in Gaza and Lebanon and it might nuke Iran:
In response to a question about Iran, [Moshe] Yaalon said that “in certain cases” when “we feel like we don't have the answer by surgical operations” Israel might take “certain steps” such as the Americans did in “Nagasaki and Hiroshima, causing at the end the fatalities of 200,000.”
Jeremy Ben-Ami of J Street is deeply upset too. He sent out a frank letter to supporters after spending yesterday in the Knesset.
The result is a government of the far right, whose policies and vision for Israel's future are diametrically opposed to the vision of what many of us in the American Jewish community and in Israel believe is necessary to ensure Israel's security and its democratic and Jewish future.
He also describes the crushing of any Palestinian state.
All signs point to a government that will be committed to unbridled expansion of settlements over the Green Line and throughout the West Bank… [quoting the Times of Israel] “The nationalist-religious settler movement would effectively gain control of all the institutions that affect its public life.”
Dylan Williams of J Street is also frank:
Netanyahu's public renunciation of a 2-state solution during his campaign is shared by the vast majority of his new cabinet –
Jonathan Glick:
Who in his new cabinet *does* believe in land-for-peace?
Ilan Goldenberg, formerly of the State Department, now at a DC liberal thinktank, points out that the new government will put wind under the Palestinian statehood initiative:
This Israeli govt will present a compelling diplomatic target for the Palestinians and their push in international organisations
Yossi Alpher at Peace Now predicted this a couple days ago:
It will apparently be the first coalition since 1967 whose guidelines say absolutely nothing about the Palestinian issue–so low is the issue on coalition partners' order of priorities and strategic horizon.
The United States government is obviously concerned. Alpher:
Two warnings that the US expects the next Israeli government to recommit to the two-state principle were issued in the past ten days–by National Security Adviser Susan Rice and by Undersecretary of State Wendy Sherman. The cause for US concern is Netanyahu's election-eve announcement that no Palestinian state will be created on his watch. The prime minister's retraction a day later did not convince anyone. Now Netanyahu is about to preside over a right-wing settler government that apparently doesn't even intend to mention the Palestinian issue in its guidelines…
In June a bunch of liberal Zionists will be in Columbus, Ohio, to hold a conference with liberal Christians like Churches for Middle East Peace on seeking peace in the holy land. I have to believe that a number of folks at that conference will endorse Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions in some form. How long can liberals sit on their hands?
Liberal Zionist Peter Beinart described the crisis after the election,
The American Jewish establishment will never admit that its theory of change has been discredited. It will go on insisting, no matter how laughable that insistence becomes, that Israel is serious about creating a Palestinian state.
And called for a pressure campaign distinct from the BDS movement:
Our principle should be this: Support any pressure that is nonviolent and consistent with Israel's right to exist. That means backing Palestinian bids at the United Nations. It means labeling and boycotting settlement goods. It means joining and amplifying nonviolent Palestinian protest in the West Bank
But Beinart wrote a book about the crisis three years ago, The Crisis of Zionism. And how long can a crisis last before a movement must make a realistic choice, and give up the old ways of dealing with things? Will Peace Now quit the board of the rightwing Conference of Presidents, which endorses the occupation of Jerusalem?
Of course, anti-Zionists feel vindicated today because they anticipated this government: they see the fascistic strains in the “Jewish democracy” so this coalition is no surprise. As Ali Abunimah tweeted, “Nakba denier @naftalibennett who's proud of killing Arabs named as Israel's new Minister of Incitement (education).” Max Blumenthal tweets a report:
New Netanyahu coalition reportedly puts the Prawer Plan for ethnic cleansing back on the table
The Prawer Plan calls for moving more than 30,000 Palestinians off their lands. And yesterday settlers took over another house in Silwan, Jerusalem, according to Peace Now. It never stops. The U.S. never does anything.
And this is all going according to Netanyahu's plans, Yossi Alpher says. He is playing us with Iran:
a narrow right-wing coalition is what Netanyahu wants; he has consciously flouted the option of a centrist government with Labor, one that could persuade the international community and Israel's neighbors that he is interested in moving forward on the Palestinian issue. Apparently, he reasons that he can continue to string along the administration in its final 18 months with the help of a friendly Congress and by playing off the Iran issue against pressures regarding Palestine.
Look at Netanyahu meeting yesterday with a bipartisan coalition of Congresspeople. Jeez.
First Lady Michelle Obama reads 'The Cat in the Hat' to high school seniors. (Just a joke) UPI/Alexis C. Glenn | License Photo
WASHINGTON, Nov. 18 (UPI) -- U.S. 12th graders improved reading and math skills since 2005 but don't read as well as their counterparts did in 1992, an educational appraisal indicates.
Students scored an average of 288 out of 500 points in reading comprehension, two points better than in 2005 level but four points below the 1992 average of 292, the 2009 National Assessment of Educational Progress said Thursday.
Thirty-eight percent of 12th graders scored at or above "proficient" in reading and 26 percent scored that well in math, said the report, known as the Nation's Report Card.
"Today's report suggests that high school seniors' achievement in reading and math isn't rising fast enough to prepare them to succeed in college and careers," U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan said in a statement.
White and Asian and Pacific Islander students made gains in reading since 2005 but no racial, ethnic or gender group has shown significant changes in scores since 1992. Asian students scored an average of 298 points in reading in 2009, higher than any other group.
Students attending suburban schools scored higher on average than those attending schools elsewhere.
West Virginia showed the lowest overall scores for math and reading among 11 pilot states that volunteered in a pilot program to show results by state -- although black students in West Virginia scored higher than black students in any other state.
Reading scores in seven pilot states -- Connecticut, Idaho, Illinois, Massachusetts, New Hampshire and South Dakota -- were higher than the national average.
McDonald's Monopoly Sweepstakes is back, and with it comes worse odds of winning than the lottery. While it's not too difficult to win a free apple pie or large fries, the chances of winning the $1 million grand prize are one in three billion.
Along with instant food prizes, the game also includes collectible Monopoly property that can be combined for larger prizes. The fast food restaurant explained in a statement about the sweepstakes:
“Our customer's favorite promotion, Monopoly at McDonald's, is still going strong. With cash, Fiat vehicles, trips to the Super Bowl, the Beats by Dre Pill, and your chance to win a $1 million prize on a Big Mac, this summer will be more fun than ever at McDonald's!”
Cash prizes will range from $50 to $1 million and there are 500 Fiat vehicles up for grabs as well. But that doesn't mean that you have good chances at winning the big prizes. While the odds of winning a prize at the in-store game are one in four, the probabilities of getting all the spaces you need are much smaller.
For example, while a customer has a one in 10 chance of getting Baltic Avenue, they have just a one in 100,000 change of getting Mediterranean Avenue. In essence, that makes most of the property pieces worthless, since only one game piece from each set is needed to win the prize.
If you have your heart set on winning McDonald's Monopoly this summer, Business Insider has a list of the properties you absolutely shouldn't trade away. They include Mediterranean Ave, Vermont Ave, Virginia Ave, and others. As for odds? Finding Boardwalk Avenue is one in 600 million. The odds of winning the Powerball are one in 175 million.
The McDonald's Monopoly pieces will appear on many menu favorites, such as the BicMac, chicken McNuggets, Large Fries, Sausage McMuffin with Egg, and others. The full list is here.
Do you plan on playing this year's McDonald's Monopoly Sweepstakes?
Republicans are seeking to paint Democrats as the "party of no" to help dig themselves out of a hole on the government shutdown.
The effort is aimed at softening the political blow of the shutdown while buying Speaker John Boehner John Andrew BoehnerEx-GOP lawmaker joins marijuana trade group Crowley, Shuster moving to K Street On unilateral executive action, Mitch McConnell was right — in 2014 MORE (R-Ohio) time to figure out an end game.
ADVERTISEMENT
Polls show more people are blaming the GOP for the shutdown than the White House, but Republicans think their work on a stream of bills that would fund specific parts of the government is helping them build a narrative of Democratic intransigence.On Saturday, the House will vote to provide back pay to the 800,000 federal workers furloughed by the shutdown, another step meant to cast Republicans as the party proposing solutions to the shutdown.“Republicans have figured out a strategy, by sending rifle-shot bills to open different parts of the government, that has put Democrats into a box of saying no. By voting no repeatedly it allows Republicans an excellent messaging opportunity of painting Democrats as refusing to negotiate,” says Ron Bonjean, a top GOP strategist.A number of Republicans who have talked to House leadership in recent days say privately they largely stumbled into the strategy, and that there is no plan for how to end the shutdown.But they argue that by continuing their line of attack, the GOP can prevent major damage to its brand while seeking to win concessions from President Obama and Democrats on the shutdown and the debt ceiling.“They threw some seeds into the field and it kind of worked,” said Republican strategist Andrew Shore. “This strategy of opening up particular parts of the government and the president threatening to veto these rifle-shot bills makes him look intransigent.”The GOP remains in a tough spot, however.Two polls out late in the week found the public is blaming Republicans for the shutdown. A Fox News poll found 42 percent of voters blaming the GOP, with 32 blaming Democrats, while a CBS poll found the split at 44 percent to 35 percent.But a 10-point gap isn't necessarily disastrous, and GOP leaders seem to feel comfortable with standing firm.“While no one can predict with certainty how the current shutdown will be resolved, I am confident that if we keep advancing common-sense solutions to the problems created by the shutdown that Senate Democrats and President Obama will eventually agree to meaningful discussions that would allow us to ultimately resolve this impasse,” House Majority Leader(R-Va.) said in a letter to his GOP colleagues on Thursday.“The American people have elected a divided government and they expect us to work together and they will not countenance one party simply refusing to negotiate.”The GOP strategy of passing individual funding bills seems to have put pressure on vulnerable House Democrats, and some of them have broken with their party to cast “yes” votes.“Campaign ads are already being written every time a vulnerable Democrat votes no,” Bonjean said.But there are no signs that President Obama and Senate Democrats are backing down from their insistence that the government must be funded in a single bill.“I'm happy to have negotiations but we can't do it with a gun held to the head of the American people,” Obama said Friday.While Democrats broadly agree they have the upper hand in the fight, some strategists in the party say there is a real risk that the “no negotiation” position could backfire."Democrats have to be very careful of not being perceived as being unwilling to talk,” said Democratic strategist Dough Thornell. “It's a slight but important message adjustment to say they do want to negotiate around the budget, to sit at the table, and Republicans haven't done that.”Still, Republican strategists say the narrative that Democrats are being unreasonable will only be effective for a short time, since the GOP is broadly perceived as the party against government.“That's fine as a short-term back and forth but to most Americans it looks like the kind of partisan gamesmanship that drives everyone crazy about Washington,” said one Republican pollster who's been in discussions with GOP leadership. “It's a short-term move to buy some time, but it doesn't address the fundamental problem.”Kristen Soltis Anderson, a GOP pollster whose company countsas a client, agreed that the GOP's messaging challenge is “very tough.”“The way they soften the blow is what Speaker Boehner has been doing, continue to go through plans B, C, D, and E, that's gotten Democrats to say they won't compromise,” Anderson said.“That's the best case for Republicans, to be saying they'll compromise and Democrats have not. But what's the endgame?”
According to the 2007 MUFON Report, a "mysterious" AF Colonel and Rick Doty contacted Moore initially in September of 1980. Taking this date into consideration, RU researchers decided to dig further back into the ongoing activities of the U.S. Air Force during this time period, and any place where the same philosophy might have appeared prior to making its way to Moore in 1980. An obvious place to look would be the Air Force just before, and just after, 1980. The question was – where to start?
As we previously reported, the 2005 article Hawk Tales by Bruce Maccabee was written as a supplement to Robert Collins' 2005 book Exempt from Disclosure , and it provides a number of important clues.
This article includes references to names and events that took place at Wright Patterson Air Force Base in 1979 and earlier. According to Maccabee's 1985 interview with Kellerstrass (Hawk), Kellerstrass claims that Dale Graff shared an entire litany of alien/MJ-12 stories with him while they both served on the base in 1978-1979. At the same time, Dale Graff was working very closely with SRI and Hal Puthoff on highly classified remote viewing research.
We eventually interviewed Dale Graff and learned that, at the time of those late-night "gee wiz" speculative conversations, Kellerstrass had only limited knowledge of the RV projects Dale and Hal were working on. Dale admitted that, at the time, he repeatedly met with his supervisor, Dr. Anthony Cacioppo, to discuss the classified remote viewing research. When asked if he'd attended any "highly classified meetings" with Dr. Cacioppo at the time, would those likely have been the Remote Viewing work? "Absolutely," Dale answered. At the same time Dr. Cacioppo, and to a limited degree Dale Graff as well, were also involved in Project Blue Book work going on at the base before the Project was ended. Kellerstrass reported to Maccabee that Dale and Cacioppo were meeting with a "secret committee" to discuss the issue of UFOs. UFO believer groups would later label this committee as "MJ-12."
Maccabee states in his introduction that Kellerstrass was “One of the main sources of information" for Exempt from Disclosure .
In the interview, Kellerstrass claims that Dale Graff, as early as 1978, was privately feeding Kellerstrass the same exact themes and ideas (the “Philosophy” as described in the 2007 MUFON document) that would eventually make their way into the early 80's versions of the MJ-12 documents, and eventually, Project Serpo in 2005 as well. This philosophy was injected and mixed up with the common UFO "lore" that Moore and Shandera were already feeding Doty. Their Roswell/UFO stories were taken, injected with the philosophy, and recycled back to the UFO community.
In 1978, Ernie claims that Dale Graff told him about:
(1) A secret book containing information about an “EBE” (Extra-terrestrial Biological Entity) and multiple alien races.
(2) Early history of humanity from 10,000 years ago to the time of Christ, suggesting Christ as a central theme.
(3) Captured Alien Craft/Technology and Bodies/Prisoners.
(4) Aliens as vegetarians.
(5) Their star-system having a double-star, or double-sun.
However 1979 wasn't Dale's first interaction with SRI – according to Paul Smith's chronology, in 1975 Air Force FTD became the “primary funder” of the SRI research program, with Dale Graff supervising. If true, this implies a close relationship between Dale Graff and Harold Puthoff, starting in 1975. By 1979, this relationship would have been at least 4 years old, and Dale was soon to become a very important figure in the government's Remote Viewing research.
Shortly after these alleged Dale-Ernie conversations in 1979, the "mysterious" AF Colonel, Rick Doty and others contacted Ufologist and author Bill Moore in September of 1980.
The Philosophy Spreads, Travels from Wright Patterson 1979 to MJ-12 1980s
By 1981, Doty had revealed to Moore the information about crashed saucers and dead aliens which were all compiled in the original “Aquarius” document. The “philosophy” of this document bears striking resemblance to the “philosophy” Dale Graff was feeding Ernie Kellerstrauss during 1978/1979.
In 1980 Rick Doty began actively distributing these same ideas to Moore, and later to Howe. Obviously, at least these two men, Doty and Graff, were reading from the same book and following the same plot. The real question is, was that plot provided to them from outside individuals?
As Moore pointed out (quote from the MUFON document):
“I do know from first-hand experience that there was a tremendous amount of government disinformation involved, and that a large proportion of what we are hearing today about malevolent aliens, underground bases and secret treaties with the U.S. government has its roots firmly planted in the Bennewitz affair. Stories of an alleged UFO crash at Aztec, New Mexico, are also a part of this picture….
[snip]
And, since connections can be shown to exist between those who are spreading it now and those who were spreading it then, both from the Bennewitz angle and from within the intelligence community, it seems reasonable to assume that those responsible for it are not satisfied that their task has been completed, even after all this time…. The real question is ‘Why?'"
Moore draws the premature and erroneous conclusion that what Doty provided to him was government disinformation. The truth is, the disinformation could just as easily have been a group effort from a private group outside of the authority or knowledge of the U.S. government. Are these individuals still actively trying to distribute this same philosophy? The 2005 Project Serpo debacle tells us that this is so.
The Contemporary Release of the "Philosophy"
This time, the same group who released the earlier MJ-12 documents attempted to use the technology of the Internet to distribute the same meme again, nearly 25 years after they started the effort in 1980. That attempt to utilize the power of the Internet is ultimately what led to their demise. The group which RU researchers discovered actively distributing Serpo related materials included the same folks who were central figures in the MJ12/Aquarius activity with Moore/Pratt/Shandera….that group included, in part, Robert Collins and Rick Doty. But this time, through a counter-intelligence initiative conducted against the group by Reality Uncovered investigators, additional members of those involved alongside Doty were finally revealed. Two of these individuals included Dr. Harold Puthoff and Dr. Christopher (Kit) Green.
Those were only the "semi-public" individuals who portrayed themselves as only involved with "investigating" the releases alongside those individuals who were chosen (by allegedly "anonymous" sources) to release the information via email and the web. Their (Green and Puthoff's) intention was to remain "under the radar," during the releases. The non-public members of the group consist of a satellite group of ex-intelligence and ex-military men – all collaborating to inject various parts of this story into the field of Ufology. These satellite “agents” include: James Angleton Jr., an Arizona group which may or may not include a J. Lackey, and other individuals who may be posing as fake email identities (either real stolen names, or fake ones entirely) including a Paul McGovern, Gene Lakes, Herb Milton (no longer active), and Tamara Linden. One involved individual even falsely presented himself, in person, at a UFO conference as Paul McGovern. There may still be additional individuals involved as well.
Serpo – More of the Same
The general theme of the storyline coming from Dale Graff in 1979, and Rick Doty in 1980 are now clear. The Aquarius document and MJ12 stories originated from the same place and had the same themes, the “Philosophy” that MUFON investigators recognized from the MJ12 information, and the following ideology that came from Graff/Kellerstrass. All of those sources seek to promote the same philosophy.
(1) A secret book containing information about “EBE”, multiple alien races
(2) Early history from 10,000 years ago to the time of Christ
(3) Captured Alien Craft and Bodies/Prisoners (Genetic Engineering)
(4) Aliens as vegetarians
(5) Their star-system having a double-star, or double-sun.
In 2005, we discovered the same story recycled under the new name Project Serpo:
Original “Anonymous” posting November 2005 (Crashed Alien Ship and “Prisoner”):
“One live entity [EBE] was found hiding behind a rock. The entity was given water but declined food. The entity was later transferred to Los Alamos.”
Posted by “Anonymous” November 4, 2005 (Double-Sun):
“The planet had two suns but their angles were small and allowed some darkness on the planet depending on one's location.”
Posted by “Anonymous” November 7, 2005 (Secret Book about “EBE” containing information about multiple Alien races – genetic manipulation also used as a theme)
“The "Red Book" lists nine different visitors . We determined recently that some of the visitors were the same type of race but a "mechanical lifeform." They were hybrid beings that were created in a laboratory rather than by natural birth.”
Posted by “Anonymous” November 9, 2005 (Early history from 10,000 years ago to the time of Christ):
“The Eben civilization was estimated to be about 10,000 years old . They evolved from another planet, not on Serpo. The original home planet of the Ebens was threatened with extreme volcanic activity. [snip]
The Ebens have been space travelers for the past 2,000 years. The Ebens first visited Earth about 2,000 years ago. ”
The Ufologists who were publishing and promoting this new material, actually had the insight to recognize the comment of the visitation 2000 years ago from the 1980's Aquarius document, and even called attention to it on the Serpo website. Ironically, they considered the “match” a form of confirmation that the new information was legitimate. They did not realize, or could not realize, that the source in both cases was the same exact person, Rick Doty and his group. And that's why the material was identical.
Posted by “Anonymous” November 14, 2005 (Aliens as Vegetarians):
"As I mentioned before, the Ebens allowed us to kill the beasts for meat. The meat isn't really bad, 899 says it tastes like Bear, which I never ate. But Ebens look at us very strange when we eat meat. Strange, they can clone creatures and other species of humans but they can't eat meat. ”
Same “philosophy” and the same core story, with a whole lot of erroneous “details” thrown in for show. But what we were looking at in 2005 was a rehash of the information Moore received in 1980 from Doty and others, Linda Howe received from Doty and others, and which Ernie Kellerstrauss allegedly received from Dale Graff in 1979.
The origin of the story appears to be between 1978 and 1980. And the group who created it appears to be centered around the active (at the time) Remote Viewing work, which during 1979 for the Air Force, was at Wright-Patterson FTD (Dale Graff/Ernie Kellerstrass) and SRI (Hal Puthoff), and for the CIA was the Office of Science and Technology (Kit Green).
It should be noted that the involvement of particular individuals in these releases, from 1979 through 2005, does not automatically imply nefarious motives. But it does demand appropriate explanation. False stories were injected into Ufology, a field that strives, even today, to achieve credibility. These stories negatively impacted that credibility in a big way, especially after th 1988 UFO Live! broadcast.
Next, we will discuss a shocking additional person who was also discussing elements of this same exact philosophy in the mid-to-late 1970's, around the same time the Graff-Kellerstrass conversations were allegedly taking place.
A set of photographs from a Japanese website surfaced on Thursday, supposedly showing a widely rumored gold colored "iPhone 5S" shell in various comparison shots with two current generation iPhone 5 handsets.
Source: Moumantai
The images come from cellular phone parts dealer Moumantai and were published to the blog of weekly Japanese tech magazine ASCII Plus via Nowhereelse.fr).From the photos, it appears that the supposed "champagne" iPhone 5S casing has no significant design variations compared to the iPhone 5, including button layout, speaker holes and SIM card lot position. Everything from the rear antenna windows to the highly polished chamfered edges are identical.Rumors are heating up with an expected launch date close at hand. The latest hot topic is a new gold color option for the next generation iPhone, which some sources have described as a more elegant "champagne" hue, not a gaudy "ingot." Parts hinting at the new color choice have been circulating for some time , but not much attention was paid until a supposed shell appeared last week Analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities, who has a reliable track record in predicting Apple product announcements, said last week that the gold case color will be offered alongside the traditional black and silver options currently seen with the iPhone 5. He also sees Apple introducing a new 128GB storage option for the 5S, which is expected to feature revamped internals and a fingerprint sensor.It is speculated that if Apple is indeed planning to introduce a gold version of the iPhone 5S, the move may be a play at the booming Chinese handset market. Recent research has shown that color preference is trending toward gold and orange in the Asia-Pacific region.Apple is rumored to announce its next iPhone model at a special event on Sept. 10 , with a rollout to follow shortly thereafter.
Nuclear Missile submarine on a 1/50 (Minifig) scale. About this creation
Here we are,
after way too many hours I have completed my submarine. I had to hurry, next week I am on a Scouting summercamp (as leader) and the 20th of August I am going to Sofia for an internship of five months.
That means I will not be buidling for a while.
I bet I will be building something as soon as I get back.
Anyway, here is the submarine:
Dimensions:
250 cm long
22 cm wide (hull)
26 cm wide (rudders, planes)
18 cm high (hull)
27 cm high (conning tower)
36 cm high (periscope)
The submarine consists of three parts of a little over 80 cm long each.
The middle part basically is a tube with beds, tables and other things for the crew, since the conning tower is on the rear end of the first part. The round end of the conning tower does sit on top of the middle part, but it is only connected to the tower.
The missile bay is located in the front of the rear part, surrounded by the engine/ nuclear reactor.
In the bow, there are eight torpedo hatches with two torpedoes each.
There is an escape hatch between the conning tower and the bow and a machine gun as well. The machine gun is hidden underneath a hatch. When deployed, the gun has a 260-degree rotation and some depression and elevation.
The front diving planes are mounted on the side of the conning tower, this is a design used by the American navy. The tower itselfs sits a t roughly 1/4 to 1/3 of the hull, which is common to western submarines. Some Soviet/Russian submarines used this design as well, but most of the Soviet subs had the conning tower in the middle or at 2/3 of the hull, like the Typhoon class.
The overall design however, is based on Russian designs, like the Kursk (and Red October if you wish). Some Russian elements are the quite steep bow, the shape of the conning tower and the twin screw design.
The forward diving planes are able to rotate 360 degrees on a horizontal axis, to control the angle of the submarine's dive and they can fold up 90 degrees to make the sub smaller on the front.
When folded, the planes can still turn that 360 degrees.
The periscope can fold backwards and the flags can fold forwards to minimize draft etc.
On the rear end, there are six rudders to steer the submarine, like the large fin on the back of an airplane. Just like an airplane, the sub can't turn quickly when it onnly uses these rudders. To make a shorter turn, it will have to change its angle, so it can steer with engine output like a tank and with its diving planes (like fighter jets, and in theory commercial airplanes, but we won't appreciate a commercial airplane sitting on its wing).
It has the number 2 (in Latin) because it is the second submarine I made with a number on it.
Here we are,after way too many hours I have completed my submarine. I had to hurry, next week I am on a Scouting summercamp (as leader) and the 20th of August I am going to Sofia for an internship of five months.That means I will not be buidling for a while.I bet I will be building something as soon as I get back.Anyway, here is the submarine:Dimensions:250 cm long22 cm wide (hull)26 cm wide (rudders, planes)18 cm high (hull)27 cm high (conning tower)36 cm high (periscope)The submarine consists of three parts of a little over 80 cm long each.The middle part basically is a tube with beds, tables and other things for the crew, since the conning tower is on the rear end of the first part. The round end of the conning tower does sit on top of the middle part, but it is only connected to the tower.The missile bay is located in the front of the rear part, surrounded by the engine/ nuclear reactor.In the bow, there are eight torpedo hatches with two torpedoes each.There is an escape hatch between the conning tower and the bow and a machine gun as well. The machine gun is hidden underneath a hatch. When deployed, the gun has a 260-degree rotation and some depression and elevation.The front diving planes are mounted on the side of the conning tower, this is a design used by the American navy. The tower itselfs sits a t roughly 1/4 to 1/3 of the hull, which is common to western submarines. Some Soviet/Russian submarines used this design as well, but most of the Soviet subs had the conning tower in the middle or at 2/3 of the hull, like the Typhoon class.The overall design however, is based on Russian designs, like the Kursk (and Red October if you wish). Some Russian elements are the quite steep bow, the shape of the conning tower and the twin screw design.The forward diving planes are able to rotate 360 degrees on a horizontal axis, to control the angle of the submarine's dive and they can fold up 90 degrees to make the sub smaller on the front.When folded, the planes can still turn that 360 degrees.The periscope can fold backwards and the flags can fold forwards to minimize draft etc.On the rear end, there are six rudders to steer the submarine, like the large fin on the back of an airplane. Just like an airplane, the sub can't turn quickly when it onnly uses these rudders. To make a shorter turn, it will have to change its angle, so it can steer with engine output like a tank and with its diving planes (like fighter jets, and in theory commercial airplanes, but we won't appreciate a commercial airplane sitting on its wing).It has the number 2 (in Latin) because it is the second submarine I made with a number on it.
Comments Add a comment
I like it Angelo Filipelli Awesome sub! Keep up the good work. I like it Nick Barrett Impressive! Enjoy your summer :-) I made it Johan van der Pluijm Quoting Builder Allan Brilliant! Great work on the shape and other exterior details. A truly epic submarine you have made here :-) Thank you, I had some doubts about the angled panels on top, but it turned out great. Some details I like are -the conning tower itself, That design was a long time in my mind. -the bow, it looks strong and agressive, quite suitable. -the propellor blades, although not realistic, they are very detailed and have nice shapes. Thank you, I had some doubts about the angled panels on top, but it turned out great. Some details I like are -the conning tower itself, That design was a long time in my mind. -the bow, it looks strong and agressive, quite suitable. -the propellor blades, although not realistic, they are very detailed and have nice shapes. I made it Johan van der Pluijm Quoting Clayton Marchetti Wow! That's huge! Love the conning tower, very nicely detailed. Thank you. I like the tower as well. It is inspred by the Soviet designs, like the Kursk. (Hope the accidents will not happen..) Thank you. I like the tower as well. It is inspred by the Soviet designs, like the Kursk. (Hope the accidents will not happen..) I made it Johan van der Pluijm Quoting Doug Hughes Awesome submarine! What a big beast! Thanks, it is big indeed. I made a picture outside on the table, will post it soon along with a picture of the former sub on the same spot. Thanks, it is big indeed. I made a picture outside on the table, will post it soon along with a picture of the former sub on the same spot. I made it Johan van der Pluijm Quoting Sven ;o) It's really a huuuuge one and turned out really nice my friend :) Gongrats on the completion of this Submarine. Enjoy the summercamp and hope you have a great time on your internship in Sofia. Take care and stay healhy! All the best for you my friend. Thanks Sven! Got to find a place to live, the one I had in mind turned out to be a fake one.. :( If you want to come by, you are welcome! They say its 30 degrees in the summer: swimming and -15 in the winter: ice skating etc. Thanks Sven! Got to find a place to live, the one I had in mind turned out to be a fake one.. :( If you want to come by, you are welcome! They say its 30 degrees in the summer: swimming and -15 in the winter: ice skating etc. I like it Builder Allan Brilliant! Great work on the shape and other exterior details. A truly epic submarine you have made here :-) I like it Clayton Marchetti Wow! That's huge! Love the conning tower, very nicely detailed. I like it Doug Hughes Awesome submarine! What a big beast! I like it Sven ;o) It's really a huuuuge one and turned out really nice my friend :) Gongrats on the completion of this Submarine. Enjoy the summercamp and hope you have a great time on your internship in Sofia. Take care and stay healhy! All the best for you my friend. I made it Johan van der Pluijm Quoting Didier B That's an excellent and very big submarine moc. But the pictures... You should take and post better ones. Thanks! I can't take better pictures and upload them here, since the format my phone uses doesnt work here. Only by making the pictures in Whatsapp, the pictures can be uploaded, but in a lower quality format. I might take more pictures, maybe tomorrow on the table outside. Thanks! I can't take better pictures and upload them here, since the format my phone uses doesnt work here. Only by making the pictures in Whatsapp, the pictures can be uploaded, but in a lower quality format. I might take more pictures, maybe tomorrow on the table outside. I like it Didier B That's an excellent and very big submarine moc. But the pictures... You should take and post better ones. I like it Joshes Amberman Awesome work! I like it Seaman SPb Great!
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE : May 2011
RoboDynamics Headquarters, Santa Monica, CA
SchultzeWORKS designstudio (www.schultzeworks.com) of Pasadena, CA is proud to announce a breakthrough in robot design. Commissioned by RoboDynamics of Santa Monica, CA, ‘Luna' is the world's first personal robot integrating three unique feature sets : Luna is (1) completely expandable via expansion ports, (2) fully programmable with open standards and, above all, (3) affordable.
The industrial design work for Luna addressed dual and conflicting demands between design and engineering. The engineering challenge was to incorporate the client's existing and proven TiLR robot hardware, firmware, and drive train. The design challenge was to create an original and compelling techno-beauty that would engage users and invite interaction.
“We conducted an exhaustive search for a design studio who could deliver exceptional design within the context of a technical and engineering challenge that is inherently entailed in bringing world's first personal robot to market.” said Fred Nikgohar, CEO of RoboDynamics. “With SchultzeWORKS, we found a partner who has enabled our company to articulate an exceptional visual and artistic design, while simultaneously helping us mitigate the stringent technical and quality standards contained within Luna. This ability to work both within an artistic and technical framework is indeed a rare gift that Dave and his team brought to the table for us.”
BIO | BACKGROUND :
SchultzeWORKS designstudio was founded by Dave Schultze in 1997. Since then, the firm has designed goods in the categories of consumer electronics, housewares, furniture, and lighting. Schultze has a degree in Architecture, an Architect's License, and a Masters of Industrial Design from the prestigious ArtCenter College of Art + Design in Pasadena, CA. Dave maintains his commitment to education by being a Lynda.com author and by teaching a weekly class in 3D Visualization at OTIS College of Art + Design in Los Angeles, CA.
SPECIAL THANKS TO:
Peter Santaw for his remarkably good advice, engineering expertise, and introduction to RoboDynamics.
PRESS CONTACT :
Dave Schultze, Owner, SchultzeWORKS designstudio
626-440-1934 | dave@schultzeworks.com
107 S. Fair Oaks Ave. Suite 308 Pasadena, CA 91105 USA
Link to press release : www.schultzeworks.com/luna/
Larger images are available for print. Please call or e-mail for information.
Images of the Luna Robot by SchultzeWORKS are licensed under a Creative Commons License, as based on a work at www.schultzeworks.com. Permissions beyond the scope of this license are available at schultzeworks.com/creative-commons.
Michter's announced the limited release of its 2015 bottling of the US 1 Bourbon Toasted Barrel Finish.
This was one of my favorite products of 2014 and joined the Belle Meade Sherry Cask Bourbon as my favorite special-barrel finished products of the year.
These special barrel finished products are becoming increasingly popular. Angel's Envy, Woodford Reserve Double Oak and Maker's 46 likely lead the category in case sales. But Michter's Toasted might be the hardest to find. The company said this year's release is on allocation, a familiar word to bourbon lovers who seek these limited releases.
How the second barrel finishes work: They take whiskey from its original barrel and dump it into a new-to-that whiskey barrel that typically range from Port or Sherry barrels to specially toasted or charred new oak barrels. In the beginning, many wondered how they're still able to label the products “bourbon,” a term that does not allow used cooperage. But as mentioned in Bourbon Curious, the government permits this labeling as long as it says “bourbon finished in…” whatever the barrel is.
With that said, I love these special barrel finishes and think they're a much better use of an innovator's time than slapping lab-created flavors in a whiskey tank. (Breathe, breathe, don't go down a flavored whiskey rant….)
Moving onto Michter's, this year's second barrel is comprised of 18-month air dried oak that is toasted not charred. Charring is pure flame, encompassing the entire barrel, while toasting is a less intense flame and does not reach the barrel all at once. Probably the best analogy I can give on a smaller scale is toasting is brushing a lighter over a surface and charring is using a flame thrower.
When it comes to the special barrel releases, some add flavoring or coloring, namely in the ryes. In Michter's press release, the company said: “it is Kentucky Straight Bourbon with nothing extra added or done except placement in a second toasted barrel.”
Michter's Toasted Barrel Bourbon is bottled at 91.4 proof, the same proof as Michter's US1 Bourbon. It hits stores this fall with a suggested retail price of $53 per 750 ml bottle in the United States.
Michter's is also expected to release its 20-year-old bourbon later this year.
Stay In Touch!
This release is available in French.
Montreal, February 7th, 2013 - Researchers have discovered a gene associated with a form of cholesterol that increases the risk of developing aortic stenosis, the most common form of heart valve disease, by more than half. This international study, involving the Research Institute of the McGill University Health Centre (RI-MUHC), is the first of its kind to uncover a genetic link with aortic valve disease - a condition that affects more than 5 million people in North America.
The results of the study, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, point to the first known cause of aortic stenosis and to a potential treatment to prevent this disease. "We found that an unusual type of cholesterol called Lipoprotein (a) or Lp(a) - that is not normally screened for in current clinical practice - appears to be a cause of aortic valve disease," says Dr. George Thanassoulis, one of the co-lead authors of the study, who is also director of preventive and genomic cardiology at the MUHC and an Assistant Professor in Medicine at McGill University. "High levels of this type of cholesterol are predicted primarily by an individual's genetic make-up with only modest influence from lifestyle or other factors."
Aortic stenosis (AS) is the third most prevalent form of cardiovascular disease in the western world, after hypertension and coronary artery disease. It mainly affects people over the age of 60 years. AS is caused by calcification and hardening of the aortic valve which impedes blood flow from the heart to the rest of the body leading to chest pain, loss of consciousness and shortness of breath. In severe cases, patients need aortic valve replacement surgery. Currently, there are no medical treatments to prevent this disease or reduce the need for valve replacement. According to the study's lead investigators - from the RI-MUHC, Johns Hopkins University, Harvard University, Washington University, the University of Iceland and the US National Institutes of Health - the findings not only explain why heart valve calcification may run in families, but could also lead to the development of targeted medications that might slow the progression of valve disease and reduce the need for valve surgery in patients. "Previous studies could not differentiate whether Lp(a) was a cause or simply a marker of valve disease," says Dr. Thanassoulis. "But our results strongly suggest a causal link and add to the mounting evidence that Lp(a) may be an important drug target for cardiovascular diseases."
"This is an important step forward in understanding the biology of the development of aortic stenosis and how this common genetic variant, which is found in thirteen per cent of the general population, contributes to that risk," says Dr. Wendy Post, a cardiologist and associate professor of medicine and epidemiology at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine who is a senior author of the study. "Advancing age is a major risk factor for aortic stenosis and, with the aging population this will become an even bigger health concern."
Frequently used statin medications, which reduce the common form of cholesterol that clogs arteries, do not reduce Lp(a) or prevent aortic valve calcification. "Therefore, it is very important that these results benefit our patients," says Dr. Thanassoulis. "For this to happen we need to test whether lowering this type of cholesterol with other drugs slows valve calcification in a randomized clinical trial. Our hope is to eventually prevent valve disease with medication and reduce the need for surgery."
###
Funding
This work was funded by grants through the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (CIHR) and the National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute as well as other funding agencies. Dr. Thanassoulis received funding from the CIHR, the Fonds de recherche du Québec - Santé (FRQS), the Royal College of Physician and Surgeons of Canada, the Association des Cardiologues du Québec and the Montreal General Hospital Foundation of the MUHC.
Useful links
The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM): www.nejm.org/
(NEJM): www.nejm.org/ McGill University Health Centre (MUHC): muhc.ca
Research Institute of the MUHC (RI-MUHC): muhc.ca/research
McGill University: mcgill.ca
Media
Julie Robert
Communications - Research
Public Affairs & Strategic Planning
McGill University Health Centre
Phone: 514-934-1934 (ext. 71381)
julie.robert@muhc.mcgill.ca
By Steve Kim
Middleweight contender Curtis Stevens (28-5, 21KOs) - who faces James De La Rosa on November 19th at the T-Mobile Arena as part of the undercard to the Sergey Kovalev vs. Andre Ward pay-per-view - is a bit amused by all the middleweights who have recently called out Gennady Golovkin but then somehow find ways not to face him.
Back in November of 2013, he stepped up to the plate and faced 'GGG' at New York's Madison Square Garden and was halted in nine rounds. But he was lauded for taking the challenge of the fearsome Golovkin (36-0, 33KOs), which is something others seem loathe to do.
Golovkin now holds four titles - WBA, WBC, IBO, IBF - and is still having trouble securing top opponents.
"I get a little frustrated at it because they him out but when they call him out - they try to make the fight and it's always some other sh*t that goes along other than signing the contract," Stevens recently stated at the Robert Garcia Boxing Academy.
"So it doesn't get me frustrated because I'm not the one fighting but I know it gets (Golovkin) pissed off. You say you want to fight but then the fight doesn't go. Don't say you want to fight him if you're not going to fight him. Like just don't talk sh*t because you got lips. If you're going to say you're going to fight him just sign the contract. Other than that - shut the f*** up."
Asked why he didn't hesitate to face Golovkin, Stevens responded - "I'm a whole different type of animal. At the time I thought I would knock Gennady Golovkin out. I went in there with the wrong game plan but we're soon to get back there... a couple more wins hopefully then I'll call him back... two, three more fights to where I need to be."
Steve Kim is the news editor for BoxingScene.com.
Peace is an alien concept for Nepal's neighbors. But, at the same time, Nepal is no different. To everyone's surprise, these three nations have seen violence and enjoyed peace to some extent. Yet, the one to suffer most is Nepal—not because its corrupt and incompetent politicians couldn't do much, but it is always dragged into the pit due to its geographical position. At a time when Nepal and China were pushing the idea of a trilateral partnership, including India, the Doklam situation has deleted that term for time being. How has this situation affected Nepal?
Recently, Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Krishna Bahadur Mahara said in a press conference that Nepal doesn't side with either China or India on the Doklam issue. India was anticipating it and China knew too that Nepal is playing a safe game post-2015. Nepal has no option but to play an equidistant role since it's neither Israel nor South Korea to challenge or influence its gigantic neighbors. And it's not even realistic that Nepal can play the role of David and bring down both nations on its knees. In this messy situation, Nepal has played a tacit role and survived to not be the next Bhutan. The other Himalayan kingdom has no choice but to side with India because of the latter's heavy military presence on its soil and due to other treaties, including ‘blockades'.
It's a fact that Nepal is moving towards China and many in New Delhi rue that PM Modi has destroyed the relation between India and Nepal. But, it's not Modi per se (although his decision to impose the blockade on Nepal during 2015 might have triggered it) but the nationalist agenda pushed forward by the former Prime Minister K.P. Oli and the subsequent rise of anti-India feeling in Nepal are the main reasons. The other reason is analysts and commentators have reasoned that Nepal's only way out now is ‘economic development' and reduce ‘dependency'. The trade deficit between Nepal and India is extremely high and this small nation is trying hard to reduce it.
Bhutan might have been looking at Nepal and realizing that implementing ‘equidistance policy' but might actually work off since neither Nepal nor Bhutan wishes to be dependent on India or China. Unfortunately, India has played a negative role with Bhutan and Nepal by making them dependent and then ‘interfering and influencing'. This has backfired now. In an article in the New York Times, few Bhutanese have expressed their feelings about India. They are now feeling ‘suffocated' and not ‘protected'. Nepal has felt so since the 1950s but it is already working on to have other oxygen from the northern kingdom.
I do not wish to take any sides between China and India. But since I studied in Hyderabad, India and can understand Hindi to some extent I'd feel comfortable to support India in the event of a war. But, India is failing as the largest democracy in the world since it has ignored the voices of Nepali-speaking people in Darjeeling and has been involved in state violence in Kashmir, Assam, North East states, et cetera. India is suffering from gau-ism and hardcore Hinduism right now. Yes, I am born in a Hindu family and Nepal shares Hindu culture and ties with India but I definitely do not wish to follow the path of gauism or wish to become a ‘gau-rakshak'. And China follows a strict path of authoritarian rule and it doesn't allow any citizens to speak their mind or exercise the freedom to ‘think critically'. As you can see I'm critical most of the time and it wouldn't be possible for me to survive in China as a citizen. The only thing I like about my neighbors right now is their ‘economic progress.' But to be frank what does the economic progress do to the people when they can't live freely?
Nepal has no obligation to take any sides between India and China. And it shouldn't, ever. What Nepal need now is economic development and ensure its sovereignty remains intake for now and ever. This is the only way Nepal will survive between its quasi-democratic India, and authoritarian communist China. Nepal knows well that it can buy peace by having peace in the first place. Perhaps, its neighbors aren't aware of. And if China and India cannot be assured of Nepal not taking any sides—maybe, there's a possibility Nepal might transform one of their powers into one of its own.
Like this: Like Loading...
FOOTY fans across the NRL are still pondering which was the more remarkable sight: Cam Smith blowing up at a referee or the Storm skipper getting marched 10 metres for it?
Renowned as one of the more calculating operators the game has seen when it comes to the officials, the contention from rival fans is that Smith's standing grants him a saloon passage with referees.
But the Australian skipper was left flabbergasted by a penalty against teammate Felise Kaufusi during Melbourne's upset loss to Brisbane.
He had a point given the Storm forward was lying on the ground, a couple of metres from the ruck and had no way of knowing Anthony Milford was about to pelt the ball into his back.
Milford did just that, appealed for a penalty and was duly awarded one by referee Ashley Klein, helping the Broncos off their line at a crucial juncture in the match.
Smith was not amused and let Klein know about.
“Where's his chest? Do the maths,” Smith fumed before being marched for backchat.
Watch Smith blow up over Anthony Milford's milking in the video player above.
President Obama's Thursday speech outlining America's response to the situation in Iraq alluded to the possibility of an expanded U.S. role there, which could involve some form of aerial support to Iraqi Security Forces (ISF) fighting on the ground against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and other Sunni Arab insurgents. The coordination of air power and Iraqi allies on the ground (perhaps with a limited presence of American Special Operations Forces) would mirror U.S. interventions in Afghanistan in 2001 and Libya in 2011. The principal objective of a limited aerial intervention in Iraq would be to provide battlefield support to ISF to change the dynamics on the ground, decisively halting ISIS's offensive and reversing its recent territorial gains. While this approach was tactically and operationally successful in Afghanistan and Libya, its long-term strategic benefits in those cases are more uncertain. There is no reason to expect that a similar intervention in the unfolding crisis in Iraq will further long-term American strategic interests—even if it achieves limited tactical successes.
At first glance, Iraq would seem to be an ideal setting for reenacting the Afghan/Libyan model. As it did in Afghanistan and Libya, airpower could have a decisive impact on the outcome of what are essentially conventional battles between Sunni insurgents and ISF. However, a closer look at those cases does not provide much ground for optimism. First, the antigovernment forces would adapt their tactics in response to American airpower and thus make it less effective. Similar to the response of Qaddafi's forces to NATO bombing, ISIS and its allies would eschew massing their forces in the open in conventional formations (thus posing as targets for American precision bombs); their forces would instead disperse, take cover and conceal, which would significantly reduce their vulnerability from airpower, without necessarily ending their offensive. This tactical adjustment would not necessarily allow the insurgents to hold on to their newly conquered territory indefinitely. As the Libya case clearly shows, a prolonged intervention with precision airpower in conjunction with local ground forces can weaken and help overcome local opponents through attrition. With sufficient time, airstrikes would enable ISF to defend the territory it currently holds and even reclaim territory lost to ISIS forces.
A key point, though, is that U.S. intervention from the air will not bring about these results quickly. Indeed, the NATO operation in Libya took far longer and involved significantly more firepower than the allies initially anticipated. A few pinprick attacks are unlikely to alter the trajectory on the ground; and a more sustained military campaign would require firm American political will—something that may not be in the cards.
Second (and more crucial), in response to a successful counteroffensive on the part of the Iraqi government, supported by U.S. airpower, ISIS would certainly switch to the kind of guerrilla tactics in which it proved so proficient in the past (just as the Taliban did after its early defeat in 2001). In this scenario, ISIS and other insurgent groups, benefiting from the support of significant segments of Iraq's Sunni population, could sustain a high-intensity guerrilla campaign against the Iraqi government for a long period of time. This reinvigorated insurgency may make the year preceding the insurgent “surge” (with hundreds of terrorist and hit-and-run attacks and over 1,000 deaths a month) look like a period of relative stability. Thus, an aerial intervention would not provide a lasting solution; at best, it would merely push ISIS and the broader Sunni resistance back to the position they were in just some months ago.
At its heart, the crisis in Iraq stems from an underlying political problem that military means alone cannot address. Namely, Maliki's ethnosectarian policies—in particular, the systematic marginalization and humiliation of the Sunni minority—have provided fertile ground for the growth of several insurgent organizations (some Baathist, some Jihadist) claiming the mantle of defenders of Iraq's beleaguered Sunnis. An American intervention would reduce Maliki's incentive to institute the much-needed political reforms that would give the country's Sunni community a stake in the future of the country. Put simply, this is an ethnosectarian war (with an important transnational Islamist component) whose long-term solution won't be brought about from 15,000 feet in the air.
One might object to this noninterventionist approach, pointing to a series of negative consequences that may result. These concerns are not baseless, but either rest on implausible worst-case-scenario assumptions, or identify risks and costs that could only be avoided by taking even riskier and costlier courses of action.
First, there is the concern that ISIS might further expand south, taking over Baghdad and even some of the supergiant oil fields in the Shia-dominated south. This dire scenario, however, is highly unlikely . The much-touted ISIS assault on Baghdad has yet to materialize. Furthermore, there is no reason to expect the predominantly Shia units of ISF, which, unlike the mixed units deployed in Mosul, are cohesive, to fold the way the latter did—these people will be fighting to defend themselves and their families against what they perceive as a brutal and merciless enemy. A stalemate along Iraq's ethnosectarian divide north of Baghdad is much more likely to emerge.
Second, as some observers have pointed out, the three-way partition of the country existing on the ground—with a large chunk of territory under Jihadist influence—may ossify. However, a U.S. aerial intervention would not fundamentally alter the status quo in this regard. At most, airpower could push the battle lines further north, but it would not eradicate a well-entrenched insurgency in the Sunni north. At that point, effective counterinsurgency would require sizable troop deployments, which may just be beyond ISF's capacity. Massacres and displacement of civilians on a staggering scale may well ensue as the Iraqi government scrambles for a way out of the quagmire and ethnosectarian tensions spiral out of control. The United States would indirectly share responsibility for such crimes.
Third, if the Obama administration fails to take action in Iraq, the Iranians might step up to the plate and shore up their ally, Maliki (indeed, it's quite likely that the Iranian forces are already involved ). American intervention could conceivably prevent a marginal increase in Tehran's (already significant) influence in Iraq, but this benefit pales in comparison to the costs and risks involved in embarking on an ill-thought-out intervention.
Fourth, failing to get involved in Iraq could have negative implications for the civil war in Syria, as ISIS operations there can benefit from bases across the border. But, again, an airpower intervention would not deny ISIS a strong presence in Iraq's Sunni heartlands.
Finally, some might claim that by not intervening, the Obama administration would be giving up a precious opportunity to exert leverage on Maliki's government and thus push it to address the Sunni community's fundamental concerns and embrace genuine power-sharing. But this argument gets it backwards: the only plausible scenario in which Maliki would make unpalatable concessions is one in which the alternative is the loss of even more power. A bailout in the form of a U.S. military intervention would remove any incentive provided by the current crisis for him to consider far-reaching political reforms.
Ultimately, the only way to decisively weaken ISIS would be for moderate Sunni groups to turn against it. The experience of the Anbar awakening suggests that this is not a far-fetched possibility. Given that what keeps together the Baathist and Jihadist components of the insurgency is opposition to Maliki, the emergence of a stalemate, with the rebels and the government solidly in control of their strongholds, may represent a window of opportunity for the non-Jihadists to eliminate the ISIS threat without fear of a government counteroffensive. Their willingness to do so may be strengthened by credible steps by the Iraqi government towards genuine power-sharing–which, for example, could take the form of concessions of important cabinet positions to key Sunni figures. U.S. diplomacy can play a role in clearly conveying this message and promising additional support after Maliki makes the necessary political adjustments. By contrast, an airpower intervention risks undermining the only possibility of a desirable outcome: American involvement would embolden Maliki and prevent the emergence of a stalemate in the battlefield, which could trigger the fragmentation of the insurgent coalition. The current situation in Iraq, therefore, may be an ideal setting for careful application of Obama's “don't do stupid sh*t” doctrine.
Erica D. Borghard is an Assistant Professor at the United States Military Academy at West Point. She received her Ph.D. in Political Science from Columbia University. Her views are personal and do not in any way reflect the opinions of the United States Military Academy. Costantino Pischedda is a Ph.D. candidate in political science at Columbia University. His dissertation focuses on civil war alliances.
Hyperloop: A Reality or Pipe Dream?
Local officials from across the country traveled to DC in order to see the transit system.
US state officials from Texas, Ohio, California, and Massachusetts traveled to DC for Hyperloop One's official US Launch, according to a report. Cities and states were tasked with creating the most feasible hyperloop routes for the future.
Hyperloop promises to provide quick travel between cities for passengers and freight while creating brand-new infrastructure for the country.
“We can dream about putting a man on the Moon, and within a decade we actually made it happen,” said Shervin Pishevar, co-founder and executive chairman at Hyperloop One. “That's what we're inspired by.”
The technology isn't cheap. Financial documents from Hyperloop One estimate the cost of a route from San Francisco to Los Angeles to be $13 billion.
“It is very difficult to build anything new in the US of scale,” Dean Wise, vice president for network strategy at BNSF Railway, said, “particularly when you go into port areas where there are many competing interests. And as someone who's primarily privately funded, we have a billion dollars of hot money in our hand, ready to build some facilities on the West Coast. And we saw the five-year delays, the eight-year delay, and now nothing happens... When projects don't get built at all, why should someone engage in that effort?”
A couple of weeks ago, director Darren Aronofsky sat down with Lynne Tillman to discuss his career, as well as his thoughts on filmmaking in general.
The video below is a little over 90 minutes long, but oh so worth it. However, if you're not in it for the long haul, you can skip down to check out several takeaways:
Inspiration from beautiful ugliness
Aronofsky describes growing up in Brooklyn near Coney Island and baring witness to the strange contradictions of his surroundings: a beautiful beach littered with trash, a once famed amusement park now abandoned and dilapidated. These images inspired a lot of the imagery, as well as the subject matter for his films later on in his life, like Pi, Requiem for a Dream, and The Wrestler. (Tillman notes that the "beauty was also tragic," which I thought was a great comment.)
"It's called a cliché for a reason, because it's often true."
Coming up with a story, character, or cinematic technique that is 100% original is damn near impossible, so, often this leads to having to use a lot of tried and true methods -- clichés. However, Aronofsky says that the problem doesn't come from using clichés, but from how you use them -- your execution. He explains how most of his plots are complete clichés, but the way he lets them unfold -- the way he tells the story -- is unique.
So, in other words, clichés aren't inherently bad. In fact, they tend to reveal patterns in our world and the human experience that we can all recognize and identify with, but if your stories become a pattern, especially one that your audience knows so well that they can anticipate every turn, that's when you know you need to shake things up in your execution.
Honest actors bring about an emotional audience
How do you get your audience to become emotionally involved in your story? Aronofsky says:
That's always a gamble. You're always hoping people are going to come along for the ride and be willing to go with it and that's usually based on emotional truth from the actors. So, if the actors are truthfully experiencing something, you can get away with a lot. That's how you get away with Lord of the Rings. The actors believe they're there. The illusion is close enough.
Be passionate about your film and obsessive about getting it made
We all know that our asking, pleading, and begging will more often than not lead to a whole bunch of no's before we ever hear a single yes. But, that's where passion and obsession come in! Aronofsky says:
Filmmaking is -- you definitely need to be pretty obsessive to get a film made, but that doesn't mean you're obsessed all the time, because when you get an idea -- thousands of people will say no to you before it's done in all different types of ways. What drives me is -- passion for the characters, for the story, sometimes for the shot.
MINISTER FOR FINANCE Michael Noonan has rejected an EU financial tax plan over fears that it will lead to the loss of jobs to Britain.
Earlier this year, Noonan said any financial transaction tax should be rolled out on a EU-wide basis, as Ireland would otherwise risk losing financial business to Britain – which has also rejected the proposal.
Following the meeting in Luxembourg, Noonan said 33,000 Irish people worked in financial services – and that if the country accepted a financial transaction tax while Britain did not there would be a transfer of business and jobs to London.
Eleven member states – led by Germany, France, Italy and Spain - have opted into the ‘Tobin tax', which will see the introduction of a common tax on financial transactions with the aim of encouraging responsible trading and making the markets pay for decades of excess.
“This is a small step for 11 countries but a giant leap for Europe,” Austrian Deputy Finance Minister Andreas Schieder said. “The way is now clear for a just contribution from the banking and financial sector for financing the burdens of the crisis.”
The concept of such levies was first introduced in the 1970s by US Nobel laureate James Tobin, who advocated taxes on transactions to curb market volatility.
The adoption of the tax by so many member states has raised speculation that it could be used to create a common consolidated corporate tax base (CCCTB), which would establish a uniform tax base across EU countries and in turn potentially threaten the benefits of Ireland's low corporate tax rate.
However, Noonan dismissed such concerns – saying that the CCCTB is not a transaction tax but a corporation tax.
Uploaded by AFP
Terms & Conditions
By using any Family Dollar coupon or registering and by providing your information to Family Dollar, you agree to abide by these terms and conditions, which are subject to change from time to time. Participation is also subject to the Family Dollar Terms of Use located at: https://www.familydollar.com/legal/Terms-of-Use. In addition, you agree to abide by the terms and conditions of the Family Dollar Coupon Policy located at: https://www.familydollar.com/legal/Coupon-Policy.
You consent to Family Dollar's collection, use, and disclosure of your information in accordance with the Family Dollar privacy policy located at: https://www.familydollar.com/legal/Privacy-Policy.
Family Dollar has the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, add, or delete any of these Terms and Conditions, benefits, offers, or discounts, in whole or in part, at any time, with or without notice, even though such changes may reduce (or increase) the value of a discount or offer, or an individual's benefits, except where prohibited by law. Continued participation constitutes acceptance of any modifications, additions, or deletions. All questions and interpretations concerning these Terms and Conditions shall be resolved in the sole discretion of Family Dollar, and by participating, you expressly agree to be bound by Family Dollar's decisions.
You agree to provide accurate, current, and complete information, and to update this information as it changes, to maintain your eligibility and participation in the program. In creating your account, you are only allowed to use no more than two (2) phone numbers or unique ten (10) digit codes per household. You are also responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are solely responsible for all activities that occur in your account under your password. You agree to immediately notify Family Dollar of any unauthorized use of your password or any other breach of security related to the program. Family Dollar reserves the right to require you to change your password if it believes, in its sole discretion, that the password is no longer secure. Any failure on your part to act in accordance with this obligation and/or these Terms & Conditions will be considered to be a breach of the Terms and Conditions and disqualification and forfeiture of any benefits, coupons, or discounts may result.
TEXT MESSAGES: If you check the box to receive SMS/text messages, you hereby expressly agree to receive advertisements, news and promotions via SMS/text messages, via an autodialer or otherwise, to the phone number linked with your Smart Coupon account. You understand that you are not required to agree to receive such messages in order to receive Smart coupons, nor as a requirement to purchase any products or services from Family Dollar. You further understand that you can stop receiving SMS/text messages at any time by replying to any message with the word STOP or by changing your Smart Coupon profile to exclude SMS/text messages.
The program has no predetermined termination date, and may continue until such date as Family Dollar, in its sole discretion, designates as the termination date. Family Dollar has the right to end the program at any time without providing advance written notice to participants. Family Dollar will deactivate and delete accounts that do not have activity for a period of two (2) years, including but not limited to, failing to sign in, clip coupons and/or redeem coupons. Family Dollar reserves the right in its sole discretion to suspend, terminate or refuse your current and/or future discounts or benefits if it believes any breach of these Terms & Conditions has occurred. Any benefits that are based on false or fraudulent information or activity are subject to forfeiture.
Family Dollar reserves the right to correct any benefit, value, discount, misprint, or any other offer advertised or offered in error. In the event Family Dollar improperly denies a benefit, Family Dollar's liability is limited to the proper posting of such benefit.
Family Dollar is not responsible for failures or malfunctions of computer or data transmission systems; interrupted or unavailable network, server or other connections; or any technical problem in connection with the program or program administration. Family Dollar reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to void rewards of anyone who Family Dollar believes has attempted to tamper with, influence or impair the administration, security or fairness, of the program.
CAUTION: ANY ATTEMPT TO UNDERMINE THE LEGITIMATE OPERATION OF THIS PROGRAM MAY BE IN VIOLATION OF CRIMINAL AND CIVIL LAWS AND SHOULD SUCH AN ATTEMPT BE MADE, FAMILY DOLLAR RESERVES THE RIGHT TO SEEK REMEDIES AND DAMAGES (INCLUDING ATTORNEY'S FEES) TO THE FULLEST EXTENT OF THE LAW.
By participating, you agree that (1) any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or connected with the program, or any benefits claims or awarded, shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action; (2) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred and shall not include attorneys' fees; and (3) to the extent permitted by applicable law, under no circumstances will anyone be permitted to obtain any award for, and you hereby waive all rights to claim consequential non-personal, or incidental damages and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation, and enforceability of these Terms and Conditions, or the rights and obligations of Family Dollar, shall be determined by Family Dollar in its sole and absolute discretion. These rules shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of North Carolina without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules or provisions that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of North Carolina.
BINDING ARBITRATION: All participants waive all rights to trial in any action or proceeding instituted in connection with these Terms and Conditions or the program. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions or the program shall be settled by binding arbitration in accordance with the commercial arbitration rules of JAMS. Any such controversy or claim shall be arbitrated on an individual basis, and shall not be consolidated in any arbitration with any claim or controversy of any other party. The arbitration shall be conducted in the State of North Carolina, and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered into any court having jurisdiction thereof.
All offers are provided on an “As Is” and “As Available” basis, without representations or warranties. Family Dollar explicitly disclaims all warranties and representations of any kind, either express or implied, including but not limited to, warranties of merchantability, title, non-infringement, and fitness for a particular purpose.
For any questions or comments, you may contact us through the Family Dollar “Contact Us” located at: https://www.familydollar.com/corporate/our-company/contactus.
As the number of bitcoin-friendly merchants grows, so does the number of items and services users can get for bitcoin.
It can now buy you a pricey Alienware gaming laptop, some home furnishings at Overstock or lunch and a couple of drinks in a number of establishments around the world.
Here we look at unconventional and cool gadgets that accept bitcoin. They are still few and far between, but they offer a glimpse into the future and demonstrate that digital currencies can augment or even replace cash in the vending machine industry and a few other niches.
Smart vending machines have been around for a while, but only a handful of companies has decided to add bitcoin functionality to their designs. Upstate Networks pioneered the concept with its Bitcoin Vending Machine, which was showcased in early 2012.
1. Aeguana vending machine
London-based Aeguana is marketing a new vending machine that supports a wide range of payment methods including bitcoin. The machine has a spec sheet that wouldn't look out of place in the PC of yesteryear. It measures 1000 x 400 x 250mm and weighs 38kg, which is relatively compact for a vending machine. The device sports a 15.6-inch 1366×768 advertising display, stereo sound, optional WiFi and 3G/GPRS connectivity.
So why is it so small? Aeguana insists coins belong in the past, so the machine is designed from the ground up to rely on contactless chip or swipe cards and, of course, bitcoin. Therefore, there aren't that many mechanical components inside and the final product can be a lot smaller than traditional coin-operated vending machines.
2. American Green ZaZZZ marijuana vending machine
American Green decided to integrate bitcoin support into its ZaZZZ vending machine. What sets it apart from the rest of the field is the fact that it dispenses marijuana rather than sodas and candy.
The ZaZZZ was designed for the US states with a liberal attitude towards marijuana. It was demonstrated in Colorado in April.
3. Bitcoin Kinetics BitWasher
California-based Bitcoin Kinetics is developing a vending machine for cryptocurrency users. The company already offers a number of bitcoin machines, including the Bitcoin Kinetics BitWasher, its $1,950 washing machine.
The commercial grade washing machine is based on a Samsung washer-dryer. The brains of the operation come from Intel, in the form of an Intel Edison board.
Bitcoin Kinetics also supplies vending machines, ticket machines, parking meters, ATMs, payment kiosks, personal payment devices and arcade payment devices.
4. Bitcoin Kinetics BitSwitch
While we are on the subject of DIY, Bitcoin Kinetics offers a unique product that can transform many machines capable of accepting money into bitcoin machines.
BitSwitch is a self-installed bitcoin hardware payments system. It is available on Arduino, Raspberry Pi and Intel Edison hardware. GSM, Ethernet, Bluetooth, NFC, RF and WiFi connectivity is available, along with touchscreens and other add-ons. The basic kit, which includes an Arduino board, relay, wires and power supply, costs $55 plus shipping.
5. Liberty Games' Pirates of the Caribbean pinball machine
Liberty Games' bitcoin pinball machine, inspired by gaming company Stern's, is reconditioned by Liberty Games technicians with added bitcoin support. The machine is based on a Raspberry Pi board.
Liberty Games is not new to the world of bitcoin. Earlier this year the company announced a bitcoin-operated arcade machine and last year it developed a bitcoin pool table, complete with a QR code and LCD screen.
6. BitPumper automated filling station
One potential application for bitcoin involves an industry that keeps the world running. Some gas stations have started accepting bitcoin this year, but there is still no dedicated hardware for this niche.
This basically means you can fill up for bitcoin in Colorado or in Malaysia, but you have to pay for your gas at the counter elsewhere.
Although a fully automated bitcoin filling station has not been deployed yet, Bitcoin Kinetics is developing one.
BitPumper is based on the company's BitSwitch and it can be retrofitted to existing pumps by attaching a relay board and a controller board. When the customer makes a transaction and it is verified the hardware starts pumping the fuel. The system is not available commercially yet.
Henry Nicholls will make his test debut at the Basin Reserve against Australia next week.
New Zealand's fears around Ross Taylor's fitness were realised while reliable gloveman BJ Watling threw another injury scare into the camp ahead of next week's first cricket test against Australia.
Canterbury batsman Henry Nicholls is poised to become New Zealand's 269th test cricketer after he was named in the 13-man squad for the two tests, with Taylor's side strain forcing him out and Watling's back injury causing him to be bracketed with one-test wicketkeeper Luke Ronchi.
Other features were the returns of allrounder Corey Anderson and paceman Matt Henry, the latter making up a crop of five fast bowlers in the squad on an expected green pitch at the Basin Reserve. Senior paceman Tim Southee (foot) was included after a period on the sidelines. Spinner Mark Craig was omitted, with Mitchell Santner the only slow bowler chosen.
Taylor's left side strain, suffered against Pakistan on January 22, continued to cause problems and there were fears last week he wouldn't be fit in time. There must be serious doubt around his return for Christchurch, starting on February 20, but NZ Cricket said in a statement he would be monitored ahead of the second test.
READ MORE:
* James Pattinson called into touring Australia cricket squad early
* Chief Australia selector Marsh under pressure
* Boof is back, Lehmann jets to Welly
* ICC blow for India, England and Australia
* Geenty: Awful Aussies shot themselves in the foot
* Bailey: I told Warner to refer LBW dismissal
Watling was ruled out of what would have been his first ODI since February 2013 against Pakistan in Auckland last Sunday after his back injury flared up. He will be monitored over the coming days, with Ronchi in a familiar position as cover in the test squad. In his only test appearance at Leeds in May Ronchi scored 88 in New Zealand's eventual victory over England, but has struggled against the white ball recently.
Left-hander Nicholls, 24, was the obvious pick in Taylor's absence after a strong start to his ODI career, scoring cool-headed half-centuries against Pakistan and Australia in the past fortnight.
"Henry has been very impressive the way he's made the step up to international cricket and we're confident of the job he can do for us in the top order," said coach and chief selector Mike Hesson.
It could be shades of team-mate Tom Latham's test debut against India at the Basin in 2014 when he was summoned to bat at No 4 for Taylor who was absent to be at the birth of his second child.
Hesson expected seamer-friendly conditions in Wellington and Christchurch, hence Santner being the only spinner in the squad stacked with pace options.
"Tim's a leader within our group and our most experienced bowler, so we're excited to have him fit and a part of our pace bowling attack.
"Matt also comes back into the squad after some really strong performances throughout the summer and with Corey's return we now have a number of seam bowling options to consider."
Anderson's potential return for his first test since May when he suffered a back stress fracture raised the prospect of a strong batting lineup with Santner down at eight. Hesson will toss up between Anderson or a fourth seamer, with Henry hammering at the selection door to join Southee, Trent Boult and Doug Bracewell after the summer he's had with the ball.
New Zealand squad for two-test series against Australia: Brendon McCullum (captain), Martin Guptill, Tom Latham, Kane Williamson, Henry Nicholls, Mitchell Santner, Corey Anderson, BJ Watling/Luke Ronchi, Doug Bracewell, Tim Southee, Matt Henry, Neil Wagner, Trent Boult.
Image caption The graffiti appeared recently next to the pothole on the A835
A council has said graffiti should not be used as a means of alerting it to potholes after a phrase with strong language was sprayed next to a hole.
The graffiti has appeared on the A835 in Ullapool at a pothole that has been in the road for at least the past week.
The hole is about half a mile from a Highland Council yard.
The local authority said people should not be painting graffiti on roads and to report potholes via its website or calling its service centre.
Image caption The council has now painted out the graffiti but not repaired the pothole
A spokesman for Highland Council said: "Community services will inspect roads in that locality and repair any potholes that present a hazard, ideally filling all if that can be afforded.
"The team in Ullapool will try to erase the graffiti. They are limited to non-destructive means unless there is a structural reason to patch a wider area as a repair.
"Any such graffiti therefore would increase the pressure on limited resources."
Since making the statement, the graffiti has been painted over, but the pothole had not been filled in.
I watched with horror as the dust cloud rose in the air from the destruction by ISIS of the most ancient monuments of history; like Bel, the house of worship in Palmyra, Syria. This destruction happened just a week after they obliterated the 2,000 year-old holy site of Baalshamin in that ancient Syrian city. The only response to this is a heavy heart and deeply visceral disgust. We are witnessing a wholesale attack on the history of our world's cultural evolution; a battle to force upon a naive public a falsified change to the record and course of history, simply and brutally by wiping away centuries of evidence. It is beyond and inexcusably wrong that the next generations will never see these iconic buildings, which were archaeological jewels of the Middle East. It is also inexcusably wrong that the precious relics of our mankind's ancient history will be lost forever. Irreplaceable markers of our world's civilizations are being systematically wiped away, shining a harsh light on what a dangerous situation Israel and our allies are facing and living in.
And one of these allies is the majority-Muslim nation of Azerbaijan. European Business Review's recent post about finding solutions to ISIS, highlights crucial distinctions that set Azerbaijan far apart from the extremism and radical violence overrunning much of the Caucasus and Middle East. Azerbaijan, which is secular, progressive, and tolerant of all ethnic and religious minorities, has averted radicalism and extremism, and shares decades of strong relations with the U.S. and Israel. And this positive development has happened while 20 percent of Azerbaijan's territory remains under illegal military occupation by Armenia, which carried out a violent war against Azerbaijan in early 1990s. Today, those occupied regions, which were ethnically cleansed of their 800,000 indigenous Azerbaijani population, are still enduring the fallout of an aggression most notably distinguished by its brutality.
Beyond the ethnic cleansing of Azerbaijan's occupied lands, another, even more compounding cleansing was also carried out by the invaders – not only during the armed hostilities, but also during the time of ceasefire that has been in place since 1994. That extended assault was cultural cleansing, resulting in the destruction of hundreds of Azerbaijani historical monuments, cemeteries, places of worship, relics and the physical history of entire Azerbaijani villages. In 2010, Swiss journalist Andre Widmer visited the occupied regions of Azerbaijan, and described later how the Armenian invaders had destroyed many ancient monuments of Azerbaijani culture and history. Among the destroyed cities and towns, he specifically mentioned Aghdam, once 50,000-strong Azerbaijani populated city, which was leveled to the ground in the years following the occupation. Widmer writes: “Yet even today, almost 20 years after the ceasefire was signed, the occupiers continue to loot Aghdam… A city of Agdam has been reduced to the state of a spare parts depot for the victors of the war… Agdam, robbed of the pulsating life of civilization, of cultural assets and of infrastructure, has become a lonely, eerie place in no-mans-land.” (Andre Widmer, “The Forgotten Conflict: Two Decades after the Nagorno-Karabakh War,” Schellenberg Druck AG, 2013, page 75). Another journalist, renowned British expert on the Caucasus Thomas de Waal was appalled by the level of destruction carried out by Armenians in Aghdam and likened it to “small Hiroshima” (De Waal, “Black Garden: Armenia and Azerbaijan Through Peace and War”, 10th Year Anniversary Edition, NYU Press, Jul 8, 2013, page 6).
Now, the Armenian government is heavily involved trying to somehow “find an ancient Armenian civilization” in these previously Azerbaijani-populated areas. Moreover, Armenia is diligently changing the names of all Azerbaijani towns and villages into Armenian ones trying to erase every trace of Azerbaijani presence in the occupied lands. Much the way ISIS is trying to recreate history in their shadow, so are the Armenian occupiers focused on a total replacement of the facts of history.
The cultural cleansing was such a priority of the invaders, it transcended the occupied lands of Azerbaijan. Many monuments of Azerbaijani cultural heritage and evidence of Azerbaijani life in Armenia were destroyed, artifacts belonging to a once 300,000 strong indigenous Azerbaijani population of Armenia; all expelled during the war. For instance, here is a short video (filmed by an Armenian reporter) of one of the many destroyed Azerbaijani graveyards in Armenia.
That Azerbaijan has survived, despite these inhumanities, and turned into a thriving island of progress and stability in a tough neighborhood, is a weak thread of hope for Syria and similarly vulnerable nations to rely on. The current and historical differences are vast, the outcomes impossible to compare or suggest. But the depth of impact from the ISIS-like action that took place against Azerbaijan can offer some insight into what may come after the dust has settled.
Daily, we consume existentially painful news on the destruction in Syria and other places too, and we can barely create the time or space to recognize and mourn the wreckage of humanity and heritage; there will be more news of more intensifying carnage to grab our attention tomorrow. But ISIS and those alike are consuming life and legacy at once, marching bloodsoaked across the smashed dust of our most ancient vestiges. For either Bel in Syria, the ancient city of Nimrud in Iraq or the historic town of Aghdam in Azerbaijan, these irrevocable demolitions are an invasion on the basic story of our collective existence. For the lives taken by ISIS and the history of those lives, now demolished, what will be left in that part of the world to see, experience and understand? On an even darker note, all of these raises the question as to how future generations will even know the difference, while ISIS and extremist groups similar to ISIS crush and destroy our most precious etiology, stamping out the evidence of history and culture like dust into the earth, and leaving in its place only the decaying remains of stolen life, to be shortly disremembered, and eventually erased in perpetuity.
In these economic times, the reddening numbers amid American family ledgers cry out for relief. Whether we find our indulgences among debt related to credit cards, health care, vacations, mortgages, businesses, sporting interests, or shoes, we all want our red to go away. Everyone wants "theirs." Where's my stimulus? Why just the banks? Indeed.
Yet, one group may find such relief. In his first State of the Union address, Obama proposed a series of reforms and relief for college students and graduates struggling with overwhelming loan debt.
To make college more affordable, this bill will finally end the unwarranted taxpayer subsidies that go to banks for student loans. (Applause.) Instead, let's take that money and give families a $10,000 tax credit for four years of college and increase Pell Grants. (Applause.) And let's tell another one million students that when they graduate, they will be required to pay only 10 percent of their income on student loans, and all of their debt will be forgiven after 20 years -- and forgiven after 10 years if they choose a career in public service, because in the United States of America, no one should go broke because they chose to go to college. (Applause.)
The Path to Educational Debt: Of all the indulgences, education has long been viewed as a "responsible" investment, a value-adding debt which raises not only personal but also societal standards of living as an investment in the future and in the intellectual backbone of our country. American ingenuity, innovation, and critical thinking are dependable national treasures long proven as a necessary impetus toward our common healthier socio-economic future.
Like most loans, the student loan can be paradoxically characterized as both a gift and an albatross. The borrower has a dream for which he or she cannot pay, and as Pell and other educational grants thin to the point of passe', lenders cast the student loan albatross as a pot of gold. Faust could have told us it would go this way. . .
Sign here to make your American dream come true. Be anything, or any two or three things that strike your fancy. Just sign here; the interest is low, and should there be a problem later, there are safety mechanisms built into the fine print. Not to worry - it's the great low-interest program through which we Americans achieve our highest ambitions. Here's a pen.
The Unique Characteristics of Student Loans: The seduction of this particular albatross is one of the unsung culprits underlying our current nest of economic troubles. Holding much the same allure and toxicity as the infamous sub-prime mortgage, the student loan industry is saturated with private loan scams and predatory usury practices. The student borrows from a place of unemployment based on an expectation of higher yielding income than jobs requiring little or no education. One's "collateral" is the future.
Yet, unlike other loans, a student loan sticks to the borrower like super-glue. Not even bankruptcy separates one from the student loan obligation, because, of course, knowledge has become a part of the student's very being. The pound of flesh is the educated mind which can't be repossessed or undone, at least, not yet.
So, throughout America, educated borrowers struggle under the same economic challenges as the rest of their fellow citizens. Unemployment, foreclosures, increases to credit card interests, and a host of financial issues plague all Americans who, whether out of self-indulgence or desperation, have risked and chosen their way into debt. Yet, the average citizen can also choose to start over. Through the option of a fresh start, a chance to reboot and to begin anew, you can cut your losses, give the house back, erase gambling debts or settle credit card balances for a fraction. Although your credit may stink for a while, your income becomes your own again, and in seven years, you can become a brand-new person . . . squeaky clean, debt free, and wiser.
Yet, for the student borrower, there's no divorce, no witness protection, no foreclosure, and no emancipation from the student loan - no way of divesting the loan other than repayment, whether in good standing or in default. You either pay it standing up, or you pay it lying down, from the mat. You escape only through death.
The stick-to-itiveness of the student loan permeates even the extent to which one can become accredited in one's field, for often, accrediting boards deny licenses or license renewals to a host of medical and legal professionals based solely on their student loan debt. Not so funny . . . all that work and debt to pursue the American dream, only to be turned away at the door of one's best hope to repay the debt. Writing at OpenSalon.com, David A. Love similarly drills into the complexities of the issue, calling student loans, "that hot mess known as the student loan hustle."
Grassroots Efforts Toward Student Loan Debt Relief: Despite critics' claims that student borrowers want something for nothing, most student loan borrowers understand the gravity of their obligation and want to repay their loans. They understand that they have benefited, and that the loan is of their own making. Those who are educated understand that they play an important role in society, and that their choices, in part, drive much of social change. So, what to do?
Last year, Huffington Post's Jon Chattman wrote of the Forgive Student Loans Debt campaign launched by attorney Robert Applebaum, whose Facebook group now includes over 260,000 supporters of his proposal, Forgive Student Loan Debt to Stimulate the Economy. Applebaum argues that forgiving student loan debts would allow a large population of the middle class to spend their earnings as consumers. The lower one's income, the less likely one is to spend beyond necessities. Whether the loans are ultimately forgiven, partially forgiven, or traded through a program of public service, Applebaum maintains that the cumulative effect would be to render stimulus to the American economy in times of crisis. Apparently, President Obama has seen some merit in this.
Obama's Proposed Elimination of Taxpayer Subsidies for Banks Providing Student Loans: In September, 2009, the House voted 253-171 that the government should stop subsidizing the banking middlemen and use the money for direct loans and grants. Indeed, why should banks get free government subsidies to provide loans for which they are guaranteed repayment? For any other private loan, the bank assumes risk, but in addition to the government subsidy and the guarantee, private student loans carry the worst terms not only prone to lender abuse, but to university kickbacks from the lender. Succumbing to lobbyist pressures, Senator Ben Nelson of Nebraska has threatened to block passage of the Senate bill.
Unfortunately, it may be too late to save students from the private loan debacle, unless they are given a dose of the sub-prime mortgage medicine. On the other hand, Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio has introduced a bill that would allow a "debt swap" in which private loans could be refinanced as lower interest federal Stafford Loans. Well, it's something.
Obama's Proposed Increase to Pell Grants and $10,000 Tax Credit for Four Years of College: Students not only struggle with their course load, but they often hold two or more low-paying jobs which barely keep them in Raman noodles. Thus, tax credits and increased Pell Grants offer a welcome relief for students who face ever increasing tuition costs despite the dark economy. Thankfully, Obama's tax credit proposal extends to incoming students not yet under the burden of stifling student loans.
Obama's Proposed Student Loan Repayments Capped at 10 Percent of Income: For most student loan borrowers, there are no extras - no big screen televisions or extra cars or vacations in the Hamptons, for the borrower is often underemployed or working outside his or her field of training. Under the current circumstances, monthly payments of $500-$3,000 preclude purchases beyond basic necessities. As health care and mortgage debts compromise one's ability to repay, late payment penalties and compounded interest jack up the debt by exponential leaps and bounds. A 10 percent monthly payment cap most immediately returns the indentured educated class to the consumer pool, effectively lightening the burden of the albatross.
Obama's Proposed Student Loan Debt Forgiven After 20 Years or After 10 Years if the Student Enters Public Service: Though full loan forgiveness may have the potential to stimulate the economy even more than the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009, it's unclear when the first students would experience their newly cleaned slates. Would those who have already been paying for 10 years find immediate relief, or would clock start only for the newly graduating?
Indeed, federal loan forgiveness is already linked to service professions like government workers, teachers, nurses, and Peace Corps volunteers, but Obama's proposal offers a visible horizon for all such borrowers. If one pays only 10% of the debt over 20 years, a lucrative career may be feasible, while the 10 year forgiveness mark for public servants offers a reasonable balancing incentive to remain in less lucrative jobs.
Robert Applebaum views the president's remarks as an amazing step in the right direction, he posts his initial questions: "will it include private loans or just federal loans? Will the forgiven amount be treated as taxable income? What exactly is a "livable wage?" What about restoring basic consumer protections to student loans? Will interest rates be capped as well?"
Despite President Obama's State of the Union admonishment that we should all get along, Republicans will react with typical humbuggery to this idea. Surely you jest! Handouts that promote intellectualism, progressive endeavors, and scientific investigation? Not in MY belief system! Something for nothing? Boo, hiss. My outrage runneth over - again.
Yet this is change in which we can believe. Money left in the pockets of the educated class finds a direct path to entrepreneurial business investment, mortgage payoffs, and the resolution of other debts, all of which ultimately regain consumer credit strength. Student loan relief may affect a specific population of debt holders, but it's a population with the potential buying power critical to the economic recovery of our local and national endeavors.
British artist Matt Mahdavi is concluding his guest residency at 3331 Arts Chiyoda with this two-week exhibition featuring large-size prints of manipulated photos created during his stay in Tokyo. As Mahdavi tells us, 'the universe is an endless, chaotic Fibonacci sequence like subways and metros under roads and streets, cables above and caverns below.' This perspective leads him to observe that 'living in a chaotic city stacked like this...it's easy to forget what you are. 'You can look up at something into infinity and look down through something into infinity just to come out the other side – the universe is ins and outs. Zoom out, find ourselves to be inside a curb in a road, trapped in relativity.' Find out what all that means from January 6, and make sure to also play with 'Terminal' – the artist's interactive installation which is based on his research into simulation theory – when visiting room B108 of the former junior high school.
One of the men charged with killing the cousin of NBA star Dwyane Wade was "on his daily break from an electronic monitoring bracelet" at the time of the murder, Chicago police said Sunday.
An exasperated Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie T. Johnson said at a news conference that Derren Sorrells' ankle monitor wasn't active when 32-year-old Nykea Aldridge was shot and killed in front of a school on Friday. Sorrells and his brother, Darwin Sorrells Jr., were charged with first-degree murder and attempted murder on Sunday.
"When Nykea Aldridge registered her child at school on Friday afternoon she wasn't aware that shed be the subject of national headlines just hours later," Johnson said.
Both brothers were known gang members and repeat offenders, Johnson said. Darwin had been out on parole since February and was a "career gun offender," Johnson said. Derren had six prior felony arrests. Derren's ankle monitor was inactive from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., ostensibly so he could look for work, Chicago police Cmdr. Brendan Deenihan said on Sunday.
“This individual chose to use his time by killing someone," Deenihan said.
Police believe the Sorrells brothers intended to shoot the driver of a vehicle that ferried Aldridge to the school where she was attempting to register her child. The driver, who immediately cooperated with police, was allegedly targeted because he "exchanges looks" with the suspects and was from out of town, Deenihan said. The Sorrells tried chasing the driver down and fired at him, police said, but instead hit Aldridge, who was pushing a baby carriage.
Aldridge was hit in the head and arm. The baby was not injured.
Deenihan said investigators were able to identify the Sorrells after viewing surveillance video from the school and speaking with a school security officer.
Chicago has been in the throes of a major uptick in gun violence this year, largely centered in a few South and West Side neighborhoods, after years of seeing declines. This July alone, there were 65 homicides — the most that month since 2006.
Wade, whose charitable organization, Wade's World Foundation, does community outreach in the Chicago area, signed with the Chicago Bulls in July after 13 years with the Miami Heat. He and his mother, pastor Jolinda Wade, participated Thursday via satellite in a town hall meeting in Chicago on gun violence hosted by ESPN.
Wade has reacted to his cousin's shooting only online, tweeting Friday: "My cousin was killed today in Chicago. Another act of senseless gun violence. 4 kids lost their mom for NO REASON. Unreal. #EnoughIsEnough."
Wade also tweeted Saturday morning: "The city of Chicago is hurting. We need more help& more hands on deck. Not for me and my family but for the future of our world. The YOUTH!" adding in a following tweet, "These young kids are screaming for help!!! #EnoughIsEnough."
It is not the first time Dwyane Wade's family in Chicago has been affected by gun violence. His nephew, Darin Johnson, was shot twice in the leg in 2012 but recovered.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio got pretty testy at his press conference today after being asked about hateful language being used by protesters who have been taking to the streets all month. When asked about certain protesters chanting things like “NYPD KKK” or “dead cops,” de Blasio scolded the reporter who asked the question, and the media at large, for hyping the bad actors in disservice to the majority of peaceful protesters.
The protests in New York that were already going on in reaction to the grand jury decision in the case of Michael Brown, but the protests grew large when the Eric Garner grand jury returned with a non-indictment too. De Blasio took offense at the question about hateful protesters and asked, “Are you gonna keep dividing us?”
He touted the weeks of peaceful, non-violent protests, and said, “What you managed to do is pull up the few who do not represent the majority, who are saying unacceptable things.” The mayor ever went so far as to suggest the media is enabling conflict by hyping it so much.
When the reporter attempted to push back, de Blasio said, “That's how you want to portray the world… They, my friend, are not the majority. Stop portraying them as a majority.”
Watch the video below, via CNN:
[image via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Last year, in honor of the space travel franchise's 50th anniversary, New York's Shmaltz Brewing released two officially licensed Golden Anniversary Ales. Now, for 2017, the brewery has announced it has three more limited edition Star Trek beers on the way. At this rate, Shmaltz is going to be more dependent on Star Trek than Leonard Nimoy's acting career! (RIP, or course.)
For the first of these new releases, Shmaltz is expanding the Star Trek beer universe, getting away from Golden Ales and shifting to an Imperial Porter. Star Trek Klingon Imperial Porter, as the brew is called to the delight of fans of the makeup-intensive alien race, is an intense take on the dark style which, according to a press release, features “ruby undertones that pay homage to Klingon Bloodwine and fallen warriors who hold honor above life.” Alright, you had me, and then you lost me.
In fact, most of the press release will be over non-Star Trek fan's heads. “'There is no honor in attacking the weak,' so take pleasure in besieging this 7.3% ABV Imperial Porter,” the brand writes. “But like this mighty brew, Klingons also have a sweet side: Witness the wedding ritual where the gods forge two hearts so strong that once joined together cannot be opposed. (Just ignore the part of the ceremony where the groom swings his bat'leth at the bride!)” Um, how much research do I have to do to drink this beer? They could at least include a footnote on what episode they're talking about.
Related: STOCK UP ON GAME OF THRONES WINE BEFORE SEASON 7
This Klingon-themed libation debuts this week and will be sold as 4-packs in the 35 states in which Shmaltz is distributed. It will be also available on draft – at places like that bar you're realizing you definitely should have not brought your Tinder date to.
As for the remaining two-Star Trek beers slated to be released later in 2017, Shmaltz is keep the details of those under wraps. But logic and reason tells me a Vulcan beer may be in the cards. Maybe “The Search for DoppelSpock”?
Nothing beats building rapport with business prospects. This is the secret to a successful generation of B2B leads. Rapport is the foundation that supports your interaction with prospects. If you want to be more effective in appointment setting, you have to know how to build rapport. It is not an inborn skill that only a few can do. Rather, it is a set of communication skills that you can learn, perfected every time it is used. In today's highly competitive business environment, it can make a big difference in your inside sales campaign. How you build rapport with your prospects will determine whether they will stay with you or look to your competitors. How quickly you can do that will depend on how well you follow these simple tips:
First, you to show genuine interest in your prospects. This is one part that you should never do half- heartedly. People these days can be particularly sharp when it comes to identifying insincerity. If they detect that from you, then your job turning them into qualified sales leads becomes even harder. So be real when you come to them.
Second, listen carefully, picking up phrases and key words that your prospects likes to use. Incorporate them subtly in your conversations. It would also help if you could quietly follow their manner of speaking as well, since this shows your readiness to go to their level.
Third, observe how they prefer handling information. Do they like a detailed brochure or white paper about your business, or do they just need a summary of your offer. Some decision-makers have a thing for the smallest details, while others see the picture as a sufficient source of information.
Breathe at the same time with your prospects. You will find it easier to follow the conversation, as well as engaging them to talk more with you.
Next, keep a eye on the prospect's underlying intentions – their real aim. Often times, what they really want is not exactly what they say or do. In fact, they might have no idea what they actually need. You have to be very sharp in this in lead generation.
Another tip you need to remember your mannerism. This is so true, especially when you are in a face-to-face conversation with prospects. It would be great if you could subtly adopt their body language, their gestures, tone of voice, and speed of talking. Doing these will help you connect better with prospects.
Lastly, show respect for their time, energy, and money. Do not dilly-dally, show value in your offer, and be real. These will help you build rapport fast.
While these can be really effective marketing tips, you should remember that not all of them can fit your needs. You will need to try each one, sticking to those that will work for your appointment setting campaign. If you find new tactics to use, and if they work, use it. Business needs and demands constantly evolves, and you need to keep a sharp eye out for strategies and approaches that will help.
A 5-year-old boy from Prescott, Wis., who'd been missing for 20 hours, was found a half-mile from his home by a four-legged volunteer — an 8-year-old Golden Retriever named Autumn.
According to WCCO, when Scott Meyer disappeared from his parents home last Tuesday on a sweltering hot day, hundreds of volunteers showed up to search for the child, who has autism.
The boy's furry rescuer almost didn't join the search because his owner, Melissa Moser, was reluctant about the idea at first, but her husband, Jason Moser, convinced her to let them go.
"We were over here as soon as we could," Moser told the Star Tribune. "There are so many bad places he could have gone. There's a train down there, the river."
Autumn, who isn't a trained rescue dog, found Scott under an evergreen tree on Wednesday morning. Despite being dehydrated, sunburned and covered in bug bites, Scott is expected to make a full recovery.
Check out this video to hear more about the amazing rescue.
Published by Ewan Spence at 16:28 UTC, January 7th 2013
The TED series of talks, along with their conferences, have been gaining prominence over the last year or two, and with a lot of activity around the brand, having a central location for the content has been vital. And like every good content destination, there's an app for Windows Phone as well.
The mission of TED (which stands for Technology, Entertainment, and Design) is brought out through the talks and discussions curated by the organisation. You are guided around these by three main sections in the app...
' Talks ' will highlight many of the presentations made at TED events, all of which are available for free under a creative commons licence. Using the built-in media player, these can be browsed and searched through, then watched directly on your handset.
' will highlight many of the presentations made at TED events, all of which are available for free under a creative commons licence. Using the built-in media player, these can be browsed and searched through, then watched directly on your handset. ' Blogs ' brings thoughts and opinions from many TED alumni on the issues of the
' brings thoughts and opinions from many TED alumni on the issues of the also have a 'My Favourites' section so you can keep track of all the content you find in the app and are able to jump back to an item as quickly as possible.
You can download the TED application direct from the Windows Store.
Though no official statistics around maternal mortality in Venezuela have been published since 2015, many revolutionary women's and feminist movements assert that maternal deaths have risen sharply in the last few years.
According to Virginia Martinez of the popular feminist movement Mujeres Por La Vida (Women for Life), her organization has received “very alarming statistics” in relation to maternal fatalities over the last few years. Though this peak began in 2014, she told Venezuelanalysis that these figures are “getting even higher in the period of 2015, 2016 and 2017 as the economic war has deepened in our country.”
Martinez says that the lack of access to medicines and contraceptives is one of the main reasons for the increasing amount of high-risk pregnancies in Venezuela, which in turn has fuelled this worrying wave of maternal mortality. But she also recognizes that a series of conditions that affect pregnant women today have always existed. Not least, the violation of women's rights and the jeopardizing of their safety in maternity wards during the birthing process. She says that these underlying issues, as well as new problems, must be addressed.
Like most of the Western world, maternity wards in Venezuela have historically been places of systemic violence and abusive conditions for women. The excessive medicalization of childbirth, and the incursion of the private market into the health sector, often mean that women's rights are sacrificed on the birthing table for profit and doctor convenience. For Venezuelan women, being shouted at, spanked, forcibly shaved, and even being pushed into a cesarean are all sadly part of the birthing process.
This situation has led revolutionary women's movements to take the issue of maternal mortality to the streets. On March 8th 2017, as part of the International Women's Strike, feminist and women's organizations demanded action from the national government to reduce maternal mortality, provide adequate contraception and guarantee women's rights to pregnancies free from obstetric violence. The same groups had previously organized and written a bill for humanized childbirth in 2015, in a bid to enshrine women's birthing rights into law. Though this bill was approved in first discussion in Congress, the proposed law was subsequently abandoned by lawmakers once Venezuela's opposition won a parliamentary majority at the end of 2015.
The demands of the women's movements however, did not go unheard. Following a six month investigation, Venezuela's Ministry for Women and Gender Equality unveiled the National Plan for Humanized Childbirth, promising to revolutionize healthcare during pregnancy and childbirth.
The Humanized Birthing Plan is aimed at creating humane conditions for women before, during and after their birthing process, and requires collaboration between the Women's Ministry and the Ministry of Health. The plan includes some of the suggestions outlined in the humanized birthing bill, including the construction of pre-birthing centers, shelters for pregnant women living in extreme poverty, community outreach and training for medical professionals and public officials. Its overall objective is to change how childbirth is viewed, and to move away from medicalized procedures and towards a natural process where women are in control.
Asia Villegas, the Vice-Minister for Gender and Equality in the Women's Ministry, explains the proposal in the following way:
“This proposal was born with the intention of accompanying our pregnant women. We have understood that those 500,000 pregnant women are the state's responsibility, and as a revolutionary government, we are responsible for accompanying them. And accompanying them means guaranteeing that they have a happy, wanted and safe pregnancy.”
For Villegas, one of the main challenges that the government must confront is the amount of cesareans which make-up more than 52% of births within the public sector. Villegas emphasized that this is not just a question of decreasing cesarean interventions, but of guaranteeing that women are well informed of their options and that cesarean procedures are carried out only with the woman's consent.
This consent, she says, means providing women with “ample and acceptable information in simple terms”.
One of the main elements of the Humanized Childbirth Plan is community outreach. Experienced doulas and midwives were recruited to design the training program for thousands of community activists, who will go on to accompany women in their communities, before, during and after their pregnancies as part of this new government plan.
Maritiza Torres, one of the birthing facilitators chosen to create the training program, explains that maternal death in childbirth is often due to the cultural practice of disempowering women during the process.
“[That] experience of defenselessness, where everyone else decides for you and there is no one to give you a hand, to hug you, or to sustain you, those are the principal causes of maternal death because the woman enters in a personal, psychological, and emotional situation that does not help the process and could end fatally,” she explains.
The purpose of training community organizers is to ensure that women have access to humane accompaniment, necessary information and support during their birthing process, and to avoid the complications and sense of defenselessness that Torres describes.
The Women's Ministry says the goal is to train 10,000 female community activists as doulas to provide support to circles of 50 women during and after their pregnancies. Through this network of newly qualified, women-focused birthing facilitators, the ministry is hoping to be able to revolutionize care for the approximately 500,000 women that are pregnant in Venezuela at any one time.
According to Vice-Minister Villegas, the fact that all of the activists are women is hugely important.
“This is based on a subjective element, but a very important one, which is that women take care of other women,” she states.
The training, which is based on theories of popular feminist education, will also allow the women activists to build on and bring their own experiences as women into the health system to support and empower other women.
It's a simple objective, but a powerful one that goes to the heart of nurturing collective agency amongst women.
“It's about empowered women, who share that empowerment with others,” comments Villegas.
The training consists of three major phases. In the first phase, activists become empowered over their own bodies through a series of exercises where they learn to trust their own needs and emotional and physical signals.
During the second phase, the activists delve more deeply into the theory of humanized childbirth, and specifically into women's health and sexual and reproductive rights. Through exchanges, they learn and explore how these issues can be extended to humanized birthing and in the health sector as a whole.
The final phase, which is now being executed by activists in Caracas, marks the beginning of community outreach. During this stage, the newly trained activists inform their local community of their role, and create a census of all the pregnant women within their communities.
Though only recently implemented, the new recruits say the plan is already yielding positive results.
Saily Gimenez, a new community organizer for the Humanized Childbirth Plan in the community of Santa Rosalia in Caracas, says she feels satisfied with her experience so far.
“We have been deployed since we finished our training, it has been a very satisfying experience. We already have six circles of women, among them we have pregnant women and women who are breastfeeding. We facilitate everything like body consciousness, training in sexual and reproductive rights, in breastfeeding, and we give them support,” she told Venezuelanalysis.
“They count on us for support from when they get pregnant until they finalize their gestation. If they have to go to the doctor, if they have to go the National Institute for Nutrition, if they need massages, we also connect them with the medicine distribution system, so that they aren't thrown around. We make all of those connections so that they don't have to face all of that trauma which some have had to face in other pregnancies,” she added.
Though there remain huge challenges for the revolutionary government to tackle, such as women's limited access to contraceptives as a result of US economic sanctions, pharmaceutical importer fraud, and a drop in government imports due to the post-2014 drop in global oil prices, the Humanized Childbirth Plan is seen as a huge win for women's sexual and reproductive rights in Venezuela.
For Valentina Fagundez, a Humanized Childbirth community organizer from the populous neighbourhood of 23 de Enero in Southwest Caracas, the plan is not just an achievement for women, but for society as whole.
“This plan is an excellent tool to sensitize all of us, not just as human beings, but as a country. If we are born with violence, then we will be violent people. If other countries could copy this system, then humanity would be much more loving,” she concluded.
*Special thanks to the Ministry of Women and the Vice-Ministry for Gender and Equality for providing interviews and supporting images, as well as Rachael Boothroyd-Rojas and the entire VA team for their valuable contributions in the elaboration of this video.
Today, Tuesday, June 16 marks the beginning of the three day Philadelphia Eagles mandatory minicamp period. The entire 90-man roster is expected to be present. Unlike OTAs, attendance is not optional and players will be fined for skipping practice.
Follow @BrandonGowton
Eagles head coach Chip Kelly will speak before practice around 11:00 AM EST. Media will be able to watch the team practice starting around 11:15 AM EST. Select players will be available for media access after practice is over. Remember, no live contact is allowed at this point in the offseason. Players are allowed to wear helmets but no shells are permitted.
I'll be covering minicamp live at the NovaCare Complex (Eagles headquarters) all three days this week. Follow along with live Twitter updates from myself (@BrandonGowton) and other Philly beat reporters that will appear in the list below.
Tweets from https://twitter.com/BleedingGreen/lists/eagles-news
Stay tuned to Bleeding Green Nation for plenty of minicamp coverage including practice notes and quotes from coaches/players.
As a reminder, here's a look at the remaining Eagles offseason workout schedule. Training camp doesn't begin until early August.
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18.
BGN Coverage: The following practices are open to the media: June 16-18.
Edit: Yesterday's video highlights of the USA v. Panama World Cup Qualifier submitted without comment.
In what must be labelled as the greatest moment in Coming Home Newcastle twitter history, Callum Kane (@callumkane_) not only received a direct response from Jozy himself:
but we were able to reach out to Jozy's publicist and receive a response from him as well:
Internet geekery aside, we as a site seem to be united in our belief that 23-year old American would be a worthwhile investment by the club. However, there is significant also doubt in Newcastle support that they would be a player that Newcastle United should target. Let's take a look at the pros and cons of a Jozy Altidore to Newcastle United move:
The Case For The Prosecution
The case against Jozy Altidore hinges largely upon a perceived laziness in his early USMNT career, failed early stints with clubs after his initial move to Europe with Villarreal and the quality of the Dutch League in general. A lot of this is fair- He scored a sum total of 3 goals for his parent club while not faring much better (1 goal in 16 starts and 12 substitue appearances for Hull City in the Premier League; 1 goal in 5 starts and 6 substitute appearances for Bursaspor in the Turkish Super LIg) out on loan. For many, this time (especially the time with Hull) will be the determining factor in establishing perceived value for Altidore although he was merely 20 years old at the time and had just over 60 competitive appearances at the professional/international level to his name. For some, this is still enough - but it must be considered that recent history is littered with young "phenom" American strikers who have moved across or be signed too early and fallen off the map from what they were supposed to be (see Conor Casey, Eddie Johnson, Freddy Adu, Kenny Cooper or even Landon Donovan's early career to name a few notable recent examples). It's kind of what American attackers do. That or eventually find a Landon Donovan mid-career or Clint Dempsey role as a cut-in type winger or second striker.
Altidore detractors will also point to his apparent fall-outs with legendary Germany striker and current USMNT manager Jürgen Klinsmann during his time in charge thus far.
"I communicated with Jozy that I was not happy about his latest performances with us, maybe even over the last 14 months," Klinsmann said. "I think Jozy can do much, much better, and the reason why he's not coming in is mainly about the performances in Jamaica and at home, also in training. Also certain things that went on through the May-June camp.'' -Jürgen Klinsmann
While a lot of this is based upon a certain amount of early career misunderstanding of what high-level performance and achievement at the striker position entails, it is notable that the worst of the fallout seems to have been exacerbated by AZ by adhering strictly to FIFA regulations regarding release of players for International duty - either giving the appearance or betraying the fact (depending on which side you may be on) that Altidore was not committed to the national team cause. Whatever the ultimate cause of this rocky relationship, it does coincide with a tangible uptick in Jozy's club form. While his switch to AZ Alkmaar occurred in the same general time window as Klinsmann's appointment as USMNT manager, it's not outside of reason that the two variables are independent of each other - and have been assimilated by Altidore to fuel a tremendous growth in on-pitch attitude and skill development.
The third main argument against bringing Jozy to Newcastle is predicated upon the fact that his success has come in the Dutch League, an argument that I find not only hard to believe in but also largely incongruous in the scheme of transfer desires - if you're willing to have the likes of Toby Alderweireld, Douglas or Jan Vertonghen (for instance) in your squad then an argument that the defensive quality in the Eredivisie is suspect at best. Defensive quality is going to vary vastly within divisions and within leagues - any goal compilation is going to feature its fair share of defensive SNAFUs from which the goal scorer benefitted. It is dangerous ground to tread, but I did find this while reading around on Jozy:
Interesting to note:
Jozy had 15 goals in his first season in the Eredivisie at age 22.
Luis Suarez (Ajax) had 17 goals in his first season in the Eredivisie at age 21.
Romario (PSV) had 19 goals in his first season in the Eredivisie at age 23.
Dennis Bergkamp (Ajax) had five goals, 13 goals and eight goals in his first three seasons in the Eredivisie, and had between 25-30 appearances in each of those seasons. (Jozy had 34 appearances this season).
Ruud van Nistelrooy (PSV) had 13 goals in 31 appearances in the Eredivisie at age 22.
John D. Halloran, July 10, 2012
Each of these players made a mark in the Eredivisie at a young age. Each of them went on to be a world-class striker. Numbers are a dangerous thing - the likes of Dirk Kuyt, Salomon Kalou and Bryan Ruiz have all featured in the top-10 scorers list for the Eredivisie and had tepid goal scoring records in the Premier League. There is no guarantee that Jozy will turn into anything like any of the strikers listed above. Is it completely out of the realm of possibility? Certainly not.
The Case For The Defense
So I have managed to self-wreck the way I had this set out (largely) as I can't manage to make the argument against without countering with the argument for in counterpoint. Allow me to present the obligatory Jozy highlight YouTube extrevaganza:
How Could Jozy Fit In At Newcastle
Following the sale of Demba Ba to Chelsea, Newcastle struggled offensively. Without the presence of a target-type frontman, Papiss Cissé was employed as a single striker - a role in which he struggled mightily. In addition, the midfield struggled with the tactical ideas of the 4-2-3-1 that Alan Pardew insisted on employing - or at very least with the ideas Pardew had about how the 4-2-3-1 should function. Gone was the fluid passing team and attractive football that we enjoyed during the 2011-12 season. Exaggerated was the tendency to play a long ball either directly from defense or from deep in the midfield. Enter Jozy Altidore.
Jozy can function as a target man - he is strong enough and accomplished enough in the air to control, flick on or hold up play as necessary. If Cissé can go back to playing off of another player (as he was able to in the 4-3-3 following his move in January 2012), it stands to reason that he will be able to play more naturally and instinctively and (hopefully) return to the rich vein of goalscoring that he was playing from prior to this past season. Could it be as easy as "stop asking Cissé to think so much"? I guess we'll find out... but having Jozy to play off of sure couldn't hurt either way.
As I mentioned earlier, Jozy's success has coincided with his move to Alkmaar and their 4-3-3 formation. Interestingly, a Jozy to Newcastle move would effectively preclude a shift back to the 4-3-3 for Newcastle United. Shifting either Cissé or Altidore to the wing would likely be unfruitful (proven in Cissé's case while Altidore has played almost exclusively as the center in the 4-3-3 at AZ). Perhaps a 4-3-1-2 would be more appropriate looking like this:
Krul Debuchy -- Yanga-Mbiwa -- Coloccini -- Santon Cabaye -- Tiote -- Sissoko Ben Arfa Altidore -- Cissé
This particular lineup is full of attacking potential and could easily morph into a 4-1-3-2 if you were to want to push Cabaye/Sissoko further up the pitch (which I would be a fan of, especially in Cabaye's case). It would mean a little less reliance on Debuchy / Santon pushing forward if you were to do so, but you could certainly make a case that it would be preferable, for sure. A lot of this, of course, depends upon keeping the players involved with the club. It also limits (yet again) the opportunities of players like Sylvain Marveaux and Yoan Gouffran. Frankly, for me, I wouldn't hate Gouffran in the Ben Arfa role with freedom to run off of Altidore/Cissé or provide angled runs from the center.
The Jozy Toolkit
While he's never likely to be a Big Dunc or a Sir Les, for instance, Jozy is competent in the air. He can score from his head and can provide for other attacking chances from his head. He has exhibited good positioning and decision making with regards to when to pull play back, when to attack the defense and where to be to receive a cross in the most advantageous position. He has speed enough, even if he's not Craig Bellamy fast, strength enough to fight off center backs, the desire and ability to keep improving and the ability to keep fighting when situations become tough. At 23, he has likely not peaked - physically or skill-wise - and if he were able to take some schooling from the likes of Peter Beardsley or (if he would be so willing) the likes of Alan Shearer, I believe you would be dealing with a very very well spent £3.2m.
More: NUFC after Douglas
Dragon Kings encapsulates the entire deck building experience within a 54 Card deck. Whereas other deck building games can include 500+ cards and cost up to $100; Dragon Kings creates a concise game which can fit in a player's back pocket and cost less than $10.
Dragon Kings is a deck building game. Each player begins the game with an identical deck, as players progress through the game they add more powerful cards from a communal pool to create more powerful decks.
Although specifically designed for 2 players, Dragon Kings can be played by to 4 players by combining two decks.
Rather than explain all the intricacies, check out the rules and free Print'n'Play here.
Check out some of our cards;
Yes!!!
Dragon Kings is an entirely new and completely unreleased product; however to ensure there were no hiccups in the manufacturing of the game, we completed the first round of manufacturing BEFORE our Kickstarter campaign.
We hope this will allow backers to support this project with confidence that a product will be delivered. Furthermore, combined with our 7 day campaign length this means there is an even shorter turn around between pledging to the campaign and receiving rewards.
By completing manufacturing prior to launching our Kickstarter we've overcome many of the hurdles that precede releasing a game. However before releasing Dragon Kings there are further considerations we hope to address, most notably updating our online store and exploring avenues to see Dragon Kings in brick-and-mortar stores.
Launching this project will also give A Thousand Face Publishing valuable experience with the Kickstarter platform, a platform we hope to use as we tackle more ambitious and exciting projects.
Laura Reynolds
The North London Street Where Tube Moquette Is Born
From the pedestrian crossing outside, you'd have no idea that this was anything other than a normal gift shop, with colourful cushions and ties hanging in the windows. But five tube moquettes have been born within these very walls, tested out on the loom tucked away in the quiet backstreets of Islington.
You might expect the prestigious job of designing for TfL to go to a large multi-national corporation. Not so. Wallace Sewell is a small team of seven, founded and headed up by textile designers Harriet Wallace-Jones and Emma Sewell, who met while studying at Royal College of Art in the late 1980s.
Inside the shop
Inside the small corner shop — once probably a literal corner shop — moquette doesn't feature as heavily as we'd hoped. Priority is given to Wallace Sewell's own designs, and Sewell explains that they're not allowed to sell their moquette designs here; that honour belongs solely to the London Transport Museum shop. There are, however, a cluster of seat cubes in those recognisable moquettes. Trams, London Overground and the Barman are parked up side by side in a sight guaranteed to please any Londoner.
We're here to get the lowdown on how they go about designing those instantly recognisable seats that millions of people sit on every year.
How it began: the Overground
Wallace Sewell's Overground moquette. Photo: LFaurePhotos
Wallace Sewell's underground adventure actually began above ground in 2007, designing the moquette for the London Overground. It was among five companies approached by TfL, and asked to put forward seat designs for consideration.
Before the Overground moquette, TfL recruited individual designers, including Misha Black who created the 1970s District line pattern. Wallace-Jones and Sewell admit to wanting to create an "homage to Misha Black" in the Overground moquette that they designed — which won them the commission and still adorns the 'ginger line' as it approaches its 10th birthday.
The trams
Image: TfL
TfL must have liked the results. It approached the company again to add some colour to Croydon's Tramlink in 2010. Emma explains the thought process behind this one; "The brief was a suburban theme; city meets country", just like the suburbs of Croydon itself.
Designing a transport moquette isn't as much of a blank canvas as you might think; TfL dictates the four colours to be used in each moquette, right down to the specific pantones. While some designers might find that restrictive, this pair relish the challenge, using their knowledge of colour theory from their academic days. Their aim?:
Take four colours, make it work, make it beautiful.
Wallace Sewell was involved in the development process for the tram moquette too, helping to translate the design onto fabric — turns out it's not as simple as picking your colours, doodling your design, and sending it off to the loom.
For example, Harriet points out, the tram moquette consists of just white, grey, green and red. Yet look closer: while the thicker red stripes do look red, the thinner ones on the green background have more of an orange hue to them, despite consisting of the same thread.
The wall of the shop and studio is adorned with the yarns they work with
Yarn colour intensity is a factor too— pantone colours look a lot darker in the thick pile of a moquette than they do in flat designs, so time has to be spent altering the colours accordingly. Not a problem: "We love trying to make colour do things" says Sewell. Shades and hues and pantones are all part of the fun for this pair.
Wallace Sewell have their own loom downstairs, which we see in use. They mock up their designs once they've got them down on paper, and get an idea of how those colours are looking. Today, they're creating mock-ups for another project the company is working on.
The loom in use.
Once that final design is settled, it's passed on to textile production company Camira to bring to life. Most of the moquette is now produced in Lithuania — in fact, the tram moquette was the last thing woven at Camira's UK site.
The iconic Barman
Barman and its Bakerloo remake sit side by side
Their third TfL design, the Barman moquette, is the one they're most proud of — no surprise, considering how iconic it's become. Harriet is sitting on a cube wrapped in this very moquette as they reminisce about entering the competition to design it. Talking about the many, many designs they came up with to enter, it's clear they had some fun along the way.
"No, we didn't enter that one in the end" interrupts Wallace-Jones, as Sewell begins pulling doodles and flatplans out of a plastic wallet. So determined were they to win the public competition, they each entered two designs into the public competition — you can see the ones that didn't win here.
The Barman that could have been...
The brief was 'spirit of London', but several other factors came into play. They were going for a "busy pattern" to ensure it concealed the dirt, but the pattern had to not be too large, to economise on material when cutting it to fit the seats. There's a lot more to this moquette malarkey than we imagined.
'Interim Crossrail'
The 'Interim Crossrail' moquette, and the priority seat version which is used on the end seats. Note how there are only ever two colours in one stripe
Barman may be their most recognisable work, but they've produced two further seat-warmers since then. It's 'Interim Crossrail' (as they like to call it) which gives us the most insight into the design process. This was the recent revamp of the TfL Rail trains pottering between Liverpool Street and Shenfield. The trains will be going out of service in 2019 when Crossrail proper picks up the route, so TfL wasn't too fussy about what this moquette looked like, specifying only that it should be as cheap to make as possible.
Harriet and Emma took a ride on the route themselves in search of inspiration, taking photos of everything they saw from the train window, from the unusual to the mundane. One photo in particular stood out to them — we're not going to pretend we understand why — and they took it from there:
The photo which inspired the 'Interim Crossrail' moquette
As for making it cheaply, look closely at the moquette. Despite using more than the standard four colours in the design, each 'row' only has two colours to it. Due to the way the weaving is done, this reduces the amount of thread necessary, reducing overall production costs. Clever stuff.
Designing the Crossrail moquette
The pair's most recent contribution to the TfL network is the Crossrail moquette, seen in designs as early as 2015, and unveiled to the world when the new trains began running in June 2017. The trains caused a bit of a stir but what many people don't realise is that rereleasing the Barman in a different colour palette was mooted briefly (as has been done on the Bakerloo line). We'd love to see the Barman in various shades of lilac and lavender, but TfL decided it was not to be, and so a whole new design was called for.
Given that this design is the freshest in their minds, we take the opportunity to probe Sewell and Wallace Jones about the process of designing for TfL.
Wallace-Jones awash in a sea of moquette
They make it sound surprisingly simple, having just two meetings with TfL between submitting their first and final designs. And yet, there are clearly frustrations working with such a large organisation, with multiple people from different departments having to sign off every tiny detail. It couldn't be more of a contrast from Wallace Sewell's own set-up, their staff clustered together around desks at the back of the shop.
How long does it take to design a moquette?
The Crossrail project had been on the horizon for a year but we had just four weeks between the final brief and the deadline.
So after months of hanging around, it was all systems go.
Naturally, they're proud of what they've done — although extremely modest about the fact that millions of people a year sit on their work. Wallace-Jones laughs as she tells us about her Dorset-dwelling husband on a rare trip to London. "He turned to the woman next to him on the tube and told her that I'd designed these very seats".
Wallace-Jones (left) and Sewell, sitting on the moquette cubes in their Islington store store
Sewell has a similar story. Her daughter, who was seven when the Overground moquette was rolled out, actually rode the line before Sewell herself did, and spent the journey telling a carriage full of strangers that her mum had designed the seats. "They were all charmed by her, apparently".
Now that Crossrail is up and running, focus is very much back on Wallace Sewell's own designs. They've been commissioned to design products for the likes of the Tate gift shops, and have stock appearing in all manner of high street and high-end interior design stores. Keep an eye on their website for further details.
Could they be called up for moquette duty again when Crossrail 2 makes its long-awaited appearance? Watch this space...
1985 BMW M635 CSi Reading time: about 2 minutes. BMW
Cars
Luxury
The BMW M635 CSi is one of those cars from the '80s that helped define performance motoring for the decade, and unlike its competitors from the era of big hair, keytars and trickledown economics – it's still almost affordable.
The M88 engine used in the M635 CSi is one of the finest ever made by BMW, it's the same unit used in the M1 supercar and a modified version of the engine used in the iconic BMW 3.0CSi. BMW introduced the M88 in 1978 and kept tweaking it until 1989 – giving it an impressive 11 year production run.
The inline-6 DOHC, 24-valve unit used in the M635 CSi had a swept capacity of 3.5 litres and produces 282 hp, power is fed to the rear wheels via a close ratio 5-speed transmission and a limited slip differential that was fitted as standard. In 1987 the team at Car and Driver tested the US-spec version of the M6 and managed a 0-60 mph time of 6.1 seconds – notably less than the official BMW time of 6.8 for the same spec car.
As a grand tourer, many consider the M635 CSi to be one of the best produced during the 1980s. It was a car that shared space near the top of the automotive food chain with Porsches, Aston Martins, Jaguars, and even Ferraris – the comparable Ferrari 412 had a 0-60 mph time of 6.7 seconds, 0.6 of a second slower than the BMW.
Bonhams have estimated the value of this particular M6 at £20,000 to £25,000, which seems like bargain bin pricing when you look at the skyrocketing values of the car's peers from the same era. With styling that is clearly influenced by the BMW 3.0CSi and that M badge on the trunk, it's very likely that this model is overdue for one of those spikes in value that leave you wishing you'd picked one up when it was only expensive – rather than extortionate.
Click here to visit Bonhams and read more about this car.
It might not be an ending out of "The Natural," but the aura surrounding Trey Mancini's bat supply after the Orioles' 11-4 win over the Blue Jays was worthy of a Hollywood script.
Mancini had his second two-homer game in three games, and his seven career homers are tied for the most by any player through his first 12 major league games. Colorado's Trevor Story did it last season and Pittsburgh's Dino Restelli in 1949.
After Mancini hit his second homer Sunday, a mammoth solo home run to the deepest part of The Rogers Centre that landed in the center field batter's eye area, his Orioles teammates wanted a part of Mancini's home run mojo.
Later in that five-run eighth inning, left fielder Craig Gentry borrowed one of Mancini's bats – he uses a Louisville Slugger C243 model -- then hit a two-run homer to left. And two batters later, third baseman Manny Machado did the same and launched an opposite-field, two-run homer off the right-field foul pole netting.
“It must be Wonderboy,” Orioles manager Buck Showalter said, making reference to Roy Hobbs' mythical bat in "The Natural." “I've never seen that before. When you're ahead like that you're trying to be respectful of the opposition and not try to have too much fun, but that was one where I just went, ‘ Really?' When the third one went and it hit the foul pole or the foul flag or whatever, [I though], ‘You kidding me? Come on.' ”
Consider that Gentry and Machado were dealing with slumps before swinging Mancini's bat, Mancini joked that he might need to resupply his bat bag soon. Machado was in a 2-for-24 over his last seven games before hitting the home run, and Gentry had his first hit of the season earlier in the game after opening the season hitless in his first 13 at-bats. Gentry's homer was his first in the majors since Aug. 1, 2013.
“It was pretty awesome,” Mancini said. “They used the same model, it wasn't the same bat I used [in the game] but they used one of my extra bats. It was pretty cool they both hit home runs. Might need an extra shipment here soon.”
CAPTION Jon Meoli and Peter Schmuck recap the Orioles' 7-1 loss to the Minnesota Twins in the Grapefruit League on Monday in Fort Myers, Fla. (Jon Meoli, Baltimore Sun video) Jon Meoli and Peter Schmuck recap the Orioles' 7-1 loss to the Minnesota Twins in the Grapefruit League on Monday in Fort Myers, Fla. (Jon Meoli, Baltimore Sun video) CAPTION Orioles right-hander Nate Karns talks about his Grapefruit League debut against the Minnesota Twins Monday. (Jon Meoli, Baltimore Sun video) Orioles right-hander Nate Karns talks about his Grapefruit League debut against the Minnesota Twins Monday. (Jon Meoli, Baltimore Sun video)
As for Mancini, he is making major contributions despite playing part-time with the Orioles, mostly against left-handed starters. He moved to the outfield in spring training, but on Sunday received his first start this season at his natural position of first base. Showalter wanted to give Chris Davis a day off from defense.
Mancini's first homer of the afternoon -- a three-run blast that landed in the Rogers Centre's second deck in left field and traveled an estimated 404 feet -- gave the Orioles' offense a spark, fueling a five-run sixth inning.
“I'm seeing the ball pretty well,” Mancini said. “I'm trying my best…all I'm really focusing on is relaxing and moving back in my load like early and slowly. That is pretty much the only thing I'm thinking of. Luckily everything else is taking care of itself. I know through the year there are going to have to be adjustments that I make. Just feeling very relaxed at the plate more than anything.”
Before hitting two homers on Sunday, he also slugged two homers on Wednesday in Boston, and had been a big part of an Orioles offense that has hit four or more homers in three of their last five games.
“That's kind of how it is in baseball,” Mancini said. “You can go through little ruts as a team where you might not hit any home runs in a couple games, or you could go through some when you hit five three games in a row. Baseball is a crazy game, so you go to the field and you never know what could happen. It always will surprise you.”
Jones hurt crashing into wall, stays in game: Orioles center fielder Adam Jones crashed into an unpadded part of the right-center field wall while chasing a ball in a 10-run game in the eighth, but he remained in the game.
Justin Smoak hit a ball into the gap just out of Jones' reach. The ball hit off Jones' glove for a triple, but Jones ran full stride into a portion of the wall that has a scoreboard on it.
“He knocked the breath out of him more than anything and when I got out there, he was madder he didn't catch the ball,” Showalter said. “He said, “I should have caught it.' ”
Jones fell to the ground writing in pain on the warning track, and head trainer Richie Bancells and Showalter ran out to check on him. Despite being on the ground for several moments, Jones slowly got back to his feet and stayed in the game. He was replaced for the final inning.
“I think Adam is playing a little deeper on some situations this year and then the momentum built up there,” Showalter said. “They've done a good job over the years – with the exception of two or three parks, you know which ones I'm talking about – they've given some give to the fences. But he and [Kevin] Pillar, those are two as good of centerfielders as there are and regardless of the score, that's how they play.”
Around the horn: The Orioles have held opponents to two runs or fewer five times this season, all five of those games coming against Toronto. … The Orioles' upcoming three-game series in Cincinnati will mark their only games outside the AL East in their first 27 games. … Orioles pitchers continued to take batting practice to prepare for their first interleague series in a NL park this week in Cincinnati.
eencina@baltsun.com
twitter.com/EddieInTheYard
Photo by Caroline McNally
Local Property Tax, Again
By Lois Kapila
Councillors made the same points at their special meeting on Tuesday evening to set the local property tax for the coming year that they made at similar meetings for the last three years.
They also voted through the same course of action: to cut the local property tax by 15 percent for the next 12 months.
Dublin City Council Chief Executive Owen Keegan had recommended that they trim it by just 10 percent – which would have meant an extra €4 million for the council to spend. “I'm suggesting a modest reduction,” he said.
For homeowners, that would have meant paying between 9 cents and 48 cents a week more than they would with a full 15 percent cut.
Keegan drew up a list of items the council could spend that money on, including, among other measures, extra street cleaning and road-maintenance staff, recruitment of apprentices, more graffiti removal, and the abolition of library fines.
But most councillors, from Fine Gael all the way across to People Before Profit, rejected Keegan's proposal.
Sinn Féin's Noeleen Reilly said that her party, which is the biggest on the council, had been elected on a pledge to minimise the local property tax. So it couldn't go back on that.
Fianna Fáil's Tom Brabazon said it is an “anti-Dublin tax” because of the high value of properties in the city. Some of the money raised in Dublin is also redistributed to other parts of the country.
Green Party councillors, meanwhile, put forward a motion to decrease the property tax by only 7.5 percent, and use the extra money to also provide a “one-stop shop to address dereliction and underuse of lands and buildings in the city”.
Labour councillors put forward a plan that went further, with just a 5 percent reduction. Included in their motion as a use for the extra money was €2.5 million for the council to directly build social housing through the O Cualainn co-housing model.
The full 15 percent reduction won out, though. “I think this is one of the most bizarre debates I've witnessed in the council chamber,” said Labour Councillor Jane Horgan-Jones.
Homes in Kildonan?
By Laoise Neylon
Councillors in the north-west of the city agreed plans for 200 homes for a large J-shaped parcel of land off Kildonan Road in Finglas West.
Under the plans, the homes would be a mixture of one- and two-storey houses, duplex units and apartments. There would also be two parks, an outdoor gym, a playground, a sports area and a community centre.
If this plan moves forward, the Abigail Centre, a homeless hostel on the site, will have to go. Councillors could have chosen an option that would have left the hostel in place, but that would have meant space for 100 fewer homes.
“It's an ideal place for housing, as it is near good transport links,” said Sinn Féin Councillor Anthony Connaghan, who lives near the site, after the meeting.
Connaghan hopes the development will mirror the mix of other large council sites: with 50 percent private homes, 30 percent social housing and 20 percent affordable housing.
The draft plan that the councillors in the north-west area have approved, which is called a site framework study, will now have to go before the full council for approval.
Image copyright PA Image caption Michael Howard has warned against imposing a party line
Michael Howard's intervention in the EU referendum debate sends an uncomfortable warning to David Cameron - your policy of having no policy cannot hold.
The policy in question is whether cabinet ministers should be free to campaign for Britain to leave the European Union if David Cameron eventually decides we should stay.
Downing Street might reasonably argue that since the referendum could be two years away - it is promised by the end of 2017 - it doesn't need to make a decision now.
If that is the belief in the prime minister's circle, it is naive.
Mr Cameron's renegotiation is expected to be completed in time for the next meeting of the European Council (the heads of government) in February.
As soon as that is done, cabinet ministers will come under tremendous pressure to say what they think of the deal.
The first expression of lukewarm support from one of David Cameron's colleagues risks quickly being interpreted as a leadership crisis.
Mr Cameron's advisers may see that as exactly the reason why cabinet ministers should not be allowed to campaign on the opposite side from the prime minister - it keeps them in line.
Divisive issue
Yet, as Lord Howard observed when we spoke for The World This Weekend: "This is going to be a difficult time for the Conservative Party.
"It has always been a very divisive issue, not just in the Conservative Party but in other parties as well."
This is one issue on which an appeal to loyalty could fail; and if it did, Mr Cameron would look vulnerable.
The precedent is Harold Wilson's decision to allow his cabinet ministers to debate on both sides of the referendum on whether to remain in what was then the European Economic Community in 1975.
Image caption John Major's government was fatally damaged by divisions over Europe
Wilson had tried and failed to impose a party line on Europe when the House of Commons debated joining in the first place. That led to a big rebellion by pro-Europeans and the resignation of Labour's deputy leader Roy Jenkins.
David Cameron may think that his general election victory against the odds entitles him to demand obedience from his ministers.
John Major was an election winner, too, but that didn't stop him experiencing the humiliation of serving ministers openly defying him during the 1997 election campaign.
A clutch of junior ministers made personal pledges never to join the euro even though Major's policy was negotiated first and decide later.
Lord Howard does impose a caveat on his proposal for cabinet ministers to enjoy freedom of conscience; it should apply only "when it comes to the campaign", he told me, and not before.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Michael Foot told Harold Wilson that cabinet ministers had been free to follow their own line in the 1930s
That was Wilson's rule, too. He informed the cabinet of his decision nearly six months before the referendum was held.
One for trivia buffs: there is an older precedent for cabinet ministers expressing contrary views.
According to Wilson's authorised biographer Philip Ziegler, Michael Foot told the prime minister that in 1932, the National Government, of which his father Isaac was a member, had allowed cabinet ministers to follow their own line over import duties.
That was a multi-party coalition; holding a single-party cabinet together ought to be easier, but David Cameron might be wiser not to take the risk.
Listen to the interview with Lord Howard on The World This Weekend.
UK's EU referendum in-depth
Image copyright Getty Images
Q&A: What Britain wants from Europe
Guide to the UK's planned in-out EU referendum
BBC News EU referendum special report
New group to advocate N.H. secession, independence
By BEN LEUBSDORF
Monitor staff
Last modified: 11/23/2012 12:49:51 AM
Comparing the United States to the Roman Empire in decline, five New Hampshire residents have established a nonprofit group to advocate for the Granite State's secession and independence.
“This nation has grown too large to be represented by a few people, a few bureaucrats, in Washington. . . . New Hampshire is a small state, and we here in New Hampshire can take care of our own,” said Neal Conner, a technology consultant from Manchester and treasurer of the Foundation for New Hampshire Independence.
The foundation was established as a nonprofit corporation Sept. 14, with an office in Manchester and the goal of educating residents “on the benefits of the state of New Hampshire peacefully declaring its independence and separating from the United States,” according to a filing with the secretary of state's office.
The group, in its filing, said its work “will remain exclusively educational, and will in no way make any attempt to influence legislation.”
The foundation has a Facebook page, a Twitter account and a website, nhindependence.org. It's preparing to formally launch this week.
“No nation is immune to the ravages of time,” its website declares. “Even the mighty Roman Empire fell under the crushing weights of burdensome taxation, a declining civic culture and a hopelessly corrupt governing class. The Foundation believes that we are quickly nearing the time when the United States' size and disregard for the rule of law as embodied in its founding Constitution must inevitably lead to the dissolution of our own once-great nation.
“However,” it continues, “the end of the United States as a political entity need not mean the disruption of our own civilization and culture in New Hampshire.”
The group has a five-member board of directors: Conner, President Vince Perfetto of Manchester, Vice President Mike Segal of Manchester, Secretary Chandler Gabel of Bedford and Chris Miranda of Manchester.
Conner said he moved to New Hampshire from Florida in 2009 and was inspired to relocate by the Free State Project, but he declined to say if the other board members also are involved with the project, which is trying to convince 20,000 liberty-minded people to move to New Hampshire.
He said the group hopes to spread a nonpartisan message about the federal government's many violations of individual rights.
“There are many people from all walks of life who are just tired of bureaucrats in Washington micromanaging their lives,” he said.
The foundation is accepting donations, and Conner said it is seeking recognition of its tax-exempt status from the Internal Revenue Service so it can accept tax-deductible gifts.
“I can see the irony,” he said of seeking federal recognition to help finance secession, “but that just goes to highlight some of the restrictions that the federal government places on organizations.”
Of course, the U.S. Constitution doesn't provide for any state to leave the union, and in 1869 the Supreme Court ruled that secession is illegal and unconstitutional.
“To deny that the state of New Hampshire has the right to leave the union is to deny that the original 13 colonies had the right” to declare independence, Conner said. “There's a difference between what's a right and what those people in Washington, D.C., may think is legal. . . . Regardless of whether or not the federal government may recognize that right, as individuals we do have that right for local self-determination.”
And the group's creation comes 150 years after the Civil War, when 11 Southern states attempted to secede over the issue of slavery.
But unlike that four-year conflict, organizers of the foundation promise a bloodless separation.
“We want to seek peaceful separation, peaceful independence,” Conner said.
On its website, the foundation has a frequently asked questions page that includes, “Won't the United States military bomb NH with fighter jets and invade NH with tanks and infantry if we peacefully declare our independence?”
The answer: “Absolutely not. Even the thought of a bombing and invasion sounds so outlandish, it hardly deserves a reply. This is the 21st Century. There is no room for civilized, modern Western nations to become violent if the people of a section of their nation decide to leave.”
There's a similar movement next door in Vermont, where a group called the “Second Vermont Republic” advocates for the state's secession. (The first republic ran from 1777, when Vermonters declared independence from Great Britain, to 1791, when Vermont was admitted as the 14th state.)
The New Hampshire movement represents “a personal journey” for its leaders, Conner said, and they don't endorse any other groups' efforts.
“However,” he said, “I think any movement for greater local control ­– as long as it's peaceful – is a step in the right direction, as opposed to an overreached, out-of-control federal government.”
(Ben Leubsdorf can be reached at 369-3307 or bleubsdorf@cmonitor.com or on Twitter @BenLeubsdorf.)
THE arrival of Storm Brian in Limerick this Saturday morning has caused flooding around parts of the city.
While the water levels have now largely subsided, Council and fire crews were earlier out battling the river waters – with the road at O'Callaghan Strand and the front of Sarsfield House flooded, plus Merchant's Quay plaza around the court house and the potato market, while there were reports of flooding on the Mill Road in Corbally.
It appears to have been only roads that were flooded and not houses, according to a council spokesperson.
Parts of Limerick city flooded this morning. Updates throughout day from @Limerick_Leader #StormBrian pic.twitter.com/VgHZeGkRYM — Anne Sheridan (@annesheridan1) October 21, 2017
High tide in the city was at 8.08am this Saturday morning.
Merchant's Quay plaza, #Limerick Courthouse Potato Market flooded. Water is receding very slowly #StormBrian pic.twitter.com/qkurlXt2hm — Limerick Council (@LimerickCouncil) October 21, 2017
Limerick City and County Council had crews working on site at Sarsfield House and had been actively monitoring the progress of the tide this Saturday.
It said at around 8.30am: “flood defences working along city quays in Limerick. High tide was 8.08. Very windy from SW. Stay safe.”
Flood Defences working along city quays in #Limerick. High Tide was 8.08. Very windy from SW. Stay safe #StormBrian @rtenews @3NewsIreland pic.twitter.com/Jzw8RX2nKB — Limerick Council (@LimerickCouncil) October 21, 2017
Ahead of the arrival of Storm Brian, more than 2,000 sandbags were distributed by the local authority on Friday afternoon as a precaution ahead of high tides at 8.08am and again at 7.50pm this Saturday. The storm is is following quickly in the wake of Monday's ex-hurricane Ophelia, which caused damage around Limerick.
The local authority said all accommodation for those experiencing homelessness would also remain open for 24 hours on Saturday.
Chief Superintendent David Sheahan had urged the public to “be extra cautious and not to do anything that will put themselves or other people at risk”.
O'Callaghan Strand in Limerick city flooded this morning following high tide & #StormBrian. How is your area? @Limerick_Leader pic.twitter.com/P0BxOGRTI7 — Anne Sheridan (@annesheridan1) October 21, 2017
Crews currently dealing with a flooding incident on O'Callaghan Strand. Never attempt to drive through flood waters. https://t.co/okrGEoTamh — Limerick Fire (@LimerickFire) October 21, 2017
A controversial operation to transplant the whole head of a monkey onto a different body has proved a partial success.
The scientist behind it wants to do the same thing to humans, but other members of the scientific community have condemned the experiments as "grotesque".
Professor Robert White, from Cleveland Ohio, transplanted a whole monkey's head onto another monkey's body, and the animal survived for some time after the operation.
The professor told the BBC's Today programme how he believes the operation is the next step in the transplant world.
And he raised the possibility that it could be used to treat people paralysed and unable to use their limbs, and whose bodies, rather than their brains, were diseased.
This is medical technology run completely mad
Professor Stephen Rose,
Open University
ROME -- When doctors and nurses at the Vatican's showcase children's hospital complained in 2014 that corners were being cut and medical protocols ignored, the Vatican responded by ordering up a secret in-house investigation. The diagnosis: The original mission of "the pope's hospital" had been lost and was "today more aimed at profit than on caring for children."
Three years later, an Associated Press investigation found that Bambino Gesu (Baby Jesus) Pediatric Hospital did indeed shift its focus in ways big and small under its past administration, which governed from 2008 to 2015. As the hospital expanded services and tried to make a money-losing Vatican enterprise turn a profit, children sometimes paid the price.
Among the AP's findings:
Overcrowding and poor hygiene contributed to deadly infection, including one 21-month superbug outbreak in the cancer ward that killed eight children.
To save money, disposable equipment and other materials were at times used improperly, with a one-time order of cheap needles breaking when injected into tiny veins.
Doctors were so pressured to maximize operating-room turnover that patients were sometimes brought out of anesthesia too quickly.
Some of the issues - such as early awakening and the focus on profits - had been identified in 2014 by the Vatican-authorized task force of current and former hospital doctors, nurses, administrators and outsiders, who spent three months gathering information and interviewing staff off-campus. The AP corroborated those findings through interviews with more than a dozen current and former Bambino Gesu employees, as well as patients, their families and health officials. The AP reviewed medical records, civil court rulings, hospital and Vatican emails, and five years of union complaints.
Vincenzo Di Ciommo Laurora, a retired Bambino Gesu epidemiologist, described the hospital's past culture this way: "The more you do to a patient, the more money you bring in. You have to produce, produce, produce."
Bambino Gesu disputed the AP's findings and threatened legal action. It said the AP's investigation was based on information that was "in some ways false, in other ways seriously unfounded and out of date by two years but above all clinically implausible and defamatory on a moral and ethical level."
First Lady Melania Trump speaks to a child during her visit at the Vatican-owned Bambino Gesu Pediatric Hospital, in Rome, Italy, May 24, 2017. AP
It cited its own reputation as a center of excellence. The hospital draws top-notch surgeons to work there and celebrities to visit, including U.S. First Lady Melania Trump in May.
Founded in 1869 to treat poor children, Bambino Gesu (Baby Jesus) was donated to the Vatican in 1924 and is now the main pediatric hospital serving southern Italy. In 2015, the 607-bed facility performed over 26,000 surgical procedures - more than a third of all children's operations nationwide.
Perched on a hillside just up the road from Vatican City, the hospital's main campus enjoys extraterritorial status, making the Italian tax-payer funded institution immune to the surprise inspections that other Italian hospitals undergo.
The Italian health ministry certifies Bambino Gesu for its research activities and in 2015 reported it had "characteristics of excellence." Provided with AP's findings, the health ministry promised to investigate.
The employees who spoke to the AP requested anonymity, fearing they would lose their jobs. Out of concern for the children, they said, they broke what the hospital's union has called the "omerta," the Italian code of silence.
Staff members told the AP that some of the conditions they first reported in early 2014 have improved since the administration changed in early 2015. The new leadership, they said, focuses less on volume and has more respect for following protocols.
But some of the task force's most important recommendations have not been implemented, including the replacement of the medical director. And the hospital's main union said problems remain.
"Ten years ago, the ERs were jammed and they still are. Ten years ago, patients waited on stretchers and they still do. Ten years ago you entered with one illness and left with two hospital infections, and still do," it wrote in July 2016. "What has changed in 10 years? The machines are better, the pharmaceuticals are better, but the level of care is not."
Federica Bianchi talks with her twin sons at their home in Rome, Sept. 29, 2016. Domenico Stinellis / AP
Federica Bianchi brought her 17-month-old son Edoardo to Bambino Gesu in October 2015 because he had breathing problems. He was treated in an ER room where other children were receiving rehydration treatments. Two days later, he suffered bouts of severe diarrhea and vomiting.
After Edoardo's twin also fell ill, she took both boys back to the overcrowded ER, where twice over the following days, staff sent her home. The twins were eventually diagnosed at another hospital with rotavirus, an infectious disease that can cause dehydration. They were admitted, isolated and put on rehydration drips.
Bambino Gesu spokesman Alessandro Iapino said there was no proof the boys caught rotavirus at the pope's hospital. He said Bambino Gesu had successfully brought infection rates down below national and international benchmarks, noting that all hospitals struggle with infection.
Within weeks of the task force report being delivered to the Vatican in April 2014, member Coleen McMahon - an American nurse - grew impatient and emailed the group's coordinator that she planned to press for action. He told her to stand down.
"We are dealing with the Secretary of State of His Holyness (sic), the man that God Himself appointed to lead His Church," Dr. Steven Masotti emailed her back. "Our job is over!"
High-ranking Vatican official charged with child sex abuse in Australia
Other task force members went over Masotti's head and met in September 2014 with Vatican money czar George Pell, delivering a memo warning that "risky conditions" in the hospital still persisted.
Pell, who last week was charged in his native Australia with criminal sex assault, asked Sister Carol Keehan, president and CEO of Catholic Health Association in the U.S., to investigate. She led a second Vatican-commissioned assessment in January 2015.
She spent three days in the hospital observing procedures and speaking with on-duty staff. None of her team spoke Italian. She reviewed meeting minutes and OR schedules, but not union complaints or "adverse event" reports that are filed when things go wrong. Her final report "disproved" many of the findings of the first report and found the hospital in many ways "best in class."
Sister Carol Keehan listens at an event on the tax implications of health care reform, Feb. 15, 2013, in Washington, D.C. AP
"We came expecting to have to do a big expose and we found no basis for those complaints at all," Keehan said in an interview. "Can I say they've never made a mistake? Absolutely not. But can I say that that is a hospital that gives exceptional care to children? Absolutely and positively yes."
But Pope Francis himself used a Christmas 2016 audience with thousands of hospital employees and patients last year to warn caregivers against falling prey to corruption, which he called the "greatest cancer" that can strike a hospital.
Pope Francis puts his skull-cap on a child participating in a public audience with patients and employees of the Vatican-owned Bambino Gesu Pediatric Hospital, held in the Paul VI hall, at the Vatican, Dec. 15, 2016. AP
"Bambino Gesu has had a history that hasn't always been good," the pope said, citing the temptation for doctors and nurses to become businessmen.
"Look at the children," Francis said in Italian, pointing to the young patients gathered at his feet in the Vatican auditorium. "And let each one of us think: 'Can I make corrupt business off these children? No!'"
Belgian tennis player David Goffin was highly critical of rival Nick Kyrgios. The World No. 7 believes that it is important for him to be a good example for younger players. He said, ‘Actually, I think I behave and have a good attitude, to have success. I first do it for me and then if it can have an impact on younger players, is important. A guy like [Nick] Kyrgios came at the top, but I don't think he is a good example for younger Australian players.
Goffin alluded to Kyrgios' way of working and says that it works for him. But Goffin admits that people prefer to see more players like himself. The Belgian spoke about his knee injury as well, he said, ‘It's much better and the two-week rest was great. I am having a long-term treatment that will continue. But the good news is that for me it's not an issue when I play.'
The 27-year old also commented on his holidays with the French Davis Cup team who beat Belgium in the final. He talked about French players Lucas Pouille, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Pierre-Hugues Herbert in particular. ‘We didn't have any problems, we spoke very less about that. Sometimes we spoke about tennis, but never too much. I don't see them as rivals but friends. And our girlfriends get along well.'
The Australian, Kyrgios has had a reputation for being tennis' ‘bad boy'. He has landed himself in so many controversies that it is hard to keep track. It was probably Nick's on court and off court persona that may have turned off a number of his fellow contenders. His ‘temper tantrums' have done little to earn him any favours even among umpires and officials.
In the buildup to the Australian Open, Goffin currently does not have anything on his schedule. Kyrgios on the other hand will be participating in Brisbane in the New Year.
A feature of natural selection, or “survival of the fittest”, is that context defines what is “fittest”. Traits that are “fittest” in one habitat can become liabilities in others. This was observed first-hand across Britain when it was newly industrialising: wing colour of the peppered moth, Biston betularia, changed from pale grey with darker spots to dark charcoal. This was due to the effects of predation by birds, who suddenly could easily spot pale-winged peppered moths dozing on soot-covered tree trunks by day (doi:10.1098/rsbl.2011.1136). Most of the peppered moths that survived long enough to reproduce had charcoal-coloured wings, a trait that they passed on to the next generation. Thus, within the context of sooty trees and hungry birds, a trait that was previously “fittest” became a liability.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Two wing colour traits of peppered moths, Biston betularia; charcoal-coloured (melanistic; L) and pale-coloured (R) forms on a dark background. Essex, England, UK. Photograph: Bill Coster IN/Alamy
Likewise, where natural selection occurs at the molecular level, it can only occur within the context of the chemistry that is available at that time (doi:10.1098/rspb.1981.0071). When a major revolution occurs in the chemistry, that could lead to significant innovations in the evolution of life itself. For example, we know that in the absence of atmospheric oxygen, a variety of important elements, such as copper and zinc, were inaccessible to life. Those elements may have played a key role in promoting multicellularity, which is a major step in the evolution of life.
“There seems to be a way that the chemistry [of these elements] is almost informing or feeding back onto these major evolutionary steps so we can trace chemical evolution by peering into the genome”, said biogeochemist Ros Rickaby, a professor in the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of Oxford.
“One idea that I had was to try and look into the genome of RuBisCO to see if we can see times where changing carbon dioxide has affected the working of this enzyme”, said Professor Rickaby.
RuBisCO -- the shortened and more easily pronounced version of its formal name, ribulose-1,5-bisphosphate carboxylase/oxygenase -- is far and away the most abundant protein on the planet (doi:10.1073/pnas.0400981101). It catalyses the pivotal step in photosynthesis by harnessing the energy in sunlight to convert atmospheric carbon dioxide into the sugars that fuel and support life on Earth. This chemical process is known as carbon fixation.
But as enzymes go, RuBisCO is surprisingly inefficient. It is slow and easily distracted by oxygen when the concentration of carbon dioxide is low. Like that car filled with rubberneckers that slows all traffic to a crawl on a narrow road, the plodding RuBisCO is the rate-limiting step of photosynthesis. Nevertheless, after a million years of so of work, RuBisCO eventually lowered atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide and increased oxygen, and this, in turn, diminished its already sluggish performance.
To solve that problem, a second enzyme, carbonic anhydrase, popped up. It works alongside RuBisCO to raise the local concentration of carbon dioxide, thereby allowing RuBisCO to work faster and more efficiently. Compared to the lackadaisical RuBisCO, carbonic anhydrase is the speediest enzyme known.
In stark contrast to RuBisCO, which is both functionally and structurally unique, carbonic anhydrase is a huge family of enzymes comprised of five distinct groups that share almost no molecular or structural similarities -- except they all use a zinc ion to catalyse the same chemical reactions. Thus, carbonic anhydrase is one of the best examples of functionally related enzymes that arose from as many as five very different starting points in the Tree of Life before converging onto the same chemistry.
In this fascinating video, Professor Rickaby chats with paleobiologist Simon Conway-Morris, a professor in the Department of Earth Sciences at the University of Cambridge, about how Earth's changing chemistry has affected evolution, and how this can sometimes lead to evolutionary convergence:
Video by The Royal Society.
This film is part of a series of science stories that celebrate 350 years of scientific publishing by the Royal Society. You can find The Royal Society on Twitter @RoyalSociety and Royal Society Publishing is also on Twitter @RSocPublishing
Sources:
Cook L.M., I. J. Saccheri & J. Mallet (2012). Selective bird predation on the peppered moth: the last experiment of Michael Majerus, Biology Letters, 8 (4) 609-612. doi:10.1098/rsbl.2011.1136
Williams R.J.P. (1981). The Bakerian Lecture, 1981: Natural Selection of the Chemical Elements, Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences, 213 (1193) 361-397. doi:10.1098/rspb.1981.0071
Amit Dhingra, Archie R. Portis, Jr., and Henry Daniell (2004). Enhanced translation of a chloroplast-expressed RbcS gene restores small subunit levels and photosynthesis in nuclear RbcS antisense plants, Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, 101 (16) 6315-6320. doi:10.1073/pnas.0400981101
.. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. ..
GrrlScientist is very active on Twitter @GrrlScientist and sometimes lurks on social media: facebook, G+, LinkedIn, and Pinterest.
Win McNamee/Getty Images
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said today that he expressed his displeasure with Michael Bloomberg in a phone call this week over his plan to target Democratic senators who voted against gun legislation, but Reid conceded he could not control the mayor of New York City.
"He's kind of a free spirit, you know," Reid said. "And a rich one."
With families of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting at his side, Reid pledged to try and revive the failed gun legislation in the Senate. He said "the fight is not over," but acknowledged the discomfort facing some Democrats who are being targeted by millions of dollars in advertising from Bloomberg and his gun control group.
"I spoke to the mayor this week - he and I have been friends for some time - to remind him just as I've reminded everyone here that to have Republicans in control of the Senate is a sure sign we will never ever get anything done," Reid said. "Mayor Bloomberg is a man of passion. He is fixated on this and I admire him for doing that."
The mayor has urged donors who live in New York to stop giving campaign contributions to the four Democrats who opposed legislation seeking to expand background checks for guns purchased at gun shows and on the internet. Democratic leaders are worried about losing control of the Senate and fear the ads from Bloomberg could complicate the re-election of senators like Mark Pryor, D-Ark., who is facing a tough race next year.
Mayors Against Illegal Guns, the group financed by Bloomberg, has been running the ads against Pryor and other senators who opposed the gun legislation. Reid was one of several party leaders who have urged Bloomberg to not target Democrats.
"I gave him my input," Reid said. "I'm confident that he'll listen, but that's where we are with Mayor Bloomberg. "
Several leading Democratic senators have voiced concern this week over Bloomberg's approach.
Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, the Democratic architect of the gun legislation that failed in the Senate, said today that he wishes Bloomberg and other supporters would help educate gun owners and voters about the background check legislation to correct misimpressions that he says were planted by the gun lobby, rather than criticizing Democratic senators for opposing the bill.
"I need help in getting that message out," said Manchin.
"There's going to be an election in 2014. That's the time, when we've exhausted every other avenue, of getting the message out. Then do what you've got to do," Manchin said. "Now, we just need a little bit of help. We need a little bit of help."
A few weeks ago, I was invited by my alma mater The Link at Concordia to give a talk. The editor didn't really care what it was about, she knew me and had invited other people from The Gazette to speak to her staff and contributors on various topics, so she figured I'd be good for just about any subject. I decided to focus on something I thought might be useful for student journalists: how to become an expert in something to increase your chances of getting hired or getting regular freelance work when you graduate.
I came in with the notes I'd scribbled onto a notepad during the metro ride over, and for about half an hour bumbled on about how good it is to become specialized, and how starting a blog and starting to write about something that isn't getting mainstream media attention would be a great way to start that. It is, after all, how I became an expert on local media even though I started out having no contacts and no formal education in media analysis.
After lots of “umm, one more thing I wanted to mention” and other disjointed thoughts, I opened it up to questions. I got a couple of the pity questions the organizers plant so you don't feel bad, and a couple of actual ones that I tried my best to answer. But of the 20 or so people present, I could tell by the way they were playing on their smartphones that there wasn't much interest in what I was saying.
It's okay. I won't be auditioning for TED any time soon. I didn't mind so much that I wasn't the most riveting speaker they'd ever seen. But I was curious about these 20-somethings (or even 19- or 18-somethings). What were their plans after graduation? What kind of careers do they want to fashion for themselves? I tried to get an idea through a show of hands, but I couldn't. I don't know if it was because they were shy or because they didn't know, or because their vision of the journalism industry was fundamentally different from mine. Without grilling them individually I wasn't going to get an idea what these journalists of tomorrow were thinking of their future, or if they were thinking of it at all.
What bothered me wasn't so much that they weren't interested in me (I'm not terribly interesting, or at least I wasn't that day), but that they weren't interested in talking about their future as journalists. If they didn't want to specialize, find beats to cover and become experts in their fields, just what exactly did they plan to do? Be the 100th applicant for that general-assignment TV reporter job that's going to go to an industry veteran anyway? Coast on internships until their 30s? Find that mythical left-wing publication that has perfect ethics and yet is stable enough financially to pay its writers? Freelance for pennies for the few publications out there that pay but don't require much effort? Or just leverage that journalism degree into a cushy PR job? I couldn't figure it out.
What's worse is that the students I saw that day are the involved ones. These are the ones who will show up at the office of a student newspaper on a Friday afternoon. Many of them applied for editorial positions at the paper (the deadline for candidacies was the same day I was speaking). When you look at Concordia's journalism school as a whole, and I suspect many others like it, the situation looks even worse.
I want to be a travel writer for the New York Times
On Thursday, I didn't have much to do, so I sat in the audience of a panel discussion, hosted by the McGill Daily as part of their student journalism week, about whether or not people looking to go into journalism should bother with journalism school (McGill, I should note, doesn't have one.). Take a moment and imagine this question being asked of any other field, of people contemplating becoming doctors or engineers or teachers or bankers without getting educated in those fields first.
Justin Ling, a freelancer who writes for a variety of publications, told an anecdote of being in a journalism class and the teacher asking what types of journalists the students wanted to become. For most answers, only a few hands were raised. But when the teacher mentioned travel writing, those hands that had stayed down suddenly shot up. Ling pointed out in recalling this story that travel writing is essentially dead, replaced by wire stories or by stories written by people sitting at desks looking at tourism websites. It's gone, just like the foreign correspondent and other dream jobs young journalists aspire to.
When I talk to young student journalists these days, they still aspire to these kinds of jobs (foreign correspondent and magazine feature writer are common dreams), though the good ones are realistic, knowing that the chances of them scoring such prestigious jobs are one in a million.
I don't want to trample on any dreams here. Most journalism students are well aware, or at least they say they're well aware, of the difficulties the industry is going through. They know they'll have to make compromises once they enter the workforce, sacrificing the salary they would like, the location they would like to work in, or the exact type of job they would like to do. And the truth is that there actually are journalism jobs out there, if you look hard enough, if you're willing to make those compromises and think outside the box.
But you get the impression that few of these future journalists are spending any time thinking outside that box while they're in school. Journalism schools have to practically force some of their students to get published at some point during their three-year degrees. Many graduates having barely or never been published even in their student newspapers, but apparently expect a job to be waiting for them when they get that certificate.
I didn't get my first paid freelance gig until a year after I was hired at The Gazette, so I'm not going to sit here and lecture university students on not getting a front-page Globe and Mail story in their first year. But I was actively involved in my student newspaper for three years before entering journalism school, and my being hired as an intern at The Gazette had a lot more to do with that than it did my grades in that magazine writing class. My application for that internship included five clippings of articles I'd written (and laid out and even taken photos for). It did not include a university transcript.
Experience > grades
You can't practice medicine or law or even operate heavy machinery before getting an education and a licence. But you can practice journalism. While that fact kind of puts the very existence of journalism schools into doubt, it's also a big opportunity for students to get started in their field before they've finished their education. And that's an opportunity that, if you're not taking advantage of it, someone else will.
This is why, when I talk to journalism students, I implore them to start doing journalism, to start covering stories that aren't being covered. It doesn't matter if it's for a blog or a university paper or the New York Times magazine (though the latter would certainly be preferred over the former). It doesn't matter that you don't have a big name publication behind you. If you're covering something that isn't being covered, you're not competing with the big guys for access.
Practicing the art not only allows you to get better at it, it shows to potential employers that you know how to do it. Writing for a university newspaper doesn't bring in money, but it shows to that person hiring for that internship that you can meet deadlines, write to assigned word lengths and turn in readable copy in real-world situations. That's always going to be an advantage.
Being an expert is an even bigger plus. Covering an industry or a topic regularly makes you familiar with it eventually, and turns you into an expert that can be relied upon by others. Knowing your stuff is a big part of being a successful journalist, and having a beat already established is a big plus in finding work.
The faster these young journalists realize this, the better off they'll be in this industry that is already extremely difficult to succeed in.
I'm participating in a panel discussion hosted by the Professional Writers' Association of Canada called Working in the Blogosphere: How to create and maintain a successful blog (spoiler alert: I have no secrets about how to make money directly from a blog). It's Monday at 7pm at the Atwater Library, and it's free. Hopefully I can impart some of this wisdom on the attendees, though many will be well past journalism-school age.
AP Photo/Michael Conroy Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks during a rally at The Palladium in Carmel, Ind., Monday, May 2, 2016.
Donald Trump's emergence as the Republican Party's all-but-inevitable presidential standard-bearer deepens a growing ideological rift between the GOP and its traditional allies in the business community, who have long been the party's leading political donors.
The damage incurred by Trump, whose inflammatory rhetoric has deeply alienated women, Latinos, and young voters, among others, will play out on many levels. But in the practical sphere of campaign financing, Republicans are already feeling the pinch. Having championed Supreme Court rulings and government regulations that permit corporate donors to spend freely on elections, Republicans in this election have been abandoned by a long list of big GOP contributors put off by Trump.
The latest sign that the GOP is in trouble with some of its traditional corporate allies is the soul-searching now going on among business associations and trade groups, as well as among many major corporations, over the Republican National Convention that will take place in Cleveland this July. Some companies have flat-out decided not to attend. Others are considering whether to scale back their activities. Amid a boycott and petition drive led by ColorOfChange, companies now assessing their GOP convention plans include Apple, Google, and Walmart.
“As a major leader in the business community, a commitment on the part of your company to refrain from sponsoring a Donald Trump-led Republican National Convention would send a strong message to the public, the RNC, and other companies that Trump's demagoguery and intolerance is not acceptable,” read a letter submitted to a half-dozen companies by ColorOfChange, America's Voice, MoveOn.org, and several other progressive groups.
The letters went out to Adobe Systems, Coca-Cola, Google, and Xerox, among others. Coca-Cola has reportedly given just $75,000 to the GOP convention this time, compared with $660,000 in 2012. The petition has garnered 178,144 signatures, 89 percent of the groups' 200,000 goal.
The Wall Street Journal has decried the progressive organizers as a “censorship posse.” But just as companies have a right to promote their products, consumers have a First Amendment right to urge others not to purchase them: The Supreme Court decided that the Constitution protected peaceful consumer boycotts in its 1982 ruling NAACP v. Claiborne Hardware Co.
Not that there won't be plenty of big corporate money flowing to the Republican National Convention, as well as to the Democrats' July shindig in Philadelphia. Thanks to a rules change slipped into an omnibus spending bill in late 2014, the national political parties may now raise super-sized contributions to help pay for their conventions, as well as for special recount and building accounts.
Republicans have dramatically outraised Democrats so far when it comes to these special new convention accounts, pulling in $11.8 million through March, according to the Center for Responsive Politics, compared with Democrats' $3.5 million. Six-figure GOP convention donors include billionaire businesswoman and philanthropist Diane M. Hendricks; Elizabeth Uihlein, president of the packing and shipping company Uline, Inc.; and casino magnate Sheldon Adelson.
The host cities for both the Republican and Democratic conventions are also raising millions from corporate and other big donors through little-regulated tax-exempt accounts.
It's the first time both conventions will be staged with no public funds whatsoever, thanks to a surprise move by GOP leaders on Capitol Hill in late 2014 to eliminate the federal convention subsidy once made available through the federal public-financing system.
Nevertheless, Trump's effect on the GOP's donor class, including the party's erstwhile allies in the business community and on K Street, is potentially toxic. On acknowledging his status as Republicans' presumptive nominee following Tuesday's Indiana primary, Trump once again lashed out against free trade, assailing Hillary Clinton for backing the North American Free Trade Agreement that he said had caused “carnage” for American workers.
Trump's unpredictable and freewheeling attacks on women, Latinos, Muslims, and even on fellow Republican candidates and leaders sit poorly with an American business community focused more on the bottom line than on ideology. Some predict that corporate America will increasingly align itself with Democrats on key issues. And in some recent civil-rights fights, such as the battle over LGBT bathroom laws in North Carolina, progressives have found themselves shoulder to shoulder with some of the very corporate heavyweights that they so often vilify.
The New York billionaire must now pivot from his incessant attacks on campaign donors, and his boasts that self-funding has put him out of the reach of special interests, to building an actual campaign operation that will pay for staff, polling, ads, and get-out-the-vote activities. He's also gearing up to help the Republican National Committee raise large sums—notwithstanding the insults he's lobbed at both the RNC and big GOP donors. Some leading Republicans are beginning to rally behind Trump, and plenty of donors will eventually pony up. But many longtime conservative business donors will stay far away from the Republican convention and from the GOP this year. The only question is whether they will ever return.
You can find out who's taking what, where, how often and for how much starting tomorrow...
Michael D. Higgins put his presidential pen to supremely good use on May 16 when he signed the Misuse of Drugs (Supervised Injecting Facilities) Bill 2017 into law.
It's now up to the Minister for Drugs, Catherine Byrne, to decide where the Dublin pilot scheme will be located and who will operate it.
Hot Press has long maintained that it has to be where the public injecting problem is most acute, which is the city-centre.
As for the key-holders, we're big admirers of the Ana Liffey Drug Project, the progressive, campaigning harm reduction service, which has advised both Minister Byrne and her predecessor, Aodhán Ó Ríordáin, who was the man who gained cabinet approval for Ireland's first supervised injecting facility. Since opening in 2007, Ana Liffey has consistently pushed forward the drugs debate, and gained the trust of individuals who are experiencing problem substance use with their common sense, non-judgmental approach.
If it proves to be as effective as the ones already operating in Sydney, Vancouver and Paris – and there's absolutely no reason to think it won't – the supervised injecting facility will save dozens, possibly hundreds of lives over the coming years.
It's the first of many battles that need to be won if Ireland is finally to get a drug policy that's fit for purpose.
The first priority has to be the introduction of medical cannabis for the likes of young Ava Twomey whose mum, Vera, was arrested last month at Dublin Airport when she tried to bring the THC-based medicine her daughter urgently needs into the country.
In the new Hot Press, we report on the calls for drug testing at Irish festivals, which would likely require another amendment to the Misuse of Drugs Act.
All eyes are now on the new National Drugs Strategy, which is due next month and, according to well-placed sources, will float the idea of Ireland adopting the decriminalisation model that's worked so successfully in Portugal.
Further fuel will be added to that debate by Senator Lynn Ruane's imminent presentation to the Seanad of her Controlled Drugs & Harm Reduction Bill 2017.
As it has been since our very first issue in 1977, Hot Press is firmly in favour of decriminalisation and is delighted to be involved with a new sensible drug policy initiative, details of which will be unveiled soon.
All of these feeds into tomorrow's publication of the Global Drug Survey 2017, which was this year completed by a record 150,000 people.
You'll be able to read the Irish findings exclusively on hotpress.com with more major number
crunching in our June 8 issue.
Pajo and Corgan during happier Zwan times
Once upon a time, Billy Corgan and David Pajo happily shared the stage together in the early aughts alt-rock band Zwan. Since calling it quits in 2003, however, the bond between the two has been anything but friendly. In fact, Pajo, who's most known for his work in Slint and under his own moniker Papa M, recently had some pretty scathing words for the Smashing Pumpkins frontman. The harshest insult of them all came when Pajo compared Corgan to — gulp — President Donald Trump.
“When the campaign was happening, I was like, ‘Wow, Trump is so much like Corgan,” Pajo explained in a new episode of the Kreative Kontrol podcast. “I'm sure Billy loves this guy. I know he's a Trump supporter. He has to be.”
Pajo added, “He's got millions of dollars. He's got that ego. He loves the ‘bully mentality.' I don't keep up with him, and I don't wanna talk bad about him. But I wouldn't be surprised at all if he was a Trump supporter. In fact, I'd be more surprised if he wasn't.” Ouch. If such a condemnation doesn't ruin a career, I don't know what will.
Pajo goes on: “[Corgan] can very convincingly front that he's a sensitive liberal person, but maybe now that Trump's made it OK to not act like that, for people like him, he's gonna start shouting that.”
Corgan has defended Trump a number of times in the past, as well as blasted the “fake news” media for highlighting POTUS's many shortcomings, so Pajo isn't entirely off base with his comments. The Trump similarities don't stop there, either, as Pajo also claims that Corgan is obsessed with inauguration crowd sizes record sales numbers and often petulantly slams any politicians or legitimate polls artists and bands that pose a threat to him:
“When Smashing Pumpkins' last one or two records didn't sell that well, Billy went on this rant about how he was disappointed in his fans for not understanding the record and not buying it. That's such a weird thing to me [laughs]. To scold your fans for not buying your record. But that is the way he thinks. And when bands like The White Stripes and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs and Interpol were starting up in the New York scene, he would say stuff to me, like, to him they were all just little bands. He was like, the biggest White Stripes sold this much; my records have totally slaughtered them!”
Hear the podcast in full below. Now, we wait for what will undoubtedly be an entertaining response from Corgan.
Making decentralized organizations go beyond Ether
Token sales are not just a new mechanism for fundraising — they're changing the rules of the game. By democratizing access to a new type of asset, token sales are truly aligning incentives for people and organizations around the world.
That's why we made issuing tokens one of Aragon's key features from the first release. With Aragon, organizations could start a private or public token sale and receive Ether in exchange for tokens — fundraising has never been easier for organizations.
However, there were some limitations to conducting token sales in Aragon. Organizations could only accept Ether and there was a limited set of parameters that could be customized in the sale. We realized that Aragon organizations needed more flexibility. For example, Aragon organizations should be able to accept the Dai Stablecoin, Golem Network Tokens, Digix Gold Token, or any other token in a token sale if desired.
So today, we're excited to announce that we're partnering with 0x to allow Aragon organizations to accept and operate with any token. 0x is a protocol for decentralized exchange on Ethereum allowing users to exchange tokens without a central broker — ending the many inefficiencies of centralization by enabling transparent token exchanges between contracts.
We believe in a world of many tokens. Imagine that you have tokens in an Aragon organization in the Company Registry. With 0x, you'll be able to transparently trade those tokens for any other token — including another Aragon organization's token.
Using 0x, we will provide absolute economic abstraction for Aragon organizations. Do you want to run your entire organization with a stable coin? Sure, you'll be able to. For us, this is a huge milestone and we look forward to continuing working on it with the 0x team.
For more information about 0x, check out the 0x project blog on Medium and the 0x whitepaper.
To keep up with the progress of Aragon, follow us on Twitter and come chat with us at our Slack.
be a noticeable barrier for the novice. Secondly, a sizeable part of the competence of the professional mathematician may well consist in the ability not to get confused by his own funny habits. This last sentence applies equally to coders/hackers, and was (I suppose) a large motivator in development and advancement of the “literate programming” paradigm, athough the “literate” descriptor might seem at odds with EWD's overall message in this article. The scene has changed dramatically, however, with the introduction of recursive formal gram- mars and their wholesale adoption in computing science since 1960. This was the year of the ALGOL Report which used BNF (“Backus-Naur Form”) for the rigorous deﬁnition of the syntax of formal texts. (Among comput ing scienti sts, this tec hnique is now so much common knowle dge that they ﬁnd thems elve s shock ed—an d almos t unabl e to con tinu e readi ng—wh en, for instan ce, they read a text written by a contempor ary logici an that still tries to do withou t it.) The extre mely rapid propagation and wide-spread acceptance and usage of what was generally regarded—if not frowned upon!—in 1960 as a daring novelty is a most remarkable phenomenon; I think it would be stupid to underestimate its signiﬁcance. The notationally unaware often express the expectation that adherence to stricter notational con ven tions would not inﬂuence their thinking abiliti es. They speak from lac k of experience , and they are wrong. The habit of only writing formulae that satisfy the rules of a rigorously deﬁned syntax gives the mathematician a new appreciation of one of his main tools, and enables him to exploit this tool more consciously and, hence, more eﬀectively. It gives you a means for identifying your more clumsy thinki ng habits; obv iously such an identiﬁc ation is a prer equis ite for the eﬀort to supplant them by–now : objectively!—more eﬀective ones. Learning to work within constraints can actually prompt productivity and creativity. How profound the inﬂuence of our notations is on our thinking I learned the other day—the 4th of March 1980, to be precise— when I took an experimen t with my studen ts. Depar ting from the oﬃcial topic of the cour se I pres ente d to them the solution of a com binato rial proble m. They all mastered the little mathematics needed, and that was essential because neither the problem, nor the soluti on, but my presen tation of the latter was the real subject of the experimen t. I showed them my cleanest presentation of the solution, carefully divested of all asymmetries that are only—be it traditional—notational artefacts. (The problem was a very good carrier for the experiment, because those asymmetries, already suggested by the way in which the problem had been stated, are the main cause of the problems “diﬃculty”.) It was almost painful to see my students—whose training is otherwise traditional—struggle with my proof. When I wrote down assertions of the form
A
∨
B
, the poor boys could only understand them by translating them into either
¬
A
⇒
B
or
¬
B
⇒
A
—and, of course, never knowing how to make the irrelev ant choice. After I had carefully removed all misleading irrelevancies from my presentation, they could only cope with it by reintroducing them again! The experiment was somewhat shattering for me, because I felt that I was addressing 25 victims of mathe matica l miseduca tion. (I did not blame them: what can one expect from you ngste rs that have been taught to express so fundamental a concept as equality by the contorted “if and only if” as soon as the domain consists of truth-v alues ? Need less to say , you wont catc h me using the sym bol ”
⇔
Share. Find out when and how to get your hands on this legendary, musical monster. Find out when and how to get your hands on this legendary, musical monster.
PokéMasters in North America will soon (finally) have the chance to get their hands on the elusive legendary monster Meloetta. Meloetta is the first-ever Pokémon to change form in the middle of battle, switching from a Normal- and Psychic-type in its Aria Forme to a Normal- and Fighting-type in its Pirouette Forme.
You can snag this melodious monster by visiting a participating GameStop with your copy of Pokémon Black, White, Black 2 or White 2. The distribution begins March 4, and more details about Meloetta's moveset are coming soon.
Keep it here on IGN for all things Pokémon.
Audrey Drake is an Editor at IGN and a proud member of the IGN Nintendo team. She is also a lifelong gamer, a frequent banisher of evil and a wielder of various legendary blades. You can keep track of her wild adventures by following Aminka on IGN or @GameOnAminka on Twitter. Game on!
October 22, 2014 |
At the International Cannabis Business Conference (ICBC) in Portland last month, the atmosphere was that of a winning NASCAR pit crew during the victory lap. Bullish is too weak a word to characterize the 700 vape pen purveyors and cannabis attorneys in attendance (they'd come from as far as Alabama and India). The vibe was bullish but congenial. Inclusive, not cutthroat. On Day Two, an attendee was doing Tai Chi in the Portland Convention Center hallway in between speakers.
This was not lost on the producer of the event, 43-year-old Alex Rogers. "Let's face it, Oregon's a relaxed place, a collaborative place," he said. "You can leave your pretentions and hangups at the door and you won't get kicked when you do business."
The Oregon business mode, to Rogers, is nothing less than part of "a cultural transformation. If you're in the cannabis and hemp industry, you will fail if you're only about the money with no ethics; no consciousness about this plant."
But Rogers, perhaps practicing that ethic himself, quickly added that there was another, bottom-line reason for the touchy-feely aura at an event whose entrance fee was $499. "We're at the point in the cannabis industry's evolution where even your competitor's growth is good for you," he said.
When not producing one of the traveling ICBC conferences (the next one's in San Francisco in February), Rogers owns one of Oregon's largest medical marijuana clinics. He told me he has no problems with profit. In fact, Roger's win-win economic growth curve for legal cannabis is reason number-one why the passage of Oregon's Measure 91, which will legalize and regulate all forms of cannabis (including hemp) if voters approve it on November 4, matters to my family, even here in New Mexico. It provides a new Green Standard for how to make legalization work for everyone from families to law enforcement to home cultivators. (The measure had a four-point lead in a September poll, though I predict an eight-point margin of victory.)
Drafted by Portland's Anthony Johnson and his nationally funded New Approach Oregon team, Measure 91 is, if you want to believe a reporter who was in the conference room when the final draft of the initiative (version #26) was completed nearly a year ago, quite simply the best cannabis regulation model in the world to date. In fairness, Colorado had to do it Colorado's way, and Washington had to do it Washington's way. The savvy initiative drafters in those states did what they had to do to tear down the drug war Berlin Wall--they had 70 years of drug war lies to deal with. Oregon is benefitting from seeing what can be done better, and I hope the whole world is watching.
There are a number of key reasons why Measure 91 is the new benchmark. The first reason sticks to the economic benefits theme: revenues (including both tax revenue and an immediate $71 million in annual savings in cannabis enforcement) are expected to be $100 million per year, according to a 2012 study by Harvard economist and Cato Institute fellow Jeffrey Miron.
I'm not the only one who thinks Miron's estimate is conservative, not just because of the industry growth curve Rogers described at the ICBC, but because a single county I followed in California for a year generates $6 billion annually from its wholesale cannabis crop. Add to that total significant ancillary tax revenue from garden stores, farm equipment retailers and local tourism jobs. Colorado, at $25 million in taxes collected alone and counting, is far ahead of projections for its first, cautious year of retail cannabis sales.
Whatever the total on the ground, the Oregon bounty is divvied in a brilliantly conceived way, both to dampen law enforcement opposition and generate real revenue for the state by eliminating the black market for the world's number-one harvest.
Fifteen percent of tax revenues go to state police, 10 percent to city police, 10 percent to county law enforcement, 40 percent to education (via the state's Common School Fund), and 25 percent to agencies dealing with mental health and substance abuse. That breakdown has the former U.S. Attorney for Oregon Kris Olsen, former Oregon state Supreme Court Justice William Riggs, Methodist Minister David Bean, Oregon Congressman Earl Blumenauer and the state's former director of addiction and mental health services Richard Harris speaking in support of the initiative, not to mention pretty much all regional media and the New York Times.
The health perspective has been getting a good deal of play in the Beaver State. That's because "Measure 91 will offer education, prevention and treatment," for people with substance abuse problems, mental health expert Harris said.
As for what is being legalized: adults can possess up to eight ounces of cannabis and cultivate up to four plants. Producers will be taxed at $35 per ounce of flowers. (Leaves and immature plants are taxed differently.)
In an earlier interview, Graham Boyd, former director of the American Civil Liberties Union's Drug Policy Litigation Project, and a fellow who has been involved in cannabis initiatives since 1996, told me that Measure 91 "represents a very strong team of legal minds working on a responsible initiative at a time of growing voter support for our side of the issue."
That's why the big boys of drug peace have contributed generously. New Approach has raised $1.5 million both from grassroots efforts and from the usual suspects in successful cannabis regulation campaigns. The late Peter Lewis' organization and George Soros' Drug Policy Alliance are both in to the tune of six figures. Opposition has been late and scant, with $150,000 in funding for groups like the state Sherriff's Association and the Narcotics Enforcement Association; a sign of the times and the strength of the initiative. Indeed, last week one Measure 91 opponent, a county DA named Josh Marquis, told Oregon Public Radio that even he "would not object to a measure that actually said it's legal to grow, as an adult, say one or two plants at home." The whole problem is a difference of two plants in a garden? That's a tepid, and let us hope, a losing strategy.
The truly beneficial reality of the initiative's nuts and bolts are important, especially as bottom-line arguments for undecided voters who aren't cannabis aficionados. But for Anthony Johnson, the reason Measure 91 is so important is much more personal. "A good friend of mine in high school had his life ruined by a small cannabis possession arrest," he told me at the ICBC conference as he manned the booth of the new Oregon Cannabis Industry Association.
Even with Measure 91's passage, he said, "I'll continue to work for sensible cannabis laws across the country and across the world until the best policies are in place everywhere. Until no one is judged, let along going to prison for using this plant that's much safer than alcohol."
The 37-year-old Johnson will talk to you about the benefits of Measure 91 to Oregon's tax coffers--he co-wrote the wording. But for him generating revenues for the state from the cannabis and hemp industry is just "the icing on the cake. This is about civil liberties, the best parts of America. About freeing law enforcement to go after dangerous criminals. We're trying to lead the country to a better future."
As of the last Gallup poll, close to 60% of Americans nationwide support this valuable crop being snatched from organized crime, and brought into the tax base. Seniors and veterans awakening to the value of aboveground cannabis for economic and health reasons have added to majority support for ending the war on cannabis in once unheard-of places like Kentucky, Texas, Illinois and Florida.
Cannabis legalization (which means its removal from the federal Controlled Substances Act to allow states to regulate it) has, in remarkably rapid fashion, transformed from political liability to campaign rallying cry. Want proof? In California (which will fully legalize cannabis in 2016), cannabis advocates are throwing support to a Republican pro-legalization attorney general candidate over Obama darling but cannabis-silent Kamala Harris, the Democrat.
How did that seemingly counter-intuitive reality come about? Partly through staunch legalization resistance by entrenched California Democrats with strong pharmaceutical company ties. But it's proved a fragile resistance among the rank and file. Forty percent of Colorado Republicans voted to legalize cannabis in 2012, and this election cycle that awareness is working its way into platforms. Plus, youth turnout, the Holy Grail for Democrats, was up hugely in both Colorado and Washington in the 2012 cannabis legalization elections. That has even traditionally resistant Democratic political camps like the Clintons putting out drug peace feelers.
As a sustainability journalist and solar-powered goat rancher, it is vital to me that the coming cannabis industry (and indeed any industry) prove environmentally sustainable. Unsurprisingly (if you've ever spent a minute in Oregon), Measure 91 deals successfully with both of these issues. The home cultivation clause in the initiative is a key one on the sustainability side, to codify the presence of cannabis as part of American outdoor garden, and to prevent big business monopolies and genetic patenting. And the comprehensive addressing of cannabis products like edibles and tinctures pushes cannabis past the final hurdle remaining in front of the true drug peace finish line: social stigma.
This is how I characterize that hurdle: most Americans today, even those who have enjoyed cannabis, if they read a news story about a pilot or teacher who was fired simply because cannabis was in her life, accept it, as they wouldn't have the pilot or teacher been in possession of a more dangerous beer (or prescribed pharmaceutical). Victory in the drug war is a reversal of that assumption. Be thankful when it's just legal cannabis and not an opiate, not a violent drunk.
Oregon, in Measure 91's details (there is no "per se" blood intoxication percentage for cannabis included in Measure 91, for instance), permits us to finally begin to address the importance of updated intoxication laws in this medicated era. It does that by leveling the playing field between cannabis and alcohol, and allowing society to create its sobriety laws based on science, rather than rhetoric. The studies so far indicate that's going to be bad for drinkers and users of pharmaceuticals, and good for responsible cannabis aficionados. Especially if they haven't ingested cannabis in the hours before they are driving, flying or teaching--the same expectations we have for folks who enjoy alcohol.
Earlier this year, I asked a Eugene-area state legislator named Floyd Prozanksi about the advent of public venues designed to allow cannabis enjoyment alongside Oregon's famous (and profitable) microbrew market. "We don't have a free-for-all with alcohol," he said. "We have open-container laws, and I can foresee licensed establishments providing cannabis access."
Imagine not being a criminal for choosing, in responsible adult social situations where a beer would be acceptable, an herb rather than alcohol. That, let us pray, becomes reality on November 4 in the Beaver State.
But the absolute best part of Measure 91 is the inclusion of an industrial hemp clause mandating that the state agriculture division issue permits to farmers to cultivate cannabis with less than .3% THC. This is needed. Even though Oregon is one of the 19 states totally in accord with federal law if it permits hemp research farms (as Kentucky, Colorado and Vermont have done this year), it denied the only permit application that came before it in 2014. That hurt the crop the state should most be assisting, and put Oregon a year behind other states that want to profit from what, in Canada, is already a billion-dollar industry. In fairness, one of the agriculture division's explanations for the hemp application denial was that the state needed time to establish a program, which it says it will in time for planting season in the spring.
That single application was brought forth by Portland attorney Courtney Moran on behalf of eastern Oregon farmer Rick Rutherford. Moran said her motivation for the pro bono work was that, "hemp is truly the greatest renewable resource available to mankind."
Another former Oregon family farmer, Ryan Basile of Silverton, wants to get back to the land with a hemp crop so badly that he filmed a powerful "Yes on 91" television commercial set against a classic Oregon farm and barn background.
"The hemp clothing you see at the store and the hemp seed you eat comes from abroad," Basile says in the spot, with a soft-spoken, no-nonsense, I'm-a-rural-Oregonian delivery. "That's money we can be keeping in Oregon. Farming is a difficult business. With a cash crop like hemp, it can make all the difference."
Fresh back from visiting four debut Kentucky hemp harvests this week, I know that industrial hemp is going to be even bigger than psychoactive cannabis.You have to start somewhere. Even profitable new (if traditional) crops don't magically appear in soil. Seems getting said crop in the ground takes more than just farmers, seed and rain. It takes voters, ag bureaucrats and lawyers, too, evidently. With the passage of Measure 91, hemp is going to be healing monoculture-damaged Oregon soil by the thousands of acres while putting family farmers back to work as of 2015. Better still, this is just the birth of an industry that will within twenty years out-earn any other crop in Oregon.
Which brings us back to ICBC producer Rogers' point on the real dollar value of Oregon's progressive, un-stressed, optimistic culture. "As a kid activist twenty years ago I used to shout about how hemp can save the planet and people would laugh. Now no one's laughing. I didn't realize how right we were. Oregon is ready to capitalize on the truth about this plant." (Not just Oregon. Washington hemp farmers are poised for a big 2015 as well.)
What we're seeing in the Pacific Northwest is a future for humanity, if these modes catch on, that isn't bleak. As a patriot, a father, and a cannabis researcher, I can say with confidence that Measure 91 is part and parcel of that journey to a stronger, safer, healthier America.
Doug Fine is the author of Farewell, My Subaru, Too High to Fail, and most recently, Hemp Bound. Books and films: Dougfine.com Twitter: @organiccowboy.
Motherwell fans ran onto the pitch following the 3-0 win
Motherwell have been charged for the scenes that followed their play-off final win over Rangers in May.
Fans invaded the pitch at full-time after a heated confrontation between Bilel Mohsni and several home players.
The Scottish Professional Football League say the charges relate to "match organisation, security arrangements and supporter organisation".
A commission chaired by an independent senior solicitor will hear the case against the Premiership club.
Stressing that the charges "do not concern aspects of player behaviour which have been dealt with by the Scottish FA", a statement from the league body says the charges are for "alleged breaches of SPFL Rules in relation to alleged unacceptable conduct".
Motherwell won the match on 31 May 3-0 for a 6-1 aggregate success, preserving their top flight status.
CLOSE Seems like special counsel Robert Mueller is moving ahead with the investigation of possible ties between Russia and the Trump campaign with the impaneling of a grand jury. Veuer's Maria Mercedes Galuppo (@mariamgaluppo) has more. Buzz60
President Donald Trump speaks during a security briefing, Thursday, August 10, 2017, at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J. (Photo11: Evan Vucci, AP)
BEDMINSTER, N.J. – President Trump said he does not intend to fire special counsel Robert Mueller, whose federal investigation into Russia's election meddling he frequently denounces as a "witch hunt" or a "hoax."
“I haven't given it any thought," Trump told reporters at his golf club in New Jersey, where he's been on a working vacation. "I've been reading about it from you people. You say, ‘Oh, I'm going to dismiss him.' No, I'm not dismissing anybody."
Trump said he supports the ongoing Russia investigations, including those taking place on Capitol Hill, where multiple panels are also investigating possible collusion between Trump associates and Russians who sought to influence the 2016 presidential election.
"I want them to get on with the task," Trump said. "But I also want the Senate and the House to come out with their findings.”
For weeks, Washington political circles have speculated over whether Trump would remove Mueller or otherwise try to assert greater control of the ongoing federal Russia probe after his highly public attacks on Attorney General Jeff Sessions.
Yet earlier this week, Trump's chief lawyer indicated the president was looking to cooperate with Mueller. Through his lawyer John Dowd, Trump has sent private messages of "appreciation and greetings" to the special counsel, as USA TODAY first reported on Tuesday.
"He appreciates what Bob Mueller is doing,'' Dowd said. "He asked me to share that with him and that's what I've done.''
Firing Mueller, Dowd said, has "never been on the table."
Trump did not acknowledge his messages to Mueller Thursday, but said the White House is cooperating with his investigation despite what he said was an "unusual" situation.
"We have an investigation of something that never took place. And all I say is work with them, because this is an event that never took place," he said
More: President Trump has sent private messages to Russia special counsel Robert Mueller
More: Special counsel Robert Mueller using multiple grand juries in Russia inquiry
Trump's comments came during the second of two unusually expansive exchanges Thursday with reporters at the Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, N.J., and reflected a shift in tone on an investigation that he has denounced as a "witch hunt."
Trump has said previously that Mueller's job is not necessary because he hasn't done anything wrong, and he has accused him of having unspecified conflicts of interest.
After Trump publicly attacked Sessions last month for recusing himself in the Russia investigation, lawmakers from both parties have introduced legislation that would require judges to to review any presidential firing, and force the president to provide specific legal reasons for taking such action.
Trump cannot fire Mueller directly, but he can fire Sessions. A new attorney general free from conflicts in the Russia investigation could oust the special counsel.
Trump said Thursday that their relationship is "is what it is. It's fine.”
None of this debate over his tenure has deterred Mueller, who is now using at least two grand juries — in Virginia and Washington, D.C. — to advance the Russia investigation.
The clearest sign of the investigation's escalation came Wednesday when a spokesman for Trump's former campaign chairman Paul Manafort confirmed that FBI agents had raided Manafort's Virginia home last month – a move that "surprised'' Trump.
“I thought it was a very, very strong signal, or whatever,'' the president said Thursday, adding that he had not spoken with Manafort for some time. "They (the FBI) do that very seldom, so I was surprised to see it. I was very, very surprised to see it.''
Asked whether the pre-dawn raid was appropriate, Trump said: "You'd have to ask them (the FBI). I've always found Paul Manafort to be a very decent man. He's like a lot of other people, probably makes consultant fees from all over the place.
"I thought it was pretty tough stuff to wake him up, perhaps his family was there," Trump said, referring to the July 26 raid.
The raid, first reported by The Washington Post, targeted financial records and other materials as part of Mueller's wide-ranging inquiry. Manafort's dealings on behalf of pro-Russia interests in Ukraine has been a long-running focus of federal authorities.
Trump, however, appeared to suggest that others drawing investigative interest may have merely overlooked requirements to document their work as foreign agents, as required by the government.
"Did they do something wrong because they didn't file the right document or whatever?" Trump said. "Perhaps, you'd have to look at them, but there are probably a lot of people in Washington who have done the same thing.”
That comment appeared to address situations like former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn or son-in-law Jared Kushner, who have reportedly failed to disclose interactions with Russian officials on ethics and security clearance forms.
– Kevin Johnson and David Jackson contributed from Washington and Nicholas Pugliese of the Bergen Record contributed from Bedminster, N.J.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2wMHW12
Yesterday, historian Rick Perlstein wrote an important piece about the Nixon pardon, which he shows was the true beginning of the political culture that holds that business elites and government actors cannot be held accountable for corruption and malfeasance because it will "destabilize" the system. From pardons of presidents to too-big-to-fail banks to torturers getting the benefit of "not looking in the rearview mirror," it's hard to come up with an example of elite, institutional players having to face the music.
But one of the more confounding aspects of this unaccountable culture of ours is the one that says the legal system has no responsibility to right its own wrongs or even admit to a lack of perfection even when it's obvious they have made a grievous error (or broke the law). Yesterday I wrote about Justice Antonin Scalia's rather shocking opinion that the Constitution provides no avenue for an innocent person wrongfully condemned to be released if all the proper i's were dotted and the t's crossed. That strikes me as a perverted definition of justice. But it goes even deeper than that.
Advertisement:
The New York Times profiled the hard-charging prosecutor known as the United States' "Deadliest DA" who tried the case of the two men who were exonerated in North Carolina last week after having been imprisoned for over 30 years for a murder they did not commit. He's quite a guy, winning more than 40 death penalty cases over 20 years, an achievement that got him into the Guinness World Records book.
He's 79 now and still punching. When told that his successor (a distant cousin) calls him a bully, his response was this: “Well, let's say, if I was a bully, he is a pussy. How about that?” I think Johnson Britt has been hanging around too much with the wine and cheese crowd. So much for the dispassionate dispensation of the rule of law.
And despite the clear and overwhelming evidence that the two men who were released on DNA evidence along with a never processed fingerprint that implicated a known rapist in the crime, this fine representative of the people had this to say, "I thought the D.A. just threw up his hands and capitulated, and the judge didn't have any choice but to do what he did. No question about it, absolutely they are guilty.” No, absolutely, they are not.
This attitude is pervasive among many prosecutors who all over the country pull out every stop available to them to keep DNA evidence from being tested and are unwilling to release wrongly convicted prisoners despite proof of their innocence. They refuse to admit they were wrong.
This piece by Sue Russell from a few years back examined why that is:
“The problem we face,” says social psychologist Carol Tavris, “is not from bad people covering up their mistakes and not wanting to face the truth. It's from good people who deny the evidence in order to preserve their belief that they're good people.” Anthony Greenwald, a psychology professor at the University of Washington, says it's natural for most of us to see ourselves in the most favorable light possible; to picture ourselves as more heroic or good or honorable than we are. For some, accepting that they may have contributed to an injustice would be such a massive blow to their perception of themselves that it is simply intolerable to countenance. So they don't. “People perceive themselves readily as the origin of good effects and reluctantly as the origin of ill effects,” says Greenwald. “I don't think there's anything special in thinking that this applies to people who work in law enforcement. The only thing one needs to assume is that they, too, are human – like the subjects in all the research that demonstrates the phenomena.”
Of course, law enforcement and prosecutors are human. They make mistakes. But too often representatives of the legal system, particularly as it's interpreted by hardcore law-and-order types like Justice Scalia, believe that the state cannot err if it follows the rules, regardless of a single person's "actual innocence." Looking in the rearview mirror for truth will only destabilize the system and create a lack of confidence in the state's ability to mete out justice. This isn't about being human --- it's about being inhuman.
Advertisement:
The lesson in all this is that the state cannot police itself when it comes to prosecutorial or judicial error or misconduct. Every incentive in the system calls for them to cover up their mistakes in order to maintain the illusion of infallibility (and their individual human belief in their own righteousness).
There is some good news on this front. The ability to test DNA is changing everything and the legal culture that has been fighting against reevaluating old evidence is breaking down. New science is questioning the use of confessions and eyewitness testimony and new procedures are being put in place after some truly horrendous crime lab errors were uncovered. Conviction integrity units and pre-trial reliability hearings are becoming more common, and outside groups like the Innocence Project and state commissions like the one that finally freed the two wrongly convicted men in North Carolina are making a difference. So there is progress.
The question is whether the wider culture of unaccountable leadership will continue to prevail. So far, there have been virtually no repercussions for acts over the past decade that devastated the economy and created the morass we now see in the Middle East. There is little appetite for revisiting the errors of omission and commission that were perpetrated by the government to both create and then exacerbate those crises. We seem to have settled on the idea that confronting our defects and admitting our mistakes will cause the whole house of cards to come tumbling down. One cannot help noticing that all these people who refuse to deal with the truth seem to have very little faith in the American system -- and the American people.
You'd think a country that fetishizes the concept of freedom and allegedly worships the Bible would take John 8:32 a little bit more seriously: And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.
As Mark Munoz heals, the rest of the UFC's middleweight division moves forward. Martin McNeil for ESPN.com
Mark Munoz remains well ahead of schedule in his recovery from elbow surgery.
The UFC middleweight has resumed training activities following a procedure in late January that removed 24 bone fragments from his elbow. The injury forced Munoz to withdraw from a No. 1 contender's bout against Chael Sonnen at UFC on Fox 2.
On his way to a full recovery, Munoz has an evaluation with his physician scheduled for today and hopes to accept a fight from UFC brass in the coming weeks.
The list of potential opponents to welcome him back lost two names on Monday, when the promotion officially booked a matchup between Michael Bisping and Tim Boetsch for UFC 148 on July 7.
Following the announcement, Munoz admitted he was a bit surprised the UFC hadn't opted to keep Bisping's calendar open.
“It was surprising to me,” Munoz told ESPN.com. “I thought we were on a collision course. I know there are a lot of people in the general public that wanted us to fight.
“I would have loved to fight Bisping just because he's a bigger name and I match up well with him. But hey, he's fighting Boetsch and he's got his hands full. That's a real intriguing fight. We'll see what happens.”
A little tied up: Michael Bisping, facing, is set to meet Tim Boetsch. Ross Dettman for ESPN.com
A fight between Munoz (12-2) and Bisping (22-4) would have certainly made sense. It was Bisping who stepped in for Munoz and lost a controversial decision to Sonnen in Chicago.
The two have never fought and are neck-and-neck for a future title shot at 185 pounds. ESPN.com has Munoz and Bisping ranked fourth and fifth, respectively, trailing only Anderson Silva, Sonnen and Vitor Belfort.
Timing, it seems, wouldn't have been an issue, either. Bisping will fight July 7. Munoz, who was originally scheduled to be out until August, says he'd love to be on the UFC 149 card in Calgary, Alberta, two weeks later.
“I'll take a fight in July,” Munoz said. “I'll be ready by then for sure.
“I think the UFC likes Bisping and I think they're giving him Boetsch right now. On the other hand, they like matching winners with winners and losers with losers. We'll see what happens.”
With Bisping off the list, Munoz acknowledged there aren't many options in the division left that make sense.
Belfort is already scheduled to fight Wanderlei Silva this summer. Rousimar Palhares and Alan Belcher, both owners of three-fight win streaks, will meet in May. Former No. 1 contender Demian Maia recently announced a move to welterweight.
By process of elimination, Chris Weidman seems like Mark Munoz's next opponent. Ross Dettman for ESPN.com
That likely leaves undefeated prospect Chris Weidman (8-0) as the top candidate. Weidman is coming off a decision win over Maia on the same UFC on Fox 2 card Munoz withdrew from.
“That's probably it, huh?” said Munoz, with a laugh. “We're playing matchmaker right there. I don't know. We'll see if they give me Weidman. I would like to have a title shot but we'll see what they give me.”
With Silva expected to defend his title against Sonnen in June, Munoz is expecting at least one fight before earning a title shot -- maybe more. Belfort and Bisping would each have strong cases to leap past Munoz with high-profile wins in their next fights.
If that were to happen, Munoz says he would not allow himself to fall into the position of waiting for a title shot, considering he's currently in the midst of the longest layoff of his career due to injury.
Of course, he's hoping it doesn't come to that -- and believes it shouldn't.
“I feel that I deserve a title shot,” Munoz said. “I feel I've done everything I possibly can do to get that shot. That's what I want to fight for. That's what I want.”
Artist Robert Heishman says he caught his first glimpse into Kansas City's 1960's drag scene while rummaging around a Kansas City salvage yard in 2006.
He tells The Cut he was looking for material for an undergraduate documentary class when he stumbled upon a slide carousel labeled “Jack's Slides: Chicago and Kansas City.” He purchased the slides for $2.
“The first image I looked at was this picture of a man in a kimono that was incredibly colorful — it was just a stunning image to behold,” he says. “There wet family photos, and then I hit this line of images that were all people dressed in drag, predominantly standing in front of this beautiful mosaic outside a bar.”
Two years later, Heishman coincidentally fell into another half of the drag photo collection, when his longtime friend Michael Boles discovered more slides (presumably from the same photographer) while helping a friend move into a new house, which just so happened to be around the corner from drag clubs that were hot in the '50s and '60s.
“When we got them together and paired them up, it was kind of amazing,” Boles said. “Some of them are even from the same parties.”
Along with the help of researcher Emily Henson, Heishman and Boles have released the collection, now titled “Private Birthday Party”, to conserve the rich history of mid-century drag ball culture in middle America, and ultimately, find the original photographer.
“We believe it's someone named Jack,” Boles said, “but he's still sort of an elusive figure at this point. We have some leads, but at the time being we're still trying to figure all that out.”
Below, a selection from “Private Birthday Party”, as published by The Cut:
h/t omgblog
In April 1947, the most famous and, arguably, most beloved ballplayer of all-time was honored at Yankee Stadium on "Babe Ruth Day." Sixty-thousand fans filled The House That Ruth Built to pay tribute to a player who, even then, had already transcended the sport and become not merely a national icon, but an international star — a man whose eye-popping numbers (714 career home runs, more than 2,800 hits . . . a .342 lifetime batting average, fer chrissake!) and larger-than-life personality captivated grown-ups and kids, alike.
Here, on the anniversary of that April day, LIFE.com presents pictures made by photographer Ralph Morse — including many photos that were never published in LIFE — from Babe Ruth Day at the old Yankee Stadium, as well as from the Babe's last public appearance a year later, in June 1948, just months before he died.
LIFE magazine, meanwhile, in its May 12, 1947, issue, reported on Babe Ruth Day thus:
On April 27 in baseball parks all over the nation the fans met to honor their greatest hero. Everywhere the game was held up while spectators listened to a broadcast from Yankee Stadium. There Babe Ruth, sick and old at 52, received eulogies, scores of gifts and an ovation that almost brought tears to his eyes. It was a big, dramatic ceremony.
This was fitting. Everything George Herman Ruth did was big and dramatic. His powerful bat earned the money to pay for Yankee Stadium, 'the house that Ruth built.' His warm, expansive personality gave baseball respectability after the [1919] Black Sox scandal has almost ruined it. To every boy in the land the great, wide smile and booming voice of the Babe were a personal inspiration.
Last week the booming voice had died to a hoarse murmur as the ailing Babe thanked his fans for their tribute. Then, with the thundering cheers of the crowd still ringing in his ears, Babe Ruth returned to his memories of a past glory.
For his part, explaining the reasons why the photos he made in 1948 a) are in color and b) never ran in LIFE, Morse reminded LIFE.com that the magazine "had one page a week dedicated to [breaking] news. All the other stuff — art, fashion, lifestyle — was printed a week in advance. But we had one page that was held open for a news picture, and when an editor called me that morning at home and told me to head over to Yankee Stadium, he asked if I had any black and white film. 'I got two rolls of color,' I told him. 'That's all I have in the house.' 'Okay,' he said. 'Go ahead, shoot it in color.' And that's it — that's why the shots I took that day are in color.
"I took the pictures, and headed down to the LIFE offices with the film," Morse recalls. "But when I got there, the managing editor says, 'Sorry, Ralph. We couldn't wait for you. We closed the page.' That was that: the issue was closed, and I lost the page I was shooting for. I think they ran some Hollywood crap in there, instead. But that sort of thing happened all the time."
Morse believes that the pictures of the obviously ailing Ruth "work so much better in color than they would in black and white. Because with black and white, you might get a sense of how frail Ruth was, but you wouldn't really see it the way you do here. In black and white, you wouldn't see how gray his face looked, how the cancer had really destroyed him. Ruth wouldn't look as sick in black and white as he does in color. The man was dying — and it showed."
(Coming back into the locker room after addressing the crowd on that June day in 1948 — so the story goes — Ruth was offered a beer by his old teammate, "Jumping Joe" Dugan, who asked the Babe how he was doing. Ruth took the beer, looked Dugan in the eye and said, "Joe, I'm gone." Then he broke down in tears.)
"Everyone knew he was sick," Morse said. "He'd been sick since 1946, when he was diagnosed with cancer — but when they held 'Babe Ruth Day' at the stadium, he didn't even put on a uniform. Just came out in a suit, a long coat, that wool cap, and thanked the crowd. But those of us down there on the field, taking pictures — we could see how old he'd gotten. He wasn't the Babe Ruth everyone remembers. He put a brave face on it, but he was ravaged."
The Yankees retired Ruth's famous No. 3 on June 13, 1948. Ruth's Yankee teammate, the Lou "The Iron Horse" Gehrig, was the first major league player so honored, when his No. 4 was retired in 1939.
"It was moving," Morse says, "being there in the locker room that day, knowing that Ruth's number was going to be retired, that it was never going to be worn again on another Yankees jersey. But another thing, purely from a photographer's point of view, is that the Yankees' lockers were a bright, bright red, which in my experience was unusual. The color gave that quiet scene a bit of excitement. I mean, here's this man — once an incredible athlete, but now literally gray, sick, trying to get his clothes on — with this great big number three on a bright red locker behind him. It was just such a striking scene."
Liz Ronk, who edited this gallery, is the Photo Editor for LIFE.com. Follow her on Twitter @lizabethronk .
Google's chief business officer, Omid Kordestani. JD Lasica / Flickr Google stock has been flat for a couple of years, and we've decided to take a closer look at why.
One metric that people who are pessimistic about Google like to talk about is the declining amount that Google can charge for each click on its search ads.
When Google reported its earnings for the fourth quarter of 2014, it said that cost per click was down 3% from the same quarter a year before.
Worse, Google said the rate of decline was accelerating.
Why is this happening?
We asked two experts on the intricacies of Google's search advertising business: Danny Sullivan, the founding editor of Search Engine Land, and Ginny Marvin, one of Search Engine Land's reporters.
The following is what they told us, in paraphrase.
After the iPhone came out in 2007 and Android came out in 2008, Google executives realized that the number of people connecting to the internet on mobile devices would soon surpass the number connecting on desktop computers.
This is what that trend looked like:
Comscore
The trend was bad news for Google, because at the time it made almost all of its money from selling desktop search ads.
So in March 2013, Google made a decision. It told advertisers: If you buy ads from us, they will show up on desktop and mobile — we aren't going to distinguish between the two platforms. It was a quick-and-dirty way for Google to become a huge player in mobile advertising. For the most part, advertisers took in this news and continued to run their normal campaigns, and soon Google dominated the market.
But eventually Google had a new problem on its hands.
Most of Google's advertisers are companies trying to sell products to users who are looking for those products via Google. When a user clicks on one of their ads, that user goes straight to the advertiser's online store.
Because Google told its advertisers not to worry about creating campaigns specifically for mobile or for desktop, Sullivan and Marvin say that most of them continued using the same online stores that they had when their ads appeared only on Google's desktop search-results pages.
These stores were not very easy to use on mobile. As a result, shoppers who came to them via mobile search ads were not completing as many transactions as they had when they came through desktop search ads.
For advertisers, the value of a person who came to their online stores through a click on a Google ad was lower. The price that advertisers were willing to pay per click also came down.
Down went Google's cost per click:
Google
Marvin says that for the past few quarters, the value of traffic from Google's mobile search ads has slowly been increasing, but that the number still stands well below desktop.
The scary fact of the matter for Google is this:
The company can have the most modern and mobile-friendly apps and software on the planet (some say it does, citing Android and Google Maps as proof), but as far as Google's business goes, it won't matter until Google's millions of advertisers develop online stores that people want to use in the smartphone era.
The threat for Google is that, while Google's millions of advertisers slowly modernize, consumers will learn to shop on the internet in ways that do not include Google at all.
There is already plenty of evidence that they are happy to skip web search altogether and go straight into apps or to Amazon.com. And that may be enough of an explanation for why Google's stock price has been flat for so long.
But there are other questions about Google that need to be answered.
Is the company's CEO, Larry Page, interested in attacking these kinds of problems?
More on that soon.
We're taking a closer look at Google, which seems to have gone flat as a company. We'd like to hear from Googlers and ex-Googlers. Email nicholas@businessinsider.com or jdonfro@businessinsider.com.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark. (KTHV) - A member of the Blevins school board has been asked to resign after images surfaced earlier this week of him in blackface.
Tom Bonner allegedly wore the costume during a Halloween party, carrying around a sign that said "Black Lives Matter". Now, the Arkansas Education Association (AEA) has released a statement asking for his resignation.
In the statement, the AEA questioned Bonner's judgment and said that school board members are elected to "make sound decisions about students and schools."
They continue to condemn Bonner's decision to dress up in a blackface costume calling it both inexcusable and unconscionable. AEA said that while Bonner apologized to the Blevins School District's school board, he did not offer an apology to students, their families, or the community.
The Blevins School District has established policies for students and school employees to ensure high standards for conduct and ethical behavior. Disappointingly, school board member Bonner, is not held to the same standards for ethics within his role. That is wrong. So are his actions. When existing policies fail to hold bad actors accountable, it is up to us to do so. Mr. Bonner, prove your ability to put students first by stepping down.
The Arkansas Teachers Association have not released a statement on Bonner's actions, but Dr. Michele Ballentine-Linch said they are going to try to address the issue through legislation. She said they want the ability to file an ethics complaint against a school board member in order to remove them if they commit unethical behavior.
The local chapter of the NAACP have also urged that Bonner step down. President Rizelle Aaron talked with the Blevins School Board President, Justice West and requested that Bonner should resign.
""Elected officials have an obligation to be a role model for our future leads and Bonner has conducted himself in a manner that is unbecoming of an elected official," Aaron said in the statement.
Aaron ends the statement saying that Bonner owes it to the Bonner School District and the state of Arkansas to resign.
Tom Bonner, as of the writing of this article, has not resigned from the Blevins school board.
All of the main parties have nominated a “lead candidate” to take them into this Sunday's election, some have even nominated two. We picked our favourite ones and ruminated on which side dishes they would be best served with.
Sahra Wagenknecht (Die Linke)
Photo: DPA
Die Linke (the Left Party) are a left over from communist East Germany, formed out of the remnants of the Socialist Unity Party, which ruled the east up until 1989. They are suffering from a membership crisis as the majority of their numbers are aged party loyalists from before the fall of the Berlin Wall.
Die Linke have re-branded themselves as "democratic socialists" and some 10 percent of Germans are expected to vote for them.
Sahra Wagenknecht, their firey leader, once said that the Berlin Wall was “a necessary evil.”
We would recommend a rather spartan way of serving up the east German economist. Perhaps at most a garnish of half a Spreewald gherkin would do the trick. At any rate, if Wagenknecht won power, it wouldn't be possible to muster up anything else, as the shop shelves would all be empty.
Martin Schulz (Social Democrats)
Photo: DPA
Mr. Schulz is representing the oldest party in Germany. The Social Democrats trace their roots all the way back to the mid-19th Century and have survived several attempts at suppression during their history.
Schulz unfortunately has far less staying power. After he entered the running as the SPD candidate in January, the party shot up in the polls. For a few weeks it seemed that Schulz could sweep to an improbable victory over Angela Merkel. But the euphoria was driven by a simple hunger for something new - at that stage no one really knew what Schulz stood for.
That's why we'd serve him up with Weisswurst and a pretzel. Germans go crazy for this classic breakfast when they have an empty stomach. But by the time the clock has struck 10am, the pretzel has gone a bit stale, the sausage has dried out and they won't look at it anymore.
Alexander Gauland (Alternative for Germany)
Photo: DPA/ Flickr photo of a tagine/ Anthony Tong Lee
Even those of us who only pay passing attention to German politics probably know the AfD by now. Set up by a group of eurosceptic economists in 2013, an internal coup two years later shot them to the right.
The man leading them into the elections is 76-year-old Alexander Gauland, who likes to dress like an English country gent. Much like an Englishman in his manor, he also likes to fume about foreigners taking over the country.
In recent weeks he has made several comments which suggest his thinking hasn't evolved much since the year he was born. He has advocated "dumping" an SPD politician in Turkey, claimed that Islam "doesn't belong in Germany", and said Germans should be proud of the achievements of their soldiers in the Second World War.
Preparing a meal containing the AfD leader would require patience. He would need to be marinated for around a week, before being cooked at a low heat for several days to tenderize that tough old meat.
Naturally, Mr Gauland would claim that he is best served with a side of sauerkraut and dumplings, but slow cooked meat goes so well in a Moroccan tagine.
Katrin Göring-Eckardt (the Greens)
Katrin Göring-Eckardt prefers to know where her side dishes come from. Photo: DPA
The Greens are worlds apart from the AfD on most policy matters. They are pro-refugee, hate diesel engines, and are all about gender equality.
But they can be as provincial as their far-right rivals in some ways, too. For instance Göring-Eckardt would be horrified to be served up with anything other than mung beans and kale from her own garden.
It is also important that the dish is offered in a gender neutral form on the menu - so that'll be a flash-fried Green leader with a side of Bohnen/Innen und Kohl/in.
Christian Lindner (Free Democrats)
Photo: DPA
Walk down the street of any German town at the moment and you might get the impression that the neoliberal Free Democrats have only put up one candidate for election. From Bavaria to Brandenburg, Stuttgart to Schwerin, the egocentric Lindner has become the sole face of the FDP.
So what else could we do but serve up Lindner with a side of Christian Lindner? For starters one would slurp down a Lindner Bisque, while the dessert of the day would be Christian brûlée.
Angela Merkel (Christian Democrats)
Photo: DPA
So, how to serve the big one, the Chancellor of the past 12 years? The guests will have high expectations, but it's not easy to cook a cut of Merkel.
Somewhat like tofu or chicken, she provides a texture and consistency to a meal that appeals to a broad audience, without having an apparent flavour of her own. Seasoning is therefore everything. Over the past four years it has been à la mode to give her a red hue by adding ground paprika or stewing her in a tomato sauce (this has normally been served with a Bavarian Weissbier).
If rumour is to be believed though, this autumn Berlin restaurants will be offering her with a side of Green vegetables and a chaser of Jamaican rum.
About This Game
Key features:
Every play-through a unique experience, with randomly generated audio, visuals and events.
Explore Incredible environments that push the Source engine to new levels of beauty.
A poetic, semi-randomised story like you've never experienced in a game before.
Stunning soundtrack featuring world-class musicians.
An uncompromisingly inventive game delivered to the highest AAA standards.
Soundtrack
“A deserted island…a lost man…memories of a fatal crash…a book written by a dying explorer.”Two years in the making, the highly anticipated Indie remake of the cult mod Dear Esther arrives on PC. Dear Esther immerses you in a stunningly realised world, a remote and desolate island somewhere in the outer Hebrides. As you step forwards, a voice begins to read fragments of a letter: "Dear Esther..." - and so begins a journey through one of the most original first-person games of recent years. Abandoning traditional gameplay for a pure story-driven experience, Dear Esther fuses its beautiful environments with a breathtaking soundtrack to tell a powerful story of love, loss, guilt and redemption.Forget the normal rules of play; if nothing seems real here, it's because it may just be all a delusion. What is the significance of the aerial -- What happened on the motorway -- is the island real or imagined -- who is Esther and why has she chosen to summon you here? The answers are out there, on the lost beach, the windswept cliffs and buried in the darkness of the tunnels beneath the island… Or then again, they may just not be, after all…Dear Esther is supported by Indie Fund.Jessica Curry's haunting and beautiful soundtrack to Dear Esther, now available on Steam, has been a hit with gamers and critics alike. Reviewers have said ""Curry's score reflects the player's feelings without oppressively instructing them. Exquisitely constructed, both sonically and visually" (Eurogamer), "as beautiful as the game is, it'd be remiss not to mention Curry's atmospheric soundtrack...impossible to ignore." (Edge), "spellbinding, fascinating aural landscape: a resounding success" (Square Enix), "Curry's delicate & understated musical score achieves a level of excellence. It's the ultimate achievement of composition." (Bitgamer). The soundtrack was shortlisted for the Excellence in Audio award at the Independent Games Festival 2012
THE Boy Scouts aren't budging. Neither is the Ohio Cub Scout leader forced to resign for being a lesbian.
Jennifer Tyrrell, 32, wants to be reinstated as leader of her son's pack and has been crisscrossing the country winning support for her cause.
Jennifer Tyrrell and son Cruz. Credit:AP
''The goal is really just to raise awareness,'' Ms Tyrrell said. ''We're hoping the Boy Scouts will do the right thing and just change the policy.''
Officials at the Boy Scouts of America, which has an oath calling for members to be ''morally straight'', maintain they have the right as a private group to exclude gays from their ranks. That position was upheld by the US Supreme Court in 2000 but has led many state and local governments to deny support for the group. Further, the Scouts add, Ms Tyrrell knew the policy when she joined up.
The Government setup the National Sports Development Fund (NSDF) in 1998 to promote sports in the country. In the 18 years since its inception, the fund could raise only Rs 158 crore out of which 50 crore was donated by BCCI.
The data on the contributions to the National Sports Development Fund (NSDF) paints a sorry picture of sports promotion in the country. In the 18 years since its inception, the NSDF has raised a meager Rs 157.88 crore.
The NSDF was setup in 1998 to promote sports and games in the country. The fund was envisaged to provide financial support to sportspersons, sports academies etc. The fund receives donations from various bodies such as Public Sector Undertakings (PSUs), State Governments and other Private organizations. Government of India would provide a matching grant in addition to the donations made by various entities.
50 out of the 158 crore was donated by BCCI
Between 1998-99 and 2015-16 (up to 30th June 2015), a total of 157.88 crore rupees was raised by the NSDF. Rs 96.46 crore was the donated amount while Rs 61.42 crore was the matching contribution by the Government of India. The greatest amount was raised in 2008-09 when the BCCI donated Rs 35 crore. The BCCI also donated Rs 15 crore in 2007-08 taking its total contribution amount to Rs 50 crore, or more than 30% of the total amount raised. Jaypee Sports International Limited donated a total of Rs 30 crore. India Infrastructure Finance Company Limited (IIFCL) donated Rs 10 crore towards the TOP scheme for the Rio Olympics. State Government of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh & Haryana donated crore rupees each. PSUs donated very little amounts.
Parliamentary Standing Committee slams the performance of NSDF
In a scathing report, the department related standing committee on Human Resource Development slammed the performance of the NSDF. In its 270th report submitted in August 2015, the committee said, ‘since its inception adequate funds could not be collected which indicates that the Department did not make sincere efforts to approach the Corporate and the Public sector for contribution to the NSDF.'
The Committee concluded that the situation has not improved over the years and the NSDF corpus was still scarce. It also observed that not many public and private organizations are coming forward to contribute to the Fund and there is a lot of overlapping in promotion of sports as respective organizations are following their own pattern so far as development of sports is concerned.
The committee observed that barring BCCI & JP Industries, only small amounts of donations were made by various private and government organizations. The committee also mentioned that BCCI was denied tax exemption for their contribution and that the department of revenue should reverse its decision of denying tax exemption.
Most PSUs not even aware of the existence of NSDF
The committee noted that most PSUs were not even aware of the existence of the NSDF and were doing things on their own for the promotion of sports in the country. Coal India Limited, for instance has the Coal India Sports Promotion Association (CISPA) for promotion of sports to which Coal India and its subsidiaries have contributed 11.54 crore and 12.33 crore in 2014-15 and 2015-16 respectively.
Similarly Damodar Valley Corporation was doing their own bit under CSR for promotion of sports in the rural areas. SBI chairman also told the committee that SBI did not make any specific contribution to the NSDF. ONGC also mentioned that funds for sports promotion are met from their CSR fund, but have not made any specific contribution to the NSDF.
No co-ordination between organizations
Based on its discussions with various PSUs, the committee felt that they were not even aware of the existence of NSDF and were linking their sports promotion activities with CSR activities. The Committee also found that the Banks and PSUs were spending crores of rupees every year independently in the name of sports mainly for entertainment purposes or for their commercial publicity in the form of giving sponsorship to tournaments, annual meets, smaller cash awards at local levels etc. The committee clearly saw a lack of co-ordination amongst the PSUs in this regard. The committee felt that such activities will not help develop sports in the country and that a greater part of such funds if diverted to NSDF would produce better results.
NSDF should be publicized and be included in Schedule VII of the Companies Act
The committee felt that the NSDF should be well publicized among PSUs and other organizations by publishing a booklet on NSDF, its mandate, functions, achievements etc. The committee also felt that the NSDF should be included in Schedule VII of the companies act so that PSUs and private companies start contributing to the NSDF from their CSR funds. The committee felt that unless these steps are taken, the NSDF wouldn't be able to attract donations from various organizations.
Featured Image: Sports
After spending more than $425 million on a long-term contractor to rain down pamphlets and produce broadcasts, websites and billboards for Afghanistan citizens, the Pentagon confirms it is switching to another company for its propaganda operations.
The contract with Leonie Industries was denied renewal earlier this year, Col. David Hylton, a spokesman for the Army's contracting command, said in an email to USA Today.
The severing of its seven-year relationship with the contractor comes after a series of criticisms. The Pentagon admitted it doubted the effectiveness of efforts under its Information Operation program. In 2012, USA Today reported there were hundreds of millions of dollars the Pentagon had spent on poorly tracked operational programs to persuade hostile populations in Iraq and Afghanistan.
According to a 2013 Government Accountability Office report, meant for internal use but obtained by USA Today, the impact of the programs was unclear and the military did not know whether it was targeting the right people.
The news outlet also found out the contractor owners owed the federal government $4 million in taxes a year after winning a $92 million Pentagon contract. The disclosure caused the company to launch a slander campaign against USA Today, using fake Twitter and Facebook accounts opened in reporters' names, setting up phony fan clubs raising questions about previous work, and even posts to imply they were Taliban sympathizers.
Congress, led by Rep. Jackie Speier (D-California), pushed for legislation banning contractors with federal tax debts from doing business with the government.
Propaganda programs are more closely tracked now, the Pentagon said, although there is still a lack of transparency around contracts. Military officials would not provide measures of the effectiveness of a pamphlet drop in Syria late last year, for instance, saying that information was classified, reported by The Washington Post.
Scott Amey, general counsel of the watchdog group Project on Government Oversight, called for a review of the reliance on private contractors for the program.
“The government should be auditing the previous contract to ensure that taxpayer dollars were spent wisely,” Amey said. “Additionally, moving forward, I hope that (Pentagon) brass has determined that this work is truly essential, that it benefits the U.S., and that we are in good hands with contractors taking the lead.”
‘Dozens' killed in US airstrike on Yemen al-Qaeda camp – Pentagon https://t.co/y1UCyCoKfqpic.twitter.com/ghtyC0xwlI — RT America (@RT_America) March 23, 2016
There is no central public database for finding out which contractors are doing what for the Defense Department.
The Pentagon's new contractor for propaganda is SOS International, a family-owned business with corporate headquarters in New York City. They have been awarded a $32 million contract.
This is not the first government contract for SOS International. According to the Daily Beast, it was the biggest player on the ground in Iraq and the largest employer of Americans after the US embassy there.
On the company's board of advisers are former Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz and Paul Butler, former special assistant to former Pentagon chief Donald Rumsfeld.
In 2015, the company said on its website that its contacts in Iraq had a total value of $400 million. The contracts covered everything from meals to perimeter security to emergency fire and medical services.
Tony Cartalucci
Activist Post
Corroborating claims by French security agencies, a bizarre interview conducted just before the death of terror suspect Chérif Kouachi reveals that he had been in Yemen and in direct contact with none other than Anwar Al Awlaki – the notorious Al Qaeda leader allegedly killed in a drone strike in Yemen in 2011.
Image: The Kouachi brothers, arrested twice for terrorism, convicted and imprisoned for terrorism, having met senior leadership of Al Qaeda, having trained with and fought alongside Al Qaeda, French intelligence would – 6 months ago – deem the dangerous duo a “low risk.” 6 months also happens to be the perfect time frame within which they could plan, fund, and begin executing their grand finale. Are we to believe it is a coincidence French intelligence turned the spotlight off just in time for them to piece together the worst terror attack in France in decades? Who is it French intelligence considers “high risk” and isn't immediately arresting?
The UK Mirror in an article titled, “Paris shootings: Listen to terrorist Amedy Coulibaly's bizarre conversation with hostage during supermarket siege,” quoted Kouachi as saying:
We are just telling you we are the defenders of the prophet and that I Chérif Kouachi have been sent by Al Qaida of Yemen and that I went over there and that Anwar Al Awaki financed me.
Not only was Anwar Al Awlaki a senior leader in Al Qaeda, he also infamously spent dinner with top brass at the Pentagon shortly after the September 11, 2001 attacks in Washington, New York, and over Pennsylvania.
CBS News would report in their article, “Qaeda-Linked Imam Dined at Pentagon after 9/11,” that:
Anwar al-Awlaki – the radical spiritual leader linked to several 9/11 attackers, the Fort Hood shooting, and the attempted Christmas Day bombing of an airliner – was a guest at the Pentagon in the months after 9/11, a Pentagon official confirmed to CBS News.
Awlaki was invited as “…part of an informal outreach program” in which officials sought contact “…with leading members of the Muslim community,” the official said. At that time, Awlaki was widely viewed as a “moderate” imam at a mosque in Northern Virginia.
At the same time, the FBI was also interviewing Awlaki about his contacts with three of the 9/11 attackers – Nawaf al-Hazmi, Khalid al Midhar and Hani Hanjour – who were all part of the crew of five that hijacked the American Airlines jet that hit the Pentagon.
Image: Just another coincidence … Senior Al Qaeda leader Anwar Al Awlaki
was clicking glasses together at the Pentagon with American military brass
just months after the 9/11 attacks in 2001. Also, “coincidentally,” he had in
fact met at least one of the several alleged hijackers. He also, just before
being liquidated by a US drone attack in 2011, allegedly funded the terror cell
responsible for the recent Paris shootings.
Indeed, Anwar Al Awlaki would admit to having met Hazmi – in yet another incident the general public is supposed to believe is simply an astonishing coincidence.
The list of “coincidences” and “accidents” is so far impressive and include the following:
1. French authorities arrested and imprisoned Chérif Kouachi in 2005 for terrorism. He would be released in 2008 after sentencing was suspended for “time served,” this despite evidence suggesting Kouachi may have even gone as far with his plot as travel to Yemen. Slate Magazine would report in their article, “The Details of Paris Suspect Cherif Kouachi's 2008 Terrorism Conviction,” that:
Kouachi was arrested in January 2005, accused of planning to join jihadists in Iraq. He was said to have fallen under the sway of Farid Benyettou, a young “self-taught preacher” who advocated violence, but had not actually yet traveled to Iraq or committed any acts of terror. Lawyers at the time said he had not received weapons training and “had begun having second thoughts,” going so far as to express “relief” that he'd been apprehended.
2. Kouachi and brother Said would be implicated in another terrorist plot again in 2010 but were not prosecuted due to a lack of evidence. The BBC in their report titled, “Charlie Hebdo attack: Suspects' profiles,” would state:
In 2010 Cherif Kouachi was named in connection with a plot to spring another Islamist, Smain Ait Ali Belkacem, from jail – a plot hatched by Beghal, according to French anti-terror police.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets Belkacem used to be in the outlawed Algerian Islamic Armed Group (GIA) and was jailed for life in 2002 for a Paris metro station bombing in 1995 which injured 30 people.
Said Kouachi, 34, was also named in the Belkacem plot, but the brothers were not prosecuted because of a lack of evidence.
3. With French intelligence agencies' knowledge, the Kouachi brothers would then travel to Yemen in 2011, receiving weapons training directly from Al Qaeda. CNN's report titled, “France tells U.S. Paris suspect trained with al Qaeda in Yemen,” would report:
A U.S. official says the United States was given information from the French intelligence agency that Said Kouachi traveled to Yemen as late as 2011 on behalf of the al Qaeda affiliate there. Once in Yemen, the older brother of the two received a variety of weapons training from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) — the affiliate in Yemen — the official said, including on how to fire weapons. It is also possible Said was trained in bomb making, a common jihadist training in Yemen. Two other U.S. officials confirmed that information about the Yemeni travel was passed to the U.S. from French intelligence agencies. In addition, French Justice Minister Christiane Taubira told CNN's Christiane Amanpour in an interview broadcast on CNN International that one of the brothers traveled to Yemen in 2005. Taubira would not say which brother.
Admissions that one of the brothers had traveled to Yemen in 2005, suggests the possibility he may indeed have received weapons training from Al Qaeda before his arrest and imprisonment later that same year.
4. It was reported that the brothers then fought in Syria before returning last summer, approximately 6 months ago. USA Today would report in an article titled, “Manhunt continues for two French terror suspects,” that:
The brothers were born in Paris of Algerian descent. Cherif was sentenced to three years in prison on terrorism charges in May 2008. Both brothers returned from Syria this summer.
5. Also about 6 months ago, French intelligence decided the suspects' serial offenses along with their direct contact with Al Qaeda – including the receiving of terrorist training and battlefield experience fighting along side them in Syria – were “low risk” cases and therefore not worthy of their attention.
Astoundingly, UK's Daily Mail would report in their article, “Revealed: Police stopped watching Paris killers six months ago after terror cell of kosher deli attacker and his crossbow jihadi wife – who has fled to Syria – were deemed ‘low-risk',” that:
The world's most wanted female terrorist has fled to Syria, it was revealed last night – as police admitted they stopped surveillance on her deadly Parisian cell six months ago because they were deemed ‘low-risk'.
Patroling the streets of Baltimore police's Western District with Acting Maj. Sheree Briscoe and Acting Capt. Robert Jackson. The Western District is where Freddie Gray was taken into custody. (Lloyd Fox/Baltimore Sun video)
Patroling the streets of Baltimore police's Western District with Acting Maj. Sheree Briscoe and Acting Capt. Robert Jackson. The Western District is where Freddie Gray was taken into custody. (Lloyd Fox/Baltimore Sun video)
If you're a heavy user of Facebook, Messenger, or Instagram, you'd probably never guess that on the first floor of a building at the social networking giant's Silicon Valley campus, behind a key-card access door that grants entry only to a select few people, is a scanning electron microscope .
This is the kind of high-end device you might find in a university science lab, or maybe in an R&D facility of a company doing complex scientific research. But Facebook?
Absolutely. The microscope is one of a group of very expensive, precision machines that are part of Area 404, Facebook's brand-new hardware lab, 22,000 square feet of pristine space under bright lights dedicated to helping the company design, prototype, test, and even build hardware for projects as diverse as its Aquila Internet connectivity drones, Oculus VR, its data centers, and other systems.
The lab's scanning electron microscope, an expensive device used in failure analysis. Photos: Daniel Terdiman for Fast Company
Facebook has long had a hardware lab, but years ago, the facility was little more than the size of a desk in an old mail room at the company's first offices in nearby Palo Alto. This is an entirely different animal.
The idea behind the lab, Facebook's head of engineering and infrastructure Jay Parikh told a group of reporters yesterday during a tour, was to provide engineers from a wide variety of the the company's teams a place to come together to share expertise, and work quickly on projects. Plus, why waste weeks or even months and lots of money sending designs to third parties to prototype or stress-test something when, said Parikh, engineers “are able to take that stuff, walk it down the the end of the hallway and see what's happening?”
Facebook isn't saying how much it has invested in the new lab, but given that it has the kind of machinery that surely costs six figures or more, you can bet that the number is in the many millions of dollars.
Among the machines you can find in the lab are a 9-axis mill-turn lathe, a 5-axis vertical milling machine, a 5-axis water jet, a sheet metal shear and a sheet metal folder, a CNC fabric cutter, a coordinate measuring machine, a CT scanner, and of course, the scanning electron microscope.
The accuracy of stated energy contents of reduced-energy restaurant foods and frozen meals purchased from supermarkets was evaluated. Measured energy values of 29 quick-serve and sit-down restaurant foods averaged 18% more than stated values, and measured energy values of 10 frozen meals purchased from supermarkets averaged 8% more than originally stated. These differences substantially exceeded laboratory measurement error but did not achieve statistical significance due to considerable variability in the degree of underreporting. Some individual restaurant items contained up to 200% of stated values and, in addition, free side dishes increased provided energy to an average of 245% of stated values for the entrees they accompanied. These findings suggest that stated energy contents of reduced-energy meals obtained from restaurants and supermarkets are not consistently accurate, and in this study averaged more than measured values, especially when free side dishes were taken into account. If widespread, this phenomenon could hamper efforts to self-monitor energy intake to control weight, and could also reduce the potential benefit of recent policy initiatives to disseminate information on food energy content at the point of purchase.
Copyright 2010 American Dietetic Association. Published by Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
More and more countries are turning their backs on the PA and cutting funding over their support of terrorism and incitement.
The Palestinian Authority's (PA) actions of supporting and promoting terrorism against Israel have finally caught up with it, and the US has completely cut its direct support to the PA in 2016 over its belligerent conduct.
PA Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah stated earlier this month that the US has completely stopped funding the PA's general budget. “2016 is about to end, no shekel or agora, or dinar or dollar has been paid,” he said in an interview with the Voice of Palestine Radio, according to Palestinian Media Watch (PMW).
Hamdallah's remark corroborates a statement made by US Assistant Secretary of State Anne Patterson in April. At a hearing with the Foreign Affairs Committee of the US Congress following the release of PMW's report, titled “The PA's Billion Dollar Fraud,” Patterson was challenged by committee chairman Ed Royce as to why the US was funding the PA, given documentation that the PA was still paying salaries to terrorist prisoners.
“None of our money goes to this [salaries to prisoners]. It's not fungible in that respect. Our money goes essentially to pay PA debts to Israel and to other creditors,” Patterson told the committee.
Many other countries have likewise cut off funding to the PA, totaling a loss of 62% – 70%, according to PA government ministers.
“The aid has decreased greatly, reaching a drop of 62% compared to 2011,” Hamdallah said in the interview. “The countries that have given their aid… are the European Union, which always [gives] consistently and according to what is expected. When we plan the budget we know that the EU will pay. We thank Saudi Arabia, as President [Abbas] said at the Seventh Fatah Conference, and we thank Algeria. These are the countries that actually support our budget.”
PA Minister of Foreign Affairs Riyad Al-Malki admitted to the PA daily Al-Hayat Al-Jadida in September that “the current Palestinian financial situation is difficult, and there is a large reduction in foreign aid to the PA, which is estimated at 70% compared to last year [2015] or the year before.”
Similarly, PA Minister of Finance and Planning Shukri Bishara said earlier this month that “the foreign aid has decreased by 70% in five years”
Mounting Financial Pressure on PA
For years, there have been calls to cut foreign funding to the PA over its support of terrorism.
American legislators have been setting restrictions and conditions to the PA funding, due to its activities and incitement that undermine peace. As a result, the PA has not been eligible for funding under American law for many years.
Yet the PA was able to receive funding because US law also enabled US presidents to waive the funding restrictions of the law if it was in American national interest. For example, President Barack Obama announced such a waiver in 2013, saying it was “important to the national security interests of the United States.”
However, Congress did not support the routine presidential waivers given the continued PA incitement to hatred and terror. To curb this, Congress eventually made it harder for the president to use the waiver, requiring him to show that the PA is “acting to counter incitement.”
During the terror wave in 2015-2016, the PA leadership actively supported and justified the murder of Israelis. The PA prohibits peace-building activities between Palestinians and Israelis and vilifies them as “normalization.”
It should be stressed that American law prohibits US money from being “deposited in a PA account,” which is what Hamdallah complained about. However, the US has been covering some PA debts, as stated by Patterson.
Numerous parliamentarians in other countries, including Norway, Britain, Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands, and Sweden, have discussed cutting off funding to the PA over the regime's incitement to hate and terror, including payment of salaries to terrorists.
Britain publicly announced it was freezing 25,000,000 pounds – a third of its funding to the PA. Many other countries have likewise quietly cut off substantial funding, according to the PA.
Legislators and government officials in many countries believe that it is unethical or illegal to fund the PA while it pays salaries to terrorists and uses its budget to incite hatred and terror. The 62-70% drop in funding to the PA this year may, in part, reflect governments acting in response to such opinions.
By: United with Israel Staff
Mackenzie Forrest loved basketball, loved scoring points, loved Stephen Curry. Lakewood (Colo.) High School's career points leader was “the smartest player I ever coached,” Chris Poisson, her basketball coach, told The Denver Post.
Curry, one of the NBA's smartest players and best scorers, heard the message. And after Forrest's death in a car crash at age 17 — and a campaign by Lakewood's senior class — Curry interrupted his pregame routine for a subtle but meaningful shoutout.
MORE: Classic photos of Stephen Curry | Why did NBA scouts whiff on Curry?
"Lock in! #DubNation" is what Curry tweets before every game. It's part of his ritual, right alongside his tunnel shot. This one, before Wednesday's game against the Knicks, meant a little more.
Curry's gesture may seem small. Curry's gesture was small. But Curry's gesture went a long way for a grieving community.
@StephenCurry30 thank you so much Mr. Curry. This means the world. I'm sure Lil Mac is freaking out in heaven. 💙💛💙💛💙 — Lakewood High School (@lhs_tigers) March 17, 2016
Here was Lakewood senior class' campaign to get Curry's attention:
Forrest was a standout enough that she played in a local all-star tournament as a sophomore. The description from her coach at that event sounds somewhat similar to those who saw Curry play when he was young.
"She was the youngest on the team, everyone else was either juniors or seniors. She was the baby," her coach there, Terri Ward, told the Post. "She just had that infectious smile, and she could shoot the darn ball. That is for sure."
While the rest of the international community is aghast at the deaths of some 200 Palestinians in the ongoing Gaza conflict, the White House is loudly cheering the ongoing conflict, saying Israel's killing of large numbers of civilians is not “disproportionate” to the zero Israelis killed in the fighting.
With the UN and other international groups pushing for a settlement of the conflict, the Obama Administration maintains Israel has every right to continue attacking the tiny strip going forward.
The timing couldn't be worse, as Egypt's junta is seeking to negotiate a ceasefire in Gaza, and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has agreed to put the question to the security cabinet on Tuesday.
The Egypt proposal is the first of the current conflict to have any momentum behind it, but the loud US endorsement for the war may damage efforts to get Israel's cabinet to agree to it.
That's because within Israel, the primary impetus for a ceasefire would be to avoid international censure over the mass killings of civilians, and so long as the US is endorsing the killings there is no reason to think any UN resolutions calling for an end to the violence will get anywhere.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Goals
Use the leaner rails-api. This removes a lot of stuff Rails that you don't need for an API. This ensures that the API works for non-browser clients which do not support cookies. Also, there is no "View" layer that renders an HTML view for every request. This makes the response faster. Use Cucumber for integration tests. This serves as a way for testing the APIs and also for documenting them. Use devise gem for authentication and support token based authentication. There are things to watch out here since devise by default requires session and also tries to redirect after requests. We need to get around these. Version API's as per best practices.
rails-api
Setting up Rails::Api is fairly straightforward.
Add rails-api to the Gemfile and bundle install . ApplicationController should inherit from ActionController::Api which doesn't include many modules that are not required for an API.
Cucumber for testing JSON API's
Cucumber is a Behavior driven development tool and by default it ships with "capybara" which simulates a user's browser actions like filling up forms or clicking elements on the page. We need to change this behavior and simulate an external client that talks to the API directly using HTTP requests and understands JSON.
Since authentication API's accept username and password in HTTP BasicAuth headers, cucumber needs support for that as well. I found this nice little gem which helps here : cucumber-api-steps . It helps you write steps in cucumber that simulate an external client talking to the API and supports HTTP BasicAuth.
Now the problem comes while asserting the correctness of responses ( that's the whole point of testing ). I found another gem that helps here : json_spec . It ships with cucumber steps that help you match the response to your expected response .
The result is a well tested API whose test output serves as documentation for the API. Here's a sample test output :
Feature : Sign In Background : Given I send and accept JSON Scenario : Successful sign in using email and password Given "Adam" is a user with email id "user@gmail.com" and password "password123" And his role is "admin" And his authentication token is "auth_token_123" When I authenticate as the user "user@gmail.com" with the password "password123" And I send a POST request to "/api/users/sign_in" Then the response status should be "200" And the JSON response should have "auth_token" And the auth_token should be different from "auth_token_123" And the JSON response at "user_role" should be "admin"
Devise for authentication.
This is where things get tricky. First of all, devise needs to work well with Rails 4. There's a rails4 branch in devise github repo which I specified in my Gemfile.
Devise doesn't work out of the box for a Rails app built on rails-api . That's because devise requires MimeResponds module which is not included when we use rails-api , also rails4 branch of devise calls the "permit" method on params. This won't work because ApplicationController inherits from ActionController::API when using rails-api and does not include StrongParameters and params will be an instance of HashWithIndifferentAccess which does not have the permit method. To solve these problems, add the following to app/controllers/application_controller.rb
include ActionController :: MimeResponds include ActionController :: StrongParameters
Also, devise has the default behavior of redirecting to different paths after authentication actions like signin or signup. Since we're buiding an API, which has no redirects, we should get around this. For this, I added my own CustomDevise::SessionsController which inherits from Devise::SessionsController to override the create method so that it doesn't redirect on successful sign in. This is how the custom controller looks like :
This works for successful authentication. But if an authentication error occurs, the control goes to warden which uses a failure_app which is nothing but a Rack application which sets the flash messages and renders/redirects based on the requested format. I need a custom json response with an errors key holding an array of errors instead of the default error key. So I added a custom_auth_failure_app.rb under config/initializers with the following content :
Now we have to tell Devise to use the custom failure app by adding this to config/initializers/devise.rb :
config . warden do | manager | manager . failure_app = CustomAuthFailure end
Token based authentication
Here's the plan for token based authentication:
Client signs in using email and password, which are sent with HTTP Basic Authentication headers Successful sign in resets the authentication token and sends it back in the response Client uses this authentication token for every subsequent request.
In order to do this, we need to make a few changes.
Enable "token_authenticatable" in the devise model ( in our case, User model) and add the devise fields for token authentication in users table. Set the following lines in config/initializers/devise.rb :
config . http_authenticatable = true config . skip_session_storage = [ :http_auth , :token_auth ]
This will enable http basic authentication in devise and prevent session storage for token authentication.
There's another problem that I ran into. Devise uses the method warden.authenticate! to authenticate the user. This method by default tries to find a user from the Session. Since session is "nil" because rails-api removed it, it's going to throw an exception. You can get around this by including session, but the purpose of using Rails-Api is to make the app leaner. warden-1.2.1 does not work with nil session. A few pull requests have gone into warden including one from me, that allows warden to be used without a session, and this has been released as warden-1.2.2 . In order to use this version of warden, add gem 'warden', '1.2.2' before you add the devise gem in your Gemfile.
Now my cucumber scenarios for authentication are green. Phew !
Versioning the API
There are many ways to do this, you can use gems like Versionist or replace Rails-Api with RocketPants which has a DSL to write your API controllers which takes care of versioning as well, or roll your own versioning. I decided to write my own, the excellent RailsCast on Versioning APIs is all you need.
So basically, you add the following to your routes :
"api" namespace : so that your api URI's look like : http://domain/api/method scope with the version module : so that you can group your api version under a module, but the client doesn't need to add the version to the URI. A constraint to the scope : so that a version can be specified in the "Accept" header as per best practices ( atleast GitHub does it this way ) and a default version can be used if the header is not present.
So after versioning, you end up with the following directory structure for controllers, specs and features : /api/<version>/ , which helps you to maintain the versions separately.
There you go, by now you should have :
A woman from North Carolina says she unknowingly starred in a video taking responsibility for a series of Saskatoon crimes.
Samantha Field told CTV News on Tuesday she created a video in March for a customer on Fiverr, a website for freelancers to sell different creative services, like video production.
Field said a user named “alexemme” requested she read an excerpt from her new book. The script sent for her to read detailed how a woman — played by Field in the video — and an accomplice allegedly orchestrated the deliveries of suspicious packages in Saskatoon.
“We made those packages together, with the cookies and rockets and tissue paper,” Field claims in the video. "She said, ‘People will think the baking soda is anthrax.'"
The excerpt video would be displayed at alexemme's book launch, the Fiverr user told Field, according to screenshots of the pair's conversation.
But there was no book launch where the video played. Instead, the video was sent to media on April 9, accompanied by a handful of emails claiming the innocence of Alexa Emerson, the woman charged in the suspicious package deliveries.
“Honestly, the first thing that went through my head is, ‘This isn't true,'” Field told CTV of making the video.
Field said she charged $35 for the clip.
The video she sent to the Fiverr user included a pitch, encouraging people to buy a copy of the supposed book. The pitch wasn't included in the version of the video sent to media.
Field said she reached out to Saskatoon police a few days ago to help with the investigation, but has yet to receive a response.
Crime Stoppers told CTV News Tuesday the lead investigator in the case is on vacation until August, and a police spokesperson said officers are working to reach out to Field.
“We're aware that a young woman has contacted us regarding this, and we are attempting to follow up with her. Apart from that, we do not have any further update to the investigation,” spokesperson Kelsie Fraser said.
Emerson, who is also known as Amanda Totchek, is facing 83 charges connected with five suspicious package deliveries in late November, several deliveries in March and April, and more than half a dozen bomb threats over the last few months. She's also charged with criminal harassment, public mischief and providing false information related to an incident in October in which she's accused of sending videos depicting herself being bound, assaulted and threatened in order to mislead a police officer, according to court documents.
The 32-year-old has pleaded not guilty to all charges, and none of the allegations against her have been proven in court.
--- Watch the full story tonight on CTV News Saskatoon.
We're putting the word out that everyone should follow Apple's guidance and uninstall QuickTime for Windows as soon as possible.
This is for two reasons.
First, Apple is deprecating QuickTime for Microsoft Windows. They will no longer be issuing security updates for the product on the Windows Platform and recommend users uninstall it. Note that this does not apply to QuickTime on Mac OSX.
Second, our Zero Day Initiative has just released two advisories ZDI-16-241 and ZDI-16-242 detailing two new, critical vulnerabilities affecting QuickTime for Windows. These advisories are being released in accordance with the Zero Day Initiative's Disclosure Policy for when a vendor does not issue a security patch for a disclosed vulnerability. And because Apple is no longer providing security updates for QuickTime on Windows, these vulnerabilities are never going to be patched.
We're not aware of any active attacks against these vulnerabilities currently. But the only way to protect your Windows systems from potential attacks against these or other vulnerabilities in Apple QuickTime now is to uninstall it. In this regard, QuickTime for Windows now joins Microsoft Windows XP and Oracle Java 6 as software that is no longer being updated to fix vulnerabilities and subject to ever increasing risk as more and more unpatched vulnerabilities are found affecting it.
You can find information on how to uninstall Apple QuickTime for Windows from the Apple website here: https://support.apple.com/HT205771
Our TippingPoint customers have been protected against these two vulnerabilities since November 24, 2015 with filters 21918 (ZDI-CAN-3401) and 21919 (ZDI-CAN-3402). Our Deep Security and Vulnerability Protection customers are protected against these two vulnerabilities with the release of DSRU ID: 16-010 which includes the rules 1007594-Apple QuickTime ‘moov' Atom Heap Corruption Remote Code Execution Vulnerability and 1007595-Apple QuickTime Atom Processing Heap Corruption Remote Code Execution Vulnerability.
However, even with protections, ultimately the right answer is to follow Apple's guidance and uninstall QuickTime for Windows. That is the only sure way to be protected against all current and future vulnerabilities in the product now that Apple is no longer providing security updates for it.
For those that want more technical details here are the important points: both of these are heap corruption remote code execution vulnerabilities. One vulnerability occurs an attacker can write data outside of an allocated heap buffer. The other vulnerability occurs in the stco atom where by providing an invalid index, an attacker can write data outside of an allocated heap buffer. Both vulnerabilities would require a user to visit a malicious web page or open a malicious file to exploit them. And both vulnerabilities would execute code in the security context the QuickTime player, which in most cases would be that of the logged on user.
Both vulnerabilities have a CVSS 2.0 score of 6.8. For more details, please see:
For additional information, please see this advisory from US-CERT: https://www.us-cert.gov/ncas/alerts/TA16-105A
Please add your thoughts in the comments below or follow me on Twitter; @ChristopherBudd.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption There have been scenes of anger outside the Seoul court
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has become the country's first democratically elected leader to be forced from office.
Judges unanimously upheld parliament's decision to impeach Ms Park over her role in a corruption scandal involving her close friend, Choi Soon-sil.
She now loses her presidential immunity and could face criminal charges.
There have been angry scenes outside the court. Police said two protesters had died.
The court ruling is the culmination of months of political turmoil and public protest. An election must now be held within 60 days.
Ms Park's office said she would not be leaving the Blue House, South Korea's presidential palace, on Friday nor making any statement.
Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn has called for calm, saying the government should remain stable to prevent internal conflict from spreading.
Why did Park lose her job?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Ms Park has also lost her presidential immunity and can be prosecuted
At the heart of the drama lies the close friendship between the president and Ms Choi.
Ms Choi is accused of using her presidential connections to pressure companies to give millions of dollars in donations to non-profit foundations she controlled.
Ms Park is alleged to have been personally involved in this, and to have given Ms Choi unacceptable levels of access to official documents.
Parliament voted to impeach Ms Park in December and the Constitutional Court has since been deciding whether to uphold or overturn this.
On Friday, a panel of eight judges ruled Ms Park's actions "seriously impaired the spirit of... democracy and the rule of law".
The court said she had broken the law by allowing Ms Choi to meddle in state affairs, and had breached guidelines on official secrets by leaking numerous documents.
Ms Park had "concealed completely Choi's meddling in state affairs and denied it whenever suspicions over the act emerged and even criticised those who raised the suspicions," it said.
But the judges dismissed some charges, including accusations Ms Park had infringed on freedom of the press by creating a media blacklist of cultural figures, and criticism of her response during the 2014 Sewol ferry disaster.
Read more:
What happens now?
Ms Park was already suspended from presidential duties, with the prime minister taking over her responsibilities.
But she must now leave office - and her official residence - and a presidential election will be held within the next 60 days.
She has also lost her presidential immunity so could now face criminal charges over allegations she colluded with Ms Choi.
What has been the reaction?
Image copyright EPA Image caption Park supporters turned on police vans outside the court
As the various twists and turns of the scandal came to light public fury across South Korea intensified, with many staging demonstrations calling for her to step down.
The final decision is being celebrated by many, but as the verdict came through angry scenes erupted outside court. Pro-Park protesters - mostly older conservatives - turned on police. Two people believed to be pro-Park died.
South Korea's Yon hap news agency reported that one was killed when a loudspeaker fell on them, while an elderly man fell from a police van.
What does it mean to South Korea?
Besides a possible criminal trial for Ms Park, there is also the ongoing prosecution of Ms Choi.
The de-facto head of Samsung, Lee Jae-yong, is also on trial for a string of corruption charges linked to the scandal.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Ms Choi (centre) has been accused of bribery and corruption
Analysts say the protests in recent months have sent a strong signal that the close relationship between politicians and the chaebols - large family businesses that dominate the economy - needs to change.
A new election could change the political landscape of South Korea. But society remains deeply divided.
At the scene - Stephen Evans, BBC News, Seoul
The moment the judgement was announced, there was cheering in the streets. But there is also pro-Park feeling.
The country is split and nobody quite knows what will happen. One argument is that if a court can remove a president, democracy is not weak.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Distraught supporters of Ms Park wept outside the constitutional court in Seoul after the verdict was announced
The outcome is uncertain, but polls indicate a leftward shift. If the government does move to the left, that has consequences for the relationship with North Korea and the United States.
A leftish government might well re-open the industrial complex just inside North Korea, but with South Korean firms and managers. It might also seek more contact with North Korea, running counter to recent US-South Korean policy.
There is also a personal tragedy here. Ms Park is the daughter of Park Chung-hee, the general who seized power in 1961 and who set the country on a route towards industrialisation. He was assassinated, as was her mother.
She has lived an isolated life ever since, even as president. She has relied on her best friend for 40 years - Choi Soon-sil.
The friendship has cost her the presidency and an honourable place in history. It may now put her behind bars.
I don't envy anyone raising a teen in today's economy, especially considering I was one of them a mere 5 years ago. Teenagers can be pushy, moody and downright annoying.I'm part of the "Gimme" generation, full of teenagers and young adults who just expect to have designer clothes or expensive electronics. Parents are fulfilling these monetary whims as soon as they hear the word "Gimme" uttered. In my opinion parents need a reality check, and they need to pass it down to their kids.I had the privilege of growing up in a very wealthy community. It was the type of place where the high school students had nicer cars than the faculty -- even though the faculty made on average $70,000 per year.I also had the privilege of growing up with a mother who hardly ever shopped retail if something wasn't on sale. I always dressed in labels but they were from TJX ), Marshalls and Loehmans. To her, it wasn't necessarily about saving money (she had plenty of it), it was about not wasting it. These lessons were taught to me at a very young age and I'm thankful for them now.When I was 12, Juicy Couture had just come out and it was all the rage. I remember going to M ) with my mother and casually passing by the rack of the solid color Juicy shirts; price tag $25. Back then $25 for a plain cotton T-Shirt was unheard of.My mother took one look at the shirts, then at me, and made it clear that it wasn't going to happen. She explained that there was no difference in that cotton shirt and another one we could find for half the price. She literally made me compare my own cotton shirt's label to that of Juicy's.Although I was slightly mortified, I got the point. I didn't need to wear Juicy to "fit in". I fit in because I had the confidence to not go along with the crowd and create my own sense of style. She also explained to me that sometimes it makes sense to pay a little bit more when you're shopping for quality. For example, buying a winter coat that keeps you warm and not just for one season.My mother knew how to budget to make room for some other luxuries of life that we could all appreciate. She decided that the foundations of our family should be based on education and family time.We went to the theater regularly, participated in after-school activities, attended summer camp and took several vacations throughout the school year. Looking back, these luxuries are the ones I appreciate the most. I was able to get an education, learn life skills, travel the world and create memories. I highly doubt having the latest electronic gadget can extract the same meaning.The most important advice I can give parents today is that kids learn by example and education. If your household is experiencing a budget reversal, explain that to your children. You cannot expect them to accept drastic household changes without cluing them in on the situation. After all, it's a teenager's nature to rebel!Think of your family as a team. You all need to work together and decide what is really important to each of you and decide the best way to customize your budget to provide for that.
Alabama leaders from Gov. Kay Ivey and U.S. Sen. Richard Shelby down to the Huntsville City Council gathered Monday to cheer the news that Jeff Bezos' rocket company Blue Origin will build a rocket engine plant in Huntsville.
Hundreds of jobs, hundreds of millions of dollars in investment. That's what the crowd heard. But what's happening between Amazon founder Bezos and Alabama right now is more complicated than it appeared to the casual attendee.
"Blue Origin will build a 400,000-square-foot facility on 40 acres in Cummings Research Park," Gov. Ivey said. "Blue Origin will be investing $200 million to produce the BE-4 rocket engine which will supply the New Glenn orbital launch vehicle and hopefully (be) selected (for) the United Launch Alliance Vulcan rocket."
Blue Origin President Rob Meyerson followed Ivey to the podium to announce "the selection of Huntsville, Ala., as the location of Blue Origin's BE-4 rocket engine production factory."
But Meyerson also added a caveat.
"After signing a BE-4 production contract with United Launch Alliance, Blue Origin will build a state of the art, high-tech manufacturing facility at the Cummings Research Park here in Huntsville, Ala.," Meyerson said. He added, "Construction can begin following the signing of such a contract expected to be later this year."
Lucia Cape, senior vice president of the Huntsville-Madison County Chamber of Commerce, confirmed the link Monday afternoon. Blue Origin needs the new engine for its own New Glenn rocket, but the Alabama plant depends on Blue Origin getting the ULA engine contract.
"Yes, the groundbreaking will follow a production contract with ULA, after down-select of the engine is made," Cape said. "There is not a set time for this decision."
Not the only one
But Blue Origin isn't the only competitor wanting to power ULA. Aerojet Rocketdyne also announced a new Huntsville rocket plant this year to consolidate some of its operations and to build its own entry in the ULA engine competition. Its engine is the AR-1.
Contacted Monday, ULA spokeswoman Jessica Rye said, "This is an on-going procurement and down-selection and we are not commenting at this time."
So, why a big public announcement for a plant Blue Origin won't build unless it wins a ULA contract it hasn't won? Why was a detailed package of state incentives totaling nearly $50 million released, along with details of Huntsville's own $6 million in incentives? There was even a movie welcoming Blue Origin as an heir to Wernher von Braun.
BLUE ORIGIN | Welcome to Rocket City, USA from Red Brick Strategies on Vimeo.
Huntsville officials said Tuesday that the announcement clarified for other cities competing for the Blue Origin plant that Bezos had decided. Huntsville had won.
"We won an extensive nationwide competition with Blue Origin, a highly sought after company with a great reputation in the aerospace industry, which happens to be owned by Jeff Bezos, who also owns Amazon and the Washington Post," Mayor Tommy Battle said Tuesday. "We are the chosen city. Now everyone knows, if it happens - it happens here."
As for the video, the city says it was produced by the chamber of commerce to help lure Blue Origin to the city, not to celebrate its arrival.
Also noted was the presence at the press conference of Shelby. The senator has helped ULA before, and his visible sign of support could be significant.
ULA uses an older engine called the RD-180 now to lift satellites, including important military assets, into orbit on its Atlas V rocket. That engine is built by a partnership of an American and Russian company, and Shelby has helped ULA fight off repeated attempts by some in Congress to ban the RD-180 as tensions have mounted with Russia. In that fight, ULA has needed and counted on Shelby, and Shelby has come through.
If ULA loses its Russian engine before it gets a substitute for its new rocket called the Vulcan, it stands to lose U.S. military satellite launches. That could seriously harm ULA's plant in Alabama and its 600 workers. As it stands, the substitute will be either the BE-4 or the AR-1.
What Shelby said
"I commend and respect Blue Origin for this announcement today, and they're on the right track," Shelby told the crowd Monday. "They're on the cutting edge of technology, tomorrow's propulsion, and I can think of no better place in the world than to build your business here and build that rocket here in Huntsville, Ala. We are about space, we are about business, and you're going do well here, and we're going to replace that Russian engine."
So, Blue Origin has put down a Huntsville bet, and Shelby seemed to publicly back it in Huntsville Monday. Aerojet Rocketdyne has also put down a Huntsville bet, but officials said Tuesday that ULA's plant is coming whether it gets the ULA deal or not.
Stay tuned to see what ULA does with two big aerospace suppliers and Alabama waiting for its decision.
Here are the details of the state's incentive package and the expected benefits of the plant, according to the Alabama Department of Commerce:
- Plant payroll: $633 million
- Cumulative net revenue to the state (net of incentives): $43 million
- Return on investment to state (net of incentives): 135 percent
- Alabama Industrial Development Training (AIDT) to employees valued by the state at $3 million.
- Tax credit based on the number of employees and their expected state income taxes as follows:
- Jobs Credit: Estimated value of $8,707,211 over 10 years
- Investment Credit: Estimated value of $30 million over 10 years.
- 20-year Property Tax Abatement: The state approved years 11-20, with an estimated value of $647,745.
- Reimbursement for eligible capital costs: $10 million
(Updated Tuesday at 1:45 p.m. CDT to update throughout)
By Tim King
Whatsupic -- Israeli Defence Forces (IDF) are accused of shooting a number of Palestinians in recent days. One man in Gaza was killed. Seven other Palestinians were shot and wounded, and the victims included a four-year old boy, according to reports.
Photo:Pal Today
Al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of the political group Hamas, reports that Israeli forces launched an aerial attack on sections of the Gaza Strip in recent days and also closed border crossings.
According to a statement from the IDF, "...two rockets were launched at Southern Israel from the Gaza Strip. The rockets hit open areas near the cities of Ashkelon (population ~123,478) and Netivot (population ~29,529). No injuries were reported. This is the second attack originating in Gaza in the past ten days."
Israel attacked three locations in the Gaza Strip that it described as "terror infrastructures" and confirmed that their weapons struck their targets.
“When the sirens sounded [last night] in Israel more than 140,000 Israeli lives were put in jeopardy,” said Lt. Col. Peter Lerner, IDF Spokesperson. “Israelis and Palestinians deserve to live normal lives, but instead Hamas chooses to use the Gaza Strip as a launching pad for rocket attacks. The IDF will act against the aggression, will act against those who wish to terrorize Israel and will act to protect Israelis in the line of indiscriminate rocket fire from Gaza.”
Along with the frequent use of the word "terrorist," the rockets fired from Gaza have dominated media attention in the west for years. News reports essentially cause readers to believe that Israeli people die frequently in these attacks, and that logic is used to justify an extraordinarily large number of military operations against the Palestinians. Israeli leaders, in this case, quote numbers of endangered Israeli lives at 140,000, but a review of history shows that the rockets fired from Gaza have had an extremely minimal impact.
While we try not to source information from Wikileaks, it is noteworthy that even that site relates the extremely small number of Israelis who have been killed in rocket attack. According to Wikileaks, "As of July 2014 the attacks have killed 50 people." In contrast, more than 50 members of the Simouni family in Gaza were killed during Operation Cast Lead. Mothers were struck with bullets while trying to save infants and ambulance drivers were shot and killed as they attempted to reach the injured victims. This was extensively documented by the late Vittorio Arigoni, who paid close particular attention to the plight of Gaza fishermen... a group constantly under attack by Israeli forces when trying to earn a living at sea. International law allows the Palestinian fishermen to fish several miles from their own shoreline, but IDF vessels frequently attack the fishing fleet when they venture more than three miles from their embattled coast.
Hamas reports that two fishermen have been shot in recent days, "Israeli forces continued to use force against Palestinian civilians participating in peaceful protests in the oPt and against fishers sailing within the allowed area. Moreover, they continued to open fire at farmers and agricultural lands in border areas along the Gaza Strip."
Another source that placed a more accurate perspective on this story, is the Washington Post, which is typically known for strong pro-Israeli bias.
The following information was published on 11 July 2014:
"These are not surprising figures. During 2012's Operation Pillar of Defense, 167 Palestinians were killed by the Israeli military, according to human rights group B'Tselem, who said that less than half of that number was believed to be taking part in hostilities. The same report said six Israelis had died: Four civilians and two members of the Israeli security forces. In the 2008-2009 Gaza War, the pattern was also evident. According to numbers released by the Israeli Defense Force, 1,166 Palestinians died during that conflict, 709 of which the IDF said were "Hamas terror operatives." Thirteen Israelis died, three of whom were non-combatants.
The Post writes that the death tolls in these sorts of conflicts are often imprecise and disputed: "When Israelis and Palestinians fight, Palestinians are far more likely to die than Israelis are. Why could that be?"
Hamas reports the following casualties occurring from 28 May – 03 June 2015
* In the Gaza Strip, a Palestinian medical source declared on 28 May 2015 Sa'id al-Nadi (55,) from Jabalia in the north of the Gaza Strip, died of wounds he sustained during the latest Israeli offensive on the Gaza Strip.
* On 01 June 2015, 2 Palestinian fishers were wounded when Israeli gunboats opened fire at Palestinian fishing boats sailing within 4 nautical miles off northern Gaza City. As a result, two fishers were wounded.
* On 03 June 2015, a Palestinian farmer was wounded when Israeli forces stationed along the border fence opened fire at a group of farmers, who were reaping wheat in the east of Khuza'a village, east of Khan Yunis in the south of the Gaza Strip.
* In the context of targeting fishers, in addition to the above mentioned attack on fishermen, Israeli navy forces opened fire thrice at fishermen sailing in the allowed area. They arrested 5 fishers, including a child, but released 4 of them later. Moreover, Israeli forces seized 2 fishing boats that were sailing off Deir al-Balah shore, in the central Gaza Strip.
* In the context of targeting border areas, in addition to the above mentioned attack on farmers, Israeli forces stationed along the border fence opened sporadic fire twice at border areas, south of the Gaza Strip, but neither casualties nor material damage were reported.
* In the West Bank, Israeli forces continued the use of excessive and systematic force against peaceful protests organized by Palestinian civilians and Israeli and international solidarity activists against the construction of the annexation wall and settlement activities in the West Bank. As a result, 4 protestors, including a child, were wounded.
As Western nations wrestle with their feelings about the Israel-Palestine conflict, one thing remains clear: the people doing the dying in this conflict are rarely from Israel.
Plans to grow Australia's first commercial crop of medical cannabis at Christmas Island have met resistance from some locals, who fear that islanders won't see the financial benefits and drugs may end up in the hands of local youths.
The cannabis proposal is the latest of a series of developments that have raised the ire of Christmas Island residents, who say the controversial detention centre damages efforts to grow the island's tourism industry and a reduction in the frequency of government-contracted planes means mail is frequently delayed.
Medical marijuana plan "needs to be approved by the community": Christmas Island shire president Gordon Thomson. Credit:Wolter Peeters
Australian firm AusCann announced last month it will plant trial medical cannabis crops on Christmas Island, 2600 kilometres northwest of Perth.
Subject to changes in federal law and the success of the pilot, the company intends to plant the first commercial crop for the domestic market in late 2016, and is confident of winning support from locals.
Tom Waits, looking like a grown-up Dead End Kid and spinning out stories of the sordid side of city life, is without equal as a chronicler of small-timers and the urban world they live in. No one can create a mood of the nightlife like Waits, as he did on Austin City Limits in 1978.
Veins of blues, jazz and folk run through the music of Waits, but it is his unique use of words that makes this 28-year-old California native stand apart from any other artist. First inspired by Beat generation writers like Jack Kerouac and Allen Ginsberg, Waits uses words and their sound like other musicians use an instrument — to create colors and moods as well as tell a story. He's been doing that since he decided, while working as a doorman at a small Los Angeles club, to begin performing.
“I listened to all kinds of music there,” Waits said. “From rock to jazz to folk to anything else that happened to walk in. One night I saw a local guy onstage playing his own material, and I knew that's what I wanted to do. I began writing down people's conversations as they sat around the bar. When I put them together, I found some music hiding in there.”
After appearing at audition nights at the Troubadour Club in Los Angeles, Waits met a sponsor who agreed to support the struggling performer while he honed his craft. Landing a recording contract in 1972, Waits went through a series of abortive starts, trying to make a name for himself in a business that seemed to have little use for his talents.
Following a second album release, Waits opened up his use of language and injected more defined musical edges into his songs. His singing also matured, and as he opened shows for headlining acts, Waits slowly became known as less an oddity and more an artist with a different approach to singing and songwriting.
His onstage performances now include a confident Waits strutting across the stage, backed by a four-piece jazz-inflected band, using a series of props to dramatize the characters and action of the songs. Waits once wholeheartedly agreed with the maxim, “Truth is stranger than fiction,” and with his ability to capture and detail the feel of America's underside, his songs go a long way in backing up that belief.
The following is a partner post from EurasiaNet.org. Republished with permission.
Social media in Kyrgyzstan is abuzz at the sudden appearance online of a soulful singing performance by President Almazbek Atamabayev, who has apparently elected to show off his more sensitive side.
The Russian-language song “In Spite of Fate” appeared on YouTube on July 2 and was accompanied by suitably downbeat snippets from Soviet-era Kyrgyz film “Provincial Romance.”
Atambayev does not himself appear in the clip, which had racked up around 75,000 views by July 4, but his voice is unmistakable.
Representatives from the Ordo production studio, which recorded the song, told local outlet Kloop.kg that the president is also the person playing the acoustic guitar.
“This is one of my first songs,” Atambayev drawls lugubriously in the intro, as if addressing a captive audience at an intimate acoustic set. “It is like a motto for me. This song helped me to beat a path through all the difficulties that befell me in life.”
The two-minute song that follows is a melancholy recollection about a lost lover. Referring to “memories like droplets of rain” and swimming to “the lighthouse of your sad eyes,” the song evokes a protagonist weighed down by tribulations and misfortune, rather than the businessman-turned-opposition politician who came to power on the back of a bloody revolution.
Other presidents in the region have turned out happier fare.
Think of Turkmen leader Gurbanguly Berdymukhamedov's “Forward Only Forward, My Dear Country Turkmenistan” — a blandly bubbly streak of ethno-disco trash as lacking in self-reflection and humility as Atambayev's tune is in cheer. And it is hard to see Atambayev embarrassing thousands of his browbeaten citizens, including all his top officials, into participating in a mass rendition of his song.
But while Atambayev, four-and-a-half years into a single, six-year term in office, is unlikely to erect a golden statue of himself anytime soon, this song does appear to have helped him out on the image-building front.
Just as when news broke last year that his youngest daughter, Aliya, had donated almost $3,000 raised from a painting exhibition to a Down Syndrome charity, social media users have been making favourable comparisons to the former ruling Bakiyev family, whose talents barely extended beyond stealing.
“Recently I have been discovering a new Atambayev,” wrote Facebook user Aitpasgul Aitpaeva on the wall of member of parliament Janar Akayev, who posted the music video.
“I like this other Atambayev more,” she concluded.
Preferring the singing Atambayev isn't difficult, however.
This is a notable softening of image from the thin-skinned, tantrum-throwing politician fond of engaging in unseemly diplomatic spats and haranguing female human rights activists in public.
While Atambayev may portray himself as a grief-stricken lover struggling against a tide of ill-luck, Kyrgyzstan might have been a much happier place now had he struggled a little harder and pushed through much-needed political reform in the graft-prone country.
Still, the leader who first grew rich in the early 1990s by setting up a printing house pumping out Russian translations of popular Western books and claims he wanted to be a writer as a child has now proven himself a man of words, if not of deeds.
And those not fond of his rueful debut hit should be aware that there may be more where it came from. At an end-of-year speech last year, the glum strummer, who turns 60 in September, revealed he plans to take up the piano in retirement.
I've been reading the official report into the latest Muslim rape gang atrocity – in Oxford, this time, city of dreaming spires and the kind of place you'd never imagine such appalling crimes possible over such a period of time and on such a scale.
Be warned: the details are not for the squeamish.
But I think it's important we're all fully aware exactly what happened so that we can direct our righteous rage in the appropriate direction. People have been getting away with murder here – and I don't mean the rapists: at least, finally, at long last, they're going down. I mean the authorities responsible who, at time of writing, look as if they're going to get off scot free.
Here, in bullet point form, are some excerpts from the testimony of the estimated 370 victims – all of them white girls, mostly from broken or abusive homes or in “care”, generally aged between about 12 and 15. The abusers were much older men from mainly Kashmiri-Pakistani backgrounds (though one of the convicted men was from Saudi Arabia, another from North Africa), who groomed the girls beforehand. That is they – or one of their younger associates – first showered these vulnerable, emotionally needy girls with affection that some of them had never had before; then they made them feel important and grown up by giving them gifts and alcohol and drugs; then, when the girls were hooked the trap-door suddenly shut and they found themselves being serially abused as sex slaves.
Oh, and the details below – according to the report – are the expurgated version. Apparently there's other stuff so horrible the report wouldn't print it.
They threatened to blow up my house with my Mum in it
I was expected to do things – if I didn't they said they would come to my house and burn me alive. I had a baby brother
They took us to a field where there were other men who had come to have sex with us. I tried not to do it. There were five of them
I took so many drugs – it was just a mish-mash
Now I feel I was raped – I didn't have any choice
I wouldn't ever have said no – they'd have beaten the shit out of me
It was always Asian men
I got deeper and deeper into this group
Sometimes I was driven into alleys and woods and men would have sex with me
I wouldn't have done this if I was sober. That's why the men gave us so much to drink
Both men had sex with me lots of times – oral and vaginal
I hate them… all they do is rape you… all they want is sex… it's happened to girls I know, not me before you ask, I not like that
When we were at the flats I knew I was there to have sex with whichever men were brought there.
He urinated on me
I was spit roasted [made to have sex simultaneously with two men]
I didn't want to go to the places to do what I did, but it was my job
I went to London on my own to have sex with men they arranged
The fear is still very real for me – though they are in jail I still check the cars
This was going on for 15 years, remember. So where, you might wonder, were the police?
Well the report makes lots of excuses for them. Apparently, they were a bit confused over what technically constituted underage sex – statutory rape as it would be called in the US; they felt ill-equipped as to how to respond when, say they found a middle aged Pakistani taxi driver in a car with condoms and a drunk girl looking no older than 14 (yeah: maybe it was just her boyfriend, right?); and they hadn't been taught properly about CSE (Child Sexual Exploitation), which is the formal term now given for this kind of crime.
But the really damning thing for me is the report's revelations that actually some police officers DID try to speak out, desperately and repeatedly, only to have their concerns squashed or ignored.
[Feel free to skip the extract below. I'll parse it for you afterwards anyway]
In the Police, there were some illustrations of more junior staff formally informing senior officers about their concerns. In 2006, the then Missing Persons Coordinator (a constable) wrote to the Detective Chief Inspector, copying in the Oxford and Oxfordshire Commanders, about a lack of inquiry into where two girls were or giving them due priority. The Police said this led to better multi-agency planning and a Police visit to Lancashire where there was more experience of sexual exploitation. In 2010, a sergeant wrote to the CAIU Detective Inspector in charge of Missing Persons describing many of the features now known as CSE, and this was fed into subsequent meetings of the Missing Persons Panel. There is also an example where a City Crime and Neighbourhood Nuisance Officer was hugely concerned about a particular child and escalated to senior staff in other agencies, but not within his own. His Chief Executive was unaware of it until this SCR, despite the work being subject to a director-level complaint from the County Council. The Nuisance Officer was a former Detective Sergeant and acting Detective Inspector with experience in child protection sections of the Police. In 2007-8, he repeatedly raised concerns with senior CSC and Police staff (including the then Director of Children's Services, but not above his own City team leader) about a particular family and child (one of A-F who was at times looked after), describing her behaviour and associates which today would lead to a speedy recognition that something bigger might be happening, but which at the time led to rather harsh disregard and criticism. For example, in February 2007, he reported “men going into the flat every night and leaving in the early hours of morning” and seeing the 13-year-old lying under a cover with an adult male (which led to a Police Protection Order). He also sought a child protection case conference after a rape allegation but this was turned down. He and a colleague told the OSCB City subgroup about the risks to children from massage parlours and reminded the meeting that his team was continuing to pass to the Police information about 14 and 15 year olds being seen in cars with older men. This episode is one that agencies must learn from. The Nuisance Officer concerned was helping manage a situation with a very difficult challenging family where the behaviour of adults was the prime focus, but where the behaviour of one child in this review was also a serious issue. The officer gathered very significant information about the girl, her association with much older adults, and her general access to risky situations – having argued in 2007 against her coming off the Child Protection Register, as she was going missing so often.17 He resorted to sending emails to many senior Police and CSC staff such was his concern (which seem from what is known about the child and exploitation quite justified). The SCR has seen correspondence with Police and Social Services about the girl with adult males late at night in January, February, March, June 2007 and February March and May 2008 (when she was 13 or 14 and was under Council supervision or formally in Care) Whilst Police responses were calm and aimed at reassuring him (and implicitly supported the officer's intentions, once encouraging him to continue his communications with the County Council), responses from a CSC senior manager were, in the author's opinion, rather hostile and demeaning. The Nuisance Officer's emails included phrases like “can we all live with risk that this young girl is exposed to in view of the intelligence we have of her association with Males”. He referred to both ‘Asian' and ‘black' males on several occasions. The child was subject to a Care Order and the risks being described were at times when resident in Council care. One CSC response to concerns about sexual association with adults said: “The innuendo relating to her alleged associates I find a little presumptive and unsavoury, and does not in my view indicate a significant prima facie risk of harm…” Another email said that “the evidence beyond innuendo remains thin”. (By this point there were numerous reports collated by the Nuisance Officer of association by the then 14-year-old, late at night, with adult men.) The writer of those messages accepts that their tone was wrong, but at the time believed the course of action the Police and CSC were taking to focus on reducing missing episodes was right.
It's hard, I would concede, to penetrate all the jargon here. But that in itself I think is indicative of how and why this so-called CSE – organised gang rape, as I prefer to call it – has been able to proliferate in so many towns all over Britain for so long. Note the bureaucracy; the compartmentalisation; the obsession with job designations and accepted practice. This is not a world where people feel any obligation to do the right thing, merely to tick all the right boxes. You get the impression that almost nobody was interested in organised child gang rape until it was given an official label. Or, to put it another way, it seems never to have occurred to many of those in the police or at Oxford council that 11-year old girls being drugged and serially raped and prostituted by gangs of middle-aged Muslim was an issue of concern until they were formally told it was an issue of concern.
Another thing that bone-dry (and ever-so-slightly-exculpatory: it was, after all, written by a social worker) prose fails to capture is what must have been the intense frustration of those few police officers who tried, at almost every possible level, to blow the whistle on what was happening – and still to no avail.
What this indicates is that lots of people in the police knew what was going on – yet still chose to do nothing about it.
Which does rather invite the question: how the hell is the woman who was in charge of the local police – Thames Valley Police – during this period getting out of this not with a reprimand but promotion?
In 2000, Sara Thornton was appointed assistant chief constable at Thames Valley. In 2007, she was promoted to Chief Constable and awarded a CBE. (Now she is off for an even more senior job as chairman of the National Police Chiefs Council. Apparently she is a favourite of Prime Minister David Cameron's)
So there is no question that a lot of these inexcusable crimes happened on her watch. If she wasn't privy to all the rumours buzzing around, then that suggests a culpable communication problem within her police force. And if she was privy to them, then why the hell didn't she do more to stop these revolting child-abusers get away with – and flagrantly too?
As with the chief executives of those too-big-too-fail banks the impression given is that the reward for failure at senior levels of the police is to be given a pat on the back and either promoted – or awarded a nice, fat pay off and a gong. What kind of message does that send out to the Chief Constables of the future? Where is the disincentive for incompetence?
This rule seems to apply even more so to council chief executives. Joanna Simons, chief executive of Oxfordshire County Council, has been offered a £600,000 pay off.
Why? For failing so patently to do the job she was supposed to do?
What's clear from that report – try though it does to take a generous view of the council's appalling behaviour – is that Simons presided over a culture of incompetence, political correctness and responsibility-dodging which made those child rapes possible.
Just look at the last par of that excerpt from the report, quoted above. A senior person on the council, Andy Couldrick, who was responsible for Children's Services, is revealed to have prevented any action being taken to deal with the problem through a mixture of inertia and political correctness.
See how, when an ex-detective whistleblower on the council tried alerting him to the problem, Couldrick's main concern was not that under-aged girls were being sexually abused but that the whistleblower had brought up the awkward issue of the perpetrators being “black” and “Asian” – something which he found to be “presumptive and unsavoury”.
And so, thanks at least in part to Couldrick's squeamishness about inappropriate language, dozens more underage girls went on to be drugged, terrorised and raped.
Will Couldrick and his similarly PC colleagues be able to live with their consciences now they know of all terrible crimes they made possible? My fear is that a lot of them will be able to all too easily – for such is their mindset they will know no better.
Nationally ranked and riding a 10-game winning streak, Kansas University's softball team picked a poor time to put out what coach Megan Smith described as the Jayhawks' worst effort of the season.
Texas rolled, 6-0, in KU's Big 12 opener Friday night at the new Arrocha Ballpark, at Rock Chalk Park, where the No. 22 Jayhawks never really looked like themselves.
The top of the first inning lasted nearly 20 minutes for Kansas (29-3) and senior pitcher Alicia Pille. She walked two batters and surrendered a fielder's choice before UT's Erin Shireman smashed a three-run homer into the parking lot behind the left-field wall. Marlee Gabaldon drove in a fourth Texas run with a single to left, following a throwing error by KU shortstop Chaley Brickey.
Photo Gallery KU softball vs. Texas
“The Big 12's tough, but we didn't show up today. Bottom line,” Smith said. “I was really disappointed with our lack of effort and lack of grit.”
Pille (18-1), who suffered her first loss of the season, left after the second inning, when the Longhorns' Lindsey Stephens plated a fifth Texas run on a sacrifice fly to deep right field.
Smith had no concerns about her ace's health.
“She just gave away a couple bases and threw a fat pitch, and that's what happens at this level,” the KU coach said.
Kansas at least salvaged something positive out of an otherwise forgettable night: Sophomore pitcher Sophia Templin replaced Pille and set career highs with five innings pitched and eight strikeouts — blowing away her previous marks of 32⁄3 IP and two strikeouts.
Smith called the De Soto product fearless against Texas (21-9).
“I think the rest of our team was fearful the entire game for some reason,” Smith said. “But (Templin)? No way. (She) was confident and went right at 'em. I'm really proud of her effort.”
The right-handed reliever said every appearance she has made in her KU career prepared her for the stressful situation. She just wished the Jayhawks had all better channeled their energy.
“I think we were really excited,” Templin said after KU was shut out for the second time this season. “We were ready to play, but possibly overplaying. We were just ready to go.”
Game 2 of the series begins at 2 this afternoon.
Texas 410 001 0 — 6 8 1
Kansas 000 000 0 — 0 4 1
W — Erica Wright, 9-4. L — Alicia Pille, 18-1.
2B — Stephanie Wong (2), Texas. HR — Erin Shireman, Texas.
KU highlights — Sophia Templin, 5.0 IP, 8 Ks, 4 Hs, 1 BB, 1 ER.
KRG Representative to Poland meets with the Marshal of Mazowieckie Voivodeship
Erbil, Kurdistan Region, Iraq (dfr.gov.krd) – Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) Representative in Poland, Ziyad Raoof met with Adam Struzik, Marshal of the Mazowieckie Voivodeship, which is the biggest among 16 Polish voivodeships and its capital Warsaw is also the capital of Poland on ( 11th February 2019) DFR Minister receives the Spanish Ambassador to Iraq to discuss recent political developments and issues of common interest
Erbil, Kurdistan Region, Iraq (dfr.gov.krd) – Head of the KRG Department of Foreign Relations, Minister Falah Mustafa met with the Ambassador of Spain to Iraq, Juan José Escobar Stemmann and his accompanying delegation on 9 February 2019. UNHCR organizes workshop on “enhancing the protection space for refugees and asylum seekers in the Kurdistan Region”
Erbil, Kurdistan Region, Iraq (dfr.gov.krd) – United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) to Iraq in collaboration with the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) Department of Foreign Relations (DFR) concluded a one workshop on “enhancing the protection space for refugees and asylum seekers in the Kurdistan Region” on Thursday, February 7, 2019.
Head of Foreign Relations begins week-long visit to Washington
Washington, DC, USA (us.gov.krd) - Head of the Kurdistan Regional Government's (KRG) Department of Foreign Relations, Minister Falah Mustafa, is in Washington this week to meet with senior US government officials and members of Congress to update them on a variety of issues of interest related to Kurdistan, Iraq and the United States.
DFR Minister and Dutch Consul General outlines developments in the Kurdistan Region and beyond
Erbil, Kurdistan Region, Iraq (dfr.gov.krd) – Head of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) Department of Foreign Relations (DFR), Minister Falah Mustafa and the Assistant Head, Siham Maman received Consul General of the Kingdom of the Netherlands to the Kurdistan Region, Willem Nicolaas Cosijn and his accompanying delegation and discussed current political developments in the Kurdistan Region and ways to improve of their ties on 21nd February, 2019.
DFR Minister receives French delegation and discussed a range of matters of common concern
Erbil, Kurdistan Region, Iraq (dfr.gov.krd) – Head of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) Department of Foreign Relations (DFR), Minister Falah Mustafa received French Ambassador to Iraq Bruno Aubert and his accompanying delegation composed of government advisors and representatives of non-governmental organizations on 20th February 2019.
Agriculture and Food Conference held between the Kurdistan Region and the Netherlands
Erbil, Kurdistan Region, Iraq (dfr.gov.krd) – Head of the Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) Department of Foreign Relations (DFR), Minister Falah Mustafa participated in conference discussions of cooperation between the Kurdistan Region and Netherlands on the agriculture, food security and investment sectors under the theme “farm to the plate” which organized by Consulate General of the Kingdom of the Netherlands in the Region and under the patronage of the Netherlands Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
One week after Apple announced it was booting Google Maps from iOS and photographing the world with its own aerial fleet, a top US Senator has written to both companies expressing concern over their "military-grade spy planes."
"Barbequing or sunbathing in your backyard shouldn't be a public event," said Senator Charles Schumer (D-NY) in a statement on Monday. "People should be free from the worry of some high-tech peeping Tom technology violating one's privacy when in your own home."
Schumer noted that although Google Maps and Google Earth have used satellite imagery in the past, "reports have suggested" that both Google and Apple have upgraded their capabilities to aircraft-based photography that can see through windows and capture detailed images with four-inch resolution.
Although Schumer specifically mentioned sunbathing – and we never even knew he was a Reg reader – his remarks suggest that his main concern isn't high-flying voyeurism, but rather intelligence that could aid terroists and other miscreants.
"Detailed photographs could also provide criminals and terrorists with detailed views of sensitive utilities," he wrote to Apple CEO Tim Cook and Google CEO Larry Page, noting that although there are online sources which currently show such potential targets as power lines, substations, and reservoirs, those images are in low resolution.
"However," Schumer surmised, "if highly detailed images become available, criminals could create more complete schematic maps of the power and water grids in the United States. With the vast amount of infrastructure across the country, it would be impossible to secure every location."
Accordingly, Schumer has asked Apple and Google to "put protocols in place" to work with law enforcement and local governments to ensure that "sensitive infrastructure details" are blurred in images shared with the public – although exactly who would develop those protocols and who would define what's sensitive, Schumer leaves up to the parties involved.
As far as protections against having your barbecue or sunbathing session being violated by aerial snoops, Schumer has three additional suggestions: first, Apple and Google should inform communities when they are to be surveiled; second, they should give property owners the right to opt out of the aerial intrusion; and third, they should blur out images of individuals.
The first would give homegrown-ganja fans time to bring potted Mary Jane in from their patios, the second would stop building inspectors from discovering an illegal backyard shed, and the third would shield the aforementioned sunbather from further aerial embarassment.
As Schumer notes, "Google plans to have three-dimensional maps of areas covering the residences of over 300 million people by the end of this year," so his suggestions are timely – well, overdue, actually. However, from Apple and Google's point of view, they are also time-consuming, expensive, and just generally a pain in the posterior.
Schumer's suggestions are merely that: suggestions with no force of law. It will be interesting to see how this all plays out – but The Reg suggests that until further notice, you might do well to close your drapes and keep your eyes on the skies. ®
Story highlights Pentagon says the attack "bears all the hallmarks" of the Haqqani network
The U.S. Embassy condemns the attack and praises Afghan forces
Militants kill 15 civilians, a police officer and three security guards, police chief says
It's the latest in a string of high-profile strikes this week
Taliban militants attacked a hotel near Kabul on Friday and seized dozens of hostages, sparking a fierce gunbattle with Afghan and NATO troops that left 26 people dead, authorities said.
The standoff, which lasted 11 hours, ended with the deaths of all seven militants, police said. The militants killed 15 civilians, a police officer and three security guards, Kabul police Chief Mohammad Ayoub Salangi said.
By the end of the siege, police had rescued all the remaining 50 civilians held hostage in the hotel, according to Salangi.
Earlier, he had said there were five militants, but he revised the number as more details emerged.
Police said they found burqas in the vehicle the attackers used to bring in explosives to the hotel, an indication that some were dressed as women. A burqa is an outer garment worn by Muslim women to cover their bodies.
Terrified civilians fled when the gunmen struck the Spozhmai hotel about midnight Thursday, with some jumping into a nearby lake to avoid the bloodshed. The hotel was hosting an outdoor dinner that drew a large number of guests when the attack occurred.
JUST WATCHED Afghan hotel siege ends Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Afghan hotel siege ends 02:21
Afghan forces had moved slowly overnight to avoid civilian casualties.
JUST WATCHED Top U.S. general's plan for Afghanistan Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Top U.S. general's plan for Afghanistan 01:22
JUST WATCHED Taliban take forceful control of schools Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Taliban take forceful control of schools 03:08
JUST WATCHED Is Afghanistan war a U.S. failure? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Is Afghanistan war a U.S. failure? 02:20
"We did not take any action in the dark because of the risk to civilians," Salangi said.
NATO's International Security Assistance Force said there was no immediate indication of coalition casualties.
In a written statement, the U.S. Embassy in Kabul praised the professionalism of Afghan forces and condemned the attack as "the latest in the insurgents' murderous campaign against innocent Afghan civilians, especially women and children."
Pentagon spokesman George Little said the strike "bears all the hallmarks" of the Haqqani network. The network, a movement with close ties to the Taliban and based in neighboring Pakistan, is one of the militant groups fueling the insurgency in Afghanistan.
"The Haqqani network, which has the backing of elements within the Pakistani security establishment, is one of Afghanistan's most experienced and sophisticated insurgent organizations," the Institute for the Study of War said. "Although the Haqqani network is officially subsumed under the larger Taliban umbrella organization led by Mullah Omar and his Quetta Shura Taliban, the Haqqanis maintain distinct command and control, and lines of operations."
The attack follows recent strikes aimed at coalition troops and Afghan security forces. Bombings in two eastern provinces Wednesday killed at least 29 people, including three American soldiers.
It also comes nearly a year after an insurgent attack on Kabul's Hotel Inter-Continental killed nine attackers and 12 others.
Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said the hotel attack targeted Westerners.
Attackers are armed with suicide vests, rocket-propelled grenades and heavy machine guns, he said in an e-mail while the siege was under way.
"Every night people come here for different types of debauchery, but on Thursday night, the number increases, including foreigners who come here and they hold anti-Islamic ceremonies," Mujahid said. "Tonight, according to our information, a number of ISAF and embassy diplomats from foreign countries have been invited by some senior Kabul administration officials and are now under attack."
He said the Taliban fought government forces outside the hotel and had killed tens of government officials and foreigners, but the insurgents regularly inflate casualty figures.
The Taliban, an Islamic fundamentalist militia, once ruled most of the country.
These vegan and gluten-free crispy quinoa-cauliflower cakes with herbed brazil nut cream are the perfect light lunch or appetizer. They're served with a dollop of herbed brazil nut cream that takes the flavors to soaring new heights.
Golden.
Baked.
Crunchy on the outside.
Light and fluffy on the inside.
Slather-worthy.
To make the cakes, you'll combine cooked quinoa, grated cauliflower, oat flour, a chia egg, chives, lime juice, olive oil, sesame oil, garlic, and chili flakes. You'll scoop the mixture by the quarter cup, form into patties, place on a pan, and bake for 30 to 40 minutes. The cakes come out of the oven crispy and golden on the outside and light and tender on the inside.
While the cakes are baking, you'll make the herbed brazil nut cream by adding soaked brazil nuts, water, chives, cilantro, garlic, lime juice, apple cider vinegar, and sea salt to a blender. The mixture takes a bit of scraping and several minutes to come together, but the result is a creamy, zesty, and tangy sauce that draws out the flavors in the quinoa-cauliflower cakes. Plus, brazil nuts are one of the few alkaline nuts, and they're packed with vitamin E, selenium, and thiamin.
I like to serve the cakes with a pretty smear of the herbed brazil nut cream and a lime wedge to spritz over top just before eating. They can also be served over a bed of greens or even on mini buns with the sauce spooned on top to make the perfect sliders.
CHICAGO — A Chicago man has been charged with killing a 6-month-old girl whose death earlier this year brought attention to gang violence on the city's South Side, prosecutors announced Monday.
Koman Willis, 34, is accused of killing the baby, who was shot on March 11 while sitting in her father's lap in a minivan. Police say the baby's father, Jonathan Watkins, was the intended target of the attack.
Willis is charged with first-degree murder and aggravated battery with a firearm, said Sally Daly, a spokeswoman for the Cook County State's Attorney's Office. A bond hearing is scheduled for Tuesday.
Watkins, who has a lengthy criminal record, was seriously wounded in the shooting.
Chicago police devoted large numbers of resources to finding a suspect in the shooting, which happened in the middle of the day in the city's Woodlawn neighborhood.
In March, police Superintendent Garry McCarthy had said Watkins was cooperating with the investigation but that there was “a lot more” help he could provide.
At the girl's funeral, several people lamented the “code of silence” that keeps some residents from reporting crimes, cooperating with authorities or even fingering members of rival gangs who have targeted them.
Religious leaders speaking at the funeral service implored those in attendance to transform gang-riven neighborhoods.
The shooting came just weeks after a 15-year-old honors student was gunned down on a South Side street in an apparent case of mistaken identity.
Your teams on the go or at home. Personalize SI with our new App. Install on iOS or Android.
The KHL's newest team finally has a logo it didn't swipe from somebody else.
Last month, a Reddit user noticed that Red Star Kunlun's dragon logo was nearly identical to the one used by the video game Guild Wars 2. The old logo basically took the dragon portion of the logo and put it over a red star.
The team released a new logo on Tuesday, one that at least doesn't appear to have been stolen from somewhere else.
Red Star Kunlun unveil their new logo, that will replace the old one! pic.twitter.com/LOIgT8XoA3 — Aivis Kalniņš (@A_Kalnins) July 26, 2016
Follow Follow Extra Mustard on Facebook
Not only is it more original than the first, it's just a better logo overall.
The KHL just has to be careful not to copy any other logos when it expands to London.
[via Reddit]
Mumbai: In another case of doctors assault, more than 500 people vandalized the Holy Cross Hospital at Kalyan and beat up 15 doctors including senior medical practitioners, after the demise of a 22 year old patient who suffered an MI (Myocardial Infarction).
It is reported that during the mob attack, not just doctors but staff, police and local persons were also injured. A mediaperson there reporting the incident was also brutally assaulted after the mob mistook him to be a doctor. The mob also broke the furniture and equipment at the hospital, as they progressed on their vandalizing spree.
The incident that led to the mob attack was the death of 22 year old patient Rohit Bhoir, who was admitted to the hospital in Kalyan following chest pain and was diagnosed with MI. Bhoir was on ventilator support when he died.
With the death of the patient, the doctors informed his family about his death where the attendants responded with allegations of that he died due to the negligence of doctors at the hospital, which later led to a heated argument. As the argument progressed, a mob of more than 500 people attacked the hospital and the doctors claiming that they killed the patient.
The mob created a total roadblock at Karnik road. Hospital structure/cash counter glass was broken and management staff was told to go out from the hospital, post which the entire three storey building was totally vandalized by the patient relatives.
As the mob began targeting the doctors at the hospital with acid bottles, it is reported that nearly 15 doctors took shelter by hiding in various corners of the hospital. They remained hostage in the hospital, nearly three long hours before police managed to release them from the rear entrance of the hospital.
Apart from doctors, seven people, including five hospital employees, a policeman, and a journalist, were injured in the violence. The body of the youth, who suffered multiple cardiac attacks, was later sent to Mumbai's JJ hospital for postmortem. The police have seized CCTV footage inside the hospital to identify the attackers. Dr Ganesh Pawar, a resident physician at the hospital, told TOI, “Some of the relatives forcibly squatted inside the ICU, enquiring about each patient. We gave them all information but after the youth died at 3.45pm, his relatives started assaulting the staff.”
The attack, that too in such a gruesome manner has literally shaken up the medical fraternity. The local IMA branches were immediately seen contacting the police, MLAs ans ministers demanding action. The doctors are demanding that the assaulters be booked under the Doctors' Protection Act that attracts an imprisonment of up to three years and a penalty of up to Rs 50,000. If no action on culprits, the total shutdown will be the resorted to fight against the cowardly attack on hospital and doctors, said the doctors.
Yaxue Cao, June 17, 2016
I was on a Voice of America Chinese Service show on Thursday and, with the host and another guest, we discussed rights movement leader Guo Feixiong's hunger strike, rumors about a young legal worker being violated in prison, and police-operated mental hospitals. A caller from Hubei Province by the surname Deng had this to say: “As a matter of fact, China is the biggest mental asylum in the world. A normal country would not have had the Great Leap Forward. A normal country would not have had the Cultural Revolution. A normal country would not have run over students with tanks. A normal country would not have prisoners of conscience and would not lock rights defenders in mental hospitals. The Communist Party are the worst lunatics.”
The host asked me for comment. I remarked: “Well said. No further comment.”
Over 800 days from his secret detention in August, 2013, to early this year when he was transferred the Yangchun Prison in Guangdong, Guo Feixiong (郭飞雄) was not allowed yard time, not a single time. This website has written extensively about such barbarism, calling it “slow killing” — except it's not that slow. When his sister, a doctor, publicized his deteriorating health condition and the prison's refusal to provide treatment, he was given a check-up. But officials from the Guangdong Provincial Prison Administrative Bureau used the occasion to humiliate him: they videotaped the forced rectal examination and threatened to post it online. They shaved his head and ordered him to squat “like a bug” in the presence of prison officers. To protest, he's been on hunger strike for nearly 40 days now, and his sister, after sitting three days outside the prison, was refused visitation. The reason given? “Every one of my visits with him led to enormous amounts of international and domestic public opinion and attention and focus [on his case].”
Zhao Wei (赵威) is a young woman in her 20s with a keener sense of social justice than most of her peers. While a journalism student in Jiangxi Normal University, she videotaped protesters in front of a courthouse and was then chased down by armed police who ordered her to delete all the recordings. When she was a senior, interning in Fuzhou, she witnessed the “Three Netizens in Fujian” trial and the ensuing protests in April, 2010. She befriended activists, and was subsequently summoned by police for “questioning.” Eventually she became an assistant to Li Heping (李和平), a prominent rights lawyer. She was among the scores of lawyers, law staffers, and activists arrested last July, known as the “709 crackdowns.” Almost a year into detention, none of them have had access to lawyers or families.
Recently there have been rumors that Zhao Wei was “sexually violated” in prison. More rumors followed, painting horrific scenarios. Her husband, her mother, lawyers and activists sought clarification from the authorities, but have been met with stone silence. Citizens have reasons to worry about Zhao Wei and, indeed, to believe the rumors, as the Chinese government have shown that it's something they are perfectly capable of and have intentionally done in case after case.
China is probably the only country in the world where the Ministry of Public Security operates a chain of at least 27 mental hospitals across the country known as the “Tranquil and Healthy Hospitals” (安康医院). Petitioners, Falun Gong practitioners, and sometimes political prisoners, have been thrown in mental hospitals. Recently, a news item from 2010 went viral on social media with the headline “The Ministry of Public Security: Mental Hospitals May Not Treat Non-mentally Ill Patients Without Permission from Police.” Netizens quickly parsed its understatement:
With permission from the police, mental hospitals may admit normal people;
Mental hospitals have done so before without police permission;
Mental hospitals have done so before with police permission;
Police, not medical professionals, decide whether one should be sent to a mental hospital.
My co-guest Zhao Yan (赵岩), whose resume includes a stint as researcher at The New York Times' Beijing bureau in the 2000s and who was imprisoned for three years, has been involved in rights-defense lawsuits against local governments in China. “Are you mentally ill, doing what you are doing?” A judge once asked him. Indeed, challenging the authorities can easily be considered a “mental illness.”
I don't mean to merely repeat what we said on the show. What prompted this post is the news that followed in the last 24 hours which proves just what a nuthouse China is:
The Beijing-based lawyer Xia Lin (夏霖), who is a co-partner of the Huayi Law Firm with Pu Zhiqiang (浦志强), was tried on June 17 for “fraud.” He has been held incommunicado for nearly two years. It was an “open” trial, but none of those who attempted to observe were admitted. It's unclear what “fraud” he has committed, but a glance over the list of his clients over the years may provide a clue: Cui Yingjie (崔英杰), a street vendor who killed a brutalizing chengguan in self-defense; Deng Yujiao (邓玉娇), a young woman who stabbed to death an official who demanded sex from her; artist Ai Weiwei's Fake tax case; Sichuan writers Ran Yunfei (冉云飞) and Tan Zuoren (谭作人); NGO leader Guo Yushan (郭玉闪). Xia Lin was tortured for confessions.
In Hong Kong, bookseller Mr. Lam Wing-kee described abduction, detention and forced confession by a “Central Special Case Team.” He was one of five to suffer the same fate. Mr. Lam had been sent back to fetch customers' data and was supposed to go back to custody in mainland China, but he defied them, and probably defied his own fear, too. “If I don't speak up… then there is no hope for Hong Kong.” There, in the quiet-mannered bookshop owner, is sanity and courage. That's hope.
“The fact that Lam Wing-kee held a press conference in Hong Kong as soon as he returned without being concerned about his safety proves that Hong Kong is free,” argued the Global Times, the People's Daily's tabloid specializing in doing the Party's dirty work. “Lam Wing-kee is a Chinese citizen,” said the Foreign Ministry's spokeswoman, “who broke the law in mainland China.”
Block it! Block anything Lam says! Block the Global Times article too! Soon the Propaganda Department issued directives, because, oops, Chinese readers were able to piece together from the article what happened to Mr. Lam.
Also today, two dissidents in Hangzhou, Lü Gengsong (吕耿松) and Chen Shuqing (陈树庆), were sentenced to 11 and 10.5 years respectively for writing a few essays and belonging to an opposition party called the “Chinese Democracy Party.” I have grown so numb with the unceasing flow of mad news that I had to pause to feel the shock vibrating in my mind — not just the cruelty of the punishment, but also the wantonness with which the punishment was delivered. It's madness.
Just when I thought this was enough for a bad day, lawyer Ge Yongxi (葛永喜) brought a message from lawyer Tang Jingling, who is serving a 5-year sentence for practicing some of Dr. Gene Sharp's non-violent resistance methods:
On the afternoon of June 16, 2016, I met with Mr. Tang Jingling in Guangzhou First Detention Center. Mr. Tang said that his cell had a new Uighur teenage prisoner named Ardu (阿尔都). He came from Kashar and his father is an elementary school teacher there. Ardu said that he was arrested the day after the Gaokao [China's national college entrance exams held this year on June 7 and 8] along with nine other Uighur teenagers — eight males and two females, who are all students at Guangzhou No. 75 High School. They are allegedly involved in terrorist activities (details unclear). Mr. Tang called attention to the case of the ten Uighur youngsters, and he hopes that they will receive fair trials.
Talk about fair trials…
Madness keeps rolling in. On the show yesterday, I pointed out that, when the Re-education Through Labor system was abolished two years ago, some, both inside and outside China, applauded it as progress towards the rule of law. I said at the time: “Don't be too happy too soon. They'll use prisons instead of labor camps; they'll use black jails; they'll use mental hospitals; they'll invent new methods. You'll soon be missing RTL!”
If you apply reason in dealing with the Chinese Communist Party, you'll always be proven wrong. This bit of wisdom, part knowledge and part gut instinct, has served me well.
Yaxue Cao edits this website. Follow her on Twitter @yaxuecao
Share this: Tweet
Print
Email
Telegram
WhatsApp
Like this: Like Loading...
In a just released podcast interview, Roberto Orci discussed the challenge he faces as a first time director for the next Star Trek movie, dropped some hints for the setting and about new aliens, talked about visiting the set of Star Wars to pick up tips from JJ Abrams, opined on Kirk sex scenes and a gay character and more. See below for highlights and to listen tot he podcast.
Orci Talks About 2016-Star Trek Movie
Geoff Boucher – formerly of the LA Times Hero Complex and Entertainment Weekly – has a great new podcast as part of the Nerdist Network – titled ‘Humans From Earth.' And Star Trek writer/producer (and soon to be director) Roberto Orci was a guest for the second episode which just went online. It is worth listening to the full interview, which runs about an hour.
TrekMovie has grabbed some of the key quotes from Bob about the upcoming 2016-Star Trek film…
Orci hints at new setting and new aliens
Much has been said about how both the 2009-Star Trek film and 2013's Star Trek Into Darkness were very Earth-centric. But for the next one, Orci promises that will change…
Orci: In [Into Darkness] they set out finally where the original series started. The first two films – especially the 2009 [Star Trek] – was an origin story. It was about them coming together. So they weren't the characters they were in the original series. They were growing into them and that continues on in the second movie. So in this movie they are closer than they are to the original series characters than you have ever seen. They have set off on their five-year mission. So their adventure is going to be in deep space.
And later in the podcast the subject of creature design came up, and in that discussion Orci hinted at new aliens for the next Star Trek…
Orci: We have discussed [the challenges of creature design]. The advantage we have is there is new technology available. Even though I am a fan and I know JJ is a fan of as many practical sets and creature design you can do, we can also augment it with the technology that exists today, CGI. So in a way we have freedom that is a little bit unexplored. I hope to do that in the next Star Trek.
And later he picked up on that point again when discussing aliens in Star Trek.
Orci: The Horta is actually the villain in the next one – no – they are in deep space now, so lets see what's out there.
And when a fan asserted that with the new Star Trek films “You have to go back to the Romulans or the Klingons” Orci countered “But wait, why do you have to go back to them?” He went on to say…
Orci: Because this is an alternative universe I think we can choose. I don't feel the pressure to revisit anyone or not. We are lucky that way, but we have the ability to cherry pick what has become before. It will depend on what serves the story best.
As for his favorite Star Trek aliens, Orci cited The Gorn, Tribbles, Romulans, and Vulcans.
Orci getting tips watching JJ direct Star Wars + talks Wars/Trek rivalry
The podcast was recorded a couple weeks ago shortly before Bob was to fly to the UK to visit the set where JJ Abrams is shooting Star Wars. He said that the trip was motivated to get some mentoring from his long time collaborator JJ Abrams.
Orci: That is why I am going [to visit with JJ Abrams the set of Star Wars Episode VII]. I am going to steal as much wisdom as I can. I am fortunate to have seen a lot of directors direct and I plan on picking all of their brains. Every one of them has a different style and different tricks. And they also have – one of them just sent me ‘Directing for Dummies [laughs]. So that is what you do. This is not a time to not ask for help and not get the cumulative wisdom of all the people I have been lucky enough to see and work with.
Orci later talked about the Star Wars/Star Trek rivalry…
Orci: It is daunting to try and compete with Star Wars, especially they may be released so close to each other. So it certainly motivates me to make it as good as possible. It is interesting to me to have a friend of mine working on the other one, so hopefully it doesn't turn into I'm the team that Globetrotters play against – the Washington Generals – hopefully it is going to be a little more competitive than that.
Less Kirk Sex? And A Gay Character?
Boucher asked Orci if he might try to ‘escalate' and try to top the sex scenes with Capt. Kirk from the last two-Star Trek films, but Bob indicated Kirk might go in a different direction…
Orci: In the first film [Kirk] is like a college guy might do – or a cadet – finds himself in a dorm, lights come on and she's green!…In the second film he finds himself with humanoid felines…In the third film he is a little bit more of an adult, so I don't know.
The subject of introducing a gay character into Star Trek came up and Orci seemed open to the idea. When asked, he responded…
Orci: I would like to see that.
Delving deeper, Bob had this to say about addressing social issues in Star Trek…
Orci: It can be part of a character and not be the whole shebang…It doesn't' have to be like South Park, like ‘what have we learned today.' It can be so normalized that it just exists. I agree it can't be shoe-horned in. And it is not necessary for it to be the whole point of the thing. It is an ensemble and there are lots of people to represent so no one point of view should hog it.
Promises less secrecy
Much has been said about JJ Abrams penchant for secrecy. When asked if he would follow the same course or would be more open, Orci was hoping to be more transparent…
Orci: I think it is going to be more of a mix. On the one hand you want the story to have surprises. Otherwise why even go to the movie?. On the other hand you want to share enough of it to let people know what they are going to get and what they can expect and what the experience is going to feel like. In terms of behind the scenes, audiences are now so savvy, I think it is kind of fun to be more transparent. And let people into the process of how you are doing things and let them watch you do the movie. You can see behind the scenes without knowing what the context of the scene is or what the story is.
Shatner or other TOS cast?
Bob was also asked if it was possible to – like they have done with Leonard Nimoy – bring back William Shatner or one of the other original series actors. He replied…
Orci: It's possible. Whatever serves the story….that's my version of ‘no comment'
There is much more in the podcast including talking about writing collaborations, his history with Trek (including fave episodes and characters), contrasting TOS and TNG, meeting Shatner and Nimoy and much more. Go to Nerdist to listen to the full interview
Scenes From the Decadent Period of the Dying American Republic dec�a�dence ˈdekədəns noun moral or cultural decline as characterized by excessive indulgence in pleasure or luxury The Mary-Sue, fangirl comic book nerd site: Editor�s Note: Trigger warnings for sexual assault. To find out more about support options available for survivors of sexual abuse, visit the official website for RAINN, the nation�s largest anti-sexual violence organization. ...
Those hopes crumbled into a million pieces last night, when Sansa was raped by Ramsey as Theon/Reek was forced to watch. ... Using rape as the impetus for character motivations is one of the most problematic tropes in fiction. Rarely is it ever afforded the careful consideration it deserves. Was there more gravity given to the act on Game of Thrones than in the past on the series? I would say yes; however, it took Sansa from her growing place of power, cut her off at the knees, and put the focus on Theo'�s ordeal, instead. ... After the episode ended, I was gutted. I felt sick to my stomach. And then I was angry. My next thought was, "I'm going to have to spend part of the next six months explaining why this was a bad move over and over." The Daily Mail, a journal about things that actually happened in the real world: [no trigger warning included] Stripped naked and sold to the highest bidder: How ISIS is sending the 'prettiest Yazidi virgins' it abducts to slave markets in Syria ISIS committing horrific sex crimes against girls, United Nations has found 'They are sold naked to Islamic State leaders and soldiers at slave markets' Terror group is targeting young girls from Iraq's minority Yazidi community It has previously abducted hundreds of Yazidis from across northern Iraq
The HuffPo, a website for people to read while folding sweaters at The Gap: Why Talking About 'Game Of Thrones' Rape Is Important For Feminism By Emily Tess Katz
...
Dr. Michele Polak, an English professor at Centenary College, shares The Mary Sue's reservations, arguing that the rape served more to advance a male character's storyline rather than that of the Sansa Stark, who was raped. "I think it was there to move the narrative of her brother," Polak told HuffPost Live on Thursday. "I think that really did great for his narrative more than it did for Sansa's." ... Slate contributor Amanda Marcotte and contributing editor to Washingtonian magazine, Hilary Kelly, joined the discussion of what is meant by a "gratuitous rape scene" and whether "Game of Thrones" can depict rape in service to a broader, important cultural conversation. The Washington Post, a journal of things that really happened in the real world (though they have plenty of She the People bloggers who prefer to talk about things that happen on TV shows): [no trigger warning provided] Hundreds of kidnapped Nigerian school girls reportedly sold as brides to militants for $12, relatives say ... The news of the mass marriage come from a group of fathers, uncles, cousins, and nephews who gather every morning to pool their resources, buy fuel, and journey unarmed to forests and border towns in search of the missing girls. They learned this week, they said, that mass wedding ceremonies had occurred on Saturday and Sunday. The insurgents reportedly shot their guns into the air after taking their new brides, and split them into three groups. They were then reportedly moved out by truckload. "It's a medieval kind of slavery," village leader Bitrus told the BBC. Jezebel, a fangirl site for fantasy pretend-politics of the sort practiced by White Middle Class Western Women who want to convince themselves they're "informed:" The incident happened my junior year at Columbia, when Paul followed me upstairs at a party, came into a room with me uninvited, closed the door behind us, and grabbed me. I politely said, "Hey, no, come on, let's go back downstairs." He didn't listen. He held me close to him as I said no, and continued to pull me against him. I pushed him off and left the room quickly. I told a few friends and my boyfriend at the time how creepy and weird it was. I tried to find excuses for his behavior. I did a decent job of pushing it out of my mind.... My friend gave me the name and number of someone at Columbia I could talk to if I wanted to file a complaint. I wondered if what had happened between me and Paul was really sexual assault: there was no penetration, I had no bruises, I got away. But Columbia defines "Sexual Assault�Non-Consensual Sexual Contact" as "Any intentional sexual touching, however slight, with any object without a person's consent." That is exactly what happened to me, and so I decided to file a complaint. The NY Daily News, another paper chiefly writing about things that actually happened: [no trigger warning provided] 1 of 2 British school girls in pedophile sex ring recalls being raped by at least 60 men A British court has heard how a pedophile sex ring raped, drugged, exploited and even "brainwashed" school girls on a "massive scale" over a six-year period. The disturbing claims against 11 Buckinghamshire men were heard during the first day of trial Monday in London during which statements were read by one of the two young victims, the BBC reported. That child, who was aged 12 or 13 at the time, said she was passed around and raped by at least 60 men in an Asian grooming gang. The Independent, writing about the bitter, corrupt feminist Senator Claire McCaskill: Game of Thrones rape scene criticised as 'disgusting' by US senator Claire McCaskill who says she's 'done' with show Ok, I'm done Game of Thrones.Water Garden, stupid.Gratuitous rape scene disgusting and unacceptable.It was a rocky ride that just ended. — Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) May 19, 2015
Posted by: Ace at 07:03 PM
MuNuvians MeeNuvians Polls! Polls! Polls! Frequently Asked Questions The (Almost) Complete Paul Anka Integrity Kick Top Top Tens The Greatest Hitjobs News/Chat
With Joe Belfiore finally unveiling Windows 10 for phones, this version of the OS will comes to all Windows Phone 8.1 devices, as well as tablets under 8 inches. The update is free for for all users, but an official release date hasn't been mentioned. Here's what's new for your phone, which should be coming “soon” as a Windows Insider preview:
Tweaked start screen
Re-organized app list with most recently installed available at the top of the list, recently installed can be cleared by hitting the “clear all x” at the top right corner. the start screen background is also visible in the apps list (as seen in early leaks).
OS wide voice dictation (with punctuation dictation), note that the emoji button seems to have been grouped with the numeric keyboard; perhaps toggled by a setting (similar to the comma in Windows Phone 8.1). No word if this includes offline dictation, although it probably doesn't.
Movable keyboard on large screeened phones
Notification center with expandable notifications (note the small arrows next to notifications), notifications sync across devices; allowing you to dismiss notifications on all your devices at once.
Action center with more icons (synced to PC), expandable by hitting the small arrow, the action center syncs with your Windows 10 PC as well.
Inline replies from notifications, giving the ability to quickly reply to notifications without opening the apps.
Skype and other IP based chat messaging integrated into messaging hub, currently limited only to Skype; but hopefully it'll come to other popular messaging apps such as Facebook messenger and Whatsapp.
Redesigned settings menu, cleaner layout, with related settings bunched together, the background has been darkened; new icons added and the text has shrunk to fit in one screen.
New Office for Phones, with support for heavy files and a full ribbon bar, along with wireless printing for Office
New Outlook app with a fresh clean design, similar to google Inbox, except it comes with a full Word engine to format your documents.
New album view/app, with auto-fixing images (removes red-eye, brightens photos..), grouping similar shots together and automatically tagging faces in albums.
New people hub, (universal app)
New Maps app, with Cortana integration (universal app)
New browser, codenamed Project Spartan, with live annotations on the screen
*Images via theVerge liveblog
City crews are replacing the 75-year-old sewer under Talcott Avenue as part of a $7.6 million project. View Full Caption City of Chicago
NORWOOD PARK — The next phase of a $7.6 million project to replace the sewer under Talcott Avenue will force the intersection with Oriole Avenue to close Monday in all four directions for two months, Ald. Anthony Napolitano (41st) said.
The project will replace 12-inch sewer mains with significantly larger pipes in an effort to prevent nearby homes from flooding, officials said.
The closure is expected to snarl traffic near Resurrection Medical Center and Resurrection College Prep High School, where students have finished the school year but summer programs will be offered, officials said.
Eastbound traffic will be detoured north on Canfield Avenue, east on Devon Avenue and south on Harlem Avenue, officials said.
Westbound traffic will be detoured south on Harlem Avenue, west on Bryn Mawr Avenue and north on Canfield Avenue, officials said.
For more information, call 773-631-2241.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
OBJECTIVE:
There is evidence from several empirical studies suggesting that coffee may help people control body weight. Our objective was to assess the effects of caffeine, caffeinated coffee, and decaffeinated coffee, both alone and in combination with 75 g of glucose, on perceived hunger and satiety and related peptides.
METHODS:
We conducted a placebo-controlled single-blinded randomized 4-way crossover trial. Eleven healthy male volunteers (mean age, 23.5 ± 5.7 years; mean BMI, 23.6 ± 4.2 kg/m(2)) ingested 1 of 3 test beverages (caffeine in water, caffeinated coffee, or decaffeinated coffee) or placebo (water), and 60 minutes later they ingested the glucose. Eight times during each laboratory visit, hunger and satiety were assessed by visual analog scales, and blood samples were drawn to measure 3 endogenous peptides associated with hunger and satiety: ghrelin, peptide YY (PYY), and leptin.
RESULTS:
Compared to placebo, decaffeinated coffee yielded significantly lower hunger during the whole 180-minute study period and higher plasma PYY for the first 90 minutes (p < 0.05). Caffeine in water had no effects on hunger or PYY. Caffeinated coffee showed a pattern between that of decaffeinated coffee and caffeine in water. These findings suggest that one or more noncaffeine ingredients in coffee may have the potential to decrease body weight. Glucose ingestion did not change the effects of the beverages.
CONCLUSIONS:
Our randomized human trial showed that decaffeinated coffee can acutely decrease hunger and increase the satiety hormone PYY.
Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu gestures as he attends a news conference after a meeting with his Ukrainian counterpart Arseny Yatseniuk in Kiev, Ukraine February 15, 2016. REUTERS/Gleb Garanich
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu will travel to Iran this week on an official visit, his office said, a visit that could offer the neighbors an opportunity to discuss their sharply different views on the war in Syria.
Tehran, along with Russia, supports Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, while Turkey is among his most outspoken critics and backs the Sunni opposition. Turkey is also close to Saudi Arabia, which has cut its diplomatic ties with Iran.
Despite their differences, Turkey and Iran have largely maintained cordial diplomatic relations. Davutoglu will travel to Iran on March 4 and 5, according to a statement from his office.
Jonathan Chait, you are absolutely right. Last October, Chait wrote in New York magazine that "Hillary Clinton Pretends to Oppose Pacific Trade Deal." And as further proof of Hillary Clinton's pretense on this issue, we have verification today from Politico in an article written by Doug Palmer. Of course, Palmer wanted the readers to believe that Hillary was really really sincere in her supposed opposition to the Trans Pacific Partnership. Unfortunately for him a line buried in his story overturned his premise about Donald Trump and Hillary being equally opposed (snicker!) to the TPP.
So let us now join Palmer trying oh so hard to make the case for Hillary's sincere opposition while accidentally revealing the quote that makes a mockery of that premise.
Donald Trump has vowed to kill the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal — and as president he'd be empowered to stop the agreement even if Congress passes it. Between the voluminous TPP text and the “fast-track” trade promotion authority law passed last year, there are a pair of provisions that allow the president to slow-walk or even kill the landmark 12-nation pact. The next president could refuse to verify that other countries have implemented their early commitments under the pact. Or he or she could simply delay sending the paperwork to inform other TPP members that the United States has completed its own implementation. Ironically, the same fast-track authority intended to give a president the power to push complicated trade deals forward could easily be used to do the exact opposite, giving a President Trump — or Hillary Clinton — more leeway than most people realize to indefinitely delay the pact regardless of what Congress does.
"Or Hillary?" Really, Doug?
"I oppose it now, I'll oppose it after the election and I'll oppose it as president," Clinton said during an economic policy speech at an automotive manufacturing plant in Warren, Michigan, earlier this month.
And if you believe that, I have a bridge I want to sell you.
...on the chance that President Barack Obama succeeds in winning House and Senate majorities to make it the law of the land before he leaves office, POLITICO's reading of the two texts found several obscure provisions that give the next president potential room to maneuver. Clinton or Trump's refusal to exercise to fast-track certification requirement, for instance, would thrust the pact into limbo: passed by Congress, but not yet in force.
So, Doug, if you had to bet your entire net worth on whether Trump or Hillary would refuse to to exercise to fast-track certification requirement, on which candidate would you place your money?
The TPP can't go into effect until the United States and the 11 other countries notify New Zealand, the custodian of the agreement, that they have completed all the legal procedures. If Trump or Clinton refused to forward the required paperwork, it would scuttle the pact not just for the United States, but for all 12 members. ...Many TPP opponents say they doubt that Clinton would block the will of Congress, should the deal pass in the lame-duck session of Congress after the election.
Oh ye of little faith. Don't you believe Hillary when she pretends to oppose TPP? He then continues:
...Meanwhile, there is a history of presidents abandoning their uncompromising trade statements on the campaign trail once they're in office, said Scott Miller, a senior adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies.
Hmm. And which of the two candidates do you think would abandon their "uncompromising trade statements?" Actually, we don't really have to speculate much on that since the article has revealed it with this brief money quote:
The Trump campaign's vow to kill the deal puts pressure on Clinton to follow suit. Her campaign did not respond to an email asking whether she would block implementation of the agreement if Congress passes it in the lame duck. But the Democratic nominee has been equally forceful about her opposition to the deal on the campaign trail, although she supported it as a member of the Obama administration.
Millions of dollars of Wall Street TPP-supporting money would lead most people to believe that's why Hillary's campaign did not respond on whether she would commit to blocking implementation of TPP if a lame duck Congress passes it. Everything else is the mere window dressing of Hillary's pretend opposition to TPP. So while the MSM continues focusing on Trump's supposed flip flop on immigration, we know Hillary will flop back to TPP support after her pretend flip.
Right Jonathan?
(Reuters) - Italy's economy contracted by 0.7 percent in the second quarter, data showed on Tuesday, compounding the difficulties for Mario Monti's technocrat government as it grapples with a debt crisis that threatens the whole euro zone.
The 0.7 percent fall in gross domestic product was the fourth consecutive drop for an economy mired in recession since the middle of last year, with the rate of contraction easing only marginally from a 0.8 percent decline in the first quarter.
The data was slightly weaker than expectations. The median forecast in a Reuters survey of analysts pointed to a 0.6 percent fall.
Official statistics agency ISTAT reported that GDP was down 2.5 percent year-on-year after a fall of 1.4 percent in the first quarter, posting the steepest fall since the end of 2009.
Italy has been the euro zone's most sluggish economy for more than a decade, fuelling investor concerns about its ability to bring down public debt of around 123 percent of output.
The recession weakens tax revenues and hits jobs and consumption in a vicious circle which makes it harder for Monti, who is aiming to cut the budget deficit to 0.1 percent of GDP in 2014, to meet his public finance goals.
Employers' lobby Confindustria forecasts that the economy will contract by 2.4 percent this year, twice as much as the government's official projection of -1.2 percent.
Monti passed austerity measured worth more than 20 billion euros at the end of last year to head off a mounting debt crisis but the package, made up largely of tax hikes, sapped consumer morale and deepened the recession.
Per capita consumer spending will fall by more in 2012 than at any time in Italy's post-war history, the country's main retail confederation said last week.
With Italian benchmark bond yields still stubbornly close to 6 percent, Monti has repeatedly warned his European partners that unless they show flexibility towards Italy on public finances then the country could soon be run by a eurosceptic government with little commitment to fiscal consolidation.
Monti has pledged to step down next spring, when new elections are due.
ISTAT gave no numerical breakdown of GDP components with its preliminary estimate, saying only that activity contracted in agriculture, industry and services.
It said so-called “acquired growth” at the end of the first quarter stood at -1.9 percent.
This means that if GDP posts flat quarterly readings in the final two quarters of 2012, over the whole year it will be down 1.9 percent from the previous year.
ISTAT gave the following details:
Q2 2012 Q1 2012 Q4 2011
Q/Q (pct change) -0.7 -0.8 -0.7
Y/Y (pct change) -2.5 -1.4 -0.5
Overall value (bln euro) 348.966 351.548 354.487
Image copyright AMVID via EVN Image caption The jet was said to be flying at a low altitude before crashing
A Libyan military jet has crashed in the eastern city of Tobruk, causing a huge inferno and killing a child and at least two other people, officials say.
The jet hit a block of flats near the new parliamentary building after developing a "technical fault", a security official said.
The jet was controlled by forces loyal to ex-General Khalifa Haftar who have been battling Islamist militias.
The Islamist-linked Libya Dawn group seized the capital, Tripoli, last week.
Parliament had earlier relocated to Tobruk, more than 1,000km (620 miles) away, because of the deteriorating security situation in Tripoli.
Witnesses said the jet was flying at a low altitude and smoke was billowing out of its engine before it crashed into an apartment block and burst into flames, the AFP news agency reports.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The airport in Tripoli has been closed since July because of heavy fighting
It came down on Tuesday around 1km (0.6 miles) from the seat of parliament, killing at least two residents and a co-pilot, Reuters news agency reports.
The dead included a child, but the co-pilot survived, an unnamed security official is quoted by AFP as saying.
Libya has been hit by instability since an array of militia groups, backed by Nato air strikes, overthrew long-serving ruler Col Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.
The militia groups, many of whom are allied to rival politicians, have been fighting for power among themselves.
NEW DELHI: The aggressive bidding in the auction of coal blocks has prompted the government to revise its internal projections of revenue to states to Rs 15 lakh crore (50,000 crore annually) from 204 blocks over the next 30 years from around Rs 7 lakh crore estimated a few weeks ago, half of which was to come by way of royalty.The resources that will flow to the coal producing states such as Jharkhand , Odisha, Chattisgarh, West Bengal Madhya Pradesh , Maharashtra and Arunachal Pradesh will be more than the Centre's budgeted non-plan expenditure for the current financial year and many times higher than what the states, several of which have large proportion of poor, spend currently."It is going to be much higher than what we had anticipated," acknowledged a government official, who did not wish to be identified.Till Monday evening, the six blocks where auctions have been completed, will help the states mop up over Rs 12,000 crore based on the bid price and the estimated coal reserves. In case of two blocks — Trans Damodar (West Bengal) and Mandla North (MP) - bidding was underway till late in the evening.For the Centre, the response has come as a major surprise. For instance, on Sunday, Hindalco successfully bid Rs 2,860 a tonne for the Kathautia block in Jharkhand, which is over nine times the price that the Supreme Court had fixed while deciding on cancelling 204 blocks.The taint-free allocation method of e-auctions that TOI has suggested in the past has addressed the concerns over industry having to pass on the higher cost of natural resources such as spectrum or coal by putting in place a reverse auction mechanism for the power sector. So, unlike a forward auction where the first bid has to be higher than the reserve price under the reverse bidding method a two stage bidding takes place.In the first stage, power producers have to bid below the ceiling price. If the ceiling price is Rs 500 a tonne and the final bid is Rs 400 a tonne, the Rs 100 gap has to reflect through lower power tariffs — a benefit that goes to the states that consumer power. The bidders then have to start a forward auction, whose proceeds will go to the producing states.
3 Shares
Beyond Buy-and-Hold #60
I was talking over the wonders of Valuation-Informed Indexing with a fellow money blogger at the recent Financial Bloggers Conference in Chicago and, effusive fellow that I am, I uttered a phrase that shocked even me. I was explaining how the academic research of the past 30 years (the research that must not be mentioned when Buy-and-Holders are in the room) allows us all to achieve far higher returns while taking on greatly diminished risk. “That's investor heaven!” I often cry.
This time a different catch phrase popped out of my mouth — “Risk-Free Stock Investing!”
“I don't know if I would go that far,” she laughed. And in a technical sense, she's right. There is no such thing as entirely risk-free stock investing.
Risk-free stock investing may be closer than we think
Still, the reality is that we can get a lot closer to it today than just about anyone realizes is possible. Certificates of Deposit (CDs) are not risk-free, but the risk of investing in CDs is so slight compared to the risks of investing in stocks following a Buy-and-Hold strategy that there are many who think of them as providing something close to a risk-free investing experience. The happy reality today is that there are circumstances in which stocks are a less risky asset class than CDs for those open to the idea of taking valuations into consideration when setting their stock allocations.
Say that you are debating between investing your retirement money in CDs or in a broad stock index at a time when stocks are selling at fair-value prices. Most experts would tell you that stocks are the better choice because you need to take on the added risk of stocks to have any realistic hope of financing a middle-class retirement by the normal retirement age of 65.
That's the conventional wisdom. But is it so? There is now 30 years of academic research and 140 years of historical stock-return data showing that it is very much not the case. When stocks are selling at fair-value prices — a scenario that is obviously much more the norm than the 16 years of sky-high prices we have seen during the time-period from 1996 forward –there is less risk attached to stock investing than there is investing in CDs.
Can stocks actually be less risky than CDs?
Let's take a look at the numbers.
A regression analysis of the historical data shows that the best annualized 10-year return you can hope for when you buy stocks at fair value is 12.3 percent. The most likely annualized 10-year return is 6.3 percent. The worst possible annualized 10-year return is 0.34.
The 12.3 return and the 6.3 return both handily beat the 2 percent real return that might available from CDs. So there's no risk in investing in stocks at that price level so long as you feel confident that you can avoid any panic sales for 10 years. It's only the worst-case scenario that presents any problem.
There is only a 5 percent chance that your return will be less than 0.34 percent. There is only a 10 percent chance that it will be much less than 2 percent real. So long as you earn 2 percent real or better, you beat the return that was available from CDs. So is it not fair to say that the risk you take when investing in stocks at those prices is the one-in-ten chance that you will see a worst-case returns sequence pop up? It sure seems so to me.
Still, there is no chance of seeing a 10-year return of less than 2 percent real if you invest in CDs. So there is certainly is a sense in which it can be said that stocks are the more risky asset class.
But wait.
The retirement planning “X” Factor
Is there not a risk factor that we are not considering here?
None of us know precisely how much money we will need in retirement. We don't know what goods and services are going to cost in future days and to what extent we will want to buy goods and services that today are not even available to us (many of today's retirees did not budget for cell phones or wide-screen, high definition televisions). We don't know whether we will have particularly costly health problems or not. We don't know the extent to which we might need to help out our children financially in our retirement years.
So one of the risks you must weigh when making investment choices is the risk that you will run out of money in retirement not because your investment choices performed poorly but because you miscalculated your spending needs. There's a 10 percent chance that the CDs will provide better 10-year returns than stocks in the circumstances outlined above. But there is a 90 percent chance that the stocks will provide higher returns. There's a 50 percent chance that stocks will provide a 10-year annualized return of three times the return that will be provided by the CDs.
The fact that stocks perform so much better in the vast majority of circumstances does not negate that 10 percent chance that investing in them may leave you with less money than what you would have had if you had invested in CDs. But I think it would be fair to say that it counters it.
You are taking on more than one form of risk when you choose investment classes. One is the chance that the investment class will perform poorly. Another is that you might miscalculate how much you need to retire and thus end up in trouble even if all of your investment choices perform precisely how you hoped they would.
Stocks counter this risk because they perform so much better than CDs in the vast majority of return sequences likely to pop up. Investing in stocks exposes you to slightly more of one type of investing risk but investing in CDs exposes you to much more of another type of investing risk. Stocks are in an overall sense the less risky asset class, in my assessment.
Rob Bennett argues that personal finance planning is not about self-denial anymore. Rob's bio is here.
( Photo from Flickr by Helico )
Bautzen appears to have a particular problem with neo-Nazis. In February a crowd gathered to cheer as a refugee shelter was burnt down Getty Images
A mob of up to 50 stone-throwing neo-Nazis chased migrants from Bautzen city centre in east Germany, the second such incident in weeks.
Two refugees fled for their lives as the mob screamed racist insults and threats. Police were out in force but apparently did not act until the refugees began to run away.
One was hit by a stone and by a bicycle ridden by one of his pursuers. Police rescued the second youth and took him away in a patrol car, according to the newspaper Die Zeit.
The town has imposed a nightly curfew for unaccompanied minor refugees since mid-September, when nearly 80 neo-Nazis chased 19 asylum seekers through streets.
The confrontation on Tuesday escalated after both groups exchanged insults in a main…
One of the major players in last decade's arguments over anthropogenic climate change and its policy implications was the Global Climate Coalition, which received funding from both individual companies and industry groups. Now, documents from that era have come to light thanks to the involvement of one of the GCC members, the Association of International Automobile Manufacturers, in a suit that has attempted to block California's efforts to regulate automotive greenhouse gas emissions. During discovery for the suit, a memo came to light in which the GCC's scientific advisors suggested that certain aspects of climate science simply weren't controversial; that memo was leaked to The New York Times, which has placed it online.
The documents include a few introductory memos, followed by a primer on climate science prepared by the GCC's in-house scientific advisory committee. The goal of the primer appears to be to bring everyone who would be speaking on the issue up to speed on the state of climate science; it apparently dates from late 1995, about the time when the IPCC published its second assessment of climate science. It appears to have been prepared by members of the industries represented by the GCC; the accompanying article in The Times indicates that the advisory committee was chaired by someone at Mobile, while two of the people listed as commenting on it appear to have worked for an oil company and an electric utility group.
Not surprisingly, the group wasn't entirely sold on the concept of anthropogenic climate change. At the time, given the state of scientific knowledge, the IPCC's analysis was far more tenuous than it is currently, and the GCC's advisors didn't even buy that. The primer quotes the IPCC as concluding "the balance of evidence suggests that there is a discernible human influence on global climate," but the GCC advisors suggest that this statement, "goes beyond what can be justified by current scientific knowledge."
The report reserves its most striking language for attempts to deny the eventual impact of continuing greenhouse gas emissions.
Part of the problem, in the view of the primer's authors, is that computerized climate models weren't yet sophisticated enough to separate anthropogenic causes from natural variability. At the time, they felt, scientists lacked sufficient raw data to build good models, and lacked the computing power to run them. Nevertheless, the authors recognized that "improvements in both are likely, and in the next decade it may be possible to make fairly accurate statements."
From there on out, however, things don't exactly toe the GCC's party line. There are two striking things about the remainder of the primer: one is how little the arguments have changed in the past decade and a half, and the second is how badly off the GCC's message is compared to that advocated by its own scientific advisors.
The primer dismisses a wide series of arguments that are still widely in use today. "The scientific basis for the greenhouse effect and the potential impact of human emissions of greenhouse gasses such as CO2 on climate is well established and cannot be denied," it concludes, noting elsewhere that the basics of this, "can be demonstrated in a laboratory." Although there are some uncertainties about individual temperature records, the authors conclude that global average temperatures have risen over the last century. They also leave no room for doubt regarding the trajectory of atmospheric carbon dioxide levels or its cause: "human activities have raised the concentrations of CO 2 by more than 25 percent."
Several pages of the primer are also spent on what it calls "contrarian" theories, such as solar variability and ideas promoted by Richard Lindzen. Although these are considered interesting, the GCC's advisors conclude that none of them are actually consistent with the available data, and "they do not offer convincing arguments against the conventional model of grenehouse gas emission-induced climate change." Apparently, this section was deleted from the final memo, although nobody that The Times could find was willing to identify who did so or why.
The report reserves its most striking language for attempts to deny the eventual impact of continuing greenhouse gas emissions. "The potential for a human impact on climate is based on well-established scientific fact," the primer reads, "and should not be denied." Elsewhere it states, "neither solar variability nor anomalies in the temperature record offer a mechanism for offsetting the much larger rise in temperature which might occur if the atmospheric concentration of greenhouse sases were to double or quadurple."
The fact that the GCC was out of touch with the science became ever more obvious as time went on; by 2000, many of its most significant industry backers had abandoned ship; shortly afterwards, the group shut down, leaving its site preserved in the web archive.
It's tempting to make comparisons to the cigarette lobby—indeed, the comparisons are made in The Times, but the issue is probably more subtle than that. The GCC's advisors were pointing out that some areas of climate science were actually quite certain, while others remained open to scientifically valid skepticism; the GCC ignored its science advisors only in that it treated everything as equally uncertain.
FLINT, MI -- A jury has found an East Lansing man not guilty after he was accused of shooting the mother of his then-2-year-old daughter during a child custody exchange at a vacant Vienna Township gas station.
James Andrew Smith, 44, was found not guilty Wednesday, Jan. 14, of assault with intent to murder and felony firearms in the Labor Day 2013 incident.
"He claimed it was self-defense and apparently the jury wasn't convinced by our presentation," Genesee County Prosecutor David Leyton said.
Smith's attorney, Mary Chartier-Mittendorf, said her client acted in self-defense when the alleged victim stabbed him. Chartier-Mittendorf said a knife was found at the scene.
Smith was arrested and charged after Ginger Don was shot in the hand and the top of the skull in the parking lot of the former BP gas station on Vienna Road.
The couple's daughter was not injured during the incident.
The Reds have entered Week 4 with work to do and a change in environment. The Reds during Week 4 finished off the first 21 games against division opponents before facing a non division opponent in the Atlanta Braves to finish out the week. The Reds this week went 4-3 and start off Week 5 12-13, facing the Pittsburgh Pirates and Chicago White Sox as they continue their 11 day-10 game road trip.
STARTING PITCHING
7th SERIES
21 IP/18 H/7 R/3 BB/14 SO/5 HR
ERA 3.00/WHIP 1.00
RATES: 21.95% H/8.54% R/3.66% BB/17.07% SO/6.10% HR
PER 9: 7.71 H/4.26 R/3.55 BB/4.97 SO/1.42 HR
PER PA: 4.56 H/PA, 11.71 R/PA, 27.33 BB/PA, 5.86 SO/PA, 16.40 PA/HR
8th SERIES
25.1 IP/20 H/12 R/10 BB/14 SO/4 HR
ERA 4.26/WHIP 1.18
RATES: 19.61% H/11.76% R/9.80% BB/13.73% SO/3.92% HR
PER 9: 7.11 H/4.26 R/3.55 BB/4.97 SO/1.42 HR
BULLPEN PITCHING
7th SERIES
6 IP/8 H/9 R/3 BB/11 SO/HR
ERA 13.50/WHIP 1.83
RATES: 25.00% H/28.13% R/9.38% BB/34.38% SO/3.13% HR
PER 9: 12.00 H/13.50 R/4.50 BB/16.50 SO/1.50 HR
PER PA: 4.00 PA/H, 3.56 PA/R, 10.67 PA/BB, 2.91 PA/SO, 32.00 PA/HR
8th SERIES
8.2 IP/5 H/2 R/3 BB/8 SO
ERA 2.08/WHIP 0.92
RATES: 15.15% H/6.06% R/9.09% BB/24.24% SO
PER 9: 5.19 H/2.08 R/3.12 BB/8.31 SO
PER PA: 6.60 PA/H, 16.50 PA/R, 11.00 PA/BB, 4.13 PA/SO
STARTER LINE
Marquis' two games:
14.1 IP/12 H/5 R/4 BB/7 SO/HR
ERA 3.14/WHIP 1.12
RATES: 21.81% H/9.09% R/7.27% BB/12.72% SO/1.81% HR
PER 9: 7.54 H/3.14 R/2.51 BB/7.40 SO/0.63 HR
Cueto's two games:
14 IP/12 H/7 R/BB/8 SO/4 HR
ERA 4.50/WHIP 0.93
RATES: 21.81% H/12.72% R/1.81% BB/14.54% SO/7.27% HR
PER 9: 7.71 H/4.50 R/0.64 BB/5.14 SO/2.57
Best and Worst Pitching Games of Week 4
Best Start: Mike Leake 4/30 at Atlanta Braves
Worst Start: Johnny Cueto 5/3 at Atlanta Braves
Best Bullpen Appearance: 4/28 Milwaukee Brewers
Worst Bullpen Appearance: 4/27 Milwaukee Brewers
Best Staff Game: 4/28 Milwaukee Brewers
Worst Staff Game: 4/29 Milwaukee Brewers
Week 5 Probables
@Pittsburgh: Michael Lorenzen, Mike Leake, Anthony DeSclafani
@Chicago White Sox: Jason Marquis, Johnny Cueto, Michael Lorenzen
Advertisements
Alberta's NDP started 2017 in the lead financially, raising more cash than its rivals in the first three months of the year.
Financial reports for the first quarter posted on the Elections Alberta website showed the NDP — which formed government in 2015 — took in $373,060.
The Opposition Wildrose party raised $281,606, though when constituency associations are added in, Wildrose's total rises to $345,125.
The Progressive Conservatives brought in $216,884 — increasing to $226,572 with the inclusion of constituency associations.
This year will be the first full year under new party financial rules brought in by the NDP government that limit the total amount an individual can donate provincially — encompassing parties, constituency associations, candidates and leadership contestants — to $4,000.
NDP provincial secretary Roari Richardson said parties are still getting a feel for the new restrictions and will have to ensure that donors don't exceed the cap while still maximizing contributions.
“It's changed the way we've approached our members and our contributors for sure,” he said in an interview Wednesday.
“The previous maximum donation amount ($15,000 for parties), I don't know how many people managed to hit that in the province, but very few. This new dollar amount is tangible to people and so I think that there will be a certain percentage of the population that I think all parties will be able to motivate to get that tangible amount.”
Wildrose executive director Jeremy Nixon said the new donation cap is positive but he believes the system is built to the NDP's advantage, as it doesn't raise money through its constituency associations.
He said having one limit apply across the board adds an additional level of complexity for both donors and parties, as well as making it, in a sense, that the party is competing with its local associations for donors.
Related
Nixon said he was pleased with Wildrose's financial showing given the ongoing economic downturn in the province, a federal Conservative leadership race and a “period of political turmoil” in Alberta.
Discussions are currently underway between Wildrose and PC representatives about potentially uniting into a single party.
“People again, because they can only contribute so much to one thing, they may be waiting to see where best to put that money,” said Nixon.
For most of the first quarter, the PCs were embroiled in a leadership race that culminated with Jason Kenney's victory on March 18.
Under the contest rules, the party took 15 per cent of the contributions to each leadership campaign, significantly boosting its coffers this year.
If the 15 per cent from a leadership donor exceeds the $250 disclosure threshold, that person's name will show up on the Tories' list of donors, said PC party interim executive director Janice Harrington.
Harrington said Kenney — famed as a Conservative MP for his prowess in raising money — has made no changes yet to the Tory fundraising apparatus as he focuses on the unity issue.
The Alberta Liberals and the party's constituency associations raised $47,959 while the Alberta Party and its associations took in $14,070.
jwood@postmedia.com
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump went on the attack during a town hall-style event in Sandown, N.H., on Oct. 6. From the Commission on Presidential Debates and their microphone to CNN's John King, here's a look at what he lashed out against. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
SANDOWN, N.H. — Donald Trump lashed out against a broad array of people at a town hall-style event staged before a friendly audience here Thursday night.
He attacked Hillary Clinton, alleging with no evidence that when the Democratic nominee says she is preparing for debates, she is actually “resting.” He went after Sen. Mark Kirk (R-Ill.), who does not support him. He knocked journalists John Harwood and John King, as well as the media in general and even the Commission on Presidential Debates.
Trump also denied that he was using the event to prepare for Sunday night's debate in St. Louis, which will operate under a similar format.
The gathering was hardly a preview of the spontaneous questions Trump and Clinton are expected to face from voters and moderators Sunday night. It was closed to the public; the campaign invited people to attend and submit written questions in advance. Some added words of encouragement for Trump to their questions.
Trump was not pressed on his taxes, or his comments about women's physical appearances, which have stoked widespread controversy in recent weeks.
Before the start of a town hall meeting in Sandown, N.H., Oct. 6, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said the event was not practice ahead of the town-hall-style presidential debate on Oct. 9. (The Washington Post)
Conservative radio host Howie Carr moderated the event. Asked by Carr whether he wanted to be told when his two minutes allotted for answering each question were up, Trump quipped: “If I'm doing well, don't call me.”
Carr said at the outset that Trump would field about 20 questions. He took only about a dozen, on issues from foreign policy to domestic issues to Trump's outreach to Hispanics and whether he was annoyed that running mate Mike Pence didn't defend his positions in this week's vice-presidential debate.
“This isn't practice. This has nothing to do with Sunday,” Trump said. Without any substantiation, he said that what Clinton does is “not debate prep — she's resting.”
Later, he said: “She wants to build up her energy for Sunday night.”
At one point, Trump told the crowd about his recent trip to Las Vegas, where he said Hispanics “like to be called” Latinos.
In a stark departure from his usual rallies, which draw thousands to arenas, conventions centers and sprawling fairgrounds, Trump addressed an intimate group of about a couple hundred people packed into the Sandown Town Hall building, in a state that has made town halls famous in presidential politics.
The event came at a critical moment for Trump, who has tumbled in the polls in the week and a half after his first debate with Clinton. He trails her in most key battleground states.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R), a Trump supporter whose town hall-style meetings in New Jersey catapulted him to national fame, stood and watched the candidate from the side of the room. Christie is reported to be helping Trump prepare for Sunday's debate.
At a town hall meeting in Sandown, N.H., Oct. 6, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was asked by a voter what he planned to do to create jobs. Here is how he answered. (The Washington Post)
At another point, Trump said that Kirk is “not doing so well” in his reelection bid. He added, dismissively: “That's his problem.”
Trump brushed off suggestions that he may have been irked by Pence's well-received debate performance, knocking Harwood — a CNBC and New York Times journalist — and King, from CNN, for reporting that Trump may have been bothered that Pence didn't defend him.
“John Harwood was the worst moderator at all the debates we had,” Trump said, speaking of the Republican primary campaign.
He said that at his first debate with Clinton, he “did hold back” from lobbing “inappropriate” personal attacks.
The Republican nominee repeatedly mentioned the heroin epidemic that has hit New Hampshire especially hard and emphasized his hard-line approach to border security as a means for fighting the flow of drugs.
“I promise the people of New Hampshire we are going to stop this crap from coming into your state,” he said.
Trump spoke with a handheld microphone, as is the custom at town hall-style events. At the start, he referred to the audio problems he experienced at the first debate, a line he has used often. He then slammed the commission that organizes the debates, saying sarcastically, “Some commission that is.”
A former reader emails today to pass along a firsthand account of the shooting at Fort Hood on Thursday. It's unedited except for paragraph breaks:
I was walking into the medical SRP building when he started firing (he never made it to the main SRP building….the media accounts are understandably pretty off right now). He was calmly and methodically shooting everyone. Like every non-deployed military post, no one was armed. For the first time in my life I really wish I had a weapon. I don't know how to explain what it feels like to have someone shoot at you while you're unarmed. He missed me but didn't miss a lot of others. Just pure random luck. It's a very compressed area, thus the numbers.
I saw a lot of heroism. So many more would have died if this wasn't an Army post. We're almost all CLS trained and it made a huge difference. Because the EMTs didn't get there for almost an hour (they thought there was a second shooter). I just can't believe one of our own shot us. When I saw his ID card I couldn't believe it. After he shot the female police officer he was fumbling his reload and I saw the other police officer around the corner and yelled at him to come shoot the shooter. He did. Then I used my belt as a tourniquet on the female officer.
I hate to tell you this but in the course of the day it became clear that it was another Akbar incident.1 (Once they convinced them the blood drenching my clothes wasn't mine I spent the day being interviewed by the alphabet.) Akbar again. God help us. He was very planned. I counted three full mags around him (I secured his weapon for a while). Found out later that his car was filled with more ammo.
This was premeditated. This wasn't VBC again. That guy snapped, not this one. He was so damn calm when he was shooting. Methodical. And he was moving tactically. The Army really is diverse and we really do love all our own. We signed up to be shot at but not at home. Not unarmed. No one should ever see what the inside of that medical SRP building looked like. I suppose that's what VA Tech looked like. Except they didn't have soldiers coming from everywhere to tourniquet and compress and talk to the wounded while rounds are still coming out.
No one touched him…the shooter that is…other than to treat him. Though I told the medic (and I'm not proud of this) that was giving him plasma that there better not be anyone else who needed it because he should be the last one to be treated. But I had just finished holding a soldier who was critical (I counted three entry wounds) and talking to him about his children…. If the shooter had a grievance he should have taken it out on those responsible; he wasn't shooting people he knew (media reports to the contrary). He was just shooting anybody who happened to be present for SRP medical processing, mainly lower enlisted.
But please, no one use this politically! The Army is not “broken”, PTSD doesn't turn people into killers, most Muslims aren't evil, and whether we should stay or go in Afghanistan has nothing to do with this. I'm babbling…sorry.
I disagree. Even if CIG would state that SM is active and playable, Derek and his lackeys will simply claim that it is only active in a new build and still wasn't active on day one.
No amount of proof will be enough for Derek and his lackeys, unless CIG states was in before something is in the hands of the Evocati. And even that wouldn't be enough. CIG would need to remove the NDA completely to make Derek shut up about something not being in. Frankly, I think that is actually what Derek wants. He is saying all this to get the NDA removed. With the NDA removed he probably hopes that the media will again report about the patches, especially on how buggy it is. All Derek does has an ulterior motive to try to cause a refund cascade.
North American anime distributor Viz Media announced after its Anime Central panel on Friday that it licensed the original Sailor Moon magical girl anime franchise . The streaming, digital, and home video licenses include all 200 episodes from the five television series, the three feature films, and the assorted tie-in specials. This will include the first North American release of the final television series, Sailor Moon Sailor Stars .
Viz is offering the franchise without edits in its original uncropped 4:3 aspect ratio, with the original Japanese names, story elements, and relationships. It is also producing an uncut English dub with a new voice cast.
Viz aims to release the franchise digitally with English subtitles starting this summer, followed by the English dub starting in late 2014. It also plans DVD and Blu-ray/DVD combo releases in half-season sets starting this fall.
The first four television anime episodes will stream with English subtitles on Viz Media 's NeonAlley.com service and the Hulu Plus service on Monday. Two more episodes will then debut every Monday ("Moon-day," as Viz's representatives deemed it).
Viz will celebrate " Sailor Moon Day" on Saturday, July 5 (the same day that the new Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon Crystal anime premieres worldwide) at Anime Expo. Viz will host panels with announcements of the new dub cast and staff, as well as what Viz hopes will be the world's largest Sailor Moon cosplay gathering.
Viz notes that the above trailer features a preview of the voice actresss for Sailor Moon in the new dub . Original manga creator Naoko Takeuchi will personally approve the new dub 's cast.
Takeuchi launched the original magical girl team manga series in the shōjo monthly manga magazine Nakayoshi in 1992. It soon spawned anime, a live-action television project, musicals, and other adaptations, and it also sparked a worldwide boom. The 20th anniversary project began in 2012, and featured the first musical in eight years at the AiiA Theater Tokyo last September. Kodansha has been republishing the original manga in a complete edition since last November, and Kodansha USA Publishing 's Kodansha Comics imprint has been publishing the manga in North America.
Benjamin Netanyahu has never had it so good in Washington.
After eight years of visits to an Obama White House where he was seen as a political adversary and an obstacle to Middle East peace, the Israeli Prime Minister will be greeted at the Trump White House on Wednesday like a beloved old friend — and as a welcome distraction from headlines about Russia and the sacking of national security adviser Michael Flynn.
Story Continued Below
Netanyahu has known both Trump and the family of Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, for over a decade. His ambassador to the U.S., Ron Dermer, has developed a close bond with Kushner and was spotted walking near the White House with Trump's senior adviser, Stephen Bannon, on Tuesday. On Thursday night, one of Netanyahu's staunchest supporters, the billionaire casino mogul Sheldon Adelson, dined with Trump at the White House.
The visit will “usher in a new relationship between Israel and the United States — something that Israel has not seen in well over eight years, a relationship that will show there is no daylight,” a Trump White House official said Tuesday night.
The visit may also usher in a new era for U.S. policy toward the Middle East. On Tuesday night, White House officials briefing reporters said that Trump wouldn't seek to impose a two-state solution for the Israel-Palestinian conflict — a break with a decades-long American posture.
“Maybe, maybe not,” one official said of the two-state solution. "It's something the two sides have to agree to. It's not for us to impose that vision. But I think we'll find out more about that tomorrow."
That would be a major gift from Trump to the Israeli leader, who faces pressure from a leading right-wing rival, Education Minister Naftali Bennett, to avoid uttering the words "two-state solution." Bennett wrote in a Facebook post on Saturday that the meeting with Trump would be "the test of Benjamin Netanyahu's life” and saying that “the Earth will shake” if Netanyahu uses the phrase.
Under a two-state solution, Israel would end its military occupation of Palestinian areas and allow the Palestinians to form their own self-governing state. Bennett and other critics of that approach believe the Palestinians can never be trusted to govern themselves and leave Israel in peace. Netanyahu has committed in the past to the two-state solution, though in early 2015 he said it was not currently feasible.
Elliott Abrams, a former top national security official in the George W. Bush White House who was nearly appointed deputy secretary of state before Trump vetoed his selection last week, applauded the White House's language.
“The true goal is peace,” Abrams said. "The positions of Israel and the [Palestinian Liberation Organization] have long been that the best and quickest road to peace is the two-state solution. But that is not the goal; it is a means to an end. If it is impossible, or there are better means, we should be open to them. That's what I think the administration is saying, and they're right.”
A Trump official also said Tuesday night that the president would raise the subject of the peace process with Netanyahu. “He's hopeful to bring the two sides together to discuss peace,” the official said. Trump has startled longtime peace negotiators by designating Kushner, who has no prior experience in diplomacy or the Middle East, as his point man for that effort. Kushner is expected to attend Wednesday's meeting with the Israeli leader.
The meeting also comes a day before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee is set to consider the nomination of Trump's choice to be ambassador to Israel, David Friedman, a lawyer who has drawn sharp fire from Democrats for past positions that include the belief that Israel could legally annex Palestinian land.
But it's not the Palestinian question that tops Netanyahu's agenda.
A higher priority for the Israeli leader is Iran. Netanyahu welcomes the tough line Trump has taken toward Tehran's missile tests and regional aggression. (Iran is “on notice” about its behavior, Flynn said earlier this month, in his last public remarks before he was fired.)
But Netanyahu is likely to push Trump to go further. In a recent meeting with a senior member of Congress, according to someone familiar with the conversation, Netanyahu said he intended to press the president to revisit the nuclear deal President Barack Obama struck with Tehran in mid-2016, which lifted economic sanctions in return for strict limits on Iran's nuclear program.
As a candidate, Trump denounced the nuclear deal as “terrible” and threatened to walk away from it. But as president he has not moved to revisit the pact, perhaps aware of the complications of withdrawing from an agreement brokered between Iran and six other nations, all of which still back the deal. During his confirmation hearings, Trump's defense secretary, Gen. James Mattis, called the deal “an imperfect arms control agreement,” adding that “when America gives her word, we have to live up to it and work with our allies.”
But Netanyahu, who believes the deal allowed Iran to retain too much nuclear capability, seems determined to offer a contrary view.
"The problem how to deal with this agreement is something I'll discuss with President-elect Trump," Netanyahu said in remarks to the Saban Forum in Washington in December.
Netanyahu “knows the administration is not going to scrap the nuclear deal per se,” said Dennis Ross, a senior Middle East adviser to several presidents, including Obama. But, Ross added, Netanyahu will explore the possibility of toughening some of its provisions, including the “sunset” of many key limits on Iran's nuclear program after 10 years, which Netanyahu has said is unacceptably soon.
Former Obama administration officials doubted that Trump and Netanyahu would strike any lasting policy bargains during their meeting — a prospect that looks even less likely now that Trump is searching for a new national security adviser.
That could mean that tomorrow's visit is mainly about sending positive signals about future diplomacy.
“For both sides, the primary objective of this meeting is to change the political theater of the relationship,” said Michele Flournoy, a former top Obama Pentagon official and co-founder of the Center for a New American Security.
Their goal, Flournoy added, is “to change the vibe, the feeling” from the tensions of the Obama era. Now, she said, “It's all kumbaya.”
The Don't Spy On Us campaign is a coalition of the most influential organisations who defend privacy, free expression and digital rights in the UK and in Europe. We've come together to fight back against the system of unfettered mass state surveillance that Edward Snowden has exposed. Right now, the UK's intelligence services are conducting mass surveillance that violates internet user's privacy and chills free speech. The impact globally may be more profound. If democracies turn a blind eye to mass surveillance, dictatorships will build ever more dystopian surveillance programmes to shut down the space for democratic activism, civil society and internet freedom.
The campaign kicks off on the 11 February with a CryptoParty to show you how you can protect your personal security and privacy. This event is FREE with a bar, live demonstrations and some big hitting guest speakers!
The evening is hosted by English PEN in association with Open Rights Group.
To sign up enter your details above or go to the ORG meetup page here.
WASHINGTON — President Obama's national security council met Saturday after Russia authorized military force in Ukraine, but the president himself did not attend.
Russian forces effectively seized control Saturday of Crimea, a Ukrainian region. A White House official did not respond to questions about where Obama was during the meeting, but said his absence was not out of the ordinary.
"[The] president was not at the meeting, but he's been briefed by Susan Rice and members of his national security team," the official said in an email. "That's not unusual."
Press pool reports from the White House did not report any movement by Obama Saturday. A senior White House official said Obama was calling world leaders during the meeting.
"He's been on the phone with foreign leaders and receiving briefings and updates from his nat-sec team between calls," the official said.
Vice President Biden attended the NSC meeting via teleconference. Biden is in Phoenix, Ariz., this weekend.
On Friday, Obama issued a stern warning to Russian President Vladimir Putin over the potential for Russian incursions into Ukrainian territory.
The White House promised further information from the NSC meeting Saturday.
"The president's national security team met today to receive an update on the situation in Ukraine and discuss potential policy options," an official said. "We will provide further updates later this afternoon."
Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) garnered attention Thursday after he pursued what many saw as an odd line of questioning during former FBI Director James Comey's hearing before the Senate Intelligence Committee.
McCain appeared to conflate the FBI's ongoing investigation into Russian election meddling with the now-closed probe into Hillary Clinton's use of a private email server, prompting swift reaction on social media.
Top 3 awkward moments
3—When Feinstein called Comey “big and strong”
2—When McCain spoke
1—When ex-FBI head repeatedly said president lied — Dan Diamond (@ddiamond) June 8, 2017
McCain's incoherence would be *slightly* more understandable if he were wrestling w/new info. But Comey released his remarks 24 hrs ago. — Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) June 8, 2017
Watching #ComeyTestimony. Feeling better about the health of our democracy but concerned about the health of Sen. John McCain. — Tom Bergeron (@Tom_Bergeron) June 8, 2017
Crowd here at Duffy's now booing Sen. McCain. — Samantha-Jo Roth (@SamanthaJoRoth) June 8, 2017
A look at #McCain addressing the tough issues at the #ComeyHearing pic.twitter.com/AVkjCZQFq6 — Francis Maxwell (@francismmaxwell) June 8, 2017
Look at @DianneFeinstein's face while McCain was trying to make sense... pic.twitter.com/u581onKiCb — Girls Really Rule. (@girlsreallyrule) June 8, 2017
McCain asked about Comey's reasoning regarding the end of the FBI probe into Clinton's email server, and asked the ex-FBI head to compare his conclusions about the Clinton email investigation to the probe into Russian election meddling.
ADVERTISEMENT
Comey said the difference was the Russia investigation was on-going and the Clinton investigation wrapped up in June.
“You're gonna have to help me out here,” the senator said. “I think it's hard to reconcile, in one case you reach a complete conclusion, and on the other side you have not. I think that's a double standard there, to tell you the truth.”
McCain's line of questioning came as surprise to many watching the hearing, given his hawkish stance on Russia and his harsh criticism of the president.
Shortly after the hearing wrapped up McCain appeared on CNN to clarify his line of questioning.
He also released a statment that said, “I get the sense from Twitter that my line of questioning today went over people's heads. Maybe going forward I shouldn't stay up late watching the Diamondbacks night games."
“What I was trying to get at was whether Mr. Comey believes that any of his interactions with the President rise to the level of obstruction of justice," he added.
While Elsa and Doug face the aftermath of their marriage crisis and Casey tries to adjust to her new school, Sam prepares for life after graduation.
1. Juiced! 30m Sam's frustration at being unable to find a therapist and Casey's anxiety about going to a new school spark a blowup between the two.
2. Penguin Cam and Chill 29m Casey feels less than welcome at Clayton. Sam asks Paige to spell out the rules of their "casual relationship," while Doug sets boundaries with Elsa.
3. Little Dude and the Lion 30m A peer group meeting leads Sam to an important decision. Detention with Izzie shows Casey they have more in common than she thought.
4. Pants on Fire 32m Zahid teaches Sam to lie, while Elsa practices being honest. Evan helps Casey get over an embarrassment. A doctor visit forces Julia out of denial.
5. The Egg Is Pipping 30m In peer group, Sam realizes he needs to manage his own money. Doug gets advice from Megan on dealing with Elsa. Evan meets Casey's new friends.
6. In the Dragon's Lair 29m To prepare for college life, Sam sleeps over at Zahid's. Sam's $700 loss reunites Doug and Elsa with Arlo's parents, former friends of theirs.
7. The Smudging 31m Casey tells Izzie what Nate did. Sam tries to figure out which colleges to apply to. Doug discovers a need to educate first responders about autism.
8. Living at an Angle 26m Sam loses his portfolio for his art school application and panics. Megan gets flirty with Doug, who makes a decision about Elsa. Julia calls Miles.
9. Ritual-licious 30m Ignoring Casey's wishes, Elsa throws her a big birthday party, while Sam insists on following a decade-old birthday ritual. The bartender haunts Doug.
Justin Trudeau and his Liberal party have only achieved a fraction of the promises they made – 15.5 per cent – in their first year running the country.
That's 34 of 219, according to the non-partisan, citizen-driven site TrudeauMetre.ca. Another 29 per cent are in progress, while 55 per cent have either been broken (26 of 219) or not yet come to the fore (95 of 219).
Looking out for the middle class?
If there was a central plank in the Liberal election platform, tax relief for the so-called middle class was it.
Trudeau and his cabinet have checked off some big-ticket items, including introducing a new, tax-free Canada Child Benefit, cutting the “middle class” income tax bracket and introducing a new bracket for those earning more than $200,000.
READ MORE: Here's how much Trudeau's Canada Child Benefit will give you each month
While the government moved swiftly on adjusting the tax brackets, they broke their promise to ensure the changes would be revenue neutral. Instead, the changes are projected to cost $1.2 billion every year for five years.
WATCH: Jean Chrétien talks 1st anniversary of PM Trudeau, carbon tax, legalization of marijuana
Other promises broken since Oct. 19, 2015 run the gamut from social policies to economic policies and those for immigration and Indigenous people, where four of 15 promises have already been broken, according to TrudeauMetre.ca.
Suite of broken promises
During the campaign, Trudeau vowed to end the “discriminatory ban” preventing men who have sex with men from donating blood. Instead of ending the ban, however, the waiting period was decreased to one year from five years.
Health Minister Jane Philpott said in the spring that the government still has the “desire” and “commitment” to decrease the deferral period even more. Health Canada will invest $3 million toward researching how waiting times can be based on behaviours rather than sexual orientation.
On another front, Liberal candidates spent the epic 2015 campaign promising to welcome 25,000 Syrian refugees by the end of the calendar year. With only two and a half months between election day and the new year, though, the promise was always going to be difficult to fulfill. The Liberals eventually reached their target number at the end of February, almost two months later than promised.
Despite dedicating a lot of ink to the environment in their maiden budget, the Liberals allocated $5 billion over five years to green infrastructure instead of the promised $6 billion over four years. Another “green” campaign promise was to “phase out subsidies for the fossil fuel industry over the medium-term.” Instead, the budget locked in one recent liquefied natural gas subsidy until 2025.
Pledging to First Nations
Voters were also led to believe throughout the campaign the Liberals would invest $50 million per year into the Post Secondary Education Support Program, which provides financial aid to First Nations and Inuit students in university or college. The March budget made no such provision.
In the indigenous file, however, the Liberals made good on a number of pledges. They launched a national inquiry into missing and murdered indigenous women, have earmarked $969.4 million over five years for First Nations education infrastructure and inked a deal with the Manitoba and Winnipeg governments to fund an all-weather road connecting the Shoal Lake 40 First Nation community to the mainland.
Still waiting on the health-care file
For many voters, health care is a top determinant in deciding how to vote. Provincial governments are in charge of providing health care, but Ottawa transfers tens of billions in funding to the provinces and territories every year.
During the 2015 election campaign, Trudeau promised “an immediate commitment” of $3 billion over four years to help bolster home care, including palliative care. That money was not included in the Liberal's 2016 budget.
WATCH: Mulcair calls Trudeau's 1st year as PM more about image than substance
As recently as this month, Philpott, the federal health minister, said that envelope of funding remains a priority and should include mental-health services, affordable prescription drugs, innovation and indigenous health – also holdbacks from the last campaign.
Philpott has told the provinces they can expect the funding in the next federal budget – but only if provincial and territorial leaders commit to spend it on home care.
WATCH: Evaluating Trudeau's first year in power. Tom Clark explains.
The Liberal government sent this statement defending the track record to Global News:
“Canadians elected a new government offering a new approach to politics and concrete measures to strengthen the economy and grow the middle class. Immediately after taking office, we implemented a tax cut for millions of Canadians and asked the wealthiest one percent to pay more so that Canadians in the middle class, and those working hard to join it, could pay less. We also implemented a new Canada Child Benefit which provides more money to nine out of 10 families in this country. Our government's first budget invests more in infrastructure than the previous government invested in five years combined. Our budget also committed historic levels of funding to close the gap with Indigenous communities across Canada. We achieved a ground-breaking consensus with the provinces and territories to strengthen the Canada Pension Plan for future generations, and recently announced a comprehensive plan to put a price on carbon pollution that will not only reduce emissions, but pave the way to a low-carbon economy and many new exciting job opportunities for the middle class. We remain committed to achieving real progress on these and other priorities, and we will continue to work hard to deliver on the promises we made to Canadians.”
Other big promises kept:
Restoring the long-form census
‘Unmuzzling' government scientists
Creating an independent advisory committee for new Senate appointments
Ending the Canadian bombing mission against the so-called Islamic State
Other broken promises:
Not exceeding deficits of $10 billion over the next three years (the deficit for the coming year alone is set to top $29 billion)
Reducing the small business tax rate
Increasing funding for Telefilm Canada and the National Film Board, with a new investment totalling $25 million each year
Immediately launching an open and transparent competition to replace the CF-18 fighter aircraft, and not considering the F-35 as an option
With files from The Canadian Press
CLOSE The Indianapolis Colts play their finale versus the Houston Texans at home Sunday. Clark Wade/IndyStar
Aug 31, 2017; Orchard Park, NY, USA; Detroit Lions quarterback Brad Kaaya (8) looks to make a pass during the second half against the Buffalo Bills at New Era Field. Buffalo beats Detroit 27 to 17. Mandatory Credit: Timothy T. Ludwig-USA TODAY Sports (Photo: Timothy T. Ludwig, Timothy T. Ludwig-USA TODAY Sports)
INDIANAPOLIS – The roster turnover continues for the Indianapolis Colts, and the latest change has brought them an interesting prospect at a key position.
The Colts signed rookie quarterback Brad Kaaya off the Detroit Lions' practice squad on Wednesday, giving him the spot once occupied by cornerback Rashaan Melvin, who was moved to injured reserve (hand).
Kaaya, the Lions' sixth-round pick this year from Miami (Fla.), gives the Colts a quarterback they can continue to evaluate and develop through the offseason, potentially putting him in contention to be on the roster with Andrew Luck and Jacoby Brissett next year. The Colts kept a third quarterback, Phillip Walker, on their practice squad throughout the 2017 season.
Kaaya could have elected to stay in Detroit, which likely would have kept him on through the offseason heading into training camp 2018. But Kaaya is taking a chance on the Colts based on the feedback he got from General Manager Chris Ballard and Vice President of Player Personnel Rex Hogan.
“From what my agent told me from (his conversations) with Chris Ballard and Rex, they were saying some pretty good things and it was an opportunity for me to continue my development,” Kaaya said, “and, if I hold up my end of the bargain, do my best to make the team.”
That's a clear reference to 2018, meaning this isn't some one-week tryout for Kaaya. The Colts had an eye on him prior to the draft -- Kaaya said he was in regular contact with quarterbacks coach Brian Schottenheimer back in the spring -- and Ballard has shown he will make an effort to acquire players he once had an affinity for.
Kaaya, who spent six weeks on active rosters this season in Carolina and Detroit, said he's learned quite a bit from bouncing between cities in 2017. The Colts will be his third team this year.
“It's been a true taste of the NFL,” Kaaya said. “I think it's prepared me and I think helped me mature real fast.”
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Follow Colts Insider Stephen Holder on Twitter: @HolderStephen.
More:
Jim Irsay asked Colts fans if they want the roof open on Sunday. He got absolutely roasted.
Where the Colts will pick in the 2018 NFL Draft
Colt thumbs up, thumbs down: Sheard is a menace for Ravens
Love our Colts coverage? Download the free INSports app
“On quick notice, we didn't bring any so-called stars along ― we didn't need them,” Trump told the crowd at a rally in Reno on Saturday. “The reason Hillary has to do that is, nobody comes for her. She can't fill a room.”
“That's almost like a form of cheating, right?” Trump added.
It is not cheating to have a celebrity appear at a rally or campaign on a politician's behalf. In fact, celebrities stump for politicians all the time.
Trump actually had a once-famous face ― “Saturday Night Live” alum Joe Piscopo ― introduce him at a rally earlier Saturday. He is scheduled to have shock rocker Ted Nugent join him at a rally in Michigan on Sunday. He also had several (sort of) famous names speak on his behalf at this year's Republican National Convention, including actors Scott Baio and Antonio Sabato Jr.
Trump, who once said he thinks he can grab women “by the pussy” because of his fame, had previously criticized Beyoncé and Jay-Z's appearance for Clinton, saying he has a problem with the language Jay-Z uses in his music.
With less than 48 hours to go before Election Day, talk of the usually reliable red state of Montana going Obama is being seen as a real possibility.
Both CNN and NBC have moved the Big Sky state from leaning McCain to toss-up.
Yee-haw
This isn't the first time Montana has been in the news this election cycle.
You'll remember Montana Governor Brian Schweitzer was the surprise hit of the Democratic National Convention two months ago. The Governor electrified the crowd causing the networks -- which normally ignore whom they consider b-listers -- to stop their blabbering pundits to carry the high-spirited speech.
“We need all of you to stand up,” he yelled. “Colorado! Stand up! Florida! Stand up! Pennsylvania! Get off your hind end! In the cheap seats! Stand up! We want to hear you from Denver to Detroit, from Montana to Mississippi, from California to Carolinas.”
You want to talk about folksy? Montana's governor makes Sarah Palin sound like the Queen of England. (See one of his campaign ads below).
Obama leading
Regardless, the state's in play. A new CNN poll released on Friday shows Obama actually leading by a point.
"Montana's usually a reliably Republican state in presidential campaigns. It's been won by the Democrats only twice in the past half century. If you're a Republican and you're fighting for Montana in the last few days of the campaign, you're not in good shape," said CNN Senior Political Researcher Alan Silverleib.
Florida 2000
Get this. The Obama campaign has shipped 300 lawyers to the Big Sky state to assist with the election. What will they do? The Billings Gazette reports they will make sure that voters aren't "turned away or discouraged from voting."
Not only that but the Obama effort already "has 40 paid field directors, 14,000 volunteers and more than 60 'staging locations' statewide, where workers will coordinate a final get-out-the-vote push that began Friday and culminates Tuesday, Election Day."
"We are mounting a massive field effort to turn out voters, in a way that this state really hasn't seen before," said Caleb Weaver, an Obama spokesman.
Obama win
With Montana moving to toss-up status, CNN says if the election were held today, Obama would win with 291 electoral votes. A candidate needs only 270 to win.
If Obama were to grab Montana, part of the credit would go to Texas congressman Ron Paul. He's on the ballot representing the Constitutional party. And he's polling at four percent of the vote.
This has caused the Republican National Committee to dump $300,000 to $400,000 to stop the state from turning blue.
McCain needs more
But even if Montana and the rest of the toss-ups go McCain it's not enough. That's why you see McCain and Palin practically living in Pennsylvania.
As NBC's Chuck Todd explained to Tom Brokaw this morning, if McCain gets all the toss-ups as they currently stand (Indiana, North Dakota, Missouri, Montana, North Carolina, Ohio, Florida, and Nevada), that totals only 252 electoral votes. Pennsylvania is his path to crossing the 270 threshold.
But, it's still not that easy. As Todd explains, if Nevada goes Obama (which is where the state currently leans), McCain's got to get New Hampshire.
"[Pennsylvania and New Hampshire] is the only path he's got left," Todd said. "They know this and that's why they had to figure out how to put Pennsylvania back in play. We don't know if it really is. We know he's spending a lot of time there and they had to figure out if New Hampshire, a state that's been incredibly kind to McCain's political career in the past, to see if it can resurrect him one more time."
Where's John McCain today? Campaigning in Pennsylvania and New Hampshire.
Though the headlines were picked up by the flashy offense that the Rapids utilized at the end of 2013, an offense that featured Deshorn Brown, Gabriel Torres and Vicente Sanchez, it was the midfield and defense that carried the Rapids through most of the season. Specifically, it was the midfield three that turned the Rapids from a team that couldn't possess the ball outside of the defense into a team that had a wonderful propensity to hold the ball much farther up the park, helping to assist to launch the offense in their quick attacks.
MLS put out a look at the most accurate passers in the league today, and it's to the surprise of nobody that Colorado's main midfield trio were all represented in the Top 50. The three Rapids in the list and their passing accuracy percentages were:
15. Nathan Sturgis 85.17
19. Hendry Thomas 84.46
41. Dillon Powers 81.44
Funny enough, the only other Rapid to be mentioned in the article was Drew Moor, who had the unfortunate title of 'Most passes failed in own half' with 90.
× Sardis Man Arrested in MS Highway Murders
(Tunica County, MS) 28-year-old James Willie of Sardis, Mississippi faces charges in the killings of two people in North Mississippi.
Information from the Mississippi Bureau of Investigation follows:
The Mississippi Highway Patrol's Bureau of Investigation, along with the Tunica Police Department and the Tunica County Sheriff's office, has charged a man in connection with the north Mississippi highway murders.
“Hundreds of man hours have been devoted to tracking down and arresting this individual,” Gov. Phil Bryant said. “Public safety is of paramount concern to us. Just as a week ago, with the resolution of the kidnap/murder case in north Mississippi, again we see the effective results of a unified effort of several law enforcement agencies working together.”
James D. Willie, 28, of Sardis, Mississippi was arrested at 9:00 a.m. Tuesday, May 15th. Tunica police responded to a reported disturbance at 2661 Old Highway 61. Authorities found Willie with a woman who alleged he had raped her and he was taken into custody.
At the time of his arrest, a Ruger 9mm, semi-automatic handgun was found in Mr. Willie's possession. It was determined after a testing by state Crime Lab scientists, the weapon matched the weapon used in two murders in northwest Mississippi last week.
Tuesday, May 8th, Thomas K. Schlender, 74, of Raymond, Nebraska was found in his 1999 Ford F-150 pick-up truck in the median of southbound Interstate 55 shortly after 1:30 a.m. Friday, May 11th at about 2:15 a.m., Lori Anne Carswell, 48, of Hernando was found beside her 1997 Pontiac Grand Am. The car was on the shoulder of MS 713.
Schlender's car was found in the median of Interstate 55 near the Pope exit in Panola County and Carswell's car was located in Tunica County near the intersection of MS713 and Interstate 69.
“The Bureau of Investigation and Crime Laboratory dedicated all resources available to this investigation,” said Public Safety Commissioner Albert Santa Cruz. “Our citizens have been terrorized by these murders and we worked tirelessly to resolve them.”
Click HERE for complete coverage of this story
Toronto city council is asking the province to outlaw texting while walking across a street or otherwise walking on a roadway.
“There is a fine for texting and driving. But there isn't for texting and walking on a roadway,” said Counc. Frances Nunziata, who moved a motion advocating the ban.
“And I don't know if members of council have experienced this, but especially downtown, when you're driving and you've got a green light or a red light and a pedestrian is in the middle of the roadway, texting, and won't move … in my opinion that's a safety issue.
“If you're texting and driving, and texting and walking across an intersection, in my opinion it's the same,” she said.
The motion, which passed 26-15, calls on the provincial Minister of Transportation to amend the Highway Traffic Act to permit the fining of distracted pedestrians.
Tina Fey has always been on the forefront of progressive comedy. 30 Rock was about a woman trying to have it all in a man's world and slowly rising to power within that space. The first season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt told the twinned stories of women escaping from patriarchy in the most explicit ways: Ellie Kemper as the titular character, the victim of a kidnapping preacher who kept her in a basement, and Jane Krakowski as Jacqueline Voorhees, a Manhattan socialite trying to please her outrageously wealthy husband. "Females are strong as hell," the theme song declares.
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt's second season has now taken the next step. It is a show without any straight white males—or rather, in the first six episodes, only three SWMs appear, and only momentarily: one as an auctioneer, another as a boy toy, and the third as the traditional rich man in New York club. Almost every last scene passes the Bechdel test. While the first season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt was anti-patriarchal, the second season is post-patriarchal.
The good news is that it's still very funny. For decades—for a generation, really—the fundamental assumption about comedy has been that it had to be offensive; it had to violate the norms of society. Only by stripping away the proprieties of polite society—and running deep into the racist, sexist, and homophobic underbelly of the psyche—could it be truly funny. That was how you made comedy that was "edgy," that wasn't just, you know, Bill Cosby telling stories about his kids.
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt has always played around the edge of political correctness just like Fey's previous sitcom, subverting and supporting it simultaneously. Titus Andromedon revels in a whole range of gay stereotypes for comic effect but then can switch to straight political satire. Perhaps the funniest bit of the last season of Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt was when Titus discovered that he was less scary dressed as a werewolf than when he walked down the street as a black man.
Netflix
Season Two goes back and forth between these two modes of social commentary. When Titus stars in a one-man play as a geisha, the politically correct response is a hilarious parody of Internet outrage. If you freeze the screen, which is something you sometimes have to do with Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, you can read the commentary on a site devoted to "Respectful Asian Portrayals in Entertainment." (Spell it out.) "Has anyone else seen these posters for 'Kimono You Didn't' uptown?" one commenter says. "Some guy is dressing up like a geisha and it's super racist! This is exactly the kind of thing that our community should be mobilizing against. Also, anyone else knows a good place to get my dog's nails trimmed?" A later commentator points out, "As my mother-in-law always said, and I quote, 'There's no excuse for rudeness.'"
Titus, of course, becomes quickly obsessed with the social media outrage machinery. "I was one of their top five Hitlers!" he screams. "Hitler wasn't even on the list." When confronted by a group of protestors from R.A.P.E., Kimmy notices a white guy among them, who announces, "I'm transracial, you dumb dick." After the group has been pacified by a beautiful performance, they sit around wondering, "What do we do now that we can't feel offended?" And one of their members, in confusion, confesses, "Yeah, it's weird. It's like I can't breathe. Wait a minute? I can't say that. I offended myself." Then she is taken up to heaven in a flash of white light.
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt reframes comic edginess. For one thing, it has always combined a kind of dirty-minded gross-out humor—references to foot fetishism and using gas station bathrooms and last names reflecting family histories of bestiality—with the almost cloying sweetness of Kimmy herself. She is the kind of naif drifting through modernity that has been a comic subject since, at the very least, Voltaire's Candide. But the show also uses a kind of 360-degree satire that humiliates and supports everybody. It is refreshingly humanizing. Tina Fey has figured this out: In 2016, niceness is the one truly revolutionary act.
An eagle-eyed NeoGAF user has noticed that some Nintendo patent applications were recently published, and they make for quite fascinating reading as they are related to the mysterious QOL (Quality Of Life) project. We know that an early project in this new range of products will be a sleep sensor, but beyond that little has been shared so far.
In terms of the patent applications only the abstracts are in English but just by looking at the diagrams you can get the general feel for what the patent application is all about.
From what we can tell looking at the patent applications, it appears various sensors and inputs would be used such as a camera, microphone and Balance Board in order to get information about the user such as their weight and pulse, in addition to environmental factors such as temperature and humidity. This combined information would be used to generate an overall QOL score.
Here are some interesting snippets from the applications:
WIPO Patent Application WO/2015/107747
This information processing system comprises a portable terminal. The portable terminal detects sensor information for assessing a user's emotions. It would be permissible, as an example, for the sensor information to be sound information which is detected by a microphone, or image information which is captured by a camera. The information processing system assesses the user's emotions on the basis of the sensor information. The portable terminal detects the sensor information in a period when the said portable terminal is in a standby state. As an example, the said standby state is a state wherein a display of the portable terminal is off.
Pictured below is a docking station which appears to have a projector, an interesting inclusion in the unit.
WIPO Patent Application WO/2015/107746
This display system is provided with a sensor, a projector, and a control means. The sensor detects user information for calculating a state relating to sleep of a user. The user information is, for instance, biological information, such as pulse rate. The projector displays, by means of projection, a predetermined image. For instance, the projector displays, by means of projection, an image on a ceiling by projecting the image upward. The control means controls the projector corresponding to the sleep-related state calculated on the basis of the user information.
WIPO Patent Application WO/2015/107681
A terminal system acquires physiological information from a user and transmits transmission information to a server system, said transmission information including the physiological information and/or health information relating to the health or the body of the user, obtained from said physiological information. The server system associates the transmission information received from each terminal system, and/or information obtained from said transmission information, with the user, and stores these as stored information. The server system also stores conditions relating to the generation of provided information, to be provided to the user in order to improve metrics obtained from the stored information, or metrics included in the stored information. The provided information is generated on the basis of the stored information and the conditions, and is transmitted to the user's terminal. The server system performs an analysis of transmission information acquired after the provided information has been provided, for a plurality of users that have received the provided information, and updates the conditions on the basis of the analysis results.
The rest of the applications can be found here:
Of course it is important to remember that patent applications only try to protect the intended functionality of a device, and the end result that hits the shops one day in the future is likely to be radically different due to cost factors, focus groups etc. But it still gives us a really interesting insight into where Nintendo is going with the QOL platform, which should be revealed formally in the next 12 months.
What do you think of these revelations? Are you looking forward to this majestic sleep tracking device, or are you comfortable with your quality of life as it currently stands?
Share !
It's here, tributes! The first poster for The Hunger Games: Mockingjay Part 1 truly featuring Katniss, our girl on fire! The poster, which shows Katniss in the military fatigues we see her wearing in District 8, along with the mysterious black mockingjay pin, is the first and apparently only poster with Katniss' face.
While opinions will likely differ as we discuss this, it appears to be the same suit as the “Batniss” poster. However, since we spent the majority of the Katniss footage in the #OLTM looking at Katniss' back, which didn't have any wings, Carla suspects it's the same suit, but that the black wings are simply fancy Cinna-designed shoulder pads for studio propos, not for practical use in the field.
What do you think of the poster?
"Trump thinks he can win votes by fanning the flames of fear and hatred. By turning neighbor against neighbor. By persuading you that the real problem in America is your fellow Americans — people who don't look like you, or don't talk like you, or don't worship like you," Warren said at the Wells Fargo Center.
"That's Donald Trump's America. An America of fear and hate. An America where we all break apart. Whites against blacks and Latinos. Christians against Muslims and Jews. Straight against gay. Everyone against immigrants. Race, religion, heritage, gender — the more factions the better."
A favorite of progressive Democrats and fervent critic of Wall Street excesses, Warren attracts supporters similar to those drawn to Sen.Bernie Sanders. Speculation swirled around Warren as a possible vice presidential pick to assuage Sanders primary voters. Clinton eventually chose a more moderate pick, Sen. Tim Kaine of Virginia.
Warren endorsed Clinton on Monday, repeating the campaign slogan "I'm with her." She specifically highlighted Clinton's ideas on income inequality, climate change and wage equality, among other issues.
Warren's remarks followed some resistance to Clinton's expected nomination from both pro-Sanders delegates and thousands of protesters here. Some in the crowd shouted and chanted during Warren's speech even as she turned the heat on the bombastic Trump.
Warren contended that Trump only looks out for his own interests and will not fix a "rigged system." She said he "must never be president of the United States," to standing applause in pockets of the arena.
Warren criticized Trump for wanting to roll back regulations on the financial industry and cut taxes across the board. Warren argued that he has "no plans to make anything great for anyone except rich guys like Donald Trump."
"Trump's entire campaign is just one more late night Trump infomercial," Warren said to laughter.
Trump responded to Warren's speech on Twitter, saying she "just misrepresented me."
Searching on Google can be a magical experience once you find out how to make your search queries efficient. By making efficient I mean using some tricks or the cheat sheet provided by Google itself to quickly find what you actually require. Having being hooked onto Google for a long time now, I have come across some amazing search tricks which can change the way you look at Google today.
In this article I will list down the search tricks which I use quite frequently. Be it finding time, meanings or watching the cricket score, searching PDF's, with Google as the search engine life cannot be simpler. Here are the 10 most amazing Google Search tricks:
1. Different Types of Files at your will
How many times would you have asked for materials (PDF, PPT, DOC) for a particular topic from a friend? Its almost everyday that we might have the necessity to ask them either for knowledge, preparing a presentation, white-paper or for case studies. Such times it mostly difficult to look out what to exactly search for because most of the time you don't know about the topic at hand. But this petty keyword unleashes its lethal power at such occasions.
Let's say I want to implement a case study on SOA which means I have to read a lot of information for SOA. So I just have to find materials which might have already been uploaded on the web in the form of PDF's, DOC's or PPT's. These materials can be easily obtained by doing a search for:
2. Scholarly Search
If you want some authenticity of the materials then it would be better to find the materials from educational institutes or universities. For this use the Google Scholar search. But suppose you don't like to switch to Google scholar search you can add the same query with an additional parameter to the normal Google search box,
3. Meanings of any word in an instant
Now you do not have to carry a dictionary or install a dictionary software just for the purpose of finding out a meaning of a word. With the wealth of information in Google's hands, its a piece of cake to find out the meaning of the word. Just use to define: keyword. The meaning would of course be displayed but also a set of other links which might have an alternative definition are also given out with the link to read more about it.
You would argue here that, a dicitionary gives out more information than this. But what about words that don't actually fall within the vocabulary. Suppose you want to know what SOA (Service Oriented Architecture) is then you would have no choice. Google Search comes to your rescue in this case,
4. Find the time of any location
Many of us might be probably working for client which are based at different locations. And communication has to be carried out frequently carried out in such cases. But before a communication you have to know which time zones the location is falling into otherwise you would be causing a disturbance.
I have seen people installing time zone software for showing the time of the location they would be calling to. But with Google at your hands you don't have to install any software. It would be just simple to use a query for finding the current time such as,
psst….look closely the time on the little clock graphic. It also shows the perfect time!
5. Weather at your fingertips
I had been to GOA for a Christmas vacation in the last week of December. But I made a mistake of not finding out the temperature of GOA before leaving. Had I known that it is hot even in the winter I would not have made the mistake of carrying additional luggage consisting of blankets and jackets.
If you are thinking to visit a place it is useful to know what the temperature of the place is before hand, it can make efficient packing. Google helps you here too. Just use this query without asking anybody or waiting for the news to make a weather report. I wish I had thought of this!
6. Google does live commentary too!
Indians are cricket fanatics. But It's amusing to see the organizations here trying to put together tactics to devoid cricket lovers from wasting time to watch the cricket scores instead of doing their work. What I think they fail to understand is that by blocking the live cricket scoring sites they are actually making the employees more curios and provoking them to hunt for proxy networks or listen to the radio or chat with their friends elsewhere.
Jokes apart, you actually don't need proxy networks to view the live cricket scores if you at least have access to Google. If you want to find the latest info about all the cricket matches then just type,
But if you want to find out only about a particular match then use only the names of the two playing nations,
Remember that the scorecard will come only when the play is going on.
7. Calculate with your browser
Every OS has a calculator inbuilt but when the browser is the thing which is constantly open whey bother to open up a calculator. Open Google and straight away type your mathematical expression. You can go all the way from basic arithmetic to trigonometrical expressions. This is simply amazing stuff accomplished by Google.
8. Compare your currency with others
Now that the dollar is declining, the rest of the world must be busy trying to check the impact of the dollar on their currencies. But first of all one must know how much a particular currency amounts to when cashed in another currency. Google's inbuilt currency converter just does this.
9. Keep track of the stocks
With the booming stock market it is very important to track the stocks on a day-to-day basis. Putting a stock ticker in the search box is the most obvious thing you would think of. But it is not always you would remember the stock ticker, you should add the keyword “stocks:” to the company name.
The best part of the obtained result is that it provides a chart which shows the trend in the company's stock along with important statistics.
Note: Currently the results are restricted to the companies listed in the US stock markets.
10. Wanna find some faces?
This is the most interesting trick. You might be needing images for various occasions and searching for images is the most difficult thing because what we expect might not be possibly mapped to a query. But Google has a parameter in place for images in situations we need an image which describes a face.
Suppose I search for the term “happy” then the Google results page displays smileys. But I would like to use images of happy people. Even if I choose the term as “happy face” the results don't show images which contain people. For this there is a parameter “imgtype” which you can use with the URL. For this put in the URL as follows:
There are many more variations which can be bought about with the above tricks thus making your search experience not only enriching but also exciting. If I have missed any tricks of common usage, feel free to mention it.
Update 1: Google keeps on experimenting new ways of searching. If you liked the above tricks then don't miss out my article which mentions how to use the new search experiments introduced by Google. Believe me, they are brilliant!
Update 2 : Search for your favorite movie information with Google and enjoy it even more. Have fun with the 5 Most Fantastic Movie Search Tricks With Google.
Update 3 : Why not carry out the search for exactly what we are looking for? Get excited for trying out 5 Most Exciting Search Tricks with Google Operators
Last week Lucas Perez made it clear that he wants to leave Arsenal due to a lack of playing time.
The Spaniard looked a decent player when we saw him last season, but failed to convince Arsene Wenger he was worth anything more than a bit-part role.
Almost as soon as the campaign was over, his agent signalled his desire for a transfer, saying, “The idea is to be able to play for another club. We want to leave and Arsenal already know.
“Do you know anyone who is happy but has no opportunities?”
His former club, Deportivo la Coruña, were said to be interested but given their finances it was suggested a loan move might be their play.
However, it's emerged that Arsenal are unwilling to sanction any loan deal and are looking for a fee of around £14m for the 28 year old.
Informa @jmolivacope: El Arsenal no quiere ceder a Lucas Pérez, quiere venderle y ha tasado al jugador en unos 14 millones de euros. pic.twitter.com/nqUQfaSQ8H — El Partidazo de COPE (@partidazocope) June 8, 2017
There are apparently suitors in England, with West Ham said to be interested, along with Everton – the club Perez was about to sign for before we swooped in with our late August bid.
Correction: Headline changed to €14m from £14m as originally published.
The Turnbull government will once again take the plebiscite option to the Senate, but is ready to pursue a postal vote as a backup plan.
The Liberals decided to stick with their policy of a plebiscite on same-sex marriage at a special meeting last night, out-voting a group of seven pro-reform Liberals that included Warren Entsch.
The government also formulated a backup plan for the public vote to be held through the postal system if the Senate blocks the original bill again, as it did in November last year.
“I've got serious reservations about a postal plebiscite,” Mr Entsch said.
“If I'm not happy with the integrity of the process... I also reserve my right to be able to introduce a bill.”
Chief among those reservations is a threatened legal challenge. Same-sex marriage advocates have received legal advice that the postal vote may be unconstitutional, because the parliament has not voted to set aside the money to pay for it.
Mr Entsch said he was worried about voter turnout and representation, particularly for those in remote or rural communities, and young people who may be unfamiliar with the postal system.
Finance minister Mathias Cormann reaffirmed the postal plebiscite was the government's backup plan.
“We're very confident that we have a legal and constitutional way forward to give the Australian people a say through a non-legislated postal plebiscite, yes,” Mr Cormann told reporters on Tuesday.
“If the answer is yes, the government will be facilitating consideration by the parliament of a private members bill to change the law to allow same-sex couples to marry.”
Mr Entsch said he was happy for the government to go through the process. “Good luck to them,” he said.
“I would like to have as many of my colleagues standing beside me when this vote is made.”
Labor has slammed the postal idea, with opposition leader Bill Shorten calling it a "colossal waste of time and money."
"There's a constitutional question over whether or not this postal opinion poll is even legitimate," Mr Shorten said.
"Why is it that the Liberal party spend all their agility and innovation on working out ways to delay marriage equality? I wish they'd put the same effort into electricity prices, I wish they'd put the same effort into sorting the banks out."
0:00 Mathias Cormann on party room same-sex marriage vote 00:00 / 00:00 Share Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook
Original plebiscite unlikely to pass as Xenophon, Lambie maintain opposition
The Coalition plans to get the original plebiscite before the Senate again before the week is out.
It is hoping some members of the crossbench, who were crucial in blocking the bill last year, will change their minds.
“We want to demonstrate to the Australian people that we honour our election commitment,” Dan Tehan, a Turnbull Government frontbencher, told ABC Radio on Tuesday morning.
But it is unlikely the bill will pass the Senate, as none of those who voted against it – including Labor, the Greens, and the Nick Xenophon bloc of three – have publically changed their minds.
Related Marriage equality backers vow to block postal plebiscite ahead of Liberal meeting
“Australians get two votes when they go to the polls. They get a vote for the lower house and the upper house. There are two mandates, and our mandate is to have this determined by the Parliament,” Nick Xenophon said.
Mr Entsch said he expected the plebiscite to be defeated again.
“I've got no doubt at all that it's highly unlikely that will get through,” Warren Entsch, who was among the rebel Liberal MPs urging a free vote in the parliament.
Tasmanian crossbench senator Jacqui Lambie, who voted in favour of the plebscite last November, said she would not support a postal vote.
"Turnbull told voters he believed it was critical for everyone to have their say on any proposed change to the Marriage Act - and I agree," Senator Lambie wrote in a statement.
"A postal vote doesn't guarantee that. It's a deeply compromised position from a deeply compromised prime minister."
Senator Lambie said she held Malcolm Turnbull to account for failing to pass the original plebiscite, saying it showed "how poor" the government's negotations with the crossbench had been.
July 8, 2014 at 6:58 AM
It's time to “free the weed,” Cannabis City owner James Lathrop said before opening the doors to Seattle's first pot store shortly after noon.
The weed isn't free, of course. It's going for about $20 a gram. But there are plenty of buyers ready, including some notables such as Seattle City Attorney Pete Holmes and Alison Holcomb, author of the state's legal pot law.
“Today marijuana sales became legal and I'm here to personally exercise that new freedom,” Holmes said.
Then the crowd started a countdown to “high noon,” though the store officially opened a few minutes later.
They aren't the first buyers in the state — two stores opened at 8 a.m., including Top Shelf Cannabis in Bellingham.
Cale Holdsworth and Sarah Gorton of Kansas, who arrived about 4 a.m., were first in line there to buy a portion of the store's 20-plus pounds of pot that was delivered earlier in the morning. By the time the store opened, dozens of others had joined them in line.
Store owners initially planned to sell their more-than-20 pounds of pot two grams at a time, but this morning, citing fewer people than expected, said they would allow people to buy up to an ounce, the maximum allowed under the law. A second Bellingham store had to delay its planned Tuesday morning opening late Monday because of supply issues.
In dry heat steadily climbing to a high of 101, scores of customers waited outside Altitude in Prosser for their first legal purchase.
Manager Tim Thompson and his team of 18 employees passed out water to the crowd, which began lining up around 5 a.m.
“We're grateful to have them and keep them hydrated,” Thompson said.
Sixty customers and an hour and a half after Altitude's doors opened at 8 a.m., the grapefruit strain was sold out, and their querkle, a hybrid indica-sativa, was almost sold out.
Altitude expects to receive new shipments every day from Fireweed Farms in Prosser.
The store will remain open until noon today and will be open the rest of the week from 3 p.m. to 7 p.m.
“We're doing soft openings just for this week and just to get our employees adjusted and get supplies and everything up to date,” Thompson said.
Cannabis City, meanwhile, held a a ribbon-cutting ceremony at 11:30. The line outside the Sodo shop started forming Monday afternoon.
First in line was Deborah Greene, a 65-year-old grandmother who arrived Monday afternoon with a trenta black iced tea lemonade from Starbucks, a roast beef sandwich, chips, a folding chair and a sleeping bag.
Greene, who is retired from the insurance industry, decided on a whim to wait in line to witness history.
“My old supplier just texted me, said, ‘I saw you on TV. Now I know why you're not calling me,'” she said this morning.
Only five stores statewide are expected to open today; the other two are in Spokane and Kelso.
Spokane Green Leaf opened at 2 p.m., according to Inlander.
The Freedom Market's grand opening in Kelso has been postponed until at least 6 p.m., and employees have had to tell anxious crowds to come back later.
The Market expected its first shipment from Kouchlock Productions in Spokane at 11:30 a.m., according to manager Hollie Hillman.
She said she doesn't know why the shipment was delayed, but guessed that it was because there was a shortage of product. Kouchlock officials could not be reached for comment.
Hillman would not disclose how big the expected shipment was, describing it as a “limited quality.”
As of 4 p.m., a crowd of 50 had already lined up outside of Freedom Market, which will stay open until midnight — provided it opens today — and will reopen at 8 a.m. Wednesday.
For more information about the state's new legal pot market and for updates throughout the day, visit The Evergreen, The Seattle Times' new pot blog.
Times staff reporters Bob Young, Evan Bush, Colleen Wright and Andy Mannix contributed to this report.
A Supreme Court justice on Tuesday expressed major concerns that the government would engage in round-the-clock surveillance reminiscent of the totalitarian world of the George Orwell novel 1984 if the court ruled in the government's favor. The court heard oral arguments in the Jones case, in which the outcome will determine whether warrantless GPS tracking by law enforcement is an invasion of Fourth Amendment protection from unreasonable search and seizure. Justice Stephen Breyer questioned what a democratic society would look like if people believed the government was tracking them for days at a time. "If you win this case, then there is nothing to prevent the police or the government from monitoring 24 hours a day the public movement of every citizen of the United States," Breyer said. "So if you win, you suddenly produce what sounds like 1984 from their brief." – UK Telegraph
Dominant Social Theme: This great and free country might be lessened if this sort of electronic surveillance takes place.
Free-Market Analysis: You see? We've warned about this. They're all on crack and sometimes one or another of them lets go with a windy whistle of a statement that reveals how mindless they actually are. In this case, it's Justice Stephen Breyer opining that the US is in danger of severe authoritarianism if the government is allowed to engage in warrantless GPS tracking. Drug abuse is horrible thing.
OK, maybe we're kidding. Not all of them are on crack, or even crank, but we have our suspicions about Breyer. He's worried about totalitarianism coming to America? Where's he been the last 50 years? Oh, that's right, probably sitting on a "bench" somewhere. He hasn't noticed that the US has turned into USSR-Lite on his watch …
This is the problem with lawyering in general. It's an industry like any other, only it's an industry that ruins people's lives and inflicts grave injustices on them and their families every day. It's aided and abetted by the US law-enforcement industry and the penal industry.
Put it all together and you've got what we call the penitentiary-industrial complex. It's a huge business dealing in false accusations, occasional capital punishment and, increasingly, in slave labor. The billions and billions of dollars involved are blood-drenched. The goal:increased US centralization for purposes of slotting into the larger (pending) mural of world government.
Naturally, those who work in the business have their justifications. They are supporting "law and order." They are the "thin blue line" that society musters against the forces of anarchism. They are the reasonable men in black robes figuring out how to reasonably apply the increasingly insane, arbitrary and dangerous rulings that come down from the fedgov and Congress.
Breyer doesn't seem to realize that on his watch a kind of totalitarianism has already befallen the US. Or maybe (more likely) he does deep down, but he has the sense not to say it. It's part of a larger elite dominant social theme, of course. We're STILL free but we have to "watch out" or we'll lose those precious freedoms we've all got, not just in America but around the world. This is supposed to make people feel better.
But increasingly it doesn't. It's getting so bad that people are overcoming their fear and speaking up. Representatives of the US tourism industry, for instance, recently pointed out that US tourism was down about US$600 billion in the past decade. People have simply ceased to come to the US. They don't want to be intimidated, groped, questioned and perhaps incarcerated for further questioning. Bad way to start your day much less your vacation.
But that's TOURISTS. The citizens of the good ol' US don't have the option. Increasingly, when they travel somewhere – whether by plane or car – they're likely (at some point) going to end up in the hands of the authorities, being questioned. It's not quite the same routine as, "Where're your papers?" but it might as well be.
Even debtors prison is back. Don't pay your taxes, your alimony or even in some cases back bills and you can end up in prison. The justifications may be different but the result is the same. End up in jail. And keep your mouth shut while you're inside or you'll end up tasered or worse.
And as for snooping – well, the US is employing so many spooks in DC that the Washington Post ran an article not long ago claiming that the bureaucracy had no idea how many overlapping domestic and foreign spy agencies and spies it actually had. Phone tapping is rampant. Computers are spied upon routinely. Warrants are honored only in the breach.
People's ability to assemble is increasingly restricted. And now there's the Homeland Securities campaign, "See something, say something." This is where all authoritarian societies eventually arrive. Each individual spies on the other. No one knows whom to trust. Anybody and everybody can be a government operative.
It's part of a larger Orwellian evolution, of course, one that has to do with the phony war on terror itself. Al Qaeda was likely a creation of the CIA; meanwhile, there are considerable doubts that Osama bin Laden was killed in early May 2011. He is said to have died years ago.
And what about 9/11 itself? The Committee that looked into it has, in part, dissociated itself from its conclusions, claiming it was lied to serially by the CIA, FBI, Pentagon and the Bush administration. And speaking of the Bush administration, there's still no single good reason why the US invaded Iraq. All the justifications turned out to be lies.
These days there are more and more reports in the alternative 'Net media (the parts that haven't been penetrated) that the various Draconian events that are turning the US into a Gulag-Lite were in the planning stages BEFORE 9/11. And of course, then there's the not-ever-referred-to issue of why armed men were patrolling the halls of Congress during the initial vote for the Patriot Act. Seems a bit intimidating, no?
And so, Justice Breyer, we ask this question: What would you call a society where people have to present their "papers" when they move about from place to place, or where they will surely end up in jail if they don't pay their taxes, their bills or their alimony?
Where an unholy and unaccountable blizzard of federal regs make it increasingly impossible for one to start or own a business. Where a triple-layer of local, state and federal supervision makes it almost impossible for one to undertake ANY significant activity without a license.
Where people who say the wrong thing or mention the wrong word are likely to be fired from their jobs, or worse. Where justice is increasingly arbitrary. Where the police seem to be making it up as they go along. Where wealth buys "justice" and poverty spells incarceration.
Where the fear-based promotions of self-appointed elites are rampant, and if one doesn't subscribe to them one is apt to find himself or herself without a job, colleagues or even friends. Where the public schools are filled with the same lies and the children are made to recite them by rote before they can move ahead.
Where gold and silver are increasingly difficult to circulate and one is basically compelled to use money that has depreciated by 99 percent in the past century.
Where so much economic power has been centralized via laws and regulations that a handful of businesspeople and politicians can basically rule an entire country.
Where countless illegal wars are now being fought overseas that have claimed the lives of literally millions with more apparently being planned.
Where more and more young men and women join the armed forces because they have no employment opportunities and being in a shooting war seems a better option than a slow death of hope, going hungry on the street.
Where the president himself has been elected despite evidence that he is not the person he claims to be. (He won't open any of his records, so it is impossible to say, for sure.)
After Thoughts
What would you call this place, Justice Breyer? You are worried about a totalitarian state now? Now? NOW?
President Trump's son-in-law, Jared Kushner, and Vice President Pence both supported the decision to fire FBI Director James Comey James Brien ComeyExpect little closure on collusion 'Dear Attorney General Barr': Advice from insiders Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE, according to a report on Wednesday.
While the move took many by surprise in Washington, the report indicates that Pence and Kushner carried some weight on Trump's decision.
White House chief strategist Stephen Bannon and chief of staff Reince Priebus raised concerns about the timing of the decision to fire Comey, The New York Times reported.
According to the newspaper, Trump originally voiced his frustration with Comey to a small circle of his advisers, including Pence, Kushner, Bannon, Priebus and White House counsel Donald F. McGahn II.
ADVERTISEMENT
Despite the fact that Bannon and Priebus have been critical of the FBI in the past, they argued that dismissing Comey later would reduce the degree of public backlash, two people familiar with their thinking told the newspaper.
Trump's decision to oust the FBI director on Tuesday did prompt a wave of criticism from the Democrats who questioned the timing of the move.
Trump defended his decision to fire Comey, claiming that the public will thank him "when things calm down."
"Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington, Republican and Democrat alike. When things calm down, they will be thanking me!" he tweeted.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders on Wednesday pushed back on backlash, arguing that Trump has been considering removing Comey since the end of the 2016 election.
“The president … had lost confidence in Director Comey,” Sanders told reporters. “He'd been considering letting Director Comey go since the day he was elected.”
At the post Ultimate Fighter Finale press conference it was revealed that the large spot on Matt Hamill's back was staph infection. He also revealed that in the first round of his fight with Keith Jardine he broke his hand. And of course there was the nasty accidental eye poke in the second round that caused some blurry vision for Jardine.
For him to be able to compete for three rounds was impressive. For him to be able to win the fight despite all of these conditions is a testament to what a tough and talented fighter he is. And for him to be allowed into the cage with staph infection is a failure on the part of the Nevada State Athletic Commission.
From MMA Junkie:
"I have a staph infection," Hamill said. "I'll get put on antibiotics tomorrow."
Following the evening's press conference, Nevada State Athletic Commission executive director Keith Kizer told MMAjunkie.com (www.mmajunkie.com) that he was aware of Hamill's condition prior to the bout. Kizer said that a licensed doctor had viewed the wound on Friday. After weighing the potential risks to both Hamill and Jardine, the doctor cleared "The Hammer" to fight.
So Hamill had staph and was not yet on antibiotics and the NSAC decided that it was a good idea to let him fight? The doctor is aware of how incredibly contagious staph is, right?
Furthermore, it was not a situation that only impacted Jardine and Hamill. They were not the only ones fighting and once the mat became contaminated it would take serious disinfection measures to be safe for other fighters.
Someone at the NSAC has to explain exactly how these decisions were made and if Jardine, Court McGee or Kris McCray come down with an infection the commission should be held 100% responsible.
Photo of the infection after the jump...
via Esther Lin (MMA Fighting)
Image caption Bomb attacks still take place almost daily across most regions of Iraq
The number of civilians killed by violence in Iraq in the past year was the lowest since the 2003 US-led invasion, a rights group has said.
Iraq Body Count (IBC), which collates casualty reports, said deaths dropped by 15% from 2009 to just under 4,000.
It said two bombs exploded each day on average, each killing four people.
But the group warned the number may have reached an "impassable minimum", and that civilians were likely to die at a similar rate for years to come.
In its annual report, IBC said 3,976 people had died violently in Iraq over the past year, compared to 4,680 in 2009. Of the 2010 deaths, 66% were caused by insurgent bomb attacks.
The capital Baghdad and the northern city of Mosul were the worst affected areas.
"After nearly eight years, the security crisis in Iraq remains notable for its sheer relentlessness: 2010 averaged nearly two explosions a day by non-state forces that caused civilian deaths," IBC said.
"As well as occurring almost daily, these lethal explosions can happen almost anywhere, with 2010's attacks occurring in 13 of Iraq's 18 administrative regions."
'Persistent conflict'
IBC said that a marked fall in the rate of deaths after the US forces ended their combat mission on 31 August was "somewhat more hopeful".
The date was "followed by an immediate halving in the number of civilian deaths between August and September, and lowered levels have continued into the winter months", it said.
But while the number of deaths has continued to fall since a peak in 2006 and 2007, the rate of decline has also dropped, from 50% and 63% in previous years.
IBC said that while any reduction in the rate of violence was welcome, "the slowdown in reductions is indicative of an impassable minimum that may have been reached".
"Taken as a whole and seen in the context of immediately preceding years, the 2010 data suggest a persistent low-level conflict in Iraq that will continue to kill civilians at a similar rate for years to come."
A total of 4,470 coalition military personnel have died in Iraq since 2003.
The BBC's Jim Muir in Baghdad says that while no-one can claim to have wholly accurate figures on civilian deaths in Iraq, IBC has established itself as probably the most respected and quoted source on this very controversial issue.
Its annual review comes as a reminder, our correspondent adds, that while levels of violence have come down sharply, people are still being killed here every day.
IBC arrives at its figures by cross-checking media reports or body discoveries with eyewitness accounts and interview with officials and medical or morgue workers.
Overall, the group says 108,398 Iraqis have died in violence since 2003. The figures are much higher than those reported by the Iraqi government.
But IBC says an initial analysis of data in secret US military document released by Wikileaks indicate another 15,000 civilian deaths could be added to the count.
Other reports and surveys have resulted in a wide range of estimates of Iraqi deaths. The UN-backed Iraqi Family Health Survey estimated 151,000 violent deaths in the period March 2003 - June 2006.
Meanwhile, The Lancet journal in 2006 published an estimate of 654,965 excess Iraqi deaths related to the war of which 601,027 were caused by violence.
Both this and the Family Health Survey include deaths of Iraqi combatants as well as civilians.
How We Did It: Stable Tuition Four Years in a Row and Now a $1,000 Decrease
As the head of an “out of town” Modern Orthodox Jewish day school (although many consider Boca Raton, Florida, to be only “sort of” out of town) very similar to so many in the NY/NJ area, I closely follow the trends, successes and challenges of these fine institutions. Our school, the Katz Hillel Day School of Boca Raton, has learned so much from your local schools and this learning is bolstered by the fact that many of your administrators and teachers are my close, personal friends. So it is in the spirit of that partnership and ongoing collaboration that I would like to share about our recent accomplishment in the area of day-school affordability so that, perhaps, others can benefit.
It was at our annual school dinner this past January where we not only added the “Katz” name to our school in recognition of the long-time service and generosity of Daniel and Caroline Katz, but we announced that the full cost of tuition for grades K-8 would be dropping by $1,000 per child beginning with the 2017-18 school year, following four years without a tuition increase.
A strategic, multifaceted approach helped us achieve this milestone that should, ultimately, allow for more families to afford our Modern Orthodox education now and well into the future.
This would not have been possible without the following contributing factors:
Outstanding education is always the priority. We have developed a reputation for educational excellence in both Judaic and general studies that has brought new families to our school from throughout south Florida and from around the country. This provided a boost in enrollment well beyond the numbers we budgeted for, and this happened for several years in a row (our current numbers are above 500 students). Even with impressive increases in our numbers, we made sure to improve teacher/student ratios and added programs and services that directly benefited children. With discipline, we used the financial surplus to build up a significant reserve. Our program for students with special learning needs also helped boost enrollment by bringing in children from outside of our traditional catchment area.
Paid off the mortgage. Using some of the reserve we built up and with the help of a donor, we initiated a creative “burn the mortgage” campaign that incentivized parents to contribute, given the savings they would realize in the years to come. Getting rid of the payments on the $1.5 million mortgage allowed us to “give” that money back to our families by lowering tuition.
Improved overall business operations and adjusted financial aid policies. Through personnel enhancements in the business office and careful oversight by the school president and treasurer, we have kept expenses in check (below national averages), dramatically improved tuition collections (virtually eliminating bad debt) and adjusted financial aid policies that included tuition minimums for all families (barring extenuating circumstances). It is important to mention that our concern for keeping expenses as low as possible did not come on the backs of our devoted teachers and staff. They have received a raise every year and have even benefited from two separate “bonuses,” along with an increase in our pension contribution this past year that is still in effect for the current school year. We recognize that a great school cannot exist without great teachers and administrators who feel appreciated and supported.
Increased revenue streams outside of tuition. We have made good use of our 15-acre campus (with gym and fields) by opening our own, professional summer camp four years ago. Profits go directly toward scholarship assistance and some new families have enrolled in the school as a result of their camp experience. We rent part of our facility to a synagogue on the weekends and people rent our fields and gym for birthday parties and other events as do some of the local community organizations. We have professionalized our development department and have met or exceeded our ambitious fundraising goals without an increase in event-based fundraisers. Additionally, thanks to a tax credit scholarship program in the state of Florida, we are receiving significant funds for children from lower-income families. Not only does this make it possible for these children to attend our school, it alleviates some of the financial burden that has traditionally been borne by families paying full tuition.
The list of all that went into our recent success would be incomplete without acknowledging the incredible revealed blessings we have received from Hashem. We are so grateful and pray that these blessings continue.
Obviously, some of the above-mentioned initiatives are not replicable at other schools. Every institution and every community are unique when it comes to its own challenges and opportunities. But every school can and should recognize that by examining all aspects of their operation and highlighting areas of potential improvement in each one, a multi-year plan can be developed and meaningful results can be realized.
For more information, please contact Rabbi Englander at [email protected]
By Rabbi Adam Englander
Rabbi Adam Englander is Head of School at Katz Hillel Day School of Boca Raton.
Security guards and police were at the scene.
A son of a man who died in a violent assault in Whanganui tried desperately to save his father as he lay dying at the front of their home, says a witness.
Three males appeared in the Wanganui District Court on Monday charged with the murder of 57-year-old Craig Rippon, who died following a violent assault at a property in Rimu St on Sunday.
MURRAY WILSON/FAIRFAX NZ Neighbours at the Rimu St crime scene cordon in Whanganui.
All three were granted interim name suppression and remanded in custody until their next court appearance on November 30.
Two youths also appeared in relation to the matter in Youth Court, while a sixth person was being held in custody in connection to the death.
A woman who lives on Rimu Street said there were a number of gang-related fights on the street that began just after lunch time on Sunday.
MURRAY WILSON/FAIRFAX NZ The large cordon blocks off a number of homes and vehicles in Rimu St.
"They [were] all fighting..."
She said the first time around the victim had been involved in an argument, but had survived.
"I came out and I could see him on the ground between the tree and the fence.
"The only reason I knew it was him is he wears a blue plaid shirt."
However, two hours later she was outside again and saw a car drive back up to the housewith four people inside.
"Four of them [with] spades and crow bars went up to the house and smashed all the windows, all the doors."
When she saw her neighbour she said he was bleeding heavily.
"His poor son was trying to keep him from swallowing his tongue...he was making this gurgling noise."
She described the neighbours as the "nicest people" and said she believed the victim had a wife and nine children.
"They were very close I think...lovely family, never had a problem with them, they just bought their house."
Police have said the assault is believed to be connected to a "dispute between individuals who are known to each other".
A post-mortem is expected to be conducted on Tuesday.
The man was treated at the address by ambulance staff but later died in Whanganui Hospital.
A homicide inquiry was launched on Monday and Detective Senior Sergeant Neil Forlong said there was a team of a dozen staff working on the homicide inquiry which was in its very early stages.
He said the team were trying to establish exactly what happened in the hours leading up to the assault and what had been the factors that contributed to it.
The inquiry would be joined by more CIB staff and specialists from ESR on Monday morning so that a scene examination could be carried out.
Comments on this story have been disabled.
In today's case, the police wanted to come into the home of an 80 year old woman, but she did not want them there. Unfortunately, she made the mistake of telling the 911 operator that she thought she was having a heart attack, apparently due to the stress of the police visit. For example, the police threatened to smash her door in with a sledge hammer. The 80 year woman relented and let the police come in. She ended up: (i) slapping one of the policemen; and (ii) getting thrown on the ground.** She was charged with misdemeanor battery, but the prosecutors threw out the charge. The 80 year old woman brought a 4A civil suit against the police. She lost on her unreasonable search claim, but her excessive force claim for getting thrown down is allowed to proceed towards trial.***
Link to the case
FOOTNOTES:
* Disclaimer: should go without saying, but the post title is facetious and should not be taken as practical advice and/or legal advice.
** It has not yet been established as to the order in which the slapping and the getting thrown down happened.
*** As lawyers in the audience will understand, the case may well settle before there is a trial.
As we reach the midpoint of the campaign, I think it's fair to say the Conservative team has successfully managed expectations down.
That Nanos poll was only the latest to show them solidly in third place, at just 26 per cent, several points behind their nearest rivals. Averaging across all the polls, they are down four points since the campaign began, 2.5 of those just in the past week. They are third (by far) in Atlantic Canada, battling with the Bloc for third in Quebec, barely ahead of the Greens in British Columbia. Only in Ontario and the Prairies are they competitive.
Perhaps even more concerning are Stephen Harper's leadership numbers, since these often presage where a party's support is headed. Bad enough that those approving of his job performance are outnumbered two to one by those who disapprove, as they have been for some time. But a new Ipsos poll shows Harper trailing the other two leaders, not only generally but on the economy, his traditional strong suit. As recently as April he led on the issue by 17 points.
Well, 5½ weeks to go. Lots of time for the Conservatives to turn this around. A full campaign, by the usual yardstick. Except it's hard to see what's likely to change. If the Tories were capable of a barn-storming campaign full of zest and urgency, they would not have pursued the kind of leaden, inert campaign they have until now.
True, they have been held back throughout the early going by events that were not of their, or at least the campaign's, making: the Duffy trial, the “recession” data dump, the sudden eruption of the Syrian refugee crisis, four years on, as a front-page story. But campaigns that are driving the agenda — that have agendas to drive — are not so easily knocked off course. And campaigns, and leaders, with sound political instincts react to events in ways that turn them to their advantage. Campaigns with no purpose led by people with tin ears do not.
There was no inevitability to any of this. I do not hold with the notion that governments die of old age, that after 10 years or so they simply wear themselves out. To be sure, the longer a government is in power, the more it will tend to fall in upon itself, listening only to what pleases it, unable to see how it is perceived by those outside the tribe. But those tendencies have been with this government from the beginning.
To that extent, the party's current woes were foreordained. What once were its strengths, in a narrow partisan sense — fierce loyalty, swaggering self-confidence, calculation and ruthlessness in equal measure — have in present circumstances become liabilities. But it has made things much worse for itself in this sour, sullen, strangely passive campaign.
What actual reason are the Tories giving people to vote for them? What is the proposition they are laying before the public, other than, as in the Hilaire Belloc poem, “to always keep a-hold of Nurse, for fear of finding something worse”? Can anyone recall what their platform consists of, besides a recitation of their thin record and a few well-placed bribes to this or that micro-demographic?
There is no project the party asks the public to endorse, no ambition it invites them to share, other than that most inspiring of clarion calls, More Of The Same. To the question, why should the voters re-elect them, the Tories can offer no brighter answer than: Why not?
Not even their base is excited by that. And their base, let us recall, is all they have. Beyond the one in four Canadians who now say they will vote for them, the Conservatives can hope to appeal to another five per cent at most: the ones who now favour other parties, but mark them as their second choice.
Activist government does not have to mean big government. The Conservatives could, if they chose, seek a new mandate to liberalize Canada's cosseted, over-regulated markets, notably in agriculture, transportation, telecommunications and finance. They could campaign on a radical plan to reform and simplify the tax code, eliminating preferences and cutting rates for all. They could ask the public's backing to eliminate, once and for all, corporate subsidies, and other forms of cronyism and rent-seeking.
Well no. They could only choose to do any of these things if they were not the modern Conservative party — if they had not made a blood oath to one another to reject anything that smacked of a principled or coherent approach to governing, in favour of that random, expedience-driven drunkard's walk that exalts itself as “pragmatism.”
The hell of it is that, having adopted at one time or another all of the policies of their opponents, the Tories find they can no longer even mount a convincing fear campaign against them. Are we to tremble at warnings of $10-billion Liberal deficits, from the party that added $150-billion to the national debt? Is it to be imagined an NDP government would meddle in the economy more egregiously than the party that promised to regulate the price of every good in Canada into conformity with its American counterpart?
This is the great achievement of the Harper government. Not only has it made itself unelectable, but it has made even conservatives indifferent to its fate. It did not invest its political capital in difficult but necessary changes to national policy. It frittered it away on pointless vendettas, sideshows and gewgaws, all the while congratulating itself on its cleverness. Yet for all its aimless vote-chasing, it has managed it make itself more unpopular than if it had actually done anything worthwhile — while still being cursed as unspeakably right-wing.
It is a remarkable feat, is it not — to have discredited conservatism without actually practising it.
As young adults settle in on college campuses around the country, they'll experience new freedom to make mistakes. While we hope for good choices based on parental example, the fact is that most people learn only from painful experience.
Some will have their first brush with alcohol or drugs. An unlucky few will mix the two and awaken next to someone else in a room full of regret. That's a horrible way to "win" the sexually-transmitted disease lottery or the pregnancy sweepstakes, but worse, it is also an invitation for Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 to levy permanent and devastating consequences to their future.
Under Title IX law, there is virtually no need to respect rules of evidence or constitutionally guaranteed rights to a speedy trial, a jury of one's peers, the ability to confront and question witnesses or the provision for a capable defense.
Hello, Title IX; goodbye, Sixth Amendment!
Every college is required to have a Title IX coordinator, and in cases of alleged sexual misconduct, the coordinator will assign an investigator to take statements from the accused, the accuser and any witnesses in order to make a determination based on the "preponderance of the evidence."
Your child and/or legal counsel are forbidden to cross-examine witnesses or the accuser.
If the investigator believes the accuser 50.01 percent and the accused falls short at 49.99 percent, the college can take action up to and including expulsion and recommend the case for criminal prosecution.
As a parent, I knew nothing about Title IX's power to usurp due process. I thought Title IX was just the federal government's way of creating equality in sports programs.
But this past semester, the ugly side of Title IX entered our lives through my son's roommate-to-be. He combined alcohol with a one-night stand and faced a Title IX investigation a full month after the event -- long after evidence could be gathered, long after memories had morphed through endless recounting to friends and family.
The Title IX investigator (prosecutor, judge and jury) heard testimony that both parties were seen drinking heavily, engaged in overt displays of affection, and left a gathering together late at night. Did it matter that both parties were probably outside the legal limits of intoxication? Of course not, because no toxicology was available.
What did matter to the Title IX investigator is that a sexual assault accusation was made, and that the accuser displayed great emotional distress when interviewed about the event. It was determined (without toxicology) that she was too drunk to have given consent, so, therefore, she suffered a sexual assault. It was explained to the accused that he did not demonstrate sufficient remorse and that his lack of emotional response was the dominant determining factor in suspending his college career for two years or until his accuser graduates.
It did not matter that he was at least equally incapable of offering informed consent due to his intoxication; that was dismissed as irrelevant.
It did not matter that multiple witnesses described the couple's behavior as equally amorous throughout the night.
It did not matter that both parties' testimonies agreed that they entered her home together, disrobed together, and climbed into bed together.
What mattered was that an accusation was made under Title IX rules using "a preponderance of the evidence" to affix guilt or innocence.
Title IX can be used to destroy your son or daughter's future without due process by creating a kangaroo court of political correctness in which "a preponderance of the evidence" carries the day in a shameful distortion of justice. Title IX rescinds the Sixth Amendment for your young adult.
Title XI uses civil case standards for what should be a criminal proceeding.
Your college student needs a crystalline understanding that a campus bureaucrat with zero training in law enforcement investigation has the power to ban him from campus, revoke his scholarships and label him a predator.
That is the dark side of Title IX.
Colleges and universities are often the first test of an individual's ability to handle personal responsibility; Title IX creates a minefield where consensual sex can become a one-way ticket to a damaged future.
Robert McClain of Brunswick is an independent business person focused on financial products for the senior market, a baseball coach and a member in good standing of the Northern Ohio Freethought Society and the Freedom From Religion Foundation.
Oliver Stone
An early draft of Oliver Stone's Bush, the life story of our 43rd president, has been leaked to ABC and is garnering attention from various news outlets. Not to be outdone, Slate has acquired a copy of the screenplay, dated October 15, 2007, and titled Bush, though IMDB now lists the working title as W. In Stone's words, the film asks: “How did Bush go from being an alcoholic bum to the most powerful figure in the world?”
The screenplay, written by Stanley Weiser, plays up the rivalry between W. and his father, suggests at least one conspiracy theory, and dramatizes W.'s near-fatal encounter with a pretzel in 2002. But compared with Stone's paranoid take on the JFK assassination, the script lacks imagination. For the most part, it trots out well-known Bushisms (“I'm the decider,” “shock and awe,” “is our children learning,” and “axis of evil”) and seems content to re-create equally well-known events from Bush's presidency (pressuring George Tenet to produce actionable intelligence on Iraq, proclaiming “mission accomplished” on the USS Lincoln).
Spoiler alert: Bush gets the intelligence he needs, but the mission isn't quite accomplished. If you're not averse to a few other spoilers, follow Slate's handy guide straight to the good parts.
Alcoholic Bum
Page 3: Stone's W. doesn't spend any more time in the library than the real W. did. In an early scene set at Yale's DKE frat house, the script calls for young W. to pour “cheap vodka into a large garbage can” while a fellow pledge “mixes in orange juice.” Classy. Then W. “takes a snoot-full” (presumably of cocaine, though the script doesn't specify) and sings the chorus of the Yale Whiffenpoof song: “We're poor little lambs who have lost our way. Baa! Baa! Baa!”
Pages 48-51: A “slightly snockered” W. nearly kills his friend Don Evans during a joy ride in a Cessna jet. Evans gets worried when the jet begins to wobble and shake; he asks W., “Tell the truth—this is the first time you've ever flown a Cessna, isn't it?” W.'s response: “This is how you learn. By doing. No need to ask a million questions.” Could this scene, which ends with the plane spinning out of control and landing in a desert, be a metaphor for W.'s learn-by-doing approach to war?
Pages 21-22: After being accepted to Harvard Business School, W. downs a pint of Wild Turkey, drives onto the lawn of his parents' Washington, D.C., home, and challenges his daddy to a boxing match. George Sr. is pretty reasonable: “My advice to you—go to an AA meeting.” George W. is pretty adolescent: “Thank you, Mr. Perfect. Mr. War Hero. Mr. Fucking-God-Almighty.”
Page 60: W.'s DKE habits die hard. The morning after his 40th birthday, an extremely hung-over W. goes on an aborted jog: “Pine trees blurring past. Heart POUNDING in his chest. Woozy, he staggers over to a tree, grasping hold of it. Then leans over, retching.”
Bush in Love
Pages 14-16: Before Laura is in the picture, W. dates Judy, “a blonde, curvaceous Texas cowgirl.” Judy needs a lot of reassurance: “How many times do I have to tell you, you're my gal. I'm as happy as a rabbit in a carrot patch with you,” insists W. at a Texas bar.
He proposes to her: “Honey, if I had a rock big enough, I'd give it to you right now.” It's romance, Texas-style: “The country classic ‘White Lightning' blares from the juke box. He pulls her up to dance. […] As Bush sings along, he gets up on a stool, climbs to the bar, pulls her up, too. People all around CHEER as they drunkenly dance across the top of the bar.” Sadly for Judy, W. promises his father in the very next scene that he's just having a fling.
Page 35: When W. first meets Laura—at a Texas barbecue—he lays it on thick: “If I win [my bid for a seat in Congress], you'll be my education advisor. […] I like the way you think. … And look.”
The Most Powerful Figure in the World
Page 1: Ever wonder how W. and company came up with the phrase “axis of evil”? Maybe it went something like this:
Chief speechwriter: “Axis of hatred?” I don't know. Something about it … just misses.Rove: Well, then what about “Axis of the unbearably odious?”Bush: Don't get cute, Turdblossom. This is serious.Chief Speechwriter: What about … “Axis of Evil?”Bush: “Axis of Evil.” I like the ring of that. That's it.
Page 45: W. treats his advisers like DKE pledges. He calls Wolfowitz “Wolfmeister” and at one point tells him to “think about trimmin' those ear hairs.”
Page 25: When press secretary Ari Fleischer reports that Helen Thomas is asking around “about secret plans for military actions in Iraq” and wondering “what makes Saddam any different from other dictators,” W. flips out: “Did you tell her I don't like motherfuckers who gas their own people?! Did you tell her I don't like assholes who try to kill my father?! […] Did you tell her I'm going to kick his SORRY MOTHERFUCKING ASS ALL OVER THE MIDEAST?!”
Page 47: Midway through the U.N. resolution process, W. is itching to invade Iraq: “I think it's time we stopped standing around with our dicks in our hands, and raised the stakes on ol' ‘Husseny.' “
Pages 74-75: When British Prime Minister Tony Blair says he's concerned about “sectarian violence in the aftermath” of an Iraq invasion, W. tries to reassure him: “They'll be grateful for freedom, the last thing they'll want's ‘nother war. Sunnis, Shias, Kurds, you know, in the end they'll stick together, they're all Muslims, anyway, (chuckling) and they gotta pray five times a day.”
Page 3: Cheney suggests that Iraq may just be the beginning. “Anyone can go to Baghdad. Real men go to Tehran,” says the VP. Pleased with this witticism, W. clinks his bottle of nonalcoholic beer against the VP's coffee mug.
Page 20: Now for that near-death experience. While watching the 2002 Miami Dolphins-Baltimore Ravens playoff game at the White House, W. gets a pretzel stuck in his throat. He “pounds his chest with his fist” then “faints, falling to the floor, hitting his head.” Only then does the pretzel dislodge. W. “takes a long, deep breath, feeling lucky to have survived.”
Deep Thoughts
Page 65: Stone's script perpetuates the myth that the Rev. Billy Graham converted W. at Kennebunkport in 1985. W. and Graham are walking along a “rocky shoreline” as waves crash “against a rocky promontory” when W. confides, “There's a darkness that follows me … And no matter how many times I go to church and pray; no matter how hard I try to reach out to the Lord, that darkness still has me hooked.” He also complains: “People say I was born with a silver spoon, but they don't know … the burden that carries.”
Page 71: W. isn't too happy when his father wins the presidency: “I'll never get out of Poppy's shadow,” he tells Laura. “They'll all keep sayin' what's the boy ever done … I mean who ever remembers the son of a President?” Laura's rejoinder is heavy with dramatic irony: “You forgot John Quincy Adams.”
W. Tells Daddy To Go Negative
Page 68: In the fall of 1988, the National Security Political Action Committee began running the infamous Willie Horton attack ad, which helped Bush Sr. defeat Michael Dukakis. Per the Stone script, NSPAC coordinated with the Bush campaign before airing the ad—a clear violation of campaign finance laws. The script also suggests that Karl Rove worked on the ‘88 race (which he didn't) and that W. convinced his father to approve negative campaign tactics.
Bush Jr.: Karl [Rove] and Lee [Atwater] predict that by the time the election is over, this guy Horton, will be a household name.Bush Sr.: Well, uh, just remind Lee that we can't run this directly through the campaign. Find another pipeline.Bush Jr.: Don't worry. It's being funded through an independent group—The National Security Political Action Committee. Ya know, Roger Ailes' people.Bush Sr.: Good work, son. You're earning your spurs.
A Cameo for Slate's John Dickerson!
Page 120: Back in 2004, when Slate'sJohn Dickerson was still with Time magazine, he asked W. to answer a simple question: “After 9/11, what would your biggest mistake be, would you say, and what lessons have you learned from it?” In the script, a Time reporter named John Dickerson asks this very question and, just as in real life, W. fumbles his response: “I wish you would have given me this written question ahead of time, so I could plan for it.”
(Photo : Pascal Le Segretain | Getty Images Entertainment)
Now that "Silent Hills" is most definitely down the drain, creator Hideo Kojima has reportedly moved on as he plans a bigger project.
While the famous Japanese game creator has yet to comment on the said report, would be director of "Silent Hills," Guillermo del Toro revealed that a new project in on the way.
Talking to IGN, del Toro confirmed that there is definitely no chance that "Silent Hills" will pursue and to make up for the disapponted fans, he revealed that they are working on something.
Advertisement
"I love working with Kojima-san," he said.
"We are still in touch. We are still friends and working into doing something together, but that's not going to be [Silent Hills]."
Without revealing further details about his new project with Hideo Kojima, Guillermo del Toro rather shared their supposed plans for "Silent Hills," hadn't it been cancelled.
"We were in the planning stages, and it's a shame it's not going to happen," del Toro explained. "We were talking about really pushing the boundaries of the new consoles, and making the game really mess with your head. One of the great moments in Metal Gear [Solid] was Psycho Mantis. The idea that a game can actually interact with you, and stuff like that."
While Hideo Kojima remained silent during the whole controversy including the fans petition to push through with "Silent Hills," Guillermo del Toro on the other hand has previously expressed his support to the petitioners during an interview with IGN.
"Norman [Reedus, the Walking Dead actor who was attached to play the lead role] was super happy, Hideo was super happy, and so was I," he said of their feelings about the game prior its cancellation.
"I know there's a petition going on the internet and it's gathering signatures. I would add my signature to it, and hope that someone pays attention."
German Chancellor Angela Merkel says she doesn't think Washington will stop spying on her country, despite the high-profile diplomatic flap over allegations the U.S. had recruited two Germans to sell secrets.
"I think it's not that easy to convince the Americans ... to completely change the way their intelligence services work,” Merkel said in an interview with ZDF translated by the Associated Press.
ADVERTISEMENT
Merkel indicated she wasn't optimistic that pleas from the German government for the U.S. to change its behavior would have much of an impact.
"I can't predict that, but certainly hope it will change."
On Friday, White House press secretary Josh Earnest appeared to indicate the U.S. believed the alleged spying between the allies was par for the course in comments to reporters.
“Allies with sophisticated intelligence agencies like the United States and Germany understand with some degree of detail exactly what those intelligence relationships and activities entail,” Earnest said. “Any differences that we have are most effectively resolved through established private channels, not through the media. These private channels include regular discussions between intelligence officials, diplomatic officials, and national security officials from those two countries. So pursuing that dialogue through those channels is exactly what we're doing.”
On Friday, Bloomberg reported that the Obama administration had offered Germany a deal similar to the one the United States has with Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom that would have limited U.S. intelligence activities within the country. The offer was apparently a last-ditch bid to prevent the expulsion of the CIA station chief from Germany, which was demanded by Merkel after the revelations about alleged spying.
“We remain open to discussions with our close allies and partners, including Germany, about how we can better coordinate our intelligence efforts,” National Security Council spokesperson Caitlin Hayden said in a statement.
But Germany reportedly turned down the deal because it would have required a greater investment in its intelligence services.
The incident has threatened to further strain the relationship with Merkel, who expressed outrage after documents provided by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden revealed her personal cell phone had been targeted for monitoring.
Dr. Boyce Watkins cites some troubling statistics on the War on Drugs over at The Huffington Post:
African-Americans are 62 percent of drug offenders sent to state prisons, yet they represent only 12 percent of the U. S. population.
Black men are sent to state prisons on drug charges at 13 times the rate of White men.
Drug transactions among Blacks are easier for police to target because they more often happen in public than do drug transactions between Whites.
The disparities are particularly tragic in individual states where Black men are sent to federal prison on drug charges at a rate 57 times greater than White men, according to Human Rights Watch.
More than 25.4 million Americans have been arrested on drug charges since 1980; about one-third of them were Black.
The Black populations in state prisons are majorly disproportionate: In Georgia, the Black population is 29 percent, the Black prison population is 54 percent; Arkansas 16 percent -52 percent; Louisiana 33 percent-76 percent; Mississippi 36 percent-75 percent; Alabama 26 percent -65 percent; Tennessee 16 percent -63 percent; Kentucky 7 percent-36 percent; South Carolina 30 percent-69 percent; North Carolina 22 percent-64 percent; and Virginia 20 percent-68 percent.
According to the Global Commission on Drug Policy arresting and incarcerating people fills prisons and destroys lives but does not reduce the availability of illicit drugs or the power of criminal organizations.
The average daily cost per state prison inmate per day in the U.S. is $67.55. State prisons held 253,300 inmates for drug offenses in 2007. That means states spent approximately $17 million per day to imprison drug offenders, or more than $6.2 billion per year.
This war disproportionately targets blacks and other minorities and the poor across all racial demographics.
But massive incarceration, a depressed economy, and the widespread violence is something that should give all of us pause, even those of us who have never been the target of a midnight no-knock raid or a life shattered by drug violence, police abuse, or the myriad other tragedies this war has brought upon our society. Dr. Watkins calls it apartheid, and in many ways he's correct. But it's more than that, too. The impact of the drug war is global, and the global poor pay the highest price.
Thank goodness the tide appears to be turning:
One area where I'm at odds with the prevailing winds in Haskell are lazy I/O. It's often said that lazy I/O is evil, scary and confusing, and it breaks things like referential transparency. Having a soft spot for it, and not liking most of the alternatives, I end up on the opposite side when the topic comes up, if I choose to pick the fight. I usually don't feel like I come away from such arguments having done much good at giving lazy I/O its justice. So, I thought perhaps it would be good to spell out my whole position, so that I can give the best defense I can give, and people can continue to ignore it, without costing me as much time in the future. :)
So, what's the argument that lazy I/O, or unsafeInterleaveIO on which it's based, breaks referential transparency? It usually looks something like this:
swap ( x, y ) = ( y, x ) setup = do r1 < - newIORef True r2 <- newIORef True v1 <- unsafeInterleaveIO $ do writeIORef r2 False ; readIORef r1 v2 <- unsafeInterleaveIO $ do writeIORef r1 False ; readIORef r2 return ( v1, v2 ) main = do p1 <- setup p2 <- setup print p1 print . swap $ p2
I ran this, and got:
(True, False) (True, False)
So this is supposed to demonstrate that the pure values depend on evaluation order, and we have broken a desirable property of Haskell.
First a digression. Personally I distinguish the terms, "referential transparency," and, "purity," and use them to identify two desirable properties of Haskell. The first I use for the property that allows you to factor your program by introducing (or eliminating) named subexpressions. So, instead of:
f e e
we are free to write:
let x = e in f x x
or some variation. I have no argument for this meaning, other than it's what I thought it meant when I first heard the term used with respect to Haskell, it's a useful property, and it's the best name I can think of for the property. I also (of course) think it's better than some of the other explanations you'll find for what people mean when they say Haskell has referential transparency, since it doesn't mention functions or "values". It's just about equivalence of expressions.
Anyhow, for me, the above example is in no danger of violating referential transparency. There is no factoring operation that will change the meaning of the program. I can even factor out setup (or inline it, since it's already named):
main = let m = setup in do p1 < - m p2 <- m print p1 print . swap $ p2
This is the way in which IO preserves referential transparency, unlike side effects, in my view (note: the embedded language represented by IO does not have this property, since otherwise p1 could be used in lieu of p2 ; this is why you shouldn't spend much time writing IO stuff, because it's a bad language embedded in a good one).
The other property, "purity," I pull from Amr Sabry's paper, What is a Purely Functional Language? There he argues that a functional language should be considered "pure" if it is an extension of the lambda calculus in which there are no contexts which observe differences in evaluation order. Effectively, evaluation order must only determine whether or not you get an answer, not change the answer you get.
This is slightly different from my definition of referential transparency earlier, but it's also a useful property to have. Referential transparency tells us that we can freely refactor, and purity tells us that we can change the order things are evaluated, both without changing the meaning of our programs.
Now, it would seem that the original interleaving example violates purity. Depending on the order that the values are evaluated, opponents of lazy I/O say, the values change. However, this argument doesn't impress me, because I think the proper way to think about unsafeInterleaveIO is as concurrency, and in that case, it isn't very strange that the results of running it would be non-deterministic. And in that case, there's not much you can do to prove that the evaluation order is affecting results, and that you aren't simply very unlucky and always observing results that happen to correspond to evaluation order.
In fact, there's something I didn't tell you. I didn't use the unsafeInterleaveIO from base. I wrote my own. It looks like this:
unsafeInterleaveIO :: IO a -> IO a unsafeInterleaveIO action = do iv < - new forkIO $ randomRIO ( 1 , 5 ) >>= threadDelay . ( * 1000 ) >> action >>= write iv return . read $ iv
iv is an IVar (I used ivar-simple). The pertinent operations on them are:
new :: IO ( IVar a ) write :: IVar a -> a -> IO ( ) read :: IVar a -> a
new creates an empty IVar , and we can write to one only once; trying to write a second time will throw an exception. But this is no problem for me, because I obviously only attempt to write once. read will block until its argument is actually is set, and since that can only happen once, it is considered safe for read to not require IO . [1]
Using this and forkIO , one can easily write something like unsafeInterleaveIO , which accepts an IO a argument and yields an IO a whose result is guaranteed to be the result of running the argument at some time in the future. The only difference is that the real unsafeInterleaveIO schedules things just in time, whereas mine schedules them in a relatively random order (I'll admit I had to try a few times before I got the 'expected' lazy IO answer).
But, we could even take this to be the specification of interleaving. It runs IO actions concurrently, and you will be fine as long as you aren't attempting to depend on the exact scheduling order (or whether things get scheduled at all in some cases).
In fact, thinking of lazy I/O as concurrency turns most spooky examples into threading problems that I would expect most people to consider rather basic. For instance:
Don't pass a handle to another thread and close it in the original.
Don't fork more file-reading threads than you have file descriptors.
Don't fork threads to handle files if you're concerned about the files being closed deterministically.
Don't read from the same handle in multiple threads (unless you don't care about each thread seeing a random subsequence of the stream).
And of course, the original example in this article is just non-determinism introduced by concurrency, but not of a sort that requires fundamentally different explanation than fork. The main pitfall, in my biased opinion, is that the scheduling for interleaving is explained in a way that encourages people to try to guess exactly what it will do. But the presumption of purity (and the reordering GHC actually does base on it) actually means that you cannot assume that much more about the scheduling than you can about my scheduler, at least in general.
This isn't to suggest that lazy I/O is appropriate for every situation. Sometimes the above advice means that it is not appropriate to use concurrency. However, in my opinion, people are over eager to ban lazy I/O even for simple uses where it is the nicest solution, and justify it based on the 'evil' and 'confusing' ascriptions. But, personally, I don't think this is justified, unless one does the same for pretty much all concurrency.
I suppose the only (leading) question left to ask is which should be declared unsafe, fork or ivars, since together they allow you to construct a(n even less deterministic) unsafeInterleaveIO ?
[1] Note that there are other implementations of IVar . I'd expect the most popular to be in monad-par by Simon Marlow. That allows one to construct an operation like read , but it is actually less deterministic in my construction, because it seems that it will not block unless perhaps you write and read within a single 'transaction,' so to speak.
In fact, this actually breaks referential transparency in conjunction with forkIO :
deref = runPar . get randomDelay = randomRIO ( 1 , 10 ) >>= threadDelay . ( 1000 * ) myHandle m = m ` catch ` \ ( _ :: SomeExpression ) -> putStrLn "Bombed" mySpawn :: IO a -> IO ( IVar a ) mySpawn action = do iv < - runParIO new forkIO $ randomDelay >> action >>= runParIO . put_ iv return iv main = do iv < - mySpawn ( return True ) myHandle . print $ deref iv randomDelay myHandle . print $ deref iv
Sometimes this will print "Bombed" twice, and sometimes it will print "Bombed" followed by "True". The latter will never happen if we factor out the deref iv however. The blocking behavior is essential to deref maintaining referential transparency, and it seems like monad-par only blocks within a single runPar , not across multiples. Using ivar-simple in this example always results in "True" being printed twice.
The Employee Relations Board, a five-member panel that handles labor complaints in Los Angeles' City Hall, probably didn't expect to become famous overnight.
But they've become a household name in Los Angeles this morning, after news broke that the Board voted to rescind a series of pension reforms passed by Los Angeles in 2012.
The Board ruled that city officials did not properly negotiate the reforms –which reduced pension benefits for new hires and raised retirement ages—with municipal employee unions. From the LA Times:
The Employee Relations Board voted unanimously Monday to order the City Council to rescind a 2012 law scaling back pension benefits for new employees of the Coalition of L.A. City Unions, on the grounds that the changes were not properly negotiated. That law, backed by Mayor Eric Garcetti when he was a councilman, was expected to cut retirement costs by up to $309 million over a decade, according to city analysts. Ellen Greenstone, a lawyer for the labor coalition, described the vote as a “huge, big deal” — one that shows the city could not unilaterally impose changes in pension benefits on its workforce.
Coalition chairwoman Cheryl Parisi said in a statement that the reduction in benefits, which included a hike in the employee retirement age, “devalues middle-class city workers and their dedication to serving the residents of Los Angeles. The city's labor board is a quasi-judicial body that reviews complaints from unions, managers and individual employees. Under the city's labor ordinance, the panel has the power to invalidate decisions by the council, said the board's executive director, Robert Bergeson. If council members do not agree with Monday's decision, they can file legal paperwork seeking to have a judge overturn it, Bergeson said. City officials have previously argued that changes in the retirement benefits of future employees do not need to be negotiated. The 2012 law rolling back benefits applied only to employees hired after July 1, 2013. Budget officials had hoped that the reductions would trim the city's retirement costs by more than $4 billion over a 30-year period. The board's decision comes as the city's contributions for civilian employee retirement costs have climbed from $260 million in 2005 to an estimated $410 million this year, according to a recent budget report.
Los Angeles, meanwhile, plans to appeal the board's decision. From Bloomberg:
Los Angeles will appeal an administrative panel's decision to roll back changes in public employee pensions that were expected to save as much as $4.3 billion over 30 years, a spokesman for Mayor Eric Garcetti said. The second most-populous city's Employee Relations Board concluded yesterday that officials failed to properly consult with municipal employee unions before pushing through the changes in a City Council vote in October 2012. The city will appeal the board's 5-0 vote in court, Jeff Millman, a spokesman for the mayor, said by e-mail. Millman said Garcetti, a 43-year-old Democrat, disagreed with the ruling, although Millman didn't spell out the reasons.
Los Angeles was expecting to save between $3.9 and $4.3 billion over the next 30 years. If the city does indeed appeal the ruling, the reforms will then land in front of a judge, who will have the final say.
Photo: “LA Skyline Mountains2″ by Nserrano – Own work. Licensed under Creative Commons
The two people left on the American ship Seaman Guard Ohio, detained here after found carrying arms, for the vessel's upkeep and maintenance have also been arrested, police said.
The British Deputy High Commission has approached the police for consular access to their six nationals who were among the 33 people arrested Friday, a senior police officier, speaking on condition of anonymity, told IANS.
Three locals have also been taken into custody for illegally supplying diesel to the ship, the officer said.
"The two men who were left behind to take care of the ship have been arrested and remanded to custody. Yesterday (Friday) 33 crew members and security personnel were arrested and sent to judicial custody," the officer said.
On Friday, police seized 35 weapons and 5,680 rounds of ammunition from the vessel, which was detained earlier at Tuticorin port.
The judge, sending the arrested crewmen to 14 days judicial custody, ordered police to produce the arrested personnel in the court Oct 31.
Investigation by the Q Branch CID (crime investigation department) revealed that the vessel was found in Indian territorial waters and had a huge quantity of arms and ammunition on board without valid authorisation or documents.
The ship had illegally drawn 1,500 litres of diesel from private sources without following tprocedure, police said Friday.
Asked whether the crew and the security personnel would be shifted here, the senior police officer said that it is up to the court and the prison to decide on that matter.
Police have registered a case against the crew and the guards on the complaint of an assistant commandant of the Indian Coast Guard for offences under the Arms Act 1959, Essential Commodities Act 1955 and Motor Spirit and High Speed Diesel Prevention of Malpractices in Supply and Distribution Order 1990.
Flying West African country Sierra Leone's flag, Seaman Guard Ohio was in Indian waters Friday night, around 15 nautical miles from Tuticorin port.
The Coast Guard escorted the ship with 35 people (10 crew and 25 security guards) to Tuticorin port.
Officials from different security departments questioned the ship's personnel as automatic rifles, bullets and other arms were found on board the vessel.
According to a marine police official, the security guards on the ship maintained that the arms were for providing security to ships and they were waiting for further orders.
A marine police official told IANS earlier that the crew members are giving contradictory statements. Also, the papers presented by them do not support their oral version.
According to the Coast Guard, eight of the crew members are Indians and two Ukrainians.
Of the 25 security guards who have been arrested, six are British, 14 Estonians, one Ukrainian and four Indians.
According to a website that tracks marine traffic, the last known port of call for Seaman Guard Ohio was Sharjah.
The ship's owner AdvanFort, which specialises in providing maritime security against pirates, claimed the ship entered the Indian waters to escape the fury of Cyclone Phailin.
However, the cyclone-hit Odisha and Andhra Pradesh are far off from Tuticorin where the ship was detected. It is also not known what the ship was doing in the Bay of Bengal instead of the Indian Ocean.
A police official told IANS the ship was loitering around India for the past one month for unknown reasons.
The police official also wondered as to the reason for buying 1,500 litres of diesel illegally instead of fueling the ship at Sharjah or through legal channels in any of the Indian ports.
He however discounted the possibility of the ship being used for arms dropping.
Will Indiana give Donald Trump a big victory like its neighbors Michigan and Illinois? Or will it boost Ted Cruz with a Wisconsin-style double-digit win?
Hoosiers may just split the difference, according to a new Fox News Poll.
Trump is ahead of Cruz by an eight-point margin among Indiana likely Republican primary voters: 41-33 percent. That's at the edge of the poll's plus or minus four point margin of sampling error. John Kasich comes in third with 16 percent.
CLICK TO READ THE POLL RESULTS
Men are the key to Trump's advantage. He receives 44 percent to Cruz's 33 percent, while Kasich takes 13 percent.
Among women, Trump ekes out a three-point edge (36-33 percent), while 20 percent back Kasich.
Cruz is preferred over Trump among self-described “very” conservative GOP primary voters (46-35 percent).
The vote among white evangelical Christians splits: 41 percent Cruz vs. 39 percent Trump. This stands in sharp contrast to nearby Wisconsin, where the Fox News exit poll showed Cruz winning this group by a wide 22-point margin (55-33 percent).
GOP voters without a college degree go heavily for Trump (+16 points), while college grads back Cruz by a narrow one-point margin.
"There hasn't been much polling in Indiana, and Trump's showing may be a surprise to some," says Daron Shaw, Republican pollster who works on the Fox News Poll with Democratic Pollster Chris Anderson.
"But the political and demographic make-up of Indiana holds promise for both Cruz and Trump, and that shows in the data."
Kasich (27 percent) and Cruz (24 percent) come out on top when GOP primary voters are asked their second-choice candidate. When first- and second-choice preferences are combined, it's a squeaker: 58 percent Trump and 57 percent Cruz.
And without Kasich in the race, it's 44 percent Trump vs. 42 percent Cruz.
The Indiana electorate is still in flux: one in four says they could change their mind (25 percent).
Kasich (38 percent) and Cruz supporters (29 percent) are more likely than Trump supporters (17 percent) to say they could end up backing a different candidate.
Among those backing Trump, 81 percent feel certain they will vote for him, while 70 percent of Cruz supporters and 59 percent of Kasich supporters say the same.
If it's Hillary Clinton vs. Donald Trump in the fall, 42 percent of those backing Cruz say they would vote for a third party candidate or not at all. By comparison, if it's Cruz against Clinton, 48 percent of Trump supporters would vote third party or stay home.
The Fox News Poll is conducted under the joint direction of Anderson Robbins Research (D) and Shaw & Company Research (R). The telephone poll (landline and cellphone) was conducted April 18-21, 2016, with live interviewers among a random sample of 1,205 Indiana voters selected from a statewide voter file (plus or minus 2.5 percentage points). Results for the 602 likely Republican primary voters have a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points.
I am not precisely sure when I lost the plot of Transformers: The Last Knight, but I think it was probably around the time that a drunk Merlin — yes, that Merlin, of the Knights of the Round Table — showed up at the ruins of an ancient spaceship and began pleading for help from a giant alien robot.
Merlin is somewhat mysteriously played by Stanley Tucci, who appeared in the franchise's previous installment — 2014's Transformers: Age of Extinction — but as a completely different character (the scheming technology executive Joshua Joyce). The wizard engages in a bit of comic monologuing, until the robot hands him a staff, which apparently allows him to control a three-headed robot dragon. The dragon emerges from a cave and swoops over the British hillside — it's really quite pretty — ultimately joining an ancient battle, already in progress, to help the Knights of the Round Table defeat the Saxon army. There are a lot of fireballs and explosions and punishing subwoofer rumbles that seemed designed to test the strength of your kneecaps.
All of this happens in roughly the first five minutes of the movie, and the rest of the film makes about as much sense as the opening. Later on, there's a fire-breathing baby dinosaur robot, and a bigger dinobot companion (left over from Age of Extinction) that has to be scolded, like a rogue puppy, for eating auto-junk. Steve Buscemi drops by to trade a few quips; he's a robot, of course. So does franchise regular John Turturro, wearing silly shorts while watching over sun-bathing Transformers in Cuba, because, well, why not?
There's also a comic-relief butler robot who assists Anthony Hopkins's character, who turns out to be the last guardian of the legend of King Arthur. And somewhere in the middle of the film, Hopkins delivers a 15-minute-long monologue in which he reveals that Bumblebee, one of the franchise's key Transformer characters, was actually a legendary World War II hero. There's an evil Cybertronian sorceress-bot named Quintessa who can control other robots. Unrelated (I think), there is also a series of mechanical horns that were planted around the Earth before the continents separated. Somehow Stonehenge is involved.
After the opening sequence, I never quite recovered my sense of narrative balance, but I sort of enjoyed myself anyway, in part because I knew what to expect right from the start. The Last Knight doesn't make any sense, but neither do any of the other Transformers films. The franchise is one giant, explosion-riddled mashup of wacky plot contrivances, dazzling special effects, and merchandising opportunities. It's nonsense, sure, but it's meticulously crafted, delightful nonsense that falls perfectly in line with both its roots in a line of robot toys and director Michael Bay's extravagant sensibilities — and that's part of its charm.
The Transformers film aptly capture the imaginative mindset of a child
“Magic does exist. It was found long ago — inside a crashed alien ship,” the disembodied voice of Anthony Hopkins says as Merlin stumbles upon his robot interlocutor, as if that explains anything.
But explanations are not what's on order in The Last Knight. Indeed, the moments at which the film attempts to explain itself, to provide context or plot cues, are among its most incoherent. For example, Hopkins's aforementioned extended monologue is supposed to explain the movie's complex mytho-historical backstory, which dictates that the Knights of the Round Table were real, but also that they all relied on the aid of — you guessed it — giant sword-wielding robots.
What's more, the whole thing is punctuated by a slew of pseudo-comic distractions and interruptions, including the appearance of an organ playing butler-bot, as if to make sure that viewers can't possibly focus or concentrate for too long. I got the gist, which is essentially, Actually, the Transformers were a crucial part of the Knights of the Round Table. But I doubt I could explain much more.
With that said, I'm not sure it would make any difference if I could. Like most of the rest of Bay's cars-and-robots franchise, The Last Knight dips in and out of history and legend, myth and nonsense, cynicism and silliness. It is not just impossible to follow; it comes across as intentionally designed to repel logical thought. It is a machine made to dampen thinking.
Even more than its predecessors, the film is a maelstrom of spectacle and sensation, a special effects–driven free-for-all that has somehow escaped the gravitational pull of traditional storytelling in favor of something more immediate and abstract, a kind of caffeinated nonsense cinema, designed to pleasure even as it pulverizes. At their best— or at least their most brutally effective — the Transformers films induce a form of audiovisual euphoria that seems to cast a spell over viewers, one that renders plot and narrative conventions useless. The Transformers movies speak to something deeper, something primordial, deep inside your mechanized lizard brain, the place where three-headed robot dragons live.
That's fitting for a franchise that is, after all, based on a children's cartoon designed primarily to sell a line of toys to preadolescent boys. For better or for worse, Bay has crafted a series of films that replicate the mindset of an 8-year-old kid playing alone in his room, letting his imagination run wild as he goes about inventing the most elaborate adventure he can think of. The films are both deeply focused and easily distracted. They are built around jokey comic relief and mindless violent conflict, as well as simple character relationships in which recognizable adult characteristics or responsibilities are entirely absent.
They possess deep mythological backstories, some of which are interlaced with real-world events, but they rarely make sense when considered for even a moment. They can be obnoxious and creatively scatological — if you've ever wished to see a giant robot car “urinate” on John Turturro, Michael Bay has your back — but for the most part, they are rather naive, and even innocent in their outlook on the world.
Bay's Transformers films do not merely appeal to a childlike sensibility; they capture it, channel it, inhabit it. They are stunningly complex $200 million studio blockbusters that seem to have sprung directly from the sugar-addled fantasies of a particularly inspired child.
Michael Bay knows what he's doing; there's clearly a method to the Transformers films' madness
The Transformers films have grown more abstract over the years, less tethered to the mechanics of character and causality. And in the process, they have made their director's intentions even more clear.
The first movie, 2007's Transformers, is the most coherent — and arguably the best — of the bunch. It's a relatively conventional YA story about a young boy who gets a car that turns into a robot. But in the decade that's passed since its release, the franchise has only grown stranger and more abstract.
The first sequel, 2009's Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen, revolves around a MacGuffin called the Matrix of Leadership and a machine that makes suns explode, which requires the matrix to work. It also involves secret cosmological signals being implanted in Shia LaBeouf's brain, which can only be translated by John Turturro. Actually, that makes it sound more straightforward than it is. But if summarizing the movie's plot is already difficult, trying to explain it is nigh impossible. Don't believe me? Read this old FAQ, which attempts to break down what actually happens in the film and why — and ends up making painfully clear how disjointed it is.
The other sequels aren't any more cogent. The third film in the franchise, 2011's Transformers: Dark of the Moon, ties the Transformers movies to the moon landing, and includes a scene in which the evil Decepticons plan an attack while casually lounging around the monuments on the National Mall in Washington, DC.
And when giving an interview about the fourth film, Age of Extinction, screenwriter Ehren Kruger described it as “quasi experimental” and said that as a writer, “you start to make your peace with the idea that logical sense doesn't have to be the be-all, end-all.” That film ends with an absolutely bonkers sequence in which a massive magnet sucks up all the metal vehicles in Hong Kong, and then Optimus Prime brandishes a sword and rides a robot dinosaur:
But the Transformers films' nutso, erratic storytelling isn't the result of Bay not knowing what he's doing. His nonsense narratives and hyperactive editing are consistent stylistic choices. His smaller films — in particular, the smartly satirical criminal-bodybuilders film Pain & Gain­ — tend to be more narratively coherent. And he has been willing to toy with his own image as a filmmaker who puts “awesomeness” — usually in the form of explosions that escalate in both size and scope — above all else.
The careful attention Bay devotes to these trademark elements is apparent in The Last Knight; on several occasions, the film comes across as more than a little self-aware, piling on frenetic explosions and showdowns and special effects extravagance, deflating its own self-importance even as it builds it up. It never quite descends into self-parody, but it winks and nudges you, letting you know it knows exactly what it's doing, even amidst the chaos.
There's a sense that somehow Bay is in control, that he is orchestrating all of this for your delight, that he genuinely wants to entertain you, and is willing to work to do it. You didn't really decide to see a Transformers movie for the plot, did you? Bay's movies are expensive (but confident) bets that you did not. And they are bets that have consistently paid off. The first four films have earned more than $3.5 billion combined at the global box office.
The Transformers franchise's whiff of organization among the chaos is also part of the secret to its charm: Michael Bay knows his movies are silly and ludicrous and deliriously nonsensical — and he wants you to know he knows too.
From Hitchcock's Rope to Alejandro González Iñárritu's new movie Birdman, directors have used the tracking shot to create the sense of a seamless one-shot film. But is it brilliant movie-making – or just showing off?
In Alejandro González Iñárritu's new movie, Birdman, a faded movie star, played by Michael Keaton, tries to reinvent his career by staging a Raymond Carver adaptation on Broadway. It is a virtuoso showboat, tipped for Oscars, most forcefully for its lead actor. But Birdman is actually about something other than its ostensible subject: the miraculous ability of today's digital movie cameras to go wherever film-makers choose – up, down, sideways, on the ground, in the air – and for as long as they choose.
Birdman is a marathon of long-take athleticism. As the movie follows its characters around New York's St James Theater, the camera bobs in and out of dressing rooms, careers up and down corridors and staircases, even vaults into the sky; and, in one astonishing sequence, follows Keaton's character as he shambles in his underpants through a crowded Times Square. It's all done in what appears to be one fluid 113-minute continuous take (with brief coda appended), although considerable legerdemain is used to splice the shots together with hidden edits.
The stylistic razzle-dazzle is all done in the interest of manipulating space, time and the viewer's perceptions of both. Emmanuel Lubezki, its director of photography, said Iñárritu originally told him: “‘When I wake up in the morning and I start my day, it doesn't feel like a bunch of cuts. It feels like a constant move.'”
“Life is continuing,” Lubezki continues, “and maybe not having cuts was going to help immerse the audience in that kind of emotional rhythm.”
Birdman achieves that immersion through an unusually ambitious use of what you might call the mad tracking shot – a long, rapturously complicated camera move that seems to defy all spatial and temporal logic. Lubezki has considerable form with the technique: last year he created the extraordinary 13-minute opening of Alfonso Cuarón's Gravity, in which camera and characters alike float unanchored in space. Children of Men, his 2006 collaboration with Cuarón, features a six-minute action sequence shot from inside a car – a feat that required the creation of a complicated rig resembling a tank with a car embedded within it, and fitted with a free-floating camera.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Gravity
Lubezki's work may push the technology to new limits, but tracking shots – of various degrees of intricacy and audacity – have existed in cinema for a very long time. The legendary ancestor of Birdman, as an example of the supposedly seamless one-shot film, is Hitchcock's Rope (1948), which stitched several shots together by such means as having a character in dark clothes walk in front of the camera, allowing for a change of film.
The term “tracking” is generally used today to refer to any shot that travels through space, not only those in which the camera literally moves on tracks. These days, elaborate tracking shots tend to deploy the very mobile Steadicam, a camera stabiliser system introduced in the mid-70s; Steadicam operators such as Birdman's Chris Haarhoff have to combine the agility of ballet dancers and the stamina of weightlifters, with perfect timing thrown in. In fact, tracking shots go back to the early days of silent cinema and a genre known as the “phantom ride”, in which cameras were mounted on the front of buses or trains. Their latterday descendants are those hair-raising YouTube POV videos of theme-park rides – tracking shots in the most literal sense.
Film history is full of attempts to bend the parameters of screen space with fancy camera movement. Among the European pioneers of such fluidity were two German greats, FW Murnau in the 20s, and later Max Ophüls: watch the dancehall scene in his 1952 French film Le Plaisir to experience true cinematic vertigo. Among modernist masters of the fluid long take are Tarkovsky, Antonioni and Hungary's Miklós Jancsó, whose free-ranging camera moves follow processions, cavalry detachments and the occasional nude across vast landscapes. But the jazziest arthouse mad tracking shot surely features in I Am Cuba (1964) by Soviet director Mikhail Kalatozov. In a three-minute evocation of a wild party in pre-revolutionary Havana, the camera descends through several reveller-crammed balconies, weaves between hordes of bathing beauties, then goes underwater in a swimming pool: a delirious advert for the joys of pre-Castro decadence.
In US cinema, the mad tracking shot has become a gladiatorial sport over the years, with directors trying to outdo each other and their precursors. Perhaps the most famous virtuoso long take in US cinema is the opening of Orson Welles's Touch of Evil (1958), which starts with a closeup of a man's hands setting a timebomb, then rises on a crane over a Tex-Mex border town, following the victim's car in and out of shot, until cutting at three minutes 20 seconds – when the bomb explodes. Robert Altman saluted this shot in magnificently cavalier fashion in the opening of his Hollywood studio satire The Player (1992), which outdoes Welles by having scores of actors milling around – but slyly mocks itself by having one character walking around musing on the past glories of Touch of Evil and Rope.
Another legendary example is the three-minute shot in Martin Scorsese's Goodfellas, in which Ray Liotta's tyro mobster leads his date into a nightclub through the exclusive back entrance, along winding corridors, through a busy kitchen and to a VIP table. It's a perfect example of immersive film-making from Steadicam operator Larry McConkey, but it's not just displaying the prowess of the film-maker. It's also telling us: this is a real world, it already exists, hundreds of people are already moving around in it, and now so are we.
But there are other cases in which film-makers are clearly just strutting their stuff: Brian DePalma, again with McConkey on Steadicam, outdoes Goodfellas for length and complexity in his Bonfire of the Vanities (1990, 4 1/2 mins) and the even more full-on Snake Eyes (1998, 13 mins), but the result is more exhausting than thrilling. Another egregious bit of flaunting comes in David Fincher's Panic Room (2002), in which the camera, floating ghost-like around an apartment, even passes through the handle of a cafetiere – just because it damns well can. Such virtuoso turns are a matter of taste. Some people find the one-take panorama of Dunkirk in Joe Wright's Atonement (2007) heart-wrenchingly evocative; for me, it feels too deliberately orchestrated for spectacle and poignancy.
Film-makers' increasingly astute command of three dimensions means that the mad travelling shot is no longer such a rarity. It has become part of TV lingua franca: take the walk-and-talk sequences in shows such as The West Wing, or this year's propulsive six-minute shot in True Detective, a frenzied action sequence following Matthew McConaughey's Cohle in and out of several different houses. To pull it off, said the show's director Cary Fukunaga, required every department of the production being on full alert, in real time – “like a live theatre show”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Russian Ark. Photograph: Sportsphoto Ltd/Allstar
That's the essence of the mad tracking shot: the sense, so rare in the essentially detached medium of film and TV, that we're watching a real-time spectacle of actors and technicians testing their limits in the moment. For this reason, the all-out champion of mad travelling shots is surely Alexander Sokurov's 2002 film Russian Ark, a tour of Russian history and St Petersburg's Hermitage Museum. It features a cast of more than 2,000 actors and three orchestras, and was genuinely filmed – vast, swirling ball sequences and all – in a single intensely choreographed take (they got it right the third time) by DP and Steadicam op Tillman Büttner.
In its uniquely extreme way, Russian Ark reveals the quasi-live quality inherent to all mad tracking shots, restoring a dimension of dance or circus to the film experience. That's why Birdman is so riveting: the execution makes us aware of the extremely precarious nature of the challenge undertaken. As you watch actors and camera weaving in and out of position, always perfectly on cue, you can't help wondering how often director Iñárritu, 30 minutes into some dizzyingly complex take, found himself cursing under his breath, then shouting: “Cut – OK everyone, from the top!”
Birdman is released on 1 Jan
Chinese Americans in the Pacific Northwest have been around since as early as the 1850s. Chinese Americans arrived in the Greater Seattle area in as early as 1851. Oregon had also seen an influx of Chinese Immigrants as early as 1851, because of mining opportunities. Idaho saw an influx of Chinese Immigrants in the late-19th century, and by 1870 saw a population of around 4,000 Chinese immigrants.[1] The influx of Chinese Immigrants in the Pacific Northwest and the rest of the United States led to retaliation by whites, leading to Anti-Chinese sentiment in the United States. This sentiment then led to the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882, which expelled many Chinese Americans in the Pacific Northwest.
Oregon [ edit ]
History [ edit ]
In the mid-1850s when finding gold in California became harder, many Chinese immigrants moved to new territories. The Chinese first migrated to southern Oregon but then moved to eastern Oregon after hostilities forced them to move.[2] Between 1855 and 1865, the majority of Chinese immigrants in Oregon were miners with some being merchants. 1865 to 1885 saw an influx of Chinese immigrants arrive to Oregon. As their population increased, interest in different economic opportunities also increased, such as jobs in commercial agriculture, salmon canneries, railroad construction, domestic service, and service work.[3] By 1870, the population of Chinese in Oregon was 3,330. This would continue to grow and would be at 10,370 by the 1900s.[3]
Anti-Chinese sentiments [ edit ]
Anti-Chinese sentiments in Oregon developed as early as 1857, where EuroAmericans adopted similar discriminatory laws against Chinese miners to that of California and Nevada.[2] Chinese miners also had to pay a $50 yearly tax to the Government of Oregon and although they paid taxes, Chinese were prohibited from voting.[2] Article IX, Section 8 of the Oregon Constitution stated that "No Chinaman, not a resident of the state at the adoption of this constitution, shall ever hold any real estate or mining claim, or work any mining claim therein."[4] In 1882, the United States government passed the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882. Together with the Exclusion Act, Oregon also banned interracial marriage. Chinese were also banned from attending in public schools, entering professions, and were discriminated against in housing.[3]
During the exclusion era, most of the Chinese in Oregon lived in Portland, where they lived in their own communities, most in the west bank of the Willamette River. Many of the Chinese were not allowed to live beyond their own communities except as live-in domestics.[3] These Anti-Chinese discriminatory laws highly affected the Chinese population in Oregon, decreasing its numbers to 2,102 by 1950.[3]
Washington [ edit ]
History [ edit ]
Like in Oregon, Chinese migrated to Washington territory as early as the 1850s. The discovery of gold in the rivers of Oregon, Washington, and British Columbia prompted many Chinese to migrate to the Pacific Northwest. Washington saw a large increase in Chinese population in its territory. According to the U.S. Census in 1870, there were only 234 Chinese in the territory.[5] By 1880, there were around 4,000 Chinese immigrants in Washington territory.[6] Chinese immigrants first started as domestic servants and service workers (cooks, laundry men). Chinese immigrants nearly doubled the number of white miners in eastern Washington. Nearly 17,000 Chinese also helped build the Northern Pacific Railroad transcontinental line in Washington State.[5]
Anti-Chinese sentiments [ edit ]
There was a large Anti-Chinese sentiment in Washington during the early years of it being a territory and its statehood. Like in California, Chinese faced many discriminatory laws in Washington such as special taxes, prohibition against marrying whites, and owning land.[6] Many whites viewed Chinese laborers as employment competitors. Even with the passing of the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882, many Chinese laborers stayed in Washington. Because of this, many whites took this problem into their own hands.
Outbreak in Tacoma, 1885 [ edit ]
Tacoma had a large population of Chinese immigrants in late 1800s. Earlier signs of an outbreak was accentuated in 1884, when a water company hired Chinese workers to lay pipe even when there was a large white unemployment.[7] Workingmen's Union, a labor union formed because of Chinese laborers, played a significant role in the election of R. Jacob Weisbach as mayor of Tacoma. Weisbach was a chinophobe merchant.[7] The outbreak would occur on November 3, 1885. The Tacoma chapter of the Knights of Labor joined the Anti-Chinese sentiment, as well as a newspaper publisher, The Tacoma Ledger. The riot in Tacoma was successful, expelling 700 Chinese residents.[5]
Seattle Riot of 1886 [ edit ]
Like Tacoma, Seattle also saw a growth in Chinese laborers during the 1880s. A mob of 1,500 forced Chinese residents out of Seattle in 1886.[8] Precursors began when the Seattle City Council passed a number of ordinances directly aimed against its Chinese residents.[8] Members of the Knights of Labor chapter in Seattle then organized a movement against Chinese laborers. On February 7, many "committees" demanded Chinese to leave Seattle by the ship Queen of the Pacific. After reaching the docks with the Chinese and their baggage, Sheriff John McGraw ordered the mob of committees to disperse and told Chinese residents that they were not obliged to leave.[8] Although the Sheriff promised to protect the Chinese, many decided to leave rather than stay. On February 8, 97 Chinese boarded the Queen of the Pacific. Another 110 Chinese would leave on February 14, 1886 with the remaining 50 Chinese scheduled to leave by train the following week.[8]
Idaho [ edit ]
History [ edit ]
Idaho was last to see Chinese immigration. The Chinese came soon after the rush to Idaho of prospective miners in 1862.[9] In 1869, after the completion of the transcontinental railroad, thousands of former railroad laborers migrated to Idaho in search of economic independence.[9] Many of these laborers were Chinese. Although they were the last of the Pacific Northwest territories to see a migration of Chinese, they would have the largest percentage of Chinese population per capita in the United States by 1870.[9] By 1870, there were 4,274 Chinese immigrants living in Idaho's territory. They constituted nearly 30 percent of Idaho's total population of 14,999.[9]
Anti-Chinese sentiments [ edit ]
Like both Washington and Oregon, anti-Chinese sentiment was prominent in Idaho. Together with the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882, Idaho passed the anti-miscegenation law.[10] Because of these laws, many Chinese men were unable to marry and have children. This led to a diminished Chinese population in the state. By 1910, Idaho had only 859 Chinese residents in contrast to its 4,000 residents in 1870.[10]
Unlike Washington and Oregon however, Chinese residents in Idaho had more freedom in a number of entities. For example, Chinese laborers had access to Idaho's legal courts. They were allowed to file complaints against both Chinese and whites.[9] Chinese children were also integrated into the public schools. And in the 1890s, although no Chinese applied for citizenship, they were granted access to vote.[9]
See also [ edit ]
TEQUESTA, Fla. – The son of a Florida man who authorities say was stabbed by a 19-year-old Florida State University student wants prosecutors to seek the death penalty.
John Stevens IV tells the SunSentinel he doesn't need to know exactly what led the student to kill his father and step-mother outside their house north of Jupiter on Monday night. But he wants prosecutors to seek the death penalty against the attacker, who investigators say also was biting the dead man's face when deputies arrived at the scene.
Austin Harrouff hasn't been charged in the attack. Sheriff's officials say he's still in the hospital where he's conscious but heavily sedated.
READ MORE: Suspect in deadly face-biting attack identified as 19-year-old Florida university student
Investigators say it took several deputies and a police dog to subdue Harrouff. He tested negative for street drugs. It takes longer to test for less common hallucinogenic drugs such as flakka or bath salts.
The younger Stevens says knowing the attacker's mindset is not “super important” to him. He just wants him to “pay for what he did.”
Investigators are still trying to piece together the sequence of events that led to an attack on a Florida couple in which a 19-year-old college student is accused of killing them and biting the man's face.
VIDEO GALLERY: Florida face-biting attack
But Martin County Sheriff's Lt. Michael Dougherty tells the TC Palm neighbour Jeff Fisher came to their aid after hearing the screams of 53-year-old Michelle Mishcon.
Fisher told deputies Mishcon and her 59-year-old husband John Stevens III were still alive when he got there Monday night. But Dougherty says they were dead by the time deputies arrived and found Austin Harrouff on top of Stevens, biting his face.
Fisher ran home after being stabbed several times. His brother-in-law told the newspaper he was released from the hospital Thursday.
Harrouff hasn't been charged. Sheriff's spokeswoman Trisha Kukuvka says he's conscious but heavily sedated.
A deer is dead after crashing through a classroom window at an Ajax high school on Friday morning.
The buck leapt through the window at J. Clarke Richardson Collegiate and then jumped back out, leaving a trail of shattered glass and blood.
Vincent Campbell told CityNews it happened in the classroom of his 15-year-old son Josh, who has special needs, and the deer jumped over the head of one of the students.
Durham Public School Board spokesman Charles Senior said the teacher removed the students from the classroom and closed the door to contain the animal.
There are reports a student had minor injuries. Senior said the classroom was being cleaned.
Both police and Animal Services responded and animal control staff removed the deer. It wasn't clear if the deer died as a result of its injuries or if it had to be euthanized.
Senior said it isn't uncommon to see deer in the area.
Staff at J Clarke Collegiate in #Ajax are cleaning up after a deer crashed through a window. No one was seriously hurt. @CityNews pic.twitter.com/Ts9kRy621I — Tony Fera (@tonyfera1) October 14, 2016
by Revilo P. Oliver
THE New Scientist for 20 January 1990 is especially interesting. It contains on one page the latest in a long series that describe the dire effects that the much-touted “greenhouse effect” will have on the world, unless the industrial production of carbon dioxide is halted, which, as no one states specifically, can be done only by the “One World” government for which Yahweh's Yids have been agitating frantically since their victory in the war against our race in Europe. (1)
(1. This is not to deny that there are grave ecological problems, ranging from preservation of whales, dolphins, and other friendly species that have as much natural right to this planet as we do and which we should value much more than the species of anthropoids that are our active or potential enemies, to the preservation of the tropical rain forests that are being destroyed to accelerate the breeding of biological trash and the profits of the usurers who finance that destruction with loans that will eventually be paid by the American boobs.)
This article accompanies a map that shows what regions of the globe will be affected by the theoretical rise in the level of the ocean that is to be one of the theoretical consequences of the “greenhouse effect.” According to the theoretical projection, there will be minor effects in civilized countries, but the most drastic effects will occur in such places as Bangladesh, where there will be a great contraction of the area in which the wogs can breed, as they now do, at a rate which, if one takes into consideration the longer periods of gestation and infancy in our species, puts the guinea pig to shame.
There is, of course, the usual hint that this consequence of the projected “greenhouse effect” will call for taxing the “richer nations,” i.e., the Aryan boobs, and for importing into their countries more hordes of “refugees” to breed them out of their homes.
The same issue contains a really valuable and significant article, “Climate and History: the Westvikings' Saga,” by John and Mary Gribbon. This reports the findings of the determination of climate in historical times by drilling deep into Arctic ice and extracting cores that show the prevailing climate's fluctuations since c. 500 A.D. There are some very interesting speculations about the effect of presumably world-wide climate on the end of the Roman Empire, but the most positive and significant results explain the fate of the Vikings' settlements in North America.
As late as the 1930s, the public schools in the United States provided some education for children instead of injecting “One World” pus to blight their racial instincts and befuddle their minds. In those days every schoolchild knew that North America was discovered near the end of the Tenth Century by a Viking from Iceland, Eric the Red, who attracted Norse settlers to the land he called Greenland, and that Leif Ericson led colonists further south around the year 1000. Settlements were certainly established in Newfoundland, and almost certainly on the mainland in what is now New England. (2)
(2. Archaeological evidence has proved there were Viking settlements in Newfoundland; it is highly probable that there were some on the coast of New England, but proof is lacking. For a non-technical account, see Westward to Vinland, by Helge Ingstad, translated by Erik J. Friis (London, Jonathan Cape, 1969).)
The new climatological data show that Eric the Red did reach a land that was then green and fertile and certainly a Greenland by contrast with the Iceland from which he had come. He arrived near the end of a warm period, called a “climatic optimum,” and his settlements would have prospered exceedingly, had not a following period of very cold winters imposed unexpected hardships on the colonists. The climate became warmer again, so colonists were again encouraged.
The two settlements in Greenland became so relatively prosperous that in 1125 a Catholic Bishop was installed in a cathedral, a fairly large church built of stone, of which the foundations are still visible at Gardar. Christianity flourished in the usual way. The authors remark that “Two hundred years later, when the colony was already a hundred years older than the U.S. is now, the church owned about two-thirds of the best grazing land on the island.” Although we may assume that the bishop hired servants to tend his herds, more or less inefficiently, the alienation of land that could have supported virile colonists and their families must have checked the expansion of the colony.
As the climate became increasingly colder after the end of the warmer phase around 1225, life in Greenland became ever more difficult. The last bishop died in 1378 and was never replaced, and intercourse between the colonists and the mother country gradually ceased; they had no surplus to export, and the Scandinavian countries were distracted by internal struggles for power and occasional wars.
The Norse settlers were essentially farmers, depending for their livelihood on cultivation of the soil and raising cattle. They could live through cold winters, but were doomed when, around 1500, the summers became too short to permit crops to mature and hence to provide fodder for livestock. The frozen body of the last Norseman in Greenland was found by a ship driven to the coast by a storm in 1540.
As the authors say, “In round terms, the Greenland colonies survived for 500 years, from 1000 to 15000, so they were far from being complete failures: the United States of America have been independent for less than half that time.”
The authors do not speculate about the fate of Norse colonies farther south. It is likely that they, having no firearms and only metal weapons that could not be replaced locally, were exterminated by the relatively multitudinous savages and by miscegenation. (Traces of White genes were found in Indian populations for centuries, even individuals who seemed to be White men but had degenerated to Indian customs. Compare the Guayakis of Paraguay.)
Now the fate of the members of our race who came so close to establishing civilization on this continent long before Columbus must be a subject of great interest and pathos to us, but the important point here is the climatic fluctuations from presumably global warming to global chilling that first permitted Norse settlements in Greenland and then made life there impossible for civilized men. (3)
(3. The authors, in tune with the times, suggest that the Norse could have survived in Greenland if they had gone native and imitated the Eskimos. That is supposed to read us a lesson about the need to “adapt” ourselves — adapt ourselves, I suppose, to Christian folly and the importation of hordes of barbarians and savages to take over our country. We can at least be proud that when the climate made life impossible in Greenland, the Norse died like men. The frozen corpse found in 1540 was dressed in European clothes.)
Now, as you have surely seen for yourself, if only there had been a World Government in the year 1000, Kind Solomon II, from his exalted throne in Jerusalem, would have stopped the industries that were then producing the “greenhouse effect,” thus either making settlements in Greenland impossible or assuring their perpetuity. If the latter, he would also have rushed shiploads of niggers to Greenland to teach the Norse about Civil Rights and thus exterminate that colony of the race his race has always hated above all.
If you want to worry about the future, that is the aspect of the “greenhouse effect” you should take to heart.
* * *
Source: Liberty Bell magazine, May 1990
PHILADELPHIA ― Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid said Wednesday that Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the outgoing Democratic National Committee chair, didn't treat Sen. Bernie Sanders fairly during the primaries and should have resigned sooner.
Reid, a Democrat from Nevada, made his comments in response to a question about whether his party had a Plan B if something truly disqualifying emerged about Hillary Clinton in future email dumps.
“No,” he told The Huffington Post, but went on to talk about the DNC communications released so far in what appears to be a Russian-orchestrated hack.
“Debbie Wasserman Schultz, she's always been good to me. I like her just fine,” Reid said. “I know she's tried hard, but as some people probably know, I thought Bernie deserved somebody that was not critical to[ward] him. I knew ― everybody knew ― that this was not a fair deal. So I'm sorry she had to resign, but it was the right thing to do. She just should've done it sooner.”
As DNC chair, Wasserman Schultz had scheduled many of the primary debates on weekends, when viewership was likely to be lower. Without the opportunity to debate in front of large audiences, it's difficult for an insurgent candidate to gain traction against an established rival.
Tony Snell NBA Stats | Basketball-Reference.com: Shooting
generated by a site user
This report was generated using the SHARE link located just above the stat tables on the site. Give it a try!
User's Notes:
2-Pt Field Goals 3-Pt Field Goals % of FGA by Distance FG% by Distance Dunks Corner Heaves Season Age Tm Lg Pos G MP FG% Dist. 2P 0-3 3-10 10-16 16 <3 3P 2P 0-3 3-10 10-16 16 <3 3P %Ast'd %FGA Md. %Ast'd %3PA 3P% Att. Md. 2014-15 23 CHI NBA SF 46 710 .461 16.7 .472 .228 .117 .017 .111 .528 .553 .780 .333 .333 .350 .379 .574 .050 8 .944 .274 .538 1 0 Career NBA 123 1941 .411 17.3 .471 .174 .128 .033 .136 .529 .490 .656 .364 .353 .429 .341 .571 .031 14 .978 .264 .389 1 0 View Original Table
Generated 2/24/2015. Provided by Basketball-Reference.com Generated 2/24/2015.
Please report any abuse.
Game Developer Takes 7-Year-Old Kid's Lego Design And Puts It Into The Game As A Birthday Present
from the being-awesome dept
Hi Martin,
I don't have much marketing material except for some digital flyers. But I thought it would be nice if Zias could make a Lego level for us, which we would rebuild and put back in the actual game. The level will have his name and be put on Steam.
Not sure if this can be arranged, but would that be a nice present?
Cheers,
Collin
And here we have yet another tale of content creators being awesome to connect with fans. It's a story involving a 7-year-old kid, Zias, who really loves the game Edge (I assume it's unrelated to the trademark troll who tried to sue everyone who used "Edge" in the title of a video game). Zias likes the game so much that, when he's not playing, he's been building his own levels for the game out of legos. Zias' father tweeted the developers of Edge, asking if they might send a promotional item (poster, business card, something) to give to Zias for his birthday. Instead, the developers decided to go much, much further The company then created a cool invite for Zias to come visit them, and telling him they'd make his lego level into a real game level.The whole story is yet another example of content creators going above and beyond what's "necessary" to be bothand. The more you look, the more you find great stories like this, and it begins to make you wonder why so many companies simply go in the opposite direction.
Filed Under: awesom, connecting with fans, edge, video games
Earlier this week, we learned that a two-year-old company that had two full-time employees the day Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico was awarded a $300 million contract to rebuild the island's electrical grid. Whitefish Energy seemed like an odd choice, given that its biggest project to date was a $1.3 million deal to “replace and upgrade parts of a 4.8-mile transmission line in Arizona,” for which it was given 11 months to complete. (As a point of comparison, there are 2,400 miles of transmission lines spread across Puerto Rico.) In addition to its lack of experience, the amount of money Whitefish has convinced Puerto Rico—which is bankrupt—to fork over has raised eyebrows; only eight contracts for more than $20 million have been approved by the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Army Corp of Engineers, with half of those going toward shipments of food and bottled water.
The fact that Whitefish happens to be based in the hometown of Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke, who knows Whitefish owner Andy Techmanski, and whose son worked a summer job at one of Techmanski's construction sites, has added yet another layer of intrigue to the situation. And now, just a day after Whitefish told people to quit their “carping,” several officials, both in Congress and in Puerto Rico, are asking questions about the unusual arrangement.
The Hill reports that Puerto Rico's Governor, Ricardo Rosselló, sent a letter to the Department of Homeland Security's inspector general's office on Wednesday, requesting an audit into exactly how Whitefish won the $300 million contract. Rosselló described a three-hour conference call between FEMA and Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority (PREPA) representatives during which FEMA attempted to ensure the contract was in accordance with emergency procurement rules and regulations. After the call, FEMA indicated it would follow up with additional questions. “I request that your office complete its review of the Whitefish Contract so that a final determination can be made . . . and address any other issues regarding the same by Monday, October 30, 2017,” Rosselló wrote.
In addition to Rosselló's request, The Hill also reported Thursday that two House committees have opened an investigation into how Whitefish landed the contract. A bipartisan group of leaders on the House Energy and Commerce Committee sent a letter to Techmanski requesting copies of the contract and other documents, as well as a briefing by November 9. Leaders of the House Natural Resources Committee, meanwhile, requested PREPA President Ricardo Ramos supply them with documents related to how the utility typically awards contracts.
In the upper chamber, two Democratic Senators have asked that the Government Accountability Office investigate the “use of public money to reimburse work completed by Whitefish Energy,” according to BuzzFeed News.
The letter urges the office to look into multiple concerns, including "the potentially inflated costs of time and material in the contract relative to comparable" agreements, "the opaque and limited nature of PREPA's [Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority] bidding process that led to the contract" as well as "the contemporaneous communications between Whitefish and senior members of the federal executive branch, including Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke."
For its part, Whitefish responded to the barrage of investigations with an optimistic statement. "Whitefish Energy appreciates the efforts of the committees to gather information so that they have confidence in the overall process to support the people of Puerto Rico as well Whitefish Energy's capabilities and commitment to deliver on the contract to help restore power and a sense of normalcy for the people of Puerto Rico," the company said—a far cry from its earlier tweets threatening to stop its work and send its linemen home.
Chuck Kennedy / White House / CNP / Corbis Last year, Obama projected himself as the global peacemaker in Cairo.
When the White House announced its National Security Strategy last month, it titled it A Blueprint for Pursuing the World That We Seek. A better title might have been The Fun Is Definitely Over. The document used the phrase "hard choices" three times, called for "a disciplined approach to setting priorities" and predicted "trade-offs among competing programs and activities." The nature of those trade-offs was never spelled out, but the implication was clear: America doesn't have as much money and power as we once thought. We can no longer conduct foreign policy on a blank check.
Call it Obama foreign policy 2.0. When the President and his national-security team came into office, broccoli was not on the menu. Instead, the talk was about boosting the nonmilitary aspects of American might. In her confirmation testimony, Hillary Clinton talked endlessly about "smart power," meaning power that does not come only from the barrel of a gun. She dispatched über-envoys like Richard Holbrooke, George Mitchell and Dennis Ross to supercharge American diplomacy in the greater Middle East. A little more than a year ago, Obama went to Cairo University and projected himself as a 21st century global peacemaker, promising to close Guantánamo Bay and repeatedly quoting the Koran. (See pictures of Obama's trips overseas.)
At the time, all this made sense. Coming into office, Obama inherited a foreign policy in the red. The Bush Administration had staked out a series of commitments  vanquishing the Taliban, preventing a nuclear Iran, spreading democracy far and wide  that it lacked the power to fulfill. So like a debtor who decides that it's easier to ask for a raise than chop up his credit cards, Team Obama decided to focus on boosting American power, not reducing American obligations. The Bush Administration, they reasoned, had leveraged only military power. Obama would deploy "soft power" too, the power to attract rather than coerce.
The Obama Administration's charm offensive hasn't been a complete failure. Personally, Obama is far more popular overseas than was George W. Bush, and that popularity has brought the nastiness of adversaries like Mahmoud Ahmadinejad into sharper relief. But the very nastiness of those adversaries means that they don't get rattled by low favorability ratings. What's more, Obama's efforts to change America's image have been constrained by his inability to change certain U.S. policies at home. The best way for America to promote its values is "by living them," declares the National Security Strategy, but when it comes to closing Guantánamo Bay or dramatically reducing U.S. carbon emissions, Congress has shown little interest in making Washington a shining city on a hill.
These problems, however, pale before the overarching one: despite Obama's personal popularity, American soft power isn't going up; it's going down. The reason is the financial crisis. America's international allure has always been based less on the appeal of the man in the Oval Office than on the appeal of the American political and economic model. Regardless of what foreigners thought of Bill Clinton, in the 1990s America's brand of deregulated democracy seemed the only true path to prosperity. American economists, investment bankers and political consultants fanned out across the globe to preach the gospel of free elections and free markets. America represented, in Francis Fukuyama's famous words, "The End of History." (See pictures of Obama in Russia.)
Now it is much less clear that history is marching our way. The financial crisis has undermined the prestige of America's economic model at the very moment that China's authoritarian capitalism is rising. A decade ago, poor governments hungry for trade and aid had no choice but to show up in Washington, where they received lectures about how to make their economies resemble America's. Now they can get twice the money and half the moralizing in Beijing. From Iran to Burma to Sudan, the Obama Administration's charm offensive has been undermined by China's cash offensive.
The result is that 18 months after it took over a foreign policy in the red, there are growing signs that Team Obama understands that no raise is on its way. The White House is starting to confront the "hard choices" that come from trying to pare down America's commitments overseas.
See pictures of Barack Obama behind the scenes on Inauguration Day.
FILE PHOTO: Poland's Prime Minister Beata Szydlo briefs the media during a European Union leaders summit in Brussels, Belgium March 9, 2017. REUTERS/Francois Lenoir/File Photo
WARSAW (Reuters) - Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo came under fire on Wednesday for what critics called an inappropriate political speech at a ceremony at the wartime Nazi death camp in Auschwitz where she appeared to defend her government's anti-migrant policy.
At a ceremony commemorating the 77th anniversary of the first transport of prisoners who entered the Auschwitz-Birkenau camp, Szydlo said that “Auschwitz is a lesson showing that everything needs to be done to protect one's citizens”.
The comments caused widespread outrage with many taking them as a defense of the Polish nationalist-minded Law and Justice (PiS) party government's decision not to accept any refugees under a European Union resettlement plan.
The European Commission opened a legal case on Tuesday against three eastern EU members, including Poland, for failing to take in asylum-seekers to relieve EU states on the front lines of the bloc's migration crisis.
“Such words in such a place should never come out from the mouth of a Polish prime minister,” Donald Tusk, European Council president and an ex-prime minister of Poland, said in a tweet.
Former Defence Minister Tomasz Siemoniak said in a tweet that Szydlo's remarks were a “discredit”.
Szydlo's words first appeared in a tweet by PiS that has since been removed. Rafal Bochenek, the government's spokesman, said that people should listen to the entire speech of the prime minister before making any judgment.
In the speech, Szydlo said it was a great task for politicians to make sure that “such terrible events as those that took place in Auschwitz and other places of martyrdom never happen again”.
More than a million people, mainly European Jews, were gassed, shot or hanged at the camp, or died of neglect, starvation or disease, before the Soviet Red Army entered its gates in early 1945 during its decisive advance on Germany.
Following a full day of searches, military teams have announced that they have found debris, bodies and passenger belongings from the missing flight MS804 that crashed into the sea yesterday.
The Guardian reports that debris and belongings were found by Egyptian military teams in the Mediterranean sea, around 180 miles north of Alexandria. Meanwhile, the Greek Ministry of Defence has told Times journalist Anthee Carassava that bodies have also been found in the area. Search teams are now said to be sweeping the sea in order to locate the airplane's black box.
Advertisement
The aircraft crashed into the sea early Thursday. Flight MS804 left Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris on Wednesday at 23:09 local time and was scheduled to arrive in Cairo at around 03:00 local time. Radar contact was lost with the airplane at 2:30 Cairo time, when it was flying at 37,000ft. Aboard the airplane were 56 passengers, seven crew members and three security personnel.
The cause of the crash is so far unknown. If found, the black box will shed light on what happened.
[Guardian]
It's a huge, slow-moving species of shark that swims through the world's coldest waters, and the first-ever pictures of it were taken in 1995.
No, it's not the protagonist of our as-yet-unmade shark movie, ColdShark. It's the Greenland shark, and it's our new favorite species of shark.
Why? Well, for one, they look kind of goofy-cute, with their little eyes, stubby snout and short fins. For another, they're extremely slow-moving. Their average speed is about .76 miles per hour, but when they want, they can crank things up to a blistering 1.7 miles per hour. (A little under half as fast as the average person walks.) We love a lazy predator – even if Greenland sharks can grow to be up to 21 feet long, same as a great white.
The sharks tend to stay in the cold waters of the Arctic and North Atlantic – deep down – though they've been spotted off the coasts of Georgia (the state, not the country), Canada, Portugal, France, Scotland and Scandinavia.
“They may be everywhere that's cold enough and deep enough,” Aaron MacNeil of the Australian Institute of Marine Science told the BBC.
Up until the 1960s, Greenland sharks were widely harvested, which fell off as their usefulness declined. (Synthetic oils replaced their liver oil in industrial usage and lamp oil; the meat of the Greenland shark is toxic and only edible if fermented for weeks as part of a traditional Icelandic dish.)
Greenland sharks eat a lot of fish, but they've also turned up with seal, reindeer, horse, moose and polar bear parts in their guts. Researchers speculate these larger meals were carcasses that fell into the water; it's unlikely the slow-moving sharks could've caught an animal as fast as a seal.
So, here's to the Greenland shark – lazily swimming through the coldest, deepest parts of the world, eating whatever's convenient. Life is hard: We should all take a cue from the Greenland shark and chill out a bit more.
RELATED: Endless Summer: Stars in Swimsuits
[IMAGE” “” “” “0” ]
Ryan Burton has been rewarded for his Round 2 performance with a NAB AFL Rising Star nomination
RYAN Burton is the Round Two NAB AFL Rising Star nominee.
Burton impressed in the club's 24-point loss to the Adelaide Crows at the MCG on Saturday.
The 20-year-old key position player gathered 26 possessions, nine marks, and laid four tackles in his outstanding performance.
Despite lining up against Adelaide skipper Taylor Walker for much of Saturday's game, the Hawks' new number five oozed class and showed calmness under pressure, collecting 26 disposals including a team-high 11 intercept possessions.
Senior Coach Alastair Clarkson was pleased with the way his young backman handled the challenge.
“Young Burto had a pretty big task playing on Tex Walker,” Clarkson said in his post-match press conference.
“He had over 20 disposals and took some marks for us, so we're really pleased with the way he acquitted himself over the course of the game.”
Burton played for North Adelaide in the South Australian National Football League (SANFL) and was Hawthorn's first selection and nineteenth overall in the 2015 NAB AFL Draft.
He represented South Australia in the 2014 NAB AFL Under-18 Championships where he dominated as a bottom-age player before badly breaking his leg playing in the SANFL.
Burton made his AFL debut for the Hawks in Round 21 of the 2016 Toyota AFL Premiership season against North Melbourne. Having played forward in his first two games in the AFL, Burton was then swung into defence, playing arguably his best game of 2016 against Collingwood in Round 23.
Following each round of the Home and Away season, a panel of judges selects a NAB AFL Rising Star nominee. At the completion of the season, one of these nominees will be chosen as the 2017 NAB AFL Rising Star.
Orioles center fielder Adam Jones has purchased a five-bedroom home along Falls Road in Lutherville for the price of $1.75 million.
The seller is one Malcolm Cameron according to state records. He's better known as Cam Cameron, the offensive coordinator fired by the Ravens toward the end the most recent season, which ended in a Super Bowl victory. He bought the home for $1.5 million in July 2011, three years after joining the Ravens following a one-year stint as head coach of the Miami Dolphins. He's now the offensive coordinator for Louisiana State.
The Baltimore Business Journal reported the news first.
Here's a listing that appeared on several real estate sites for the home:
"Tastefully and substantially expanded 5BR, 4/2Ba traditional home on 3.47 glorious acres. Beautiful formal rooms and informal gathering spaces. 3 MBR suites including 1st floor, 43x21 gourmet Kit/FamRm addition w/2nd MBR ste above, mahogany Study, state-of-the-art systems, 3FPs. 3-car garage, bluestone patios, pool, gorgeous grounds and sweeping lawns."
Sounds lovely.
Jones signed a six-year deal with $85.5 million last year. He's been named most valuable Oriole in each of the past two seasons. Jones, an unrelenting Twitter user, shared some of his house-buying experience with his followers.
FC Barcelona and former player Éric Abidal have reached an agreement for the Frenchman to be an ambassador and representative of the club at different events in the next few years. The agreement was signed this Wednesday at 1.00pm CET in the club offices.
The 37-year-old, who appeared in the recent Barça Legendsgame against Real Madrid in Beirut, will now form a permanent part of the globetrotting veterans team, as well as collaborating with institutional events in liaison with the Social Area and assisting with activities related with the FCBEscola soccer schools.
Fifteen trophies
Abidal originally joined the Barça defence from Lyon in the summer of 2007 and stayed for six seasons and a total of 193 official appearances, winning fifteen major trophies, including four Ligas and two Champions Leagues.
In 2011 it was revealed that he had developed a tumour in his liver. Although he played all 90 minutes of the Champions League final that year, and famously lifted the trophy at the end, his condition eventually meant he needed a liver transplant.
He was able to mount a recovery and return to active playing duty, but in December 2014 announced his definitive retirement from the game.
He will always be fondly remembered here at the Camp Nou, and it is with great joy that we can welcome now him back to the club in a permanent capacity.
The upcoming Long Range Operators Challenge is Sniper Sustained Training conducted within a multi-stage invitational team event, planned, directed, and conducted by former Army and Marine Corps snipers. Participants will consist of Active Duty Military, Federal Law Enforcement Officers, Retired Military, and civilian long range shooters divided into teams of 1 shooter and 1 spotter, with coaches allowed but not required. The target distances will range from 1 meter to 2000+ meters, and the event will include rifle and pistol, foot movement, and varied terrain. The competition is “bring what you want to shoot” for a long rifle, with magnum calibers allowed, even multiple rifles. However, all weapons, equipment, and ammunition used in the match must be carried throughout.
The LROC is being conducted near Colville, Washington, March 7-9, and will take place regardless of weather conditions.
lroc.squarespace.com/
Tags: Long Range Operator Challenge
Daily Dot lays off 30 employees across company
The Daily Dot laid off 30 people — about 40 percent of its total staff — on Friday, POLITICO has learned.
The cuts were across the board, affecting everyone from upper management and the business side to the newsroom and art department. The entire product team was laid off. The budget for freelancers has also been eliminated.
Story Continued Below
"We let several people go today as part of a restructuring," Daily Dot CEO Nicholas White told POLITICO in a statement. "While this move is without a doubt the right thing for the long-term sustainability of the Dot, this was an exceedingly tough decision to make. We expect headcount to grow back to yesterday's level soon, as we hire more people in areas like video, e-commerce and sales."
The Daily Dot, the self-described "hometown newspaper of the World Wide Web," is an online news site based in Austin, Texas that covers technology and internet culture. It also has offices in New York and San Francisco. The company was founded in 2011 by White, whose family had owned an Ohio newspaper for six generations. Before the layoffs, The Daily Dot had 75 employees.
Read White's full statement below:
We let several people go today as part of a restructuring.
While this move is without a doubt the right thing for the long-term sustainability of the Dot, this was an exceedingly tough decision to make.
We expect headcount to grow back to yesterday's level soon, as we hire more people in areas like video, e-commerce and sales.
I say "restructuring" on purpose. We are rebalancing which departments and coverage areas are most heavily staffed, as a reflection of where our business is growing. We are cutting back in areas that are not working as well, so that we can double down elsewhere.
Zooming out, we have always invested in new areas of coverage and new lines of business. Many of those bets have paid off. I take pride in the fact that we march to the beat of our own drum. But we're not always right, not by a long shot. Unfortunately in media today things move quickly and turn on a dime. We need to stay lock-step with our audience.
There's no way around it. Letting people go sucks, especially when those people are really good at their jobs. We're working very hard to find our colleagues a new home.
Big picture, our product is great, our traffic is great, and our business is great. The Board's confidence is high. Our management team is focused. I'm especially happy about our success with video, e-commerce, diversified non-Facebook traffic, and sales.
Zero downtime deployment to Tomcat 7 with Maven
This is just one way of deploying to Tomcat, not the only one Similar to the “sister guide” (Developing with Tomcat and Eclipse), there's more than one way to skin the deployment cat. With Maven, good options are the Tomcat Maven plugin and the Cargo plugin. Modern PaaS platforms also typically have their own cluster deployment tools. However, this guide is specifically for Tomcat 7 using its parallel deployment feature. - Kalle Korhonen / tynamo.org
Tomcat 7 added a superb but rarely used feature, called parallel deployment. With enough memory on the system, you could approach poor man's high availability with parallel deployment but where it really shines is continuous integration and continuous deployments to your alpha/QA systems. It completely sucks if your development team/CI system deploys a new version to an alpha server 60 or more times a day and you need to reload the web application every time (or worse yet, restart the whole server) while at the same time, your QA is desperately trying to use the same system to verify features and test user experience. With parallel deployment, existing users can keep using the same version of the web application until their session expires while others can be simultaneously using newer versions.
However, parallel deployment and tools for it are surprisingly rough on the edges. I haven't found any Maven plugins that would automatically take advantage of the feature so I hacked one together, using Ant so those disliking Maven can also enjoy the feature :).
<profile> <!-- to be used with jenkins continuous builds only --> <id>continuous-delivery</id> <build> <plugins> <plugin> <artifactId>maven-antrun-plugin</artifactId> <version>1.7</version> <dependencies> <dependency> <groupId>ant-contrib</groupId> <artifactId>ant-contrib</artifactId> <version>1.0b3</version> <exclusions> <exclusion> <groupId>ant</groupId> <artifactId>ant</artifactId> </exclusion> </exclusions> </dependency> <dependency> <groupId>org.apache.ant</groupId> <artifactId>ant-jsch</artifactId> <version>1.8.3</version> </dependency> <!-- we are getting random An Ant BuildException has occured: com.jcraft.jsch.JSchException: Auth fail around Ant part ...<scp todir exceptions when scping to war to alpha. Try out a newer JSch fork from /web/20150129022425/https://github.com/vngx/vngx-jsch as a remedy or at least to provide better error messages <dependency> <groupId>com.jcraft</groupId> <artifactId>jsch</artifactId> <version>0.1.48</version> </dependency> --> <dependency> <groupId>org.vngx</groupId> <artifactId>vngx-jsch</artifactId> <version>0.9</version> </dependency> </dependencies> <executions> <execution> <id>prepend-war-with-build-number</id> <phase>validate</phase> <configuration> <exportAntProperties>true</exportAntProperties> <target> <taskdef resource="net/sf/antcontrib/antcontrib.properties" /> <!-- strategy: add lots of zeroes, then truncate to fixed width. Replace doesn't seem to allow full regex so do it in two parts --> <propertyregex property="prefixedBuildNumber" input="${env.BUILD_NUMBER}" regexp="^([0-9])+?" replace="00000\1" override="true" /> <propertyregex property="formattedBuildNumber" input="${prefixedBuildNumber}" regexp="(\d{5}$)" select="\1" override="true" /> </target> </configuration> <goals> <goal>run</goal> </goals> </execution> <execution> <id>rename-war-for-parallel-deployment</id> <phase>install</phase> <configuration> <target> <fail unless="formattedBuildNumber" message="Environment variable BUILD_NUMBER is not available. Is this target running on CI system?" /> <!-- The line below just for local testing on ci machine, we want to deploy remotely via ssh to alpha environment <copy file="${project.build.directory}/myapp.war" tofile="/usr/share/tomcat/webapps/myapp##${formattedBuildNumber}.war" /> --> <scp keyfile="${user.home}/.ssh/id_rsa" file="${project.build.directory}/${project.build.finalName}.war" todir="tomcat@alpha.myapp.com:/opt/tomcat/webapps/myapp##${formattedBuildNumber}.war.new" /> <sshexec host="alpha.myapp.com" username="tomcat" keyfile="${user.home}/.ssh/id_rsa" command="mv /opt/tomcat/webapps/myapp##${formattedBuildNumber}.war.new /opt/tomcat/webapps/ROOT##${formattedBuildNumber}.war" /> <!-- While waiting for /web/20150129022425/https://issues.apache.org/bugzilla/show_bug.cgi?id=52777 to be resolved, manually delete older ones --> <sshexec host="alpha.myapp.com" username="tomcat" keyfile="${user.home}/.ssh/id_rsa" command="ls /opt/tomcat/webapps/ROOT*.war | sort -r | tail -n+2 | xargs rm" /> </target> </configuration> <goals> <goal>run</goal> </goals> </execution> </executions> </plugin> </plugins> </build> </profile>
Little convoluted perhaps readable and straightforwarded. The important thing to note is that Tomcat's parallel deployment feature relies on special naming convention of the war file, with double hash (#) character separating the version from the context/war file name. Above, I'm using the BUILD_NUMBER variable as generated by (Jenkins) CI system but you are of course free to use any other version identifier, however Tomcat only understands alphabetical ordering of version identifiers. Another thing to note is that currently the previous versions are not unloaded by default but just passivated. This causes the memory to fairly quickly run out which is why I'm simply manually deleting the previous war files that causes Tomcat to undeploy and remove their exploded webapp folders. For continuous delivery, you most likely want to set Host attribute undeployOldVersions for removing previous instances, i.e. have something like this in your Tomcat's server.xml configuration file:
<Host name="localhost" appBase="webapps" unpackWARs="true" autoDeploy="true" undeployOldVersions="true">
Finally one more note about the parallel deployment is that if loading the new version of a webapp fails, it'll never become active, so you always have a version of the webapp in a runnable state.
Pin Share 1 18 Shares
Amazon has been using the same webpage design for the Manage Your Kindle page ever since they launched the Kindle in 2007, and it looks like they are finally ready to give it a facelift.
A Kindle owner over at MobileRead has discovered that Amazon is testing a new version of the page which combines the device and content management into a single page which should prove easier to use. I haven't seen the new page yet, but AnemicOak has posted a screenshot:
As you can see, there's a menu bar for managing your Kindle apps and devices, and below that there is a section for managing your content. That is a radical change from the old design, which split the content and devices onto multiple pages and featured a text-based list of items which had to be managed one at a time.
One lucky Kindle user reports that:
One can select as many books as one wants and then take one action for all the selections. That part is new.
I don't know about you but I found the old design to be deeply frustrating because I could only interact with a single item at a time. This made it much more difficult to manage my Kindle account, so I generally avoided using that page unless it was strictly necessary.
So has anyone seen the new page yet?
I have not, but I can see a slightly different version. And I can also report that there is confirmation coming in from Twitter (here, here). Here's what I see when I go to the manage my devices page:
I'm pretty sure that what you're seeing is not the final page but a misplaced component for that page. That menu bar is probably going to have the manage my content section below it (that's what the first screenshot suggests, anyway).
It's my guess that Amazon is rolling this new updated page out to a few users at a time. I'm still waiting to see it myself, but I have found a screenshot on Twitter which shows that the new page might also feature a list view:
So has anyone seen the new page? What do you think?
MobileRead
Many groups are trying to get initiatives legalizing marijuana on California's November 2016 ballot, but one scheduled to be announced Monday will have something none of the others do: the money to run an effective campaign.
The Chronicle has learned that billionaire tech investor Sean Parker, the former Facebook president, is willing to spend millions to help pass the proposed Control, Regulate and Tax Adult Use of Marijuana Act, according to a source close to the ballot effort.
Unlike Proposition 19, the failed 2010 initiative to legalize weed in California, this measure won't lack for cash. Joining Parker in financing the legalization drive will be an all-star cast of cannabis-friendly funders, including Hyatt Hotel heirs Nick and Joby Pritzker; WeedMaps app founder Justin Hartfield, who has already contributed $2 million toward next year's legalization effort; and Graham Boyd, who is connected with the heirs of the Progressive Insurance fortune.
The Drug Policy Alliance, the Marijuana Policy Project and the California Cannabis Industry Association also will be involved in the effort.
Lessons learned
The political challenge now is to unite the sprawling — and often feuding — factions of the cannabis community under a single measure. Insiders vow not to repeat what happened in 2010, when the Prop. 19 effort featured a poorly run campaign and plenty of infighting among the various cannabis advocates.
By election day, even voters in California's Emerald Triangle — the weed-growing meccas of Humboldt, Mendocino and Trinity counties — were among those in 47 counties that voted down Prop. 19. Only 11 largely urban counties supported it.
There is no shortage of groups wanting to legalize weed for adult recreational purposes in California, with 17 submitting proposed ballot measures. While the state attorney general's office already has given 10 of the measures a title and summary, allowing them to begin collecting the signatures needed to get on the ballot, most will be poorly funded.
The most prominent of the other efforts is fronted by a group called Reform California. Its campaign team includes Joe Trippi — who has been a top adviser to such figures as Gov. Jerry Brown, former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean and former President Bill Clinton — as well as AFL-CIO pollster Celinda Lake and many veteran California marijuana advocates, including Dale Sky Jones, the executive chancellor of Oaksterdam University, a cannabis industry training school in Oakland.
Reform CA leaders say they have 80,000 Californians on their mailing list and expect those supporters to ultimately contribute at least $4 million to its legalization campaign. But they have yet to identify a major donor who would fund a statewide run that's expected to cost $10 million to $15 million — and possibly more, depending on how strenuously law enforcement and others oppose legalization.
Newsom may step up
Uniting these two groups will be key — and one person likely to try will be Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom. He is close to Parker and led the group that produced a 93-page report on marijuana policy. The report, released in July, outlined a pathway to legalization in California. Newsom, who is in favor of allowing recreational use of marijuana, has not said which — if any — ballot measure he will support.
There is much at stake, as some experts have estimated that legalization could bring at least $500 million in annual revenue to the state. But since marijuana use and possession are still illegal under federal law, questions remain about the ultimate size of the industry.
The new measure hews closely to the Newsom commission report, as well as to the medical marijuana laws signed by the governor in October, according to an executive summary of the measure obtained by The Chronicle.
It emphasizes keeping cannabis secure from children, as well as public safety, two issues about which many voters — while generally supportive of legalization — have concerns, polls have shown. On Monday, the proposal's environmental protections are also expected to receive support from some of the state's top environmental groups, including the Nature Conservancy and the California State Parks Association.
Among the measure's highlights:
•People will be allowed to grow up to six plants in their home for nonmedical use, but they “have to be out of public view and secure from children.” Local governments may ban outdoor home cultivation, and employers will be able to bar the use of nonmedical weed by their workers.
•It places a 15 percent excise tax on all retail sales of cannabis, both nonmedical and medical. However, medical marijuana patients won't have to pay regular sales taxes.
•It will keep in place the new state laws governing medicinal cannabis, noting that “to help get the market up and running, existing medical marijuana businesses will get priority for the new (recreational sales) licenses.”
•It taxes licensed marijuana growers, based on the weight of the plants. The rates are $9.25 per ounce of marijuana flowers and $2.75 per ounce of marijuana leaves.
•It allows those convicted of marijuana crimes “that are no longer crimes or have been reduced to petition a court for penalty reductions or record expungement.”
•It directs tax revenue to a newly created California Marijuana Tax Fund. The fund will give $10 million annually through 2028 to a public university in California to research and evaluate the effects of the new legalization measure. It also will give $3 million annually to the California Highway Patrol to “develop protocols and best practices to determine if a driver is under the influence of marijuana.”
The fund also will give $10 million over its first five years to the governor's Office of Business and Economic Development to distribute grants for economic development and job placement in communities that have been “disproportionately affected by past federal and state drug policies.” After five years, it will give $50 million annually.
The fund will use any remaining revenue for youth drug education, prevention and treatment of drug abuse, local and state law enforcement, and environmental regulation.
The new proposal has a few key differences from the Reform CA proposal. The Reform CA proposal would legalize cultivation of 100 square feet of plants; impose a $15-per-ounce production tax, with potential breaks for small producers; create a 10 percent sales tax on cannabis and cannabis products; and allow local municipalities to administer a 5 percent tax on weed.
Joe Garofoli is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: jgarofoli@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @joegarofoli
Style:Single
Product Description
Liquid ASS is an overwhelming, stinky, funny prank product. Once unleashed, this power-packed, super-concentrated liquid begins to evaporate filling the air with a genuine, foul butt-crack smell with hints of dead animal and fresh poo. The funny pranks you can pull with Liquid ASS are unlimited. Watching the facial grimaces of people and hearing their comments about the part-your-hair, gagging stench will have you laughing until it hurts. Keep out of reach of children.
From the Manufacturer
Liquid ASS is an overwhelming, stinky, funny prank product. Once unleashed, this power-packed, super-concentrated liquid begins to evaporate filling the air with a genuine, foul butt-crack smell with hints of dead animal and fresh poo. The funny pranks you can pull with Liquid ASS are unlimited. Watching the facial grimaces of people and hearing their comments about the part-your-hair, gagging stench will have you laughing until it hurts. Keep out of reach of children.
Taliban fighters are seen in an undisclosed location in Afghanistan. Photo: AFP
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region – Dozens of Sunni Kurds from Iran have been recruited by Al-Qaeda and other jihadist groups, according to media reports and other evidence.
Last month, Omid Mustafai, a young Iranian Kurd from Jiwanro who was recruited by an extremist Sunni group, blew himself up in a suicide mission in Afghanistan.
Earlier this year Hiwa Mohammadi, another Kurd from the same town, was killed in Pakistan's Waziristan region in an US drone attack.
“Iran's Shiite authorities have stopped every Sunni activity and they suppress the ethnic or religious tendencies of young Kurds,” Hassan Amini, the head of Maktabi Koran, told Rudaw in a recent interview.
He said that because of such repression, it was natural for young Sunni Kurds to seek other ways of expressing their frustrations.
The Islamic group Ansar al-Islam, whose members fled the Kurdistan Region in northern Iraq for Iran in 2003, are also believed to be behind the recruitment of young Iranian Kurds.
Iranian Kurds are no strangers to Islamic ideology and puritanical groups. Maktabi Koran, the group of Nasir Subhani and Ahmed Muftizada, is among organizations that were founded in the late 1970s and still have followers.
But the extremist Taliban-type and Al-Qaeda ideology is new and dates back to the arrival of former Ansar al-Islam fighters in Iran's Kurdish provinces.
Radical Islamic groups are most active in the Kurdish-Iranian cities of Ravansar, Jiwanro and Saqiz.
A recent article on news website KURDP claimed that, “hundreds of young Kurds from Jiwanro and Saqiz have taken up arms for extremist Islamist groups,”
Leaders of more moderate Islamic groups in Iranian Kurdistan say that despite years of activity, they have not encouraged anyone to join armed jihad.
A Saqiz-based media group claimed earlier this year that in 2012, more than 140 people from Saqiz had joined Al-Qaeda and traveled to Afghanistan, Iraq and Chechnya for jihad.
Parents of children who play truant will have their child benefit docked if they fail to pay fines, under measures announced by David Cameron.
At present, non-payment of the £60 civil penalty in England leads to it being doubled to £120 after 21 days and subject to prosecution after 28, but 40% still fail to pay and many do not end up in court because councils do not pursue legal action.
The prime minister said tougher action would “tackle the harm truancy does to a child's chances in life”, citing statistics that show that fewer than 17% of children with 28 days' absence at key stage four achieve the English baccalaureate, compared with 44% of those who missed no lessons.
He also announced that parents in England would have the right to request breakfast and after-school clubs or holiday care at their schools. Childcare providers will have the right to request the use of school facilities to operate clubs.
The child benefit plans, unveiled at the Conservative party conference in Manchester, are expected to cut councils' legal costs by removing the need to take non-payers to court.
But local authorities will be put under a new duty to pursue penalties through the courts in cases where parents do not receive child benefit because they earn more than £50,000.
Figures obtained by the Press Association showed that 16,430 people in England were prosecuted last year for failing to ensure that a child went to school – with about three-quarters (12,479) found guilty. Courts issued 9,214 parents with fines worth an average of £172.
Cameron said: “We are determined to tackle the harm truancy does to a child's chances in life. There is nothing responsible about allowing your child to go without an education. So for parents who let their child play truant and refuse to pay truancy penalties, we will deduct it from their child benefit.”
Playschemes and affordable summer childcare getting harder to find Read more
Schools will not be obliged to provide holiday care or “wraparound” clubs when asked, but will have to give reasons why if they do not grant requests from groups of parents or childcare providers. The right to request will apply to all state-maintained primary schools, as well as academies and free schools, but headteachers will not have to consider requests to use their sites during school hours or when they already operate clubs.
Cameron said the move would increase childcare outside of school hours, allowing parents to work longer hours if they wanted to.
“Ensuring children get the best start in life is at the heart of our plans,” he said.
“We want to help hard-working parents with their childcare plans, so we will give families the right to request that their schools provide childcare for a full working day, before and after school and during the school holidays.” Downing Street sources said the childcare proposals would be cost-neutral.
Radiohead is the sort of dopily dissonant, synth-mashing, warbling, British crap that passes for cutting edge these days. Their Internet fans are legion, their pretentious and egotistically dull albums continue to sell, and the people who malign the good name of critics by calling themselves as much incessantly drool over Radiohead like they've got platinum bars shooting out of their jocks.
A strong argument for pouring mercury into your ear canal.We all have a favorite band. I won't tell you what mine is, because even if you'd heard of them, which you haven't, you couldn't even begin to understand them. I like my favorite band because they're great. However, you like your favorite band because the hot girl at the record store likes them. You like them because that cool friend of yours with the black-framed glasses and the emotionally damaged girl on his arm. Who knows, maybe you're pathetic enough to like them because the goddamned Internet likes them.
What I'm getting at is this: the basic problem of rock fans is that they're a bunch of lazy tin-eared babies who would gladly gobble up whatever some circle-jerking hype-rag like Spin or Rolling Stone tells them to like (or worse yet, maybe they take the advice of Pitchfork Media, if they fancy themselves hipsters or are too cheap to buy magazines). No argument can be made that people like such awful bands “because they're good,” because it's plain to anyone with even the most stunted vestige of a brain that they're not. I have neither the time not inclination to hold your bratty little hands and teach you how to appreciate music. Instead, I think I'll just explain to you exactly why these bands you claim to like are entirely without merit.
Why should you listen to me? Because I'm a goddamned scientist. You don't just barge into NASA and start pushing buttons and turning dials all higgledy-piggledy, forming your own little opinions about how physics works, do you? No, you let the well-educated science guys do it, because you know jack shit about it; your only hope is to LISTEN and LEARN. I'm not condescending to you. I'm smarter than you. There's a difference.
The lazy-eyed gnome uses a Macintosh. How delightfully insipid.I think I'll start with Radiohead, perpetual media darlings and so-called "greatest rock band in the world." You'd have to be blind or illiterate not to notice that the Internet is crawling with poor misguided slobs who have been somehow duped into thinking that these guys don't suck. Luckily, I'm here to dispel that myth. They suck. They suck like the wind.
What it boils down to is this: with Radiohead, it's all about proving something. Apparently Thom Yorke has something akin to Small Man Syndrome, except in his case it's more like Small Incredibly Fucking Creepy Disfigured Gnome Syndrome. First of all, he had to prove that an ethereal fetus-fairy with an heroically obtuse haircut could make it onto the pop-charts. He did so, of course, with "Creep," a song so affectingly pathetic that it could make even someone as nerdy as you feel like you had someone to laugh at. It found a substantial audience among teenage girls who needed someone to feel sorry for, teenage boys who wanted to nail said teenage girls (or who were captivated by those exiting two seconds before the chorus where it sounds like Johnny Greenwood drops his guitar), and denim-jacketed indie-loving radio DJs who are always in search of the "Next Bleak Thing." As for the album that spawned this single, “Pablo Honey,” let's just say that even with the current Radiohead craze in full effect, no revisionist guitar-band historians have dared to step up and claim that it was any good. It's best to just pretend it didn't exist.
Even with a perfectly respectable one-hit wonder, the newt-faced boy and his merry band of twiddlers isn't content. They had to furrow their pale brows and set about making an album that would captivate the critics (or at least one that would have more than one song that anyone would remember in 5 years). What they eventually shat out (directly into the mouths of those critics) was The Bends, which gained popularity for such songs as "Fake Plastic Trees," which was presumably some sort of ham-fisted attempt to convey a message about the angst of the modern world. Luckily, the business-savvy boys of Radiohead kept it vague enough that even the most vapid black-haired hipster twat could project some sort of rudimentary vestige of meaning onto it. Their record label paid the requisite $50 bribe to the slack-jawed heroin addicts at New Musical Express for a good review. While I'm not currently in a masochistic enough mood to look up the reviews, they undoubtedly proclaimed it "staggeringly mature" or perhaps "a bold proclamation of artistic intent; impossible to ignore." Radiohead had their critical success, the British music press had a fresh armful of junk, and everyone was happy.
For their next trick of mass public deception, Radiohead decided to embark on a cosmic journey into the center of Neo-Pink-Floydian masturbatory pretension with OK Computer, the first in a series of Radiohead concept albums entirely lacking in concepts. They once again took MTV and modern rock radio by storm, this time with a long and tedious single called Paranoid Android. It was basically Bohemian Rhapsody by Queen, weirded up about 80% and without the element of irony that made it at least bearable as something to smirk at. It featured an adorable video (which was seemingly animated with Mario Paint) in which, appropriately, a pale and skinny man engaged in entirely meaningless and surreal exploits. The song was typical of the album; it was a tale told by five idiots, full of sound and fury but signifying nothing. Their prog-rock gambit was successful; rather than being cornered into admitting that they were too stupid to understand the album, fans and music journalists instead just assumed it had some sort of deep and profound meaning, and showered it with simpering praise that still reverberates today on a thousand Internet nerd colonies. A million brainwashed converts were left yearning for more Radiohead like lambkins for the teat.
More of this, please!What followed was an extended break in which Radiohead decided to entirely forget about the concepts of melody and even-remotely-not-sucking. This time they set about to prove that they could not only release an album which was entirely and undeniably without any merit whatsoever and still sell a shitload of copies, but that they could actually do it twice in one year. Kid A and Amnesiac replaced the inarticulate poetry and weird-for-the-sake-of-weird musicianship of OK Computer with a brand of synthesized rambling usually associated with the crazy, bearded, compulsively-masturbating auteurs of “IDM,” which is an imaginary sub-genre of electronic music (the "I" stands for "Intelligent" which stands for "pretentious and meaningless"). One would think that such wild-eyed, obstreperous garbage would have no choice but to be interesting, but Radiohead once again defied expectations by making the albums as boring as a tea-party with grandma. Not even your own grandma, with whom you had an emotional connection. This was like a tea party with your neighbor's grandma. The decidedly lukewarm reaction from the music press only added to the die-hard fans' mistaken impression that these albums were deep and mysterious.
Their next move, to their credit, was a shrewd one. They were well aware that even their most glassy-eyed followers were itching for some kind of return to form. The fans found it hard to articulate what exactly they were missing when they listened to Kid A and Amnesiac; what it was, of course, was the fact that all the tunes had been cleverly removed. Radiohead had made two albums that superficially resembled music but really weren't music at all. So, in order to drum up public interest in their next album, they made the outlandish claim it would contain actual tunes and, if we were lucky, perhaps guitar playing which conformed to some sort of pattern. The carrot at the end of this stick was kept tantalizingly out of reach, of course. "Hail to the Thief" (a title which they bought off of Don Henley for a copy of Stupid White Men and a new cardboard box) was released this year directly into the cable modems of a million greasy social deviants who loved it almost enough to buy it. The album contains, when we're lucky, primitive, one-celled predecessors of tunes that with a few million years of evolution might be able to fill up a 5 second cell phone ringtone. They've given you just enough of what you want that you'll buy their next record, but luckily for them they've set the delightful precedent that they can sell just as many records without having to write any actual songs.
Radiohead, the kings nerdy, boring, tuneless rock music, are on top of the world. They've proven time and time again that they can piss directly into your open mouths, and you'll frolic and gargle in the yellow stream like God himself was giving you a nectar-bath. Loathsome pseudo-intellectual college boys used to have ponytails; now they have Radiohead. God help you, you stupid, gullible infants.
I hope you've found this educational. The first step toward recovery is to break down the misguided opinions that the music press has formed for you. You can't be truly free until you can look at what was once your favorite band and say, “everything they've ever done has been utter shit.” Hopefully I'll be able to lovingly guide you through this process, and gently persuade you about many other bands in a similar fashion. You might tell me “David, there is no possible way you could dislike (insert name of terrible band you stupidly think is good). They are geniuses.” Oh, but I can, and I do. I look forward to the opportunity to shit upon all that you hold sacred, because it's the only way you'll ever learn, you media-addled philistines. Feel free to never under any circumstances e-mail me and share your mentally stunted ramblings. Better yet, feel free to just weep in your goddamned Livejournal about it instead.
– Dr. David Thorpe (@Arr)
COLUMBIA — The number of times the FBI allowed sales of guns with incomplete background checks jumped by thousands last year even as the process received increased scrutiny and calls for reform following the mistaken sale of a gun to a South Carolina man accused of shooting nine people in a black Charleston church.
In 2015, 271,359 background checks of gun buyers were incomplete after the federal government's three-day limit, according to data provided by the FBI to The Greenville News. Of those, 9,063 were later denied. That means 9,063 people the FBI later determined should not be allowed to own a gun were allowed to buy guns because the agency could not complete a background check in time.
The FBI does not know how many background checks actually result in gun sales so even though more than 9,000 checks came after the three-day waiting period, it cannot say how many of those involved people who walked out of a store with a firearm.
But a good indication of those who get them who shouldn't are the FBI's retrieval requests, which it sends to the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms to pick up guns if it believes a firearm was sold and the buyer should not own one. In 2015, according to the agency, it sent 2,892 such requests, up from 2,511 such requests in 2014.
There is no indication in any of the FBI data what happened after it sent such requests.
Last year The News reported that the FBI gave the green light to 6,000 gun purchasers in 2014 who it later determined should not own a gun.
Requests overall for firearm background checks increased by 10 percent last year, according to the agency.
U.S. Rep. James Clyburn of Columbia, assistant leader of Democrats in the House, has proposed the Background Check Completion Act, which would prevent a gun from being transferred by a licensed dealer until the background check is finished.
“The latest numbers show the problem is not going away, but getting worse,” he told The News. “Congress must pass my bill, the Background Check Completion Act, to close the Charleston Loophole and keep dangerous weapons out of the hands of people the law already says should not own them. The policy should be very simple: no check, no sale.”
Dylann Roof, the 21-year-old charged in the shooting deaths of nine people at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston on June 17, 2015, was allowed to purchase his .45-caliber handgun at a Columbia store because federal authorities could not locate the arrest records within the three-day period that showed a drug charge the FBI says would have disqualified him from purchasing a gun.
Licensed firearm dealers can proceed with a sale if no determination is made by the FBI during the three-day waiting period, though some, such as Wal-Mart, wait until a check is complete before transferring the weapon.
For 2015, the FBI reported a total of 23.1 million background checks through its National Instant Criminal Background Check System, up from a total of 20.9 the year before. The numbers through July are on pace to surpass those of 2015, with 16 million checks thus far, according to the agency. However, generally more than half of those are processed by states who prefer to do their own background checks or at least some of them. In 2014, the NICS staff processed 8.2 million checks and denied slightly more than 90,000.
There were 326,997 checks initiated as the result of requests through South Carolina firearms dealers in 2015, up from 289,764 in 2014, according to the agency.
Since 1998, the nation has operated under a system in which licensed firearm dealers send the names of those seeking to buy a gun to the NICS, where the agency is able to instantly run a background check in about 91 percent of the cases.
But some cases require further digging and for a variety of reasons, some records cannot be found until after the three-day period.
Of the 90,000 denials in 2014, more than 38,000 were denied because of a felony conviction or a misdemeanor conviction carrying a sentence of more than two years in prison.
The second-most common reason for denial is the purchaser is a fugitive from justice, according to the agency.
Other reasons for denial include the person being an unlawful drug user or addicted to a controlled substance; having a misdemeanor conviction for domestic violence; someone who has been adjudicated with a mental health issue, an illegal alien or someone who was dishonorably discharged from the military; someone who has been indicted; or who has renounced their United States citizenship.
The NICS continues checking a purchaser's background even after the three-day waiting period and up to 90 days, if necessary.
If the denial comes after the three-day period, the dealer is contacted, according to the agency, to see if the gun was transferred. In some cases, stores wait until a check is complete before selling. In others, even though the store is open to a sale, the buyer can change their mind. So the number who actually wind up with guns after background check submisssions isn't known.
Over the past decade, the agency has had to track down almost 32,000 people who the FBI eventually determined should not own a firearm but who had been allowed to buy a gun, The News reported last year.
The Upstate's two congressmen, U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy and U.S. Rep. Jeff Duncan, both Republicans, have not favored changing the background check waiting period.
“The Administration's focus should be bringing the background check system into the 21st Century by utilizing technology to allow for information to be communicated more efficiently, not on ways to curtail the rights of law abiding citizens,” Duncan told The News. “Perhaps if the Obama Administration spent more time enforcing the laws currently on the books and improving its processes, and less time vilifying gun owners, mistakes like this would not be made.”
Gowdy, who represents Greenville and Spartanburg and is a former prosecutor, said last year he voted in 2014 to increase funding for the background check system to ensure states are providing timely and accurate information for the database.
“This is about strengthening NICS to quickly and accurately provide records to ensure only law-abiding citizens can purchase and possess firearms, and it should not take a long time to identify individuals with criminal backgrounds, pending disqualifying charges, or statutorily specific mental instabilities who should not purchase or possess firearms,” he said then.
Several bills filed in South Carolina's Legislature in the past year sought to change the waiting period for background checks, expanding it to 28 days or until the check is complete, as Clyburn's bill in Congress does.
None of the bills received a hearing in the Senate, though one is planned in Charleston later this year.
Since lawmakers begin a new legislative session in January, any bill to change the waiting period will have to be refiled.
Up until very recently, most people had not heard of universal basic income (UBI). While the idea itself isn't entirely new, its significance has been explored lately because of job displacement fears intelligent automation is expected to bring with it.
As such, UBI has been endorsed by experts from various industries, including some of the Silicon Valley's bigwigs. Now, some of the world's top economists are backing it up, too.
Speaking at a panel discussion at the 6th Lindau meeting on economic sciences back in June, winners of the Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel - more commonly known as the "economics Nobel prize" - endorsed UBI as a solution to the inequality brought by globalisation and automation. The economics Nobel laureates. Image credit: Lindau Nobel Mediatheque
"We should not try to deal with inequality by stopping these global processes, because these have the capacity to bring more prosperity to the world," Sir Chris Pissarides said.
"We should welcome expansion of trade and the opening up of India and Africa, and improve R&D to bring robotics into production. After all, if there aren't enough jobs for us all to do, we can take more leisure."
"We are ageing, so we can feel comfortable that machines will do more of the work that human beings currently do."
Simply put, a UBI program allows people to receive a fixed income regardless of circumstances - employment, social status, etc.
Aside from potentially helping people cope with automation, those who favour UBI also see it as an alternative to today's social welfare programs. Others who are skeptical of it often point out how it could make people lazy and reluctant to find proper employment.
Sir Chris thinks it won't be the case. "Universal basic income is an easy way of providing for the basic needs of life. Then you can perhaps provide social services such as health and education through the market," he explained.
"The state could subsidise wages in these industries, or employ people directly on reasonable incomes who otherwise would be unemployed. Rather than providing people with state-run services, you can trust people to decide for themselves how to spend their money."
Currently, a number of countries and even private institutions are already conducting UBI trials. Leading the bunch is Finland, Canada, and in the US, Hawaii. There's even a blockchain-based UBI.
These trial runs are necessary to figure out details that come with implementing a basic income program on a larger scale.
This article was originally published by Futurism. Read the original article.
Evolutionary biologist, author, and outspoken atheist and skeptic Richard Dawkins is collaborating with celebrated comic book artist Dave McKean on a children's book, which will hit stores on October 4th. Titled The Magic of Reality: How We Know What's Really True, the book promises not just to stuff children's heads with factoids, as some children's books do, but to teach them critical thinking skills and introduce them to the scientific method.
From the book jacket as posted on Dawkins' site:
The Magic of Reality, with its explanations of space, time, evolution and more, will inspire and amaze readers of all ages — young adults, adults, children, octogenarians … In stunning words and pictures this book presents the real story of the world around us, taking us on an enthralling journey through scientific reality, and showing that it has an awe-inspiring beauty and thrilling magic which far exceed those of the ancient myths. We encounter rainbows, our genetic ancestors, tsunamis, shooting stars, plants, animals, and an intriguing cast of characters in this extraordinary scientific voyage of discovery. Richard Dawkins and Dave McKean have created a dazzling celebration of our planet that will entertain and inform for years to come.
Now available for preorder on Amazon.
(Amazon via Boing Boing)
France keeps Scientology sites under surveillance
The Church of Scientology in France will be tried in court for "organised fraud", according to legal sources.
The lawyer for one of the plaintiffs behind the case told the BBC that if convicted the controversial Church could be banned.
The Church has faced stiff opposition in France as well as Germany, where it has been declared unconstitutional.
The French branch of the Church of Scientology said it had been cleared of "numerous" similar charges.
It said such charges should not be brought to court again.
This case stems from claims by a woman who said she was approached by Scientologists in a Paris street in 1998 and offered a free personality test.
She says she ended up handing over more than 20,000 euros (£16,000) for courses, books, illegally prescribed drugs and an "electrometer" supposed to measure fluctuations in her mental state.
Olivier Morice, a lawyer for the woman and for one other plaintiff in the case, says the case could be brought before the court by the end of the year or in early 2009.
'Commercial operation'
Scientology was founded in the United States in the 1950s by science-fiction writer L Ron Hubbard.
It has attracted stars such as Tom Cruise, John Travolta and the late Isaac Hayes.
But it has been accused in some countries of cult-like practices and exploiting its followers financially.
Scientologists reject this and say that they promote a religion based on the understanding of the human spirit.
France refuses to recognise Scientology as a religion, categorising it as a purely commercial operation and keeping it under surveillance.
In Germany last year, federal and state interior ministers declared the Church of Scientology unconstitutional, and in France in 2000 a government committee recommended dissolving the Church.
However, in October a Spanish court ruled that the Church of Scientology of Spain should be re-entered into the country's register of officially recognised religions.
• West Ham look set to qualify for the Europa League via the fair play route but the club are wary because they move into the Olympic Stadium for 2016-17 and cannot countenance relegation
Sam Allardyce can see the funny side; how the whole thing flies in the face of popular perception. “Imagine me winning the fair play league,” the West Ham United manager said, bellowing with laughter. “You wouldn't have thought that, would you?” But Allardyce can also see the worrying side. With two games to play, West Ham are in line to be granted England's bonus Europa League spot, which has been handed out by Uefa on account of the Premier League's excellent overall fair play record this season.
All of a sudden Allardyce can see the potential for a difficult summer and a bloated season next time out. West Ham sit second in the fair play table, behind Liverpool – who are likely to qualify for the Europa League via their league position – and marginally ahead of Everton, who are the visitors to Upton Park on Saturday.
If West Ham were to finish above Everton in that table, they would enter the first qualifying round of the Europa League, the first leg of which is scheduled for 2 July. There are three qualifying rounds and they finish on Thursday 6 August – two days before the new league season kicks off. The Europa League then has a two-leg play-off before the six-match group phase.
Were West Ham to go all the way to the final, they would have added 23 games to their season. And this, of course, is the season in which nothing can be allowed to jeopardise their league prospects. Given the move to the Olympic Stadium in 2016-17, West Ham cannot countenance relegation. There is no plan B for that. If Allardyce departs the club – as is likely – after the final match of this season at Newcastle United on Sunday week, it will be somebody else's problem. Allardyce's contract expires next month and, for him, D-day looms. But the fair play issue is his to talk about now and the implications, to borrow his words, “completely change” everything.
The fair play table will be finalised at the end of the month, based primarily on the marks that each club receive from match delegates in five categories: red and yellow cards; positive play; respect towards opponents; respect towards the referee, and the behaviour of officials. There is also an extra category that relates to the conduct of the club's fans.
Yet the draw for the first and second qualifying rounds of the Europa League is not until 22 June. Forward planning stands to be fraught. Allardyce noted: “you would have six very good [qualifying] games that take care of your pre-season”. But there is a risk attached to this, and he added: “If we get knocked out in the first matches, we have to find games thereafter that we can't commit to now.”
The greater concern is what happens during the league season. Allardyce has enjoyed one European campaign during his managerial career, when he took Bolton Wanderers to the last 32 of the Uefa Cup in 2005-06. Their Premier League form did not suffer – they finished the season eighth – but the English game is littered with examples of clubs who have found the balancing act more difficult.
“There are well-proven facts about the problems in Europe for teams that play there,” Allardyce said. “They affect the smaller teams more. It is extremely difficult winning on the Sunday after you've played on the Thursday, particularly when you've played away from home. You have to have fewer injuries than you've ever had. Not getting injuries on the scale we've had this season would be critical.” This season finishes later than those in recent years and the next one will begin earlier than normal. The summer break already feels squeezed, and that is before any international demands are factored in.
“The players would have to come back sooner,” Allardyce said. “But we have international players and, together with those who have played a lot this season, they would be left out of the first squad [for the first qualifier]. It's an extremely difficult one to manage in terms of how we plan for pre-season.”
Uefa has announced that qualification to the Europa League via fair play will stop after next season. Even the governing body, it seems, has reservations about rewarding the fairest, rather than the best. “If they are getting rid of it, then they must think that,” Allardyce said.
Allardyce acknowledged that European football “can be a fantastic experience” but he is painfully aware of the priority for next season. “I won't take any risks with our Premier League status at all,” Allardyce said. “I will take the criticism over any team selections. It is more important for this club than any other club. We need Premier League football going into that new arena.”
Three months ago, I noted that the United States might benefit from the pain being suffered by the citizens of the United Kingdom. The reason was the new coalition government's commitment to prosperity through austerity. As predicted, this looks very much like a path to pain and stagnation, not healthy growth.
That's bad news for the citizens of the United Kingdom. They will be forced to suffer through years of unnecessarily high unemployment. They will also have to endure cutbacks in support for important public services like healthcare and education.
But the pain for the people in England could provide a useful example for the United States. After failing to see the $8tn housing bubble that wrecked the US economy, the austerity crew in the United States has been newly emboldened by the hugely partisan media that desperately want to eviscerate the country's bedrock social programmes: social security and Medicare.
The elite media and the politicians whom they promote would love to see the United States follow the austerity path of the UK's new government. However, if this path takes the UK into dangerous economic waters, it could provide a powerful warning to the public in the United States before we make the same mistake.
The British economy looks like it is doing its part. The fourth-quarter GDP report showing that the economy went into reverse and shrank at a 2.0% annual rate is exactly the sort of warning that many of us here were expecting. Weather-related factors may have slowed growth some, but you would have to do some serious violence to the data to paint a positive picture. Of course, the austerity in the UK is just beginning. There will likely be much worse pain to come, with a real possibility that the country will experience a double-dip recession, or at least a prolonged period of stagnation.
While the UK seems to be doing its part, the key question is whether anyone in the United States is prepared to take the lesson. Prior to this episode, there was already a solid economic case that large public deficits were necessary to support the economy in the period following the collapse of an asset bubble. The point is simply that the private sector is not prepared to make up the demand gap, at least in the short term. Both short-term and long-term interest rates are pretty much as low as they can be.
Furthermore, even if weaker demand did manage to push interest rates down from current levels, it is unlikely that they would have much effect on private spending. Businesses that didn't want to invest when the 10-year treasury bond rate was 3.4% are unlikely to start expanding if the rate fell to 2.4%, especially if the lower rate is coupled with higher unemployment and weaker demand.
The same story applies to consumers. This sort of drop in interest rates is not about to kick off a consumption binge. Consumers remain heavily indebted as a result of the collapse of the housing bubble. Lower interest rates will change this picture little. Furthermore, a consumption splurge is even less likely if government cutbacks mean that more workers are unemployed or worried about losing their jobs.
There might be more hope from an increase in net exports following a turn to austerity, but this would depend on a decline in the value of the dollar and healthy growth in US trading partners. Neither of these seems like good bets at the moment.
This means that the predictable result of austerity is slower growth and higher unemployment. The UK has volunteered to be our guinea pig and test this proposition. For now, it looks like things are going just as standard economic theory predicts: the economy is slowing and unemployment is likely to rise.
Hopefully, citizens of the UK will tire of the rhetoric of austerity as a way to make politicians feel good about tightening other peoples' belts. Maybe the Liberal Democrats will break away from the coalition and force new elections.
From this side of the pond, though, the goal is simply to encourage people to pay attention. The UK might be home to 60 million people, but from the standpoint of US economic policy, it is simply exhibited A: it is the country that did what our deficit hawks want to do in the US.
The takeaway lesson should be "austerity does not work; don't go there." Unfortunately, in the land of faith-based economics, evidence does not count for much. The UK may pursue a disastrous austerity path and those of us in the United States may still have to follow the same road anyhow. But we opponents of that course all appreciate the willingness of the UK to demonstrate the foolishness of this action.
A network abstraction layer is a must-have in any app that interact with a server. In Objective-C, this abstraction layer is usually done in two steps :
First, subclass the main networking component from our library, usually AFHTTPSessionManager when using AFNetworking.
Second, create categories on our models — or services of some kind — to put in our networking stuff. All this wrapped in convenient, explicit methods of course.
It's not too bad, but here comes Swift and we now get a chance to look at this layer from a new angle.
Our goals are:
Flexibility , to be able to edit or add new endpoints efficiently
, to be able to edit or add new endpoints efficiently Readability , to have a good idea of how our API work at a glance
, to have a good idea of how our API work at a glance Code safety , with typed parameters. This allows all the pre-compilation goodness we expect from Xcode (completion, validation).
, with typed parameters. This allows all the pre-compilation goodness we expect from Xcode (completion, validation). Easy debugging, meaning being able to insert logs before and after web requests
Endpoints
Let's imagine we want our app to connect to a web-service allowing us to both fetch and add objects for a given model Color. Our first task is of course to create this model in our app. Once this taken care of, we can start thinking about how we want to interact with this API.
With Swift, enumerations became more powerful than ever. They are a great way to define our endpoints in a readable and type-safe way. Moreover, each enum case can declare associated values of any type to be stored with it.
For each of those Endpoints, we can provide a clear switch-based implementation for the method, path and parameters we'll want to use.
As you can see, associated values are ideal to wrap all informations needed for our request into one endpoint enum case.
Request
With a proper representation of our endpoints, we can now create our own request function on top of Alamofire. It will only need an Endpoints enum case and a completion handler to rock and roll!
This function is also the perfect place to put any operations we might want to be executed before and after the request took place. Logging for instance (here I'm using Cocoalumberjack, don't mind the syntax).
Result
After wrapping all that previous code into a publicly accessible class API, we can call our server like so:
Pretty sweet eh? Readable, type-safe and with only one file to reflect any changes in our API. Mission accomplished!
A project named Moya took the same direction using enums to abstract the network layer. A great library, though I feel Swift makes it actually pretty easy and brief to build it yourself.
Belisle Family Friends Ask For Help as Nancy Battles Cancer
Whether standing on the bench or in a dugout, Dave Belisle is a motivator, an inspirator and an all around great coach of the Cumberland Little League team and of the Mount Saint Charles hockey team, who's season is in full swing.
As it turns out, Belisle is all those things at home as well, for his wife Nancy. Fifteen months ago, Nancy was diagnosed with colon cancer and has been battling it hard ever since.
However, with her battling cancer, comes expensive medical bills for the various treatments and, not all of those bills are covered by insurance which leaves the family to have to pay for it.
Friends of the Belisle family have put together an online account in which people can go to and donate to the family in order to help pay off some of the bills.
The goal dollar amount has been set at $250,000.
To help out Dave Belisle and his family by donating what you can, click here.
Related Articles
Enjoy this post? Share it with others.
There was a good discussion on Twitter yesterday regarding a code contribution to the Laravel framework. It ended with some good questions about the distinctions between “refactoring” vs “changing” code.
While I want to focus on these distinctions, let's first focus on the code change.
Here's the original code:
public static function before ( $subject , $search ) { if ( $search == '' ) { return $subject ; } $pos = strpos ( $subject , $search ); if ( $pos === false ) { return $subject ; } return substr ( $subject , 0 , $pos ); }
And the “refactored” code:
public static function before ( $subject , $search ) { return empty ( $search ) ? $subject : explode ( $search , $subject )[ 0 ]; }
A nice, clean one liner. All tests passed and the code was merged.
Developers with a keen testing eye may have already noticed an issue, but most noticed I quoted refactored.
That's because this code wasn't refactored, it was changed. Let's recall the definition of “refactor”.
to restructure software without changing its observable behavior
In this case, because the new code behaves differently than the original, the observable behavior changed.
How does it behave differently?
This takes that keen testing eye, but a ready example is when $search is 0 . The original code would search within $subject and return the string before the 0 occurrence. Whereas the new code would return early with $subject . Not the same behavior.
Unfortunately the existing tests did not catch this. As such, it was on the contributor to spot this changed behavior - which they later did and submitted a patch with the missing test. Upon doing so, this became a true refactor and nice contribution!
However, this lead to another interesting question - since all the existing tests passed, was the original contribution a successful refactor.
Given the symbiotic relationship between refactoring and testing, some consider the tests to be the requirements. So if all tests pass, you met the requirements.
I think that's a slippery slope. For me, the definition of “refactoring” again provides the answer through its own question - did we change the observable behavior?
In this case, yes - we can observe the behavior changed. So the original contribution was not a true refactor, despite the passing tests.
Nonetheless, I think there are some other interesting points around refactoring and testing. Ones I will explore in a future post. For now, be mindful you're truly “refactoring” code and not “changing” code.
BERLIN — The man who attacked passengers on a crowded Swiss train with a knife and burning liquid died of his wounds Sunday, as did one of his victims, a 34-year-old woman, Swiss police said. Three others remain hospitalized with serious wounds.
Police are still searching for a motive but said there's no indication the suspect, identified only as a 27-year-old Swiss man from a neighbouring region, had ties to extremist groups.
A 43-year-old woman, a six-year-old girl and 17-year-old girl remained hospitalized Sunday with serious injuries, one in critical condition, St. Gallen canton (state) police spokesman Hans-Peter Kruesi told The Associated Press. A 17-year-old youth and 50-year-old man wounded in the attack have been treated and released, he said.
Kruesi said all the victims lived in the St. Gallen canton.
Swiss police searched the suspect's home after the Saturday afternoon attack on the train as it neared the station in Salez, close to the Liechtenstein border. Kruesi would not comment on what evidence was seized at the home, but said "so far there are no indications this was a terrorist or politically motivated crime."
Police were not able to question the suspect before he died, Kruesi said, adding that the man had no criminal record and was not previously known to police.
According to a video of the attack evaluated by police, the assailant acted alone, attacking passengers on the train between Buchs and Sennwald with a knife and then burning liquid, which is now being analyzed by a police forensics team.
The train driver was being credited with quick thinking, continuing into the Salez station before stopping, a move that allowed police and rescue crews to get on board easier.
Five passengers on the train were wounded in the attack and a sixth person on the train platform, the 50-year-old man, was wounded as he pulled the burning suspect off the train, police said. The 50-year-old was treated for smoke inhalation and burns, Kruesi said.
The Swiss train attack again illustrates how difficult it is for authorities to protect the continent's labyrinthine transport system, particularly against individuals wielding unsophisticated weapons.
Last month in neighbouring Germany, a 17-year-old refugee from Afghanistan used an axe and a knife to wound four tourists on a train, and stabbed a woman as he fled. The attacker was shot and killed by police. All his victims survived.
In May at a train station in the German state of Bavaria, a 27-year-old German man who had been in psychiatric care stabbed commuters, killing one and wounding three others before being apprehended by police.
Last year, a heavily armed gunman opened fire on a high-speed Amsterdam to Paris train but was overpowered by two young American servicemen and their companion.
I'm in an outrage because this is way to easy to make, which means, I could have chocolate pudding at my fingertips WAY too often. If you can operate a microwave (or turn on your stove burner to low for a couple minutes), then you can make this pudding. No joke. Why do I do this to myself?!?!
But, you know, it's not just that it's easy; it's creamy, rich, deliciousness that goes perfect with a nice dollop of whipped cream, a few bits of fruit, like strawberries or raspberries and a tiny little spoon so you can at least maintain some dignity while you devour it.
Add a couple drops of peppermint extract, or orange, or almond, or coconut, for variety. Or layer with your favorite fruit in cute dishes. Heck, I'm even considering using it as a cake filling because…well, just because I can. Don't tell me what I can and cannot do! :-D.
Enjoy, my sweet pudding friends.
OH, and also, make these two together: Quick & Dirty Strawberry Shortcake.
Layer of Shortcake, layer of pudding, layer of strawberries, shortcake on top, dollop of whipped cream, some more strawberries. I meant to take a picture when I did this, but then it all disappeared into my face and sooo…no pic. Sorry! Take my word for it though, decadence like no other!!
Step by Step:
Heat the coconut milk and cocoa powder until scalding. Stir in non-dairy butter and chocolate. Pour into cute glasses and chill. Eat!
Share this: Facebook
Pinterest
Reddit
Twitter
Email
Singapore: Industrialist Mukesh Ambani was on Thursday named India's richest person for a ninth year in a row with a sharp increase in net worth to $22.7 billion, while Sun Pharma's Dilip Shanghvi was ranked a distant second with a wealth of $16.9 billion.
The Hinduja Family moved up to the third position ($15.2 billion) on the annual Forbes list of India's 100 Richest People. Wipro's Azim Premji slipped one place to fourth with a net worth of $15 billion. Patanjali Ayurved's Acharya Balkrishna, known as a close associate of yoga guru Ramdev, has made a surprise entry at the 48th position with a net worth of $2.5 billion on the list compiled by the American business magazine known for its rich lists.
Forbes said the combined net worth of India's 100 wealthiest is $381 billion (nearly ₹ 25.5 trillion), a rise of 10% from $345 billion in 2015. Mukesh Ambani's wealth rose in the past one year from $18.9 billion to $22.7 billion (over ₹ 1.5 trillion) on 21% surge in share price of Reliance Industries, the flagship company of his group, which recently launched 4G mobile services with much fanfare. He was ranked 36th in the global rich list.
Younger brother Anil Ambani was ranked 32nd with a net worth of $3.4 billion, down from 29th spot last year. Shanghvi also retained his second position, though his wealth fell by $1.1 billion due to plunge in share price of his group firm Sun Pharma, the world's fifth largest generic drugmaker, Forbes said.
Hinduja brothers rose to the third spot by displacing Premji and saw their worth rising to $15.2 billion, from $14.8 a year ago. “The four siblings - Srichand, Gopichand, Prakash, and Ashok - control multinational empire Hinduja Group, with businesses ranging from trucks and lubricants to banking and cable television. The group commissioned its much-delayed 1,040 mw thermal power unit in South India in July," the magazine said.
“In a post-Brexit world, India appears a steady ship with an economy growing at 7 per cent-plus. The majority of India's 100 richest have notched up handsome gains as their companies have outperformed the stock market in the past year. As the domestic investment cycle starts kicking in, we can expect more gains and new names in the future," Forbes Asia's India editor Naazneen Karmali said about the list.
Elizabeth Dickinson was putting the finishing touches on two employee management books about self-coaching and coaching others when representatives of a progressive women's group approached her.
With no other viable female candidates in the race, how would she feel about running for St. Paul mayor?
Dickinson, 57, has been an actress, a psychologist, a state lobbyist and personal life coach. But mayor?
Her prior campaigns — 2003 for city council and 2005 for mayor — both ended in busy political primaries, eliminating her from contention well before election day. And that was a dozen years ago, when she was still active with the West Side Community Organization and Clean Energy Now, the advocacy coalition she co-founded.
But this time around, there is no primary election to pare down the candidates. On Nov. 7, the Green Party-endorsed Dickinson will appear on the ballot, though the 10-person field remains as crowded as ever.
“They said there's a hole in the race and we think you should fill it,” said Dickinson, recalling the conversation that got her back into politics shortly after Christmas Day, a relatively late start for serious contenders. “There wasn't anybody carrying an environmental agenda and energy agenda. There wasn't a woman. And there wasn't a person that I saw with the leadership skills that I've developed over the past 20 years.”
A GREEN AGENDA
Related Articles One-on-One: Trump, Kim confront North Korea's nuke plans
Arden Hills rejects mediation over 427-acre development at former army plant
Paul Girard tapped to be Forest Lake council member
Walz unveils $1.27 billion public construction proposal
Lawmaker who said gun control supporters should be ‘stomped' apologizes — but denies he said what he said For the past 10 months, she's toured the city promoting the gradual implementation of a $15 minimum wage that would apply to all businesses, large and small, without exception.
She also touts a wider variety of college-level training for police officers and law enforcement students. And, she's proposing to convert corners of St. Paul's East Side into hubs for manufacturing jobs in renewable energy.
And Dickinson wants to see solar panels on every school building, maintained in part by voluntary energy subscriptions from city residents.
“Wind and solar are renewable forever,” she said over coffee recently at Grumpy Steve's Coffee House by the Wabasha Street Caves. “I think we could position ourselves as the energy capital of the Midwest. I've talked with (St. Paul-based) All Energy Solar, and they can't find enough electricians to install their panels. They're offering signing bonuses.”
Some call her a long shot — she's raised about $20,000 in campaign cash, or 5 percent of what other leading candidates have amassed. But even supposed front runners privately acknowledge that the vagaries of ranked-choice voting could produce surprises when the final votes are tallied. The depth of Dickinson's appeal is tough to gauge.
On Nov. 7, St. Paul residents will be able to choose up to six mayoral candidates in order of preference, so even voters who don't list her first on the ballot may still end up casting a vote her way.
In full view of lawn signs for competing candidates, she's knocked on doors and proudly asked voters to rank her as their second choice. With a chuckle, she recalls at least one resident informing her they had no background on the mayoral race and had no idea what their own lawn sign was about. There's an uncertainty in the air this election season, and Dickinson is part of it.
“I think people want to get beyond polarization — Republican, Democrat, Communist, capitalist, white, black,” she said. “Having a two-party system, the way it's entrenched, I'm not sure it always helps the public good.”
$15 WITHOUT EXCEPTION?
Small-business owners have questioned whether they'll be able to afford nearly doubling the current state minimum wage to $15, though Dickinson points out she's advocating for a gradual phase-in equivalent to raising wages roughly 75 cents per year.
“They'll say if we're hiring a 15-year-old kid, and this is their first job, they're not worth $15 per hour,” Dickinson said. “But we're also talking about single women with kids. Maybe they only hire one 15-year-old instead of three. I really think that someday we'll see this as so basic, like the 40-hour work week, and like having child-labor laws.”
Dan McElroy, president and CEO of the Minnesota Restaurant Association, points out that restaurants forced to raise wages will raise food prices to compensate, and then eliminate tipping to keep their customers.
As a result, servers accustomed to earning $30 an hour after tips may see their income cut in half. In that light, prominent voices such as former Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak and the “Pathway to $15” coalition, composed of restaurant owners and servers, have asked for exemptions for tipped employees. But Dickinson is firmly opposed.
Instead, she wants to explore other forms of savings, such as using increased payroll taxes to offset healthcare costs for small businesses.
“If you listen emphatically, nonjudgmentally, after a while, they'll say ‘yeah, we can work with it,' ” she said.
Highland Park resident Laura Goodman likes her approach.
“In our divisive world today, we need people who will work to bring people together to solve problems, and I see her leadership style as someone who will do that, as opposed to her just assuming she has all the answers to the problems,” Goodman said. “(Dickinson understands) if we want to change the culture of policing, we need to get more women in policing.”
IMMIGRANT ROOTS
Upon meeting her, few voters might realize Dickinson comes from immigrant roots. Her mother, who is British, worked as a meteorologist during World War II before joining her father, a factory technician, in a historic New England mill town outside Lowell, Mass.
Dickinson worked as a substitute teacher, obtained a master's degree in psychology and opened a private practice in Massachusetts.
She met her husband, Christopher Childs, on stage when they were both auditioning for the role of husband and wife. She and Childs, a national spokesman for Green Peace, moved to the Twin Cities in 1998, in part to take advantage of the better health insurance benefits for performers.
That same year, Childs published “The Spirit's Terrain: Creativity, Activism, and Transformation,” which urges activists to embrace meditation and optimistic outlooks, rather than negativity and melodrama.
Among her credits, Dickinson wrote and starred in a one-woman show at the popular Twin Cities Fringe Festival based on the life of the 19th century poet Emily Dickinson. The show was named “Best of the Fringe” for three years running.
“She's a cousin four times removed,” Dickinson said.
Mayoral candidates Melvin Carter III and Pat Harris both sat on the St. Paul City Council, where Dai Thao holds an active seat. Tom Goldstein served on the St. Paul School Board.
Has Dickinson ever held elected office? The answer is no, but she has walked the halls of the Minnesota State Capitol in an effort to sway votes.
As a lobbyist, she represented the Minnesota AIDS Project and Healthy Legacy, an organization that advocated for removing toxic chemicals from consumer products. Dickinson also represented the National Parent Teacher Association as it advocated for “Common Core” academic standards in English and math. She co-founded Clean Energy Now, a coalition that successfully pressured Xcel Energy to shift its St. Paul High Bridge and Minneapolis Riverside power plants from coal-burning to natural gas.
“You don't have a coal-burning power plant in St. Paul because of Elizabeth,” said Justin Eibenholzl, a fellow co-founder of Clean Energy Now. “So you can all breathe a little easier — we all can in the entire seven-county metro.”
In 2003, Chris Coleman chose to run for mayor rather than seek re-election to the Ward 2 City Council seat representing downtown and surrounding neighborhoods, and Dickinson saw her chance.
A couple years of service on the board of the West Side Community Organization and the backing of the Green Party helped prop up her campaign.
That September, her race ended when she came in a close third in a seven-way political primary behind Dave Thune and Christine Nelson. Undeterred, Dickinson shifted gears and ran for mayor, again coming in third in an eight-way political primary in September 2005 behind Randy Kelly, the incumbent, and Coleman, who went on to become mayor.
Since 2011, she's made a career of one-on-one personal coaching, helping individuals map out career and life goals, as well as presentations to the corporate sector.
In her most recent campaign, she's drawn official endorsements from Women Winning, the Green Party of Minnesota, the Sierra Club and Clean Water Action, as well as veteran labor organizer Roy Magnuson and former state Rep. Michael Paymar, DFL-St. Paul.
PLAYING CATCHUP
Dickinson acknowledges she's never had to cast a difficult vote on a city budget, but she says she's done her homework.
RELATED: St. Paul mayor's race candidate profiles
To bone up on police training, she's met with the St. Paul Police Chief, completed ride-alongs with two female police officers, and interviewed international policing experts. She sees herself as less threatening to the St. Paul Police Federation than Carter, who has called for specific reforms in police training, and less firmly aligned than Harris, whom they've endorsed.
“I've been on some of the local college websites to examine the curriculum of criminal justice and law enforcement programs,” Dickinson said. “Not all of these feeder colleges are teaching the kinds of skills the public says it wants the police to have: implicit/explicit bias training, de-escalation training, community policing and engagement skills to the same degree.”
She also wants the St. Paul Police Department to forge better connections to mentoring programs like Big Brothers, Big Sisters.
The city's Right Track summer internship program draws applications from some 1,200 youth for 500 jobs. In her view, it needs to expand.
Hollywood and Highland and the moon (Photo by John Lopez via the LAist Featured Photos pool)
A woman was stabbed to death Tuesday night right in the heart of Hollywood.
It happened just after 8 pm at the intersection of Hollywood Boulevard and Highland Avenue, according to City News Service. The victim was identified as Monica Moore, 33, of Los Angeles, KTLA reported. (Eds. note: KTLA retracted their report naming the victim, and the Los Angeles Times named a different woman of a different age.)
Details about the stabbing are sketchy but police say that the woman was stabbed after she took a picture of at least two men and then refused to pay them. Police described the men as "transients." (Eds. note: We speculated earlier about why the victim was taking a photo of the suspects. See updates below.)
Two men were arrested, and police are searching for a third man.
UPDATE 5:25: We spoke to a man who identified himself as the woman's companion that evening: "Victim's Friend Describes Horrific Scene In Stabbing Attack At Hollywood And Highland"
UPDATE: 12:40 pm: The stabbing victim has been identified as Christina Calderon, 23, of Lynwood, according to the Los Angeles Times.
The transients were reportedly holding offensive signs with obscenities and begging for money. Calderon and her 34-year-old friend took pictures of them. The men demanded money and when the victim refused, the men attacked. Calderon was stabbed at least once, and was transported to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center. She died during surgery.
UPDATE 11:20 am: No word on whether the suspects were dressed up or why the victim might have been photographing them, but an LAPD spokesman told LAist a third man has been arrested in the case. The suspects were described only as men in their late 20s and early 30s.
Share. No director set yet. No director set yet.
Sony has set a release date for its Spider-Man spin-off film, Venom.
TheWrap reports Venom will open in theaters on October 5, 2018. That release date was originally occupied by Warner Bros.' Aquaman solo film before it recently got pushed back to December.
This version of the Marvel villain will reportedly not exist in the shared MCU as Tom Holland's Spider-Man. Sony first revived the film project last year and according to last year's reports, the film was “being envisioned as a franchise apart from and unrelated to the upcoming Spider-Man movie in the works with actor Tom Holland.”
Exit Theatre Mode
Avi Arad and Matt Tolmach, the producers of the Spider-Man movies for Sony, are also producing Venom. Scott Rosenberg and Jeff Pinkner are writing Venom.
Meanwhile, the first solo film for the MCU/Sony version of Spider-Man, Spider-Man: Homecoming, hits theaters on July 7.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this report claimed Alex Kurtzman was attached to direct. We have since learned that is no longer the case.
Alex Gilyadov is a freelance writer for IGN. You can follow him on Twitter.
Brief comparisons of number of whole brain neurons (top) and cerebral cortex neurons (bottom) among six mammals.
This is a list of representative animals by the number of neurons in their whole nervous system and the number of neurons in their brain (for those with a brain). These numbers are estimates derived by multiplying the density of neurons in a particular animal by the average volume of the animal's brain.
The whole human brain contains 86 billion neurons and roughly 16 billion neurons in the cerebral cortex.[1][2]
Overview [ edit ]
Neurons are the cells that transmit information in an animal's nervous system so that it can sense stimuli from its environment and behave accordingly. Not all animals have neurons; Trichoplax and sponges lack nerve cells altogether.
Neurons may be packed to form structures such as the brain of vertebrates or the neural ganglions of insects.
The number of neurons and their relative abundance in different parts of the brain is a determinant of neural function and, consequently, of behavior.
Whole nervous system [ edit ]
All numbers for neurons (except Caenorhabditis and Ciona), and all numbers for synapses (except Ciona) are estimations.
Cerebral cortex [ edit ]
Non-mammals are included in this list because, although only mammals have a cerebral cortex, the pallium of reptiles and birds is functionally similar to the mammalian cortex and is therefore also frequently referred to as "cortex".
See also [ edit ]
Image caption Genghis Khan was a great warrior, but where was he buried?
An 800-year-old puzzle about the burial place of Mongolian ruler Genghis Khan sparked a very 21st Century business.
Albert Lin was on an expedition to locate the lost tomb of the Mongol Empire founder, when satellite imagery firm DigitalGlobe donated some photos of potential areas for his team to scrutinise.
These images, taken from space, were enormous, and as nobody knows what the tomb actually looked like, there was no obvious place to start the search.
So the team decided to crowdsource for clues.
They returned to Mongolia three times to investigate "anomalies" in the photographs, submitted by eagle-eyed armchair enthusiasts.
Could one of these have been the burial site?
Alas, no - the search continues. But one of the team members, Shay Har-Noy, says: "We did find some ancient archaeological sites that are still in need of investigation."
The experience inspired them to set up crowdsourcing platform Tomnod, which offered satellite imagery from DigitalGlobe to people running their own projects. DigitalGlobe eventually acquired the firm.
Image copyright ESA Image caption Satellites can capture the shockwaves from an earthquake
It's an example of how increasingly complex, high-resolution satellite images are being offered to wider audiences - amateurs, scientists, businesses, governments - via cloud platforms that can handle and share these huge digital files.
As well as looking for long-lost tombs and ancient civilisations, teams are collaborating to assess the damage following earthquakes or to monitor illegal logging and the destruction of the rainforests.
Volunteers took part in the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 and helped monitor the extent of flood damage in Haiti after Hurricane Matthew struck.
And there are plenty of business applications, too.
For example, DigitalGlobe's images are helping car-sharing service Uber finds the best pick-up and drop-off locations for its drivers, telecoms companies site their wireless antennae more efficiently, and countries like Nigeria improve its maps.
Image copyright DIGITALGLOBE Image caption Shortwave infrared satellite imagery can help miners search for minerals
"We collect [images of] 3.5 million square kilometres a day, in high resolution," says Mr Har-Noy, who is now a vice president at DigitalGlobe.
"Every road, building, backyard, business - every animal, stream, lake."
This amounts to 70 terabytes of digital images every day - imagine filling up 140 500GB laptops to the brim with data.
And DigitalGlobe has had satellites in space for the last 17 years.
This massive image archive is like "a giant high-resolution time machine", he says, because it provides a detailed record of how our world has changed - and is changing.
DigitalGlobe uses Amazon Web Services' cloud platform to store all this data, with the advantage that users don't have to download large files but can rely on AWS' flexible computing power to handle them.
"Instead of moving the giant files I can run analytics against them where the files are," says Mr Har-Noy.
Image copyright ESA Image caption The European Space Agency's Sentinel satellites have a range of sophisticated sensors
The European Space Agency (ESA), which runs the Copernicus satellite earth observation programme, is also making its archive of images available to scientists and businesses across the world via the cloud.
"We realise our planet is a system and now we have humans as part of the equation," says Pierre-Philippe Mathieu, a data scientist at ESA.
"The only way to understand it is from space."
The archive, hosted by private cloud network Interoute, is being shared with everyone, from governments to entrepreneurs looking for ways to turn all this data into business opportunities.
ESA's pairs of Sentinel satellites are equipped with a range of sensors, from radar to interferometers, as well as high-resolution cameras.
These instruments are accurate enough to measure changes in ocean levels or soil quality, for example, or the shockwaves caused by an earthquake.
They can also track the spread of water pollution, the impact of fossil fuel burning, and changes in the size of the ozone layer hole.
Image copyright DIGITALGLOBE Image caption Infrared imaging can help authorities monitor volcanic eruptions
"This kind of data has a very strong scientific impact," says Mr Mathieu. "Observation is the foundation of science - and it can lead to data-driven decision making."
Thanks to an open data initiative in common with many public bodies, academics, government ministers, even Inuit ice trekkers and the beauty industry, have benefited from access to this enormous gallery of "earth selfies", as Mr Mathieu once described them in a Tedx talk.
Some entrepreneurs have created apps for farmers, combining weather data, plant and soil analysis, and local intelligence, to help them maximise production.
Another app takes pollution imagery and localises it to allow runners to choose a route with the cleanest air.
"We're building a highway of information, and the backbone of that highway is the cloud," says Mr Mathieu. "Data is like money - if it doesn't move it has no value."
But analysing this growing treasure trove of images will soon require machines as well has humans, Mr Har-Noy believes.
This is why he is heading up an ambitious machine-learning project which he hopes will eventually enable images to be analysed and processed automatically by artificial intelligence rather than human eyes.
"Over the last three years there's been this explosion in the applicability of this technology and we are well poised to take advantage of that," he says.
His army of crowdsourcers now has a different mission.
"As machines get better we are using the humans to train the machines."
But will they be any better at finding Genghis Khan's tomb?
Follow Technology of Business editor Matthew Wall on Twitter and Facebook
Click here for more Technology of Business features
Shopping Cart 0 items ( View Cart
Keyword Search: Search Shop By Occasion: All Occasions Baby Birthday Christmas Easter Father's Day Friendship Get Well Graduation Halloween/Thanksgiving Love Mother's Day Religious Events Teacher Appreciation Thank you Valentine's Day Wedding/Anniversary Shop By Recipient: Armed Forces Aunt Brother Cat Lover Dad Daughter Dog Lover Friend Golden State Warrior's Fan Grandparents Husband Kids Love Mom Oakland A's Fan Oakland Raider Fan San Jose Sharks Fan SF 49'er Fan SF Giants Fan Sister Son Teacher Wife Shop By Product Line: 2017 Hallmark Keepsake Ornaments 2018 Hallmark Keepsake Ornaments As Seen On Hallmark Channel Movies Cable Bites Calendars Christmas Cottage Garden Cuddle Barn D K Publishing Delton Products Demdaco Art Hearts and Kelly Roberts Disney Tsum Tsum Ebony Visions Elf on the Shelf Emoji Pillows Enesco Britto Enesco Disney Showcase Enesco Foundations Enesco Growing Up Girls Enesco Homegrown Enesco Lolita Glasses Golden Books Gund Hallmark Jim Shore Josef Original Age Girls Klutz Lenox Licensed Sports Team Products Magnolia Home by Joanna Gaines Malden Frames Melissa & Doug Michel Design Works Mud Pie Old Guys Rule Our Name is Mud Pavilion Gift Co. Perfect Petzzz Precious Moments Primitives by Kathy Roman Inc. Spring Palmer Catalog Springbok Puzzles Star Wars Swarovski Swarovski Jewelry Ty Vandor Willow Tree
Contact Us | Join Our Mailing List | Calendar of Events | Legal | Terms of Sale
510-793-3600
Steve's Hallmark, Inc., 1555 Fulton Place, Fremont, CA 94539 Fax: 510-656-4347
Copyright © 2006-2019, Steve's Hallmark, Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Professional Website Design by SunStar Media
News flashes are posted here frequently to keep you up-to-date with the latest advances in health and longevity. We have an unparalleled track record of breaking stories about life extension advances.
Schizophrenia associated with vitamin D deficiency
July 23 2014. A review and meta-analyses reported online on July 22, 2014 in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism affirmed an association between deficient levels of vitamin D and a greater risk of schizophrenia, a devastating and disabling brain disorder.
"This is the first comprehensive meta-analysis to study the relationship between the two conditions," announced coauthor Ahmad Esmaillzadeh, PhD, of the Isfahan University of Medical Sciences in Iran. "When we examined the findings of several observational studies on vitamin D and schizophrenia, we found people with schizophrenia have lower vitamin D levels than healthy people. Vitamin D deficiency is quite common among people with schizophrenia."
Dr Esmaillzadeh and his colleagues selected 19 studies involving schizophrenic patients that reported average vitamin D levels, vitamin D deficiency prevalence or odds ratios. Meta-analysis of thirteen studies that reported average vitamin D found levels that ranged from 0.13 nanograms per milliliter (ng/mL) to 19.35 ng/mL lower in schizophrenics versus non-schizophrenic control subjects. In the eight studies that examined vitamin D deficiency, defined variously as levels lower than 30 ng/mL, 20 ng/mL or 10 ng/mL, the overall deficiency prevalence among schizophrenics was 65.3%. And for the meta-analysis of eight studies that determined odds ratios, it was found that deficient individuals had more than twice the risk of schizophrenia in comparison with subjects whose vitamin D levels were sufficient.
"There is a growing trend in the nutrition science field to consider vitamin D and its relationship to conditions such as diabetes, cancer, heart disease and depression," Dr Esmaillzadeh stated. "Our findings support the theory that vitamin D may have a significant impact on psychiatric health. More research is needed to determine how the growing problem of vitamin D deficiency may be affecting our overall health."
—D Dye
Omega-3 could help protect alcoholic brain
July 21 2014. An article published on July 16, 2014 in the journal PLOS ONE indicates that omega-3 fatty acids found in fish oil could help protect the brain from some of the long term adverse effects of excessive alcohol consumption.
Michael A. Collins, PhD, Edward J. Neafsey, PhD, of Loyola University Chicago Stritch School of Medicine, along with researchers at the University of Kentucky and the National Institute of Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism evaluated the effects of ethanol consumption in rats. After demonstrating extensive neurodegeneration in specific brain regions among animals in which ethanol intoxication was induced, the team studied the effects of ethanol in cultured rat brain cells. While alcohol-treated cells underwent significant inflammation and death, the addition of the omega-3 polyunsaturated fatty acid docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) prevented the effect by up to 90%.
Interestingly, a meta-analysis conducted by Drs Collins and Neafsey published in 2011 in Neuropsychiatric Disease and Treatment, concluded that moderate drinking was associated with a protective effect against age-related cognitive impairment and dementia in humans. A possible reason for the apparently contradictory finding is an increase in brain cell fitness as a result of low level alcohol-induced stress, in contrast with damage and dementia induced by high alcohol intake.
"Fish oil has the potential of helping preserve brain integrity in chronic alcohol abusers," commented Dr Collins. "At the very least, it is unlikely that it would hurt them."
However, he cautioned that "We don't want people to think it is okay to take a few fish oil capsules and then continue to go on abusing alcohol."
—D Dye
Potassium supplementation associated with improved survival among diuretic users over eight-year period
July 18 2014. The journal PLOS ONE published an article online July 16, 2014 in which researchers from the University of Pennsylvania report an association between supplementing with potassium and a lower risk of dying over a period of eight years among patients receiving loop diuretics. Loop diuretics are used to treat heart failure and associated edema, but the drugs can also flush out too much potassium, a critical mineral for maintaining regular heart rhythm.
Sean Hennessy, PharmD, PhD, and colleagues evaluated data from 654,060 Medicaid recipients who were newly prescribed bumetanide, ethacrynic acid, furosemide, or torsemide from 1999 to 2007. Twenty-seven percent of the subjects also received prophylactic potassium as a bicarbonate, chloride, citrate, or gluconate.
The team uncovered a 7% lower risk of dying from any cause over follow-up among those who supplemented with potassium. When the diuretic furosemide was separately analyzed, combining potassium with the higher dose (40 milligrams per day or more) of the drug resulted in a 16% lower mortality risk.
"Our findings provide evidence that adding potassium supplementation may increase survival rates among patients taking loop diuretics," commented lead author, Charles E. Leonard, PharmD, MSCE, who is a senior research investigator in the Center for Clinical Epidemiology and Biostatistics at the University of Pennsylvania, as well as senior manager of the Ambulatory Drug Use & Effects Program. "Nonetheless, because this is the first such study of this question, we hope that others confirm these results in independent studies."
"Using potassium supplementation for patients receiving loop diuretic therapy may be a relatively inexpensive way to save lives," noted Dr Hennessy. "In today's climate of seeking cost-effective measures to keep patients healthy, this is a therapy that certainly merits additional consideration."
—D Dye
Higher vitamin D levels may promote colorectal cancer survival
July 16 2014. An article published online on July 7, 2014 in the Journal of Oncology reports the outcome of a study which indicates that having a higher plasma level of vitamin D is associated with a better chance of surviving colorectal cancer.
Malcolm G. Dunlop, MD, of the University of Edinburgh and his associates evaluated data from 1,598 men and women who underwent surgery for stage I to III colorectal cancer. Postoperative blood samples were analyzed for 25-hydroxyvitamin D and vitamin D receptor genotype.
The team found that subjects whose vitamin D levels were among the top one-third of subjects had a 32% lower risk of dying of colorectal cancer and a 30% lower risk of dying from any cause over the five year study period compared with those whose levels were among the lowest third. For patients with stage II disease, the risk of dying of colorectal cancer was 56% lower among those in the top third of plasma vitamin D levels.
“We observed interactions between 25-hydroxyvitamin D level and vitamin D receptor genotype, suggesting a causal relationship between vitamin D and survival,” the authors report. “The influence of vitamin D supplementation on colorectal cancer outcome will require further investigation.”
“Our findings are promising but it is important to note that this is an observational study,” noted Dr Dunlop, who is a professor at the Medical Research Council Human Genetics Unit at the University of Edinburgh. “We need carefully designed randomized clinical trials before we can confirm whether taking vitamin D supplements offers any survival benefit for bowel cancer patients."
—D Dye
In arthritis prevention, what you eat may be more important than how much
July 14 2014. Despite the importance of limiting the number of calories consumed to maintain a healthy weight in the prevention of osteoarthritis, a study involving mice suggests that the type of fat consumed rather than the amount of weight gained may be a more important factor.
Writing in the Annals of the Rheumatic Diseases, Farshid Guilak, PhD, and colleagues report the findings of research involving mice with knee injuries. The animals were given obesity-inducing high fat diets rich in varying amounts saturated fat, omega 6 fatty acids, or omega 6 plus omega 3 fatty acids. “A healthy diet would include roughly equal ratios of these fats, but we're way off the scale in the Western diet,” noted Dr Guilak, who is a professor of orthopedic surgery at Duke University.
Osteoarthritis severity, synovitis, bone changes, and wound healing were evaluated, and activity levels and serum cytokines were assessed at different time points. Dr Guilak's team observed a significant negative association between osteoarthritis and the diet's fatty acid content but not with the animals' body weights. Diets that contained 8% of their calories in the form of omega-3 fatty acids resulted in less arthritis in comparison with other animals. Mice given omega-3 also exhibited better wound repair capabilities. In contrast, animals that received diets with a high saturated fat or omega 6 fatty acid content had more severe arthritis and scar tissue formation.
“Our results suggest that dietary factors play a more significant role than mechanical factors in the link between obesity and osteoarthritis,” Dr Guilak concluded. “While omega 3 fatty acids aren't reversing the injury, they appear to slow the progression of arthritis in this group of mice. In fact, omega 3 fatty acids eliminated the detrimental effects of obesity in obese mice.”
“A great next step would be to do a clinical study to look at effect of omega 3 fatty acids post-injury,” he added.
—D Dye
Cinnamon could stop Parkinson's in its tracks
July 11 2014. An article appearing recently in the Journal of Neuroimmune Pharmacology indicates that cinnamon could one day be used by Parkinson's disease patients to prevent the disease from progressing.
Saurabh Khasnavis and Kalipada Pahan, PhD, of Rush University Medical Center studied the effects of the spice in a mouse model of Parkinson's disease. They found that when cinnamon is metabolized into sodium benzoate in the blood and brain, the loss of beneficial proteins known as Parkin and DJ-1 is halted, while neurons that produce dopamine, a neurotransmitter that is reduced in Parkinson's, are protected. Motor function, which can be significantly impaired by the disease, was improved in animals that received cinnamon.
"Cinnamon is metabolized in the liver to sodium benzoate, which is an FDA-approved drug used in the treatment for hepatic metabolic defects associated with hyperammonemia," explained lead researcher Dr Pahan, who is the Floyd A. Davis professor of neurology at Rush University. "Understanding how the disease works is important to developing effective drugs that protect the brain and stop the progression of Parkinson's disease. It is known that some important proteins like Parkin and DJ-1 decrease in the brain of Parkinson's disease patients."
"Cinnamon has been used widely as a spice throughout the world for centuries,” he noted. “This could potentially be one of the safest approaches to halt disease progression in Parkinson's patients."
"Now we need to translate this finding to the clinic and test ground cinnamon in patients with Parkinson's disease,” Dr Pahan added. “If these results are replicated in Parkinson's disease patients, it would be a remarkable advance in the treatment of this devastating neurodegenerative disease."
—D Dye
Calcium/collagen combo = better bone benefits
July 9 2014. The Experimental Biology 2014 Annual Scientific Meeting was the site of a presentation in April of this year of research conducted at Florida State University (FSU) which suggests a superior effect for a combination of calcium, collagen and vitamin D in preventing a decline in bone mineral density among older women.
Acting on positive results obtained in a three month study, FSU Professor Bahram H. Arjmandi, PhD, RD, and colleagues evaluated the long term effects of a calcium-collagen chelate dietary supplement known as KoACT® in 39 postmenopausal women with osteopenia. Participants were randomized to groups that received an amount of KoACT® that contained 500 milligrams elemental calcium and 200 IU vitamin D3 per day, or a control supplement that provided equal amounts of vitamin D and calcium for one year. Total body, lumbar spine and hip bone mineral density were measured, and serum markers of bone turnover were assessed at the beginning at the trial, and at six and twelve months.
At the study's conclusion, women assigned to KoACT® had significantly less bone mineral density loss than the control subjects. Tartrate-resistant acid phosphatase (associated with osteoporosis), and sclerostin, a protein that has anti-anabolic effects on bone formation, were lower, and the ratio of bone specific alkaline phosphatase (a marker of bone formation) to tartrate-resistant alkaline phosphatase was higher after six months in the KoACT® group, while the control group experienced no change.
"Conventional thinking often entails the use of calcium and vitamin D supplements,” noted Dr Jennifer Gu of AIDP, the company that developed KoACT®. “It is medically important for postmenopausal women to know that achieving optimal bone health requires using a product, like KoACT®, that 'mimics Mother Nature,' in stopping bone loss by helping to build bone strength and slows bone resorption, the destruction, disappearance, or dissolution of bones.”
—D Dye
What's Hot Archive
Nissan boss Carlos Ghosn has said he is confident the UK will remain a "competitive place to do business", following crunch talks on Brexit with Theresa May.
The Prime Minister met Mr Ghosn in Number 10 amid concerns about the future of the car giant's plant in Sunderland after the UK leaves the European Union.
He has suggested the company will halt new investment in the factory unless it can agree a compensation deal with the Government for any adverse financial impact from the UK's decision to withdraw from the EU.
Following the talks, Mr Ghosn said: “Since Mrs May's appointment, we have maintained a clear dialogue with the UK Government during this challenging time. It was my pleasure to be here today for a positive meeting with the Prime Minister and key members of her Government and I welcome their commitment to the development of an industrial strategy for Britain.
“The Nissan factory opened in Sunderland 30 years ago and the British government have been strong supporters of our business ever since. Not just in the North of England, but also at our Design Centre in London, our Research and Development Centre in Cranfield and our Sales and Marketing HQ in Rickmansworth.
“We have made significant investments at our factory in Sunderland over the years and today it ranks as one of the world's most successful manufacturing plants. Our 7,000 employees in Sunderland build 2,000 cars a day – 80 per cent of which are exported to more than 130 countries around the world. We want to ensure that this high-performing, high-employment factory remains competitive globally and continues to deliver for our business and for Britain.
“Following our productive meeting, I am confident the government will continue to ensure the UK remains a competitive place to do business. I look forward to continued positive collaboration between Nissan and the UK Government.”
Mrs May said: "This Government is committed to creating and supporting the right conditions for the automotive industry to go from strength to strength in the UK, now and into the future."
Mr Ghosn was driven into Downing Street for the meeting in a black Nissan Qashqai - a model made at the Sunderland factory.
Concerns over the fate of the plant had been sparked after Mr Ghosn warned that "important decisions will not be made in the dark" earlier this year.
Keeping Nissan in the UK is regarded as vital to Mrs May's hopes for a successful Brexit, and it was understood she would use the Downing Street meeting to explore what assurances the company is seeking.
The Sunderland plant, which has been active since 1986, employs almost 7,000 people producing around 2,000 cars a day.
Nissan is part-owned by French manufacturer Renault, raising concerns that production could be moved to France to avoid any tariffs which could be introduced on exports to the EU if the UK leaves the single market in a so-called "hard Brexit".
Following the talks, Mr Ghosn said: "Since Mrs May's appointment, we have maintained a clear dialogue with the UK Government during this challenging time.
"It was my pleasure to be here today for a positive meeting with the Prime Minister and key members of her Government and I welcome their commitment to the development of an industrial strategy for Britain.
"The Nissan factory opened in Sunderland 30 years ago and the British government have been strong supporters of our business ever since. Not just in the north of England, but also at our design centre in London, our research and development centre in Cranfield and our sales and marketing HQ in Rickmansworth.
"We have made significant investments at our factory in Sunderland over the years and today it ranks as one of the world's most successful manufacturing plants.
"Our 7,000 employees in Sunderland build 2,000 cars a day - 80% of which are exported to more than 130 countries around the world. We want to ensure that this high-performing, high-employment factory remains competitive globally and continues to deliver for our business and for Britain.
"Following our productive meeting, I am confident the Government will continue to ensure the UK remains a competitive place to do business. I look forward to continued positive collaboration between Nissan and the UK Government."
Mrs May said: "Our automotive industry is a great British success story and Nissan has been at the heart of it. Over the past 30 years they have had an excellent relationship with the UK Government, a track record of investment and innovation, and their Sunderland plant is one of the most productive anywhere in the world - a testament both to their company and the skill of our workforce.
"We are now at the start of the complex negotiating process as Britain exits the EU and I have been clear that there will be challenges ahead. But I am confident we will achieve the best deal for Britain and the Government will engage closely with employers and investors as part of our work to create a global Britain.
"This Government is committed to creating and supporting the right conditions for the automotive industry to go from strength to strength in the UK, now and into the future.
"That's why I was pleased to have met with Mr Ghosn today to discuss our shared belief that Britain remains an outward-looking, world-leading nation in which to do business.
"We will continue to work with Nissan as we develop the environment for competitiveness of the automotive industry here in the UK to ensure its success."
Mrs May was also meeting Britain's ambassadors to the other 27 EU member states to discuss their assessment of the individual countries' attitudes to Brexit.
She was expected to set out her commitment to build strong post-Brexit relationships with each of the countries and tell the ambassadors that she intends to hold bilateral talks with each of the 27 heads of government by the time of the European Council summit in December.
Meanwhile, it was reported that half the members of the Cabinet committee which will steer the Brexit negotiations campaigned for Leave in the referendum.
An unpublished Government document showed that all six Cabinet ministers who backed Brexit will sit on the European Union Exit and Trade Committee, according to the Bloomberg newswire.
They are Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, Brexit Secretary David Davis, International Trade Secretary Liam Fox, Transport Secretary Chris Grayling, Environment Secretary Andrea Leadsom and International Development Secretary Priti Patel.
The other members are the Prime Minister, Chancellor Philip Hammond, Home Secretary Amber Rudd, Business Secretary Greg Clark, Work and Pensions Secretary Damian Green, and Conservative Party chairman Sir Patrick McLoughlin.
Downing Street said only that a full list of Cabinet committees will be published next week.
Reacting to the news that Charles Ghosn, Nissan's CEO, and the Prime Minister have met today to discuss Nissan's future, Julie Elliott, MP for Sunderland Central, said: “I welcome the news that the PM has met with Nissan's CEO. I hope that what we are seeing is the beginning of conversation which will result in the future of Nissan's Sunderland plant being secured.
“The Prime Minister needs to take immediate action to protect tens of thousands of jobs in Sunderland which are being jeopardised by her failure to give us clear assurances regarding our future trading relationship with the EU.”
At TEDMED, I witnessed video clips showing science I never knew was so advanced. Dr. Anthony Atala has been growing human tissue and organs, in a lab, for nearly two decades. He's even printed kidneys from a cell-stuffed inkjet printer.
The footage below is from the Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine, one of the world's largest labs dedicated to regenerative medicine—a field interested in repairing or replacing human tissue so the body can self-heal.
Advertisement
This collection is sort of the greatest hits of Dr. Atala's last 20 years of research (no, none of this was done overnight on a whim), though almost none of what you'll see has left the lab for clinical trials. Karen Richardson, Sr. Communications Manager at the lab, walks us through the videos in the gallery below. Watch the clips, then scroll down for our Q&A with mad (but completely sane) scientist Dr. Anthony Atala.
Interview With Dr. Atala
What can we do in organ growing/generation today?
Laboratory-grown organs and tissues are already benefiting patients today. For example, laboratory-grown bladders are being tested in children with spina bifida and adults with spinal cord injuries and will soon be tested in patients with bladder cancer. Tissue engineering technology has been used to repair narrowed urethras, the tube that empties urine from the body.
Advertisement
What will we be doing in 5 years?
We are currently working to engineer 22 different tissues and organs in the laboratory, including blood vessels, heart valves, bone, muscle, kidneys livers. Scientific progress isn't always linear, so it's impossible to predict how long it will take to reach our goals.
In 10?
In addition to tissue engineering, our lab and others are working toward cell therapies to benefit a variety of conditions, from diabetes to urinary incontinence and heart failure. There are many challenges to overcome—and the timeframe is impossible to predict—but we do see promise in these technologies.
Advertisement
In 20? (I know, totally nuts, but that's what makes it so fun.)
I don't know how long it will take, but I do foresee a future when organs will be available off-the-shelf, ready to "plug in" and replace injured or diseased organs. I believe we'll have a boutique of technologies that will include tissue engineering and cell therapies and doctors will select the ideal treatment based on the patient's needs.
Advertisement
[Final image: A human bladder is engineered in the laboratory using a biodegradable, three-dimension scaffold that supports bladder cells while they multiple and develop. A technician is "seeding" cells on the scaffold. (Wake Forest Institute for Regenerative Medicine). For more information on these projects, go here.]
This week, Gizmodo is exploring the enhanced human future in a segment we call This Cyborg Life. It's about what happens when we treat our body less than a sacred object and more than what it is: Nature's ultimate machine.
A sign (in black) that reads "Tap without Water" is seen inside an ice-cream shop at the Pinheiros neighbourhood in São Paulo February 10, 2015. Brazilians are hoarding water in their apartments, drilling homemade wells and taking other emergency measures to prepare for forced rationing that appears likely and could leave taps dry for up to five days a week because of a drought. In São Paulo, the country's largest city with a metropolitan area of 20 million people, the main reservoir is at just 6 percent of capacity with the peak of the rainy season now past. Many neighbourhoods have already experienced daily water outages as Sabesp turns down pressure in pipes to save consumption. Picture taken February 10, 2015. REUTERS/Nacho Doce (BRAZIL - Tags: DISASTER ENVIRONMENT SOCIETY)
By Caroline Stauffer
São Paulo (Reuters) - Brazilians are hoarding water in their apartments, drilling homemade wells and taking other emergency measures to prepare for forced rationing that appears likely and could leave taps dry for up to five days a week because of a drought.
In São Paulo, the country's largest city with a metropolitan area of 20 million people, the main reservoir is at just 6 percent of capacity with the peak of the rainy season now past.
Other cities in Brazil's heavily populated southeast such as Rio de Janeiro face less dire shortages but could also see rationing.
Uncertainty over the drought and its consequences on jobs, public health and overall quality of life have further darkened Brazilians' mood at a time when the economy is struggling and President Dilma Rousseff's popularity is at an all-time low.
After January rains disappointed, and incentives to cut consumption fell short, São Paulo officials warned their next step could be to shut off customers' water supply for as many as five days a week - a measure that would likely last until the next rainy season starts in October, if not longer.
State officials say they have not yet decided whether or when to implement such rationing, in part because they are still hoping for heavy rains in February and March. Indeed, thunderstorms in recent days have caused lakes to rise a bit.
Still, independent projections suggest that São Paulo's main Cantareira reservoir could run out of water as soon as April without drastic cuts to consumption.
As such, the race is on to secure water while it lasts.
Large hospitals in São Paulo are installing in-house water treatment and recycling centers, among other measures, to make sure they can still carry out surgeries and other essential tasks if regular supply stops.
Meanwhile, companies are competing with each other to secure deliveries from large water tanker trucks, which have already become a common sight on São Paulo's gridlocked streets.
"It's like seeing 10 liters in your gas tank and knowing you won't make it to the next station," said Stefan Rohr, environmental director for industry group Ciesp in Campinas, a metropolitan area of more than 3 million people just north of São Paulo.
Many large water-intensive industries, including beverages, cellulose and steel, long ago made contingency plans to truck in water or use underground wells, which may stave off a full-fledged economic disaster.
But smaller ones, ranging from beauty salons and restaurants to car washes and light industry, may have to close or severely restrict activity.
"The economic impact will be job losses," Rohr said.
40 MILLION COULD BE AFFECTED
Sabesp, São Paulo's state-controlled water utility, told Reuters it did not yet know when or if rationing would begin. State Governor Geraldo Alckmin, who has also seen his popularity plummet due to the water crisis, declined requests for an interview.
A member of Rousseff's Cabinet told Reuters earlier this month on condition of anonymity that some degree of water rationing is expected in Brazil's three largest metropolitan areas - São Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and Belo Horizonte, with a combined population of 40 million people.
Even without rationing, health problems are being felt.
The official number of dengue fever cases in São Paulo tripled in January from the previous year to 120. Officials blamed the rise in part on residents collecting rainwater in open buckets, which attracts mosquitoes.
Many richer Brazilians have large storage tanks built into their apartment buildings or houses which, combined with more conscious water use, may allow them to survive severe rationing without ever seeing their taps go dry.
But most working-class families can't afford such measures. Some unions are planning demonstrations for next month to protest the government's handling of the crisis and demand the poor don't bear the brunt of it.
"We will not accept paying for the government's irresponsibility with our jobs," said Adi dos Santos Lima, president of the São Paulo state branch of Brazil's largest umbrella union, the CUT.
Brazil's economy is already expected to post zero growth this year. Worse yet, since Brazil depends on hydroelectric dams for about three quarters of its electricity, power shortages are also possible due to the drought, federal officials have said.
Story continues
Orioles third baseman Manny Machado underwent a checkup on his surgically repaired left knee Thursday in California and, according to an industry source, it went well and doctors told the 21-year-old that he was six to eight weeks ahead of a normal recovery period.
Orioles manager Buck Showalter confirmed Thursday night that the club had received a good report on Machado's exam and that he was, indeed on or ahead of schedule.
Machado has been sidelined since Sept. 23 when he injured his left knee while running to first base. He was re-examined Thursday in California by Los Angeles Dodgers team physician Dr. Neal ElAttrache, who performed reconstructive surgery Oct. 14 to repair Machado's torn medial patellofemoral ligament.
Given ElAttrache's prognosis, if things continue smoothly, the belief is Machado will be ready to play Opening Day.
Machado has had a history of his left kneecap dislocating – it occurred in 2011 while playing for Low-A Delmarva -- and Machado decided it would be best to have surgery to fix the problem. At the time of the surgery, it was estimated that the recovery process would be four to six months. He is through three months of that recovery period.
He was hoping to attend this week's minicamp in Sarasota, Fla., but couldn't because of the scheduled doctor's appointment. He plans to get to Orioles' camp to continue working out about a week before pitchers and catchers report on Feb. 13.
Showalter said earlier this month that Machado would need to be ready to play in spring games by about March 15 to be ready for Opening Day at Camden Yards on March 31. This appears to be another step toward that goal.
Netflix has been slapped with a patent lawsuit over a number of issues related to digital rights and data management.
OpenTV, an interactive television solutions provider, is suing the online rental giant over seven U.S. patents related to over-the-top TV technology (OTT), Reuters reported today.
These patents cover solutions from video playback to how viewer data is used to make content recommendations.
OpenTV's Switzerland-based parent company, Kudelski SA, reportedly filed the suit on Wednesday in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware, but a copy of the complaint is not online yet.
Kudelski specializes in producing hardware and software for digital security and convergent media platforms for the purpose of delivering digital media.
According to Reuters, Kudelski reps said in the complaint, "Companies like Netflix have, in essence, stood on the shoulders of giants, largely focusing their R&D efforts on aggregating these previously patented technologies and using them to provide a rich customer experience."
Netflix has been involved in a few patent legal battles in the past, most of which took place a few years back against major foe Blockbuster.
One of Netflix's more recent legal happenings wrapped up in October when the digital streaming business settled a two-year class action lawsuit with the National Association for the Deaf. Under that deal, Netflix promised to add captions to 100 percent of its video library by 2014.
Oh, and don't forget about the little spat that started earlier this month between Netflix and the SEC after CEO Reed Hastings shared a little more about the company than maybe he should have on his Facebook page.
The Native American Navajo Nation has accused the Obama administration of failing to clean up the damage from a toxic mine spill caused by one of its own government agencies.
In August 2015, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) contractors assessing a leak at the site of Colorado's long-defunct Gold King Mine inadvertently broke through earth that was holding back waste water. An estimated 11.5 million liters of water carrying about 400,000 kilograms of heavy metals spilled into the nearby Animas River, then into the San Juan River, which flows through 320 kilometers of Navajo sovereign territory.
In addition, the spill contaminated waterways serving three western states: Colorado, Utah and New Mexico.
Exposed to air, iron sulfide in the water formed sulfuric acid, turning the water a bright mustard yellow.
“The Navajo Nation's water supply has been severely compromised as a result of the spill,” said Navajo Nation Attorney General Ethel Branch. “Tragically, we won't know the full extent of the impacts the heavy metals released in the spill will have on our people for some time because those impacts generally only become observable in the long term.”
Branch said the Navajo government has spent millions of dollars responding to the crisis. “To mitigate the damage just to the water supply, not to mention long-term health needs and other impacts, it will cost well over $100 million for alternative water supply systems, additional water treatment, and long-term monitoring,” she said.
Earlier this month, Navajo Nation lawyers submitted a claim for more than $160 million to cover unreimbursed costs incurred in the immediate aftermath of the spill, as well as long-term medical care and monitoring and testing of soil, groundwater, crops and livestock. The claim also allows for the construction and operation of alternative water supply and treatment systems for affected areas.
The EPA admits responsibility for the spill, but has rejected all but $602,000 of those claims on the grounds that on August 19, 2015, just two weeks after the spill, it tested the San Juan River and found metal concentrations had returned to “pre-event” levels.
The EPA says that it has spent more than $29 million to address the mine incident, including more than $2 million in Clean Water Act grants and more than $3.5 million in reimbursements for emergency response expenses under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as the "Superfund.”
“The EPA's evaluation of costs is consistent with the agency's legal authorities and the requirements under the Superfund,” an EPA spokesperson told VOA. “The agency can only reimburse documented and allowable incurred response costs submitted by government partners."
In May, the state of New Mexico also filed suit against the EPA, alleging injuries from the spill, as well as against the state of Colorado, the site of the 127-year-old mine, which shut down in 1922. Utah is also considering suing the EPA.
Branch said the Navajo Nation will appeal the EPA decision by the early January 2017 deadline. She expressed disappointment in President Barack Obama.
“The Obama administration's response has reinforced the message that Native lives don't matter,” Branch said. “And the EPA has focused their energy on minimizing potential legal liability to themselves, rather than ensuring cleanup and protection of the environment.”
In the meantime, Navajo who rely heavily on farming for their livelihood continue to be haunted by the threat of exposure to cadmium, lead, arsenic and other heavy metals.
“They are afraid to water their soil with potentially contaminated water, with yet unknown health effects,” added Branch. “They are afraid to eat the fruits and vegetables that are watered from the river. ... They are afraid to eat their sheep and cattle who have watered from the river.”
And every growing season, Branch says farmers must re-live the trauma. Where once, they would pray for rain, now they worry that the “poison” lying at the bottom of the river will be dislodged when the rain begins to fall.
The NHL and NHL Players' Association are scheduled to resume bargaining talks Wednesday, sources on both sides told ESPN.com late Monday night.
Neither side would divulge a location.
Talks broke up last Thursday night in New York City when it appeared both sides were making ground on a deal. NHL commissioner Gary Bettman announced that night at a news conference that the league's latest offer was off the table.
Earlier Monday, the NHL eliminated 16 more days from the
regular-season schedule, wiping out all games through Dec. 30 in its latest
round of cancellations.
Already, 422 regular-season games had been called off through
Dec. 14 because of the lockout, and the latest cuts on Day 86 of
the NHL shutdown claimed 104 more. The New Year's Day Winter
Classic and the All-Star Game were canceled earlier.
In all, the 526 lost games account for nearly 43 percent of the
regular season that was scheduled to begin Oct. 11.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Partick Thistle Fan Claims He Was Ejected From Ibrox For Holding ‘Scotland Flag'
A Partick Thistle fan claims he was ejected from Ibrox today for holding a ‘Scotland flag'.
Manpreet Singh is a regular at Jags home and away games and often documents his experience supporting the team.
He was Ibrox this afternoon to watch Rangers against Partick Thistle in the Scottish Premiership, but tweeted shortly before full-time that he had been ejected for ‘having a Scotland flag':
Getting kicked oot at the 65th minute for having a Scotland flag at Ibrox, sums them up, scumbags — Manpreet ???? (@manpreet_ptfc) November 4, 2017
But he soon posted a follow-up tweet that showed him holding the flag alongside another supporter who has a Catalonia flag in his hands.
From the look of the Scotland flag, there seems to be some writing on it, but it's obviously not clear what exactly it says on it:
Several other fans at the game noticed what happened and tweeted their own account of the situation:
hahahahahha two Thistle kicked out Ibrox for waving a saltire, stewards there are ragin huns — lima (@loganptfc) November 4, 2017
Funny how annoyed they got tho ? pic.twitter.com/feMJxurkW4 — Lynne Cumming (@CummingLynne) November 4, 2017
Stewards have a hard job, but what just happened at Ibrox is absolute disgrace. — Callum (@caltyler_) November 4, 2017
Manpreet started flying a Scotland flag. Stewards go flying in. Police stand aside. Cue chaos on the concourse. I left after that, disgusted — Callum (@caltyler_) November 4, 2017
From the flag in the seen in the tweet from Lynne Cumming above, it looks like the flag may have the word ‘Yes' on it.
UPDATE
A video of the incident has now surfaced:
UPDATE #2
A picture taken from a Rangers supporter confirms the ‘Yes' on the Scotland flag:
Gluten are long chains of a protein. The easiest way to imagine them is like sticky rubber bands. The long pieces of "elastic" is lying up next to each other and can be stretched very long before they release. This is what makes a dough elastic.
If you, on the other hand, knead the dough a lot and get all the "elastics" tangled together in large knots. It is easy to imagine that a dough of long knotted "elastics" will be tough, and if you pull it will pull back to the same shape again. That's why a dough sometimes must rest before you can shape it again. The gluten knots will slowly unwind when they are at rest.
A dough that has not been kneaded enough and is less elastic will work like an old balloon. One can only blow it up so much before it punctures. If the dough has been kneaded long enough and the gluten has been released into the flour, then the dough is elastic and it will be like a fresh new balloon. It can inflate a lot without puncturing and you will get large air bubbles in the bread crumb.
Gluten is not found in the flour from the start. It is formed by a combination of the two proteins "gliadin" and "glutenin" when the flour becomes wet and is kneaded.
It also means that the higher the protein content of the same flour has the longer the dough need to be kneaded to form more gluten.
Mixing
When you mix the ingredients you should not mix salt and the yeast as the first ingredients. You run the risk of killing the yeast. At least place them on opposite sides of the bowl, or mix the salt into the flour first so it will be diluted.
You should also put in the fat as late as possible. The fat can encapsulate the yeast and so it raises poorly. A good tactic is to pour in at least half the flour before adding the fat.
If you use a pre-ferment, divide it up into smaller pieces so that it is evenly distributed.
If you use a wet pre-ferment then pour it up first and add the rest of the liquid to the pre-ferment and eventually the rest of the ingredients.
You cannot be 100% accurate in the use of a recipe when it comes to baking. The reason is that the flour can be different from time to time. So there will always be an artisan aspect in judging whether or not your dough is right. It can only be learned by experience. So just add 90% of the flour when you start. Then you can always add more later. If it becomes too dry you can add more liquid.
The mistake novice bakers make most often is that they make the dough too dry, because that makes it easier to handle it. Try to make it wetter than you expect it should be. I always try to make it as wet as I can possibly get away with, within the type of dough it is.
With Finn "karrigan" Andersen being benched in Astralis, the team only has two out of five players in the active roster that hold the Legends' spot at ELEAGUE's Major. We've taken the liberty of examinining possible routes Astralis can take to secure their spot at the Atlanta event.
Prior to ESL One Cologne, Astralis swapped René "cajunb" Borg for dignitas' Markus "Kjaerbye" Kjærbye. As a result, Astralis had to use Lukas "gla1ve" Rossander instead of Kjaerbye, who was part of the Minor cycle with dignitas and thus couldn't attend the Major with another team.
The exclusion of karrigan from the starting roster puts Astralis in a peculiar position
During the event's group stage, Peter "dupreeh" Rasmussen fell ill and was forced to sit out the rest of the event, having to undergo surgery. Astralis used coach Danny "zonic" Sørensen instead in their last two matches (against Dignitas in groups and Virtus.pro in playoffs).
As Astralis played with coach zonic in the match that clinched the quarter-final spot, and thus their Legend status, the following players would have to form a trio to remain invited for ELEAGUE's Major, Valve confirmed to HLTV.org:
That means that as things currently stand (karrigan recently being benched), the team only has two out of five players in the active roster eligible for the spot at the next Major: device and Xyp9x.
To secure their spot at the Major, Astralis have several options: they can bring back karrigan, sign gla1ve from Heroic, use zonic once again, or qualify through the Minor and the Main Qualifier.
Scenario #1 - gla1ve
If Astralis mean to sign gla1ve, they need to "prevent" him from playing the European Minor, which kicks off on November 4.
If Heroic played the Minor with their current roster, gla1ve wouldn't be able to play in the current Major cycle with another team, according to Valve's rules.
Scenario #2 - zonic
Another possibility would be for zonic to step into the active roster once again, as he did at ESL One Cologne, where he and the team held their own against Virtus.pro in the quarter-finals.
However, there's one more option in which Astralis could use zonic but wouldn't have to play any matches with him. Valve's rules say that the team can swap the coach with one of the players in the active roster at any point before or during the tournament in a one-time capacity. NiP used that option at MLG Columbus, when Jacob "pyth" Mourujärvi was unable to travel to the States and the team used coach Björn "THREAT" Pers instead.
Astralis could use that same rule to their advantage. They could sign a new player who isn't listed in the roster above and register him as coach before swapping zonic for the new addition prior to their first match. Valve verified to HLTV.org that this would be a possible scenario according to current rules.
Astralis could technically only field two out of five spot holders if they registered zonic
If they were to attempt to sign a player from Dignitas, Astralis would probably have to complete the negotiations more than two weeks before the Main Qualifier begins (December 15). That was the case prior to ESL One Cologne, although ELEAGUE is yet to announce roster lock deadlines for their Major.
In this case, zonic would get the honour of having his own stickers in the game and the money from them despite playing none of the matches. The coach could personally transfer the money to that new player, though that would fall under massive double taxation due to Danish laws.
Scenario #3 - karrigan
Astralis naturally have the option to bring karrigan back and play the Major with him, if they don't want to or can't pursue the other possibilities. In that case, the roster would remain unchanged:
Scenario #4 - start from scratch
The Danes have a very limited amount of time to figure out whether they want to qualify with a new player, if they don't want to pursue scenario #2.
For that they'd have to start from scratch: advance to the Minor through the online qualifiers (which start next week), finish top two in Bucharest and then fight their way through the Main Qualifier.
That's obviously a very risky route considering they need to go through all three steps of qualifiers, the last of which will likely become the hardest Main Qualifier to date.
Which scenario do you see as the most likely? Let us know in the comments section below.
A University of Connecticut climate scientist confirms that more intense and more frequent severe rainstorms will likely continue as temperatures rise due to global warming, despite some observations that seem to suggest otherwise.
In a research paper appearing this week in Nature Climate Change, UConn civil and environmental engineering professor Guiling Wang explains that data showing the intensity of severe rainstorms declining after temperatures reach a certain threshold are merely a reflection of climate variability. It is not proof that there is a fixed upper temperature limit for future increases in severe rains, after which they would begin to drop off.
"We hope this information puts things in better perspective and clarifies the confusion around this issue," says Wang, who led an international team of climate experts in conducting the study. "We also hope this will lead to a more accurate way of analyzing and describing climate change."
Climate scientists and policymakers closely monitor severe and prolonged rainstorms as they can have a devastating impact on local environments and economies. These damaging storms can cause catastrophic flooding; overwhelm sewage treatment plants; increase the risk of waterborne disease; and wipe out valuable crops.
Current climate models show most of the world will experience more intense and more frequent severe rainstorms for the remainder of the 21st century, due to hotter temperatures caused by global warming.
But whether this increase in extreme precipitation will continue beyond the end of the century, and how it will be sustained, is less clear.
Meteorological observations from weather stations around the globe show the intensity of severe rainstorms relative to temperature is like a curve -- steadily going up as low to medium surface temperatures increase, peaking when temperatures hit a certain high point, then dropping off as temperatures continue rising.
Those observations raise the prospect that damaging rainstorms could eventually ease once surface temperatures reach a certain threshold.
However, Wang says the peaks seen in the observational data and climate models simply reflect the natural variability of the climate. As Earth warms, her team found, the entire curve representing the relationship between extreme precipitation and rising temperatures is moving to the right. This is because the threshold temperature at which rain intensity peaks also goes up as temperature rises. Therefore, extreme rainfall will continue to increase, she says.
The relationship between precipitation and temperature is founded in science. Simply put, warmer air holds more moisture. Scientists can even tell you how much. A widely used theorem in climate science called the Clausius-Clapeyron equation dictates that for every degree the temperature goes up, there is an approximately 7 percent increase in the amount of moisture the atmosphere can hold. The intensity of extreme precipitation, which is proportional to atmospheric moisture, also increases at a scaling rate of approximately 7 percent, in the absence of moisture limitations.
The problem is that when scientists ran computer models predicting the likelihood of extreme precipitation in the future, and compared those results with both present day observations and the temperature scaling dictated by the so-called "C-C equation," the numbers were off. In many cases, the increase in extreme precipitation relative to surface temperature over land was closer to 2 to 5 percent, rather than 7 percent. In their analysis, Wang's team discovered that average local surface temperatures increase much faster than the threshold temperatures for extreme precipitation, and attributed the lower scaling rate to the fact that earlier studies compared extreme precipitation with average local temperatures rather than the temperature at the time the rainstorms occurred.
"There are a lot of studies where people are trying to determine why the scaling rate is lower than 7 percent," says Wang. "Our study suggests that this is a wrong question to ask. If you want to relate rain intensity to temperature using the C-C relationship as a reference, you have to relate to the temperature at which the rain event occurs, not the mean temperature, which is the long term average."
Kevin Trenberth, an expert on global warming and the lead author of several reports prepared by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, joined Wang in the current study. Trenberth is currently a Distinguished Senior Scientist in the Climate Analysis Section at the National Center for Atmospheric Research. He shared the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize with former Vice President Al Gore as a member of the IPCC. Trenberth explains the findings this way:
"In general, extreme precipitation increases with higher temperatures because the air can hold more moisture -- although that depends on moisture availability. But beyond a certain point, it is the other way round: the temperature responds to the precipitation, or more strictly speaking, the conditions leading to the precipitation, [such as extensive cloud cover or surface moisture]. The most obvious example of this is in a drought where there is no precipitation. Another example is in cloudy, stormy conditions, when it is wet and cool. By relating the changes in precipitation to the temperature where the relationship reverses -- instead of the mean temperature as in previous studies -- we can make sense of the differences and the changes. Moreover, it means there is no limit to the changes that can occur, as otherwise might be suspected if there were a fixed relationship."
Shares in Irish bookmakers Paddy Power surged yesterday following the news it is planning a merger with rival Betfair to create one of the world's biggest gambling companies with revenues of up to €2 billion.
Paddy Power and Betfair announced yesterday they have agreed the terms of a possible merger; at the same time the Irish company reported profits for the first half of the year rose 33 per cent to €80 million.
Paddy Power's stock climbed by more than 19 per cent to close at €93 in Dublin yesterday after more than three million of its shares changed hands. Betfair made similar ground in London, adding 20.4 per cent to end the day at 3,134p.
Global business
Davy analysts David Jennings and Robert Stokes said post-merger turnover would more than likely top €2 billion on the basis of figures the pair released separately yesterday.
Under the proposal's terms, Paddy Power shareholders will get 52 per cent of the enlarged entity and will receive a special dividend totalling €80 million before any deal goes ahead. Betfair's owners will receive 48 per cent of the new company.
Paddy Power chief executive Andy McCue, stressed yesterday there is still no certainty the proposed merger will go ahead. The two are still discussing a number of terms and it is conditional on due diligence.
Mr McCue also said the proposal is likely to have to be notified to competition regulators in a number of jurisdictions.
He indicated it is likely to be next year before any transaction is completed and described a timeline of early 2016 as “quite aggressive” but agreed that it could be possible.
Mr McCue would not be drawn on whether it would result in the loss of any of Paddy Power's 5,000-plus jobs. However, he stressed the merger should provide the basis for further growth.
In a statement, both companies said the strategic rationale for a merger was compelling as it would leave the new entity better placed to compete in new and existing markets and create cost and revenue synergies. The new company will be called Paddy Power Betfair plc and will have a dual listing in London and Dublin. However, it has yet to be worked out where it will be headquartered.
Mr McCue and his colleague, chief financial officer, Cormac McCarthy, indicated both the Republic's 12.5 per cent tax rate and the UK's modern gambling regulations are likely to be weighed in deciding that.
Post-merger
Betfair's chief financial officer, Alex Gersh, would fill the same post at the new group. Mr McCarthy confirmed he would leave following the merger.
Talks on the proposal have been under way for a while, said Mr McCue: “It helped very much that both sets of management know each other.”
The deal is the latest in a flurry of mergers and acquisitions activity in the sector. Last month, Ladbrokes and Gala Coral agreed to join forces, creating a group with potential revenues of €2.8 billion. Sportsbet owner GVC Holdings is in a bidding war with 888 for Bwin Party Digital Entertainment.
Paddy Power reported yesterday that revenues in the first six months of 2015 rose 25 per cent to €528 million from €396 million during the same period last year. Operating profit grew 33 per cent to €80 million from €60 on the back of growth across all its online and retail betting businesses in Europe and Australia. Betfair released figures showing revenues rose 15 per cent to £135 million in the three months to July 31st.
Many pundits have given high grades to the Portland Trail Blazers offseason, as they made several intelligent moves to strengthen their biggest areas of need. One of these moves was to replace J.J. Hickson, playing out of position at Center, with Robin Lopez.
The Trail Blazers were one of the worst defensive teams in the league last season, rating 26th in defensive ratings, allowing 109.2 points per 100 possessions. One of the reasons for this is their inability to defend the pick and roll, as they allowed 0.81 points per possessions (PPP) to the ball handler (19th) and 1.07 PPP to the PNR roll man (28th), per Synergy Sports.
Lopez was one of the best defenders on the PNR roll man, according to Synergy, as he allowed only 0.58 PPP, which ranked 7th in the nation. From the surface, it appears as though Lopez will provide an immediate improvement in this area but the video shows that this may not necessarily be true.
Lopez PNR Defense
Let's first look at how Lopez graded so well in these situations according to Synergy. When Lopez was defending the pick and roll, the Hornets (now Pelicans) relied on an ICE style of defense, which means that Lopez did not hedge hard on the ball but instead sags into the lane to cut off penetration.
This style of defense slows down the ball handler enough to allow the primary defender to recover while giving the big man the ability to recover to his man to take away the roll option. In this example, Dirk Nowitzki pops out for the pass from his teammate but Lopez has enough time to recover and challenge the long jump shot. It's good defense mainly because the shot is missed but the defense played as well as it could. The strategy plays to Lopez's strength and allows him to succeed by contesting the jump shot.
While this style of defense is vulnerable to allowing open jump shots, Lopez is often able to recover quickly enough to at least offer a partial contest of the shot. Plus, the open space is farther from the lane due to Lopez's initial positioning, which forces the roll man into a long two point attempts. The Hornets used this style of defense on the pick and roll because Lopez would struggle with a hard hedge (as shown below by Portland), as he is not quick enough to stop the dribbler coming off the ball screen. However, he can take away the penetration lane, which slows the ball handler down and then he is in position to recover and contest the jump shot.
Portland PNR Defense
Portland's main defensive strategy against the pick and roll is to hedge on the ball handler to slow down the action. The defense then has to rotate to the screener while the big man recovers after slowing down the ball. Portland struggled with this part of the defense, which led to many open jump shots for the screener. The frame below shows the beginning of the sequence, as the big man hedged high on the ball screen, forcing Ty Lawson to pick up his dribble.
Several things went wrong on many such possessions that led to easy, uncontested jump shots for the screener. First, the Portland big man was too slow to recover to his man after hedging and slowing down the player using the ballscreen. This allowed the screener to roll to the open area of the floor for a jump shot.
While the hedge on the screen did it's job most of the time to stop the guard, it left the defense vulnerable to the roll man. Portland's big had enough quickness that the hedge was effective but it put them too far away from the roll man to recover in time and the help was often late as well. If the third defender did get there to challenge the shot, the big man was able to shoot over the smaller defender. Many of these shots were 15 feet and in, which allowed the offense to avoid the dreaded long two point attempts.
Lopez's fit into Portland's defense
As seen from the examples above, the defensive strategy of the Pelicans and the Trail Blazers was nearly the opposite. The question heading into the 2013-14 season is how the new look Trail Blazers will defend the pick and roll and whether the addition of Lopez will improve this aspect of their defense.
The Pelicans used the ICE method primarily because Lopez would struggle on hedging on the guards due to his below average lateral movement. This would expose the defense if the ball handler was able to avoid the hedge or cause Lopez to pick up unnecessary fouls far from the basket. Therefore, the Hornets had Lopez sag into the paint, taking away the driving lanes of the ball handler and forcing the roll man into long, contested jump shots.
This type of defense played right into Lopez's strengths and did not put him in a position outside of his comfort zone by forcing him to hedge hard on the ball screen. If the Blazers use him to hedge on the ball screen, it is likely he will struggle, which will lead to many easy baskets as the quicker guards easily dribble around him or cause Lopez to get in foul trouble as he tries to slow them down.
In short, although it looks like Lopez is an immediate upgrade to the Blazers poor pick and roll defense, the video shows that this is not quite a slam dunk. If the Blazers have Lopez hedge hard on screens, it is a strategy that will likely not end well for either the Blazers' defense, as it will be easy to expose this weakness of Lopez, or Lopez's minutes, as smart guards will be able to pick up cheap fouls on him as he hedges on the screen.
The best idea is to move to a style of defense Lopez is used to playing (at least in situations where Lopez is defending the screener) which would put Lopez in an area of strength and likely improve the Blazers pick and roll defense. Lopez showed with the Pelicans that he is comfortable in this style of defense and Portland adapting this will shore up one of their weakest parts of their defense. If they stick with their strategy from last season, they will struggle again against the pick and roll and could see one of their most important off season signings limited by foul trouble.
The addition of Lopez coupled with putting him in a defensive strategy he is used to and fits his strength will not completely solve the Blazers defensive woes, much less their pick and roll defensive struggles. Plugging in Lopez, the 7th best defender against the PNR roll man as categorized by Synergy seems to be an easy fix to immediately improve the Blazers defense in this area. However, the video shows that there are some other tweaks that Blazers need to work out before the season but the addition of Lopez gives them the possibility to improve their pick and roll defense.
Follow-on Twitter
Advertisements
Schneiderman, thinking about consumers' expanded ability to get tickets to...Wings? I don't know what this guy listens to. (Drew Angerer/Getty Images)
Ah, the ticket bot, the online foe of the frustrated concertgoer who just wants to see L.C.D. Soundsystem's "retirement show" or Hamilton or Phish, only to get stymied by ticket brokers flooding the line. Unlike you, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman can do more than just bellow at the heavens when this happens, and he announced today that he came to a settlement worth millions of dollars with six companies that used ticket bots to purchase and re-sell tickets over the last six years.
According to Schneiderman, the A.G.'s office reached a settlement worth $4.19 million with six companies (Prestige Entertainment, Presidential Tickets, Concert Specials, Inc., Fanfetch Inc. and BMC Capital Partners, Inc.). Five of them were accused of using illegal ticket bot software to buy massive amounts of concert tickets which they then resold to consumers. A sixth company (JAL Enterprises, LLC) admitted to reselling the tickets without a license to do so in New York State, as did Prestige Entertainment, Presidential Tickets, Concert Specials and Fanfetch.
A state law passed in 2016 increased civil penalties for ticket bot scalpers and expanded the law to include anyone who knowingly resells tickets that a bot initially purchased. According to the terms of Schneiderman's settlement, the companies will keep their licenses to resell tickets in New York and agree to no longer use ticket bots, in addition to paying the state $4.19 million in penalties and returned profits.
"Unscrupulous ticket resellers who break the rules and take advantage of ordinary consumers are one of the major reasons why ticketing remains a rigged system," said Attorney General Schneiderman said in a statement. "We will continue to fight to make ticketing a more fair and transparent marketplace, so fans have the opportunity to enjoy their favorite shows and events. Anybody who breaks the law will pay a steep price."
F# has two great IDEs. Visual Studio is the recommended way for Windows users, while Linux and Mac developers can enjoy Monodevelop. Both are great, have many nice features. Tomas did a very good job a few months ago with Monodevelop plugin for F#.
However, I cannot go without Emacs. Even at Microsoft, I have both Emacs and VS open permanently, depending on what I am doing. I am not the only one: Many people love this great editor. It is more flexible and better for text edition than most other pieces of software. Some colleagues told me: "I wish I could use Emacs when writing F# code." But Emacs lacks some features other IDEs have.
Thanks to the November release of F# and the good work Tomas did, it is easy to use F# compiler as a service. I have made an experimental prototype of F# Intellisense in Emacs. Results are very encouraging, and I believe current limitations could be fixed quickly.
It is not ready for public release yet. There is still some work to do to make it easy to use. However, I lack time and I wish some people could help. Most of the work has been done. There are still a couple of things to improve, both on the Emacs code and on the F# code. If you are interested, you can try this Intellisense prototype from SVN on Sourceforge. I can give write access to people willing to contribute.
An environment illustration for miniature & card game Drake , check them out!"In this artwork you can see a Terrax on the top right eagerly awaiting the delivery of a piece of precious information from the approaching troops. Several "Chax" an unreleased four-limbed Saan cousin also fly near by. They are waiting for a possible screeching call from the Terrax to attack, should the approaching troops fail in their mission.The Saan covet knowledge above all else, but despite this they would never risk an all out assault on the Great Library, preferring proxies and subterfuge. It's not just the multiple alliances with neighboring kingdoms, or the deadly precision of the warrior monks who guard it. There is something about this ancient scholar city that just feels... dangerous..."- Benjamin McDonald, DirectorStill work in progress, I'll update the final here when I get it done.Drake © Action Games Miniatures
Posted October 14, 2014 at 1:41 am
- No background version
Requested by Anonymous - V5 Heidi, V5 Girly Tedd, and Sarah in sports bras and running shorts
I meant to Heidi to be in the foreground, but she sort of wound up just looking big to me. Of course, if the perspective looked perfect to you, disregard the previous sentence and don't change your opinion you were right the first time noooooooo~!
The exercise clothing combined with the characters gave me the idea for this scenario. Heidi is significantly less muscular than Elliot, but she's still ridiculously full of energy and could probably run for days. Sarah and Tedd, not so much . They did NOT make good time on the mile. In fact, I'm not entirely sure they even finished before walking over to Heidi/Elliot, who finished ages ago.
This morning I received the following email:
It would be appreciated if you would respond either positively or negatively to this request confirming if you will assist Police in preventing this ongoing crime.
The domain(s) continues to be accessible by members of the public and is still making illicit financial gains for the criminals operating it.
On the 24 th September 2013, EasyDNS Technologies was emailed a domain suspension request for the following domain(s) that to date we have not received a reply nor seen action taken:
The request came from The City of London (UK) Police Intellectual Property Crime Unit, and it had me thinking about this issue all morning, whether I should write anything about it, etc. It's a strongly worded email “The domain(s) continues to be accessible by members of the public and is still making illicit financial gains for the criminals operating it.” Ok, what exactly makes the website operators criminals (the website in question is a bittorrent search engine, I don't even think they're hosting the torrent files locally).
It wasn't until I got to the office that I realized that there was a PDF attached to the email request, in it were further details/instructions:
It referenced the section 5.5.2.1.3 of the ICANN RAA which states “accreditation as a Registrar can be terminated if the Registrar is found to have ‘permitted illegal activity in the registration or use of domain names'.” (Although I cannot find this text in the current RAA)
It requests that we freeze the whois record and permit no further changes to it.
It directs us to redirect the DNS for the domain to 83.138.166.114
It “reserves the right” to refer the matter to ICANN
After I read the attached order I realized I had to post because this opens all kinds of thorny philosophical issues which we've been talking about for years.
The lack of any semblance of due process when it comes to domain name takedowns.
Who decides what is illegal? What makes somebody a criminal? Given that the subtext of the request contains a threat to refer the matter to ICANN if we don't play along, this is a non-trivial question. Correct me if I'm wrong, but I always thought it was something that gets decided in a court of law, as opposed to “some guy on the internet” sending emails. While that's plenty reason enough for some registrars to take down domain names, it doesn't fly here.
We have an obligation to our customers and we are bound by our Registrar Accreditation Agreements not to make arbitrary changes to our customers settings without a valid FOA (Form of Authorization). To supersede that we need a legal basis. To get a legal basis something has to happen in court.
The request also suggests we look at the whois contact information for the domain (which looks perfectly valid) and go ahead and suspend the domain based on invalid whois data. Again, there's a process for that, you have to go through the ICANN Whois Inaccuracy Complaint process and most of the time that doesn't result in a takedown anyway.
What gets me about all of this is that the largest, most egregious perpetrators of online criminal activity right now are our own governments, spying on their own citizens, illegally wiretapping our own private communications and nobody cares, nobody will answer for it, it's just an out-of-scope conversation that is expected to blend into the overall background malaise of our ever increasing serfdom.
If I can't make various governments and law enforcement agencies get warrants or court orders before they crack my private communications then I can at least require a court order before I take down my own customer.
Before anybody tells me “this is just some bittorrent domain, just take it down”, remember what we said back in 2010: First They Came For the File Sharing Domains.
About a week after that was posted Senator Lieberman and friends went batshit crazy trying to take down wikileaks. Why? Egregious truth telling. Again, this is the entire point of due process it's there to keep us collectively away from the top end of the slippery slope.
Unfortunately, we're most of the way down that slope and into the mud of blatant mass online surveillance – the next phase will be concerted repression of inconvenient truth-tellers and facts.
Further Reading
Update:
We took a look at http://83.138.166.114/ – the IP address they wanted us to redirect all of this domain's traffic to.
Note that they are promoting paid, commercial alternatives to the websites they want us to takedown.
In other words, they are ordering us to take down competing websites, with no legal basis, hijacking the traffic, and redirecting it to competing commercial services, all of which are based out of (guess where?) London, UK.
And here they are complaining about “profiting from illegal activity”.
Update #2
I've seen a few comments around the internet that this was so over-the-top wrong that it couldn't be real and was probably an elaborate phishing attempt.
I too suspected as much, so I looked at the headers before writing this post, it looks like the real deal:
Return-Path: <PIPCUantipiracy@city-of-london.pnn.police.uk>
X-Original-To: markjr@[redacted]
Delivered-To: markjr@[redacted]
X-Greylist: Passed host: 212.62.5.146
X-Greylist: Passed host: 212.62.5.146
Received: from mail.pnn.police.uk (mail.pnn.police.uk [212.62.5.146])
(using TLSv1 with cipher DHE-RSA-AES256-SHA (256/256 bits))
(No client certificate requested)
by c3po.easydns.com (Postfix) with ESMTP id 8720F8B7DB;
Tue, 8 Oct 2013 07:01:14 -0400 (EDT)
From: PIPCUantipiracy <PIPCUantipiracy@city-of-london.pnn.police.uk>
To: "'erol@[redacted]" <erol@[redacted]>
CC: "'markjr@[redacted]'" <markjr@[redacted]>
Subject: Website domain name suspension request #2 (NOT PROTECTIVELY MARKED)
Thread-Topic: Website domain name suspension request #2 (NOT PROTECTIVELY
MARKED)
Thread-Index: Ac7EFX3SXZveCQEuR6ePpq8AuQZZkg==
Date: Tue, 8 Oct 2013 11:00:05 +0000
Message-ID: <E3C2DE70C528F04096144CDA1C81C335029F76@CP8-DAG01.city-of-london.police.uk>
Accept-Language: en-GB, en-US
Content-Language: en-US
X-MS-Has-Attach: yes
X-MS-TNEF-Correlator:
x-officeenforcer-classification-impactlevel: 0
x-officeenforcer-classification: NOT PROTECTIVELY MARKED
x-originating-ip: [172.29.4.107]
Content-Type: multipart/mixed;
boundary="_004_E3C2DE70C528F04096144CDA1C81C335029F76CP8DAG01cityoflon_"
MIME-Version: 1.0
X-OriginalArrivalTime: 08 Oct 2013 11:00:05.0750 (UTC) FILETIME=[8BB3D960:01CEC415]
X-ACL-Warn: X-Virus Scan: F-Secure 9
X-PNN3-Rtr: dnslookup
Looks like it really did originate from the London Police servers.
Update #3
A friend emailed me and said that after reading this post, it wasn't crystal clear what we did about this or what our policy is. I've seen a couple comments (slashdot story here, etc) that seem to allude that the domain in question now points to the IP we mentioned.
So just to clarify:
1) We haven't taken down the domain.
2) We told them to get a court order.
Also, some people have observed that our own AUP mentions copyright infringement as grounds for termination. This is true and we have referred to it in the past in cases where the domain was actually hosting copyrighted material and refusing or ignoring legitimate takedown requests for that material.
That said, our AUP states clearly: What constitutes a violation of our AUP is at the sole discretion of easyDNS. I cannot possibly imagine who else should be the final arbiters of that. An AUP and ToS is an agreement between the customer and the service provider. It is not a mechanism for third-parties to shoehorn their whims into somebody else's affairs. If you want to do that, get a court order.
Update #4
It also occurs to us that any registrars that did comply with these requests may now be in violation of the ICANN transfers policy if they don't let those domains transfer away.
Update #5
We have initiated a Transfer Dispute Resolution Process against another registrar who has complied with these takedown requests and will not let 3 domains transfer-away to easyDNS.
Update #6
It was a long haul, but the NAF panel found in our favor and ordered the three domains locked down at another registrar to be transferred to easyDNS.
A Dutch restaurant is now serving up some stallion with its scallions.
The offbeat food truck Keuken van het Ongewenst Dier, which translates to "The Unwanted Animal Kitchen," now supplies its "My Little Pony Burger" year round to Babbe Hengeveld, a chef who runs her own restaurant Food Guerilla, reports Vice Munchies.
Keuken van het Ongewenst Die has been serving the burger periodically for years and the patty itself is made from the meat of butchered, aging horses that have worked at a local amusement park, Slagharen.
COUNTRIES THAT EAT DOG MEAT
The idea behind the unusual protein is to ensure that the meat from older horses isn't wasted when the animals are put down.
The menu at Keuken van het Ongewenst Dier is dependent on seasonal food waste so items fluctuate based on the incoming meats and available ingredients. But there's usually plenty of horse meat to keep the "My Little Pony" burgers on the menu.
Hengeveld says she thinks horse is a tasty, protein rich meat but admits the horse burger is not one of the menu's bestsellers.
“They don't sell well because people do feel bad about the idea of eating horse,” Hengeveld told Vice. For some, horses will always be seen as pets in the same way dogs are. Cows and chickens, in many Western cultures, aren't kept as pets so they're okay for food.
“I just need to throw away the meat sometimes. For people to understand, you really have to explain to them clearly about the unwanted ponies and horse meat. When I'm cooking in the kitchen, I don't always have time for this.”
OH DEER! ARBY'S ROLLS OUT VENISON BURGER
But the potential of using meat that would otherwise be wasted hasn't been lost on the business world, Hengeveld says.
Bigger companies are interested in building on her technique and some have approached her about adapting the burger for a larger audience.
“For businesses, it's just a matter of improving their image,” but, she says, “if the goal is reached, the underlying reason doesn't matter that much.”
The Senate Judiciary Committee has subpoenaed former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort to appear before the panel in an open hearing on Wednesday morning, setting up a high-stakes showdown with one of the central figures in the ongoing uproar over Trump and Russia.
The order was a dramatic reversal from just days before, when the committee said it had reached an agreement with Manafort and the president's eldest son, Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE Jr., that allowed them to skirt a subpoena in exchange for providing records and a private interview.
But Manafort's deal appears to have broken down since Friday. If Manafort does not appear at the appointed time — 10 a.m. — on Wednesday morning, he risks being held in contempt of Congress.
ADVERTISEMENT
According to committee leaders, Manafort was willing to do only one transcribed interview that only a handful of members of Congress would be able to see, effectively curtailing any opportunity that other committees would have to question him.
Even Judiciary committee members and staff would have been cut out under the terms Manafort's lawyer proposed.
Judiciary Chairman Chuck Grassley Charles (Chuck) Ernest GrassleyOvernight Health Care: Drug execs set for grilling | Washington state to sue over Trump rule targeting Planned Parenthood | Wyoming moves closer to Medicaid work requirements Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Lower refunds amplify calls to restore key tax deduction MORE (R-Iowa) and ranking member Dianne Feinstein Dianne Emiel FeinsteinHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Ocasio-Cortez adviser says Sunrise confrontation with 'old-timer' Feinstein 'sad' Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid MORE (D-Calif.) refused to accept the deal.
“While the Judiciary Committee was willing to cooperate on equal terms with any other committee to accommodate Mr. Manafort's request, ultimately that was not possible,” they wrote in a joint statement released Tuesday morning.
The committee may yet come to an eleventh-hour agreement with Manafort, although a spokesman for Feinstein said late in the afternoon Tuesday that he did not know of any ongoing talks. Grassley's office did not respond when asked if negotiations were ongoing.
But the two lawmakers indicated in their statement that the door was still open.
“As with other witnesses, we may be willing to excuse him from Wednesday's hearing if he would be willing to agree to production of documents and a transcribed interview, with the understanding that the interview would not constitute a waiver of his rights or prejudice the committee's right to compel his testimony in the future,” they said.
At issue is a June 2016 meeting at Trump Tower between Manafort, Trump Jr. and a woman described as a Russian government lawyer offering dirt on Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE. An email setting up the meeting said the information was part of the Russian government's effort to elect Trump.
Trump Jr. has said the conversation centered on a push to rename, soften or repeal the Magnitsky Act, which imposed sanctions on some Russians for human rights violations. The lawyer, Natalia Veselnitskaya, was then lobbying against those sanctions.
The meeting has drawn fierce congressional scrutiny from all sides.
On Tuesday morning, Manafort met behind closed doors with the staff of the Senate Intelligence Committee “by previous agreement,” according to his spokesperson, where he “answered their questions fully.”
Manafort's demands are smart lawyering, said Andy Wright, a former White House counsel and congressional lawyer on the House Oversight Committee — but it's unlikely Grassley and Feinstein would ever agree to them given how many other committees are involved in the sweeping investigations into Trump and Russia, many of which implicate Manafort.
It would force even the Intelligence Committee — which has access to a broader swath of intelligence than Judiciary — to rely on the questions posed by a panel with completely different investigative and jurisdictional concerns.
The committee doesn't have the authority to compel the written interview, only Manafort's appearance or documents. When negotiations over access to the interview fell apart, the committee reverted to the best tool they do have: a subpoena requiring Manafort to testify publicly.
Manafort could appear before the committee on Wednesday morning and assert his constitutional right against self-incrimination.
But Wright says that Manafort may have effectively waived his Fifth Amendment rights by appearing before the Intelligence Committee.
“I would guess he would assert the Fifth at this point — but if he's gone and given a big fat interview [to the intel panel] about a lot of the topics Judiciary wants to hear about, I don't see how he'll be able to say he didn't waive his Fifth Amendment privileges,” Wright said.
If he fails to appear entirely, the Senate could vote to hold him in contempt and refer the matter for prosecution to the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia — although the chances are slim that the U.S. attorney would move forward with a prosecution.
There is a precedent for such a refusal. The Senate certified a criminal contempt charge against Attorney General Eric Holder Eric Himpton HolderObama political arm to merge with Holder-run group Barack, Michelle Obama expected to refrain from endorsing in 2020 Dem primary: report Ocasio-Cortez to be first guest on new Desus and Mero show MORE during President Obama's second term, but the U.S. attorney refused to bring it before the grand jury.
But Feinstein on Tuesday seemed to hint that such a maneuver would be unlikely.
“We can hold him in contempt and that's a more complicated process. I hope that's not the case,” she told CNN that afternoon.
Grassley has said that his interest in Manafort is related to enforcement of the Foreign Agent Registration Act (FARA) under both the Trump and Obama administrations, one of the stated purposes of the hearing.
Investor Bill Browder, who worked to push the Magnitsky Act through Congress and is also scheduled to testify Wednesday, has filed a complaint with the Justice Department alleging Veselnitskaya and a handful of other Washington lawyers and lobbyists ran afoul of FARA by failing to register as foreign lobbyists.
Democrats, meanwhile, will likely be more interested in the Trump Tower meeting as evidence of possible collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russian government. The hearing is also billed as a probe of “attempts to influence U.S. elections.”
Manafort has long been a focal point in the speculation over Trump and Russia, due in part to his work for a Putin-backed campaign in Ukraine.
Committee leaders have waived a previously issued subpoena for another witness originally asked to testify on Wednesday, Glenn Simpson. Simpson, who heads a D.C.-based investigative firm that contracted the production of a dossier full of incendiary allegations about Trump, agreed to provide a transcribed interview in exchange for not testifying.
Although the committee has lifted the subpoena and Simpson will not be forced to testify, Grassley and Feinstein emphasized in a statement that the agreement “does not constitute a waiver of Mr. Simpson's rights nor prejudice the committee's right to compel his testimony in the future.”
Two retired U.S. commanders say President Obama still does not have a winning strategy for defeating the Islamic State group after three years and billions of dollars invested in the cause.
Retired Gens. James “Mad Dog” Mattis and Anthony Zinni were asked by Time magazine Tuesday to assess the U.S.-led coalition's efforts against the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL. Neither man was convinced the president had a winning long-term strategy.
Mr. Mattis, who led U.S. Central Command from 2010 to 2013, told the publication that Mr. Obama's efforts are “unguided by a sustained policy or sound strategy [and] replete with half-measures.”
Mr. Zinni, who held the position from 1997 to 2000, was even more blunt.
“It's a bad strategy, it's the wrong strategy, and maybe I would tell the president that he would be better served to find somebody who believes in it, whoever that idiot may be,” the former four-star general told the magazine.
Army Gen. Joseph Votel, chief of U.S. Central Command, disagreed, saying, “We are really into the heart of the caliphate.”
The magazine noted that Mr. Obama's anti-Islamic State coalition does have some politically safe statistics — a 15,000-to-1 kill ratio with an estimated 30,000 members destroyed — but that high body counts do not always translate into victory, since the terror organization quickly replenishes its ranks.
Stephen Biddle, a military analyst at the Council on Foreign Relations, said the president needs to worry about “what would come afterward,” should U.S.-trained forces in Iraq and Syria recapture cities like Mosul or Raqqa.
“Stabilization is unlikely without an investment vastly larger than most Americans will support,” Mr. Biddle said.
Mr. Obama recently gave reporters an update on U.S. operations in Iraq and Syria, where roughly 5,000 troops serve as advisors. He said that while the terrorist group will “inevitably be defeated,” the task requires more than “military force alone.”
“The decline of ISIL in Syria and Iraq appears to be causing it to shift to tactics that we've seen before; an even greater emphasis on encouraging high profile terrorist attacks, including in the United States,” the president said Aug. 4, Military Times reported.
“So long as their twisted ideology persists and drives people to violence, then groups like ISIL will keep emerging. And the international community will continue to be at risk in getting sucked into the kind of global whack-a-mole, where we're always reacting to the latest threat or a lone actor,” the president added.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
An Esperanza High senior is leading an effort to build a K-9 Memorial Wall to honor four-legged officers that have served the Placentia Police Department and the community.
“This project touched me because I am a huge lover of dogs,” Jay Jones, 17, said. “I wanted to do a project that meant something to me and to others.”
The idea to build the memorial came up when Jones was brainstorming ideas for his Eagle Scout project with Placentia Councilman Craig Green who serves as executive officer for Boy Scout Troop 723 in Placentia.
Jones and a group of volunteers has spent more than 400 hours planning and building a wall with 12 niches, where the ashes of police dog who have died will be entombed.
The memorial wall, which is in the Placentia Civic Center Plaza next to the Police Department, will have a bronze plaque for each of the department's five dogs who have died: Nanto, Marko, Jack, Castor and Storm.
The department's other dogs will be memorialized in the wall after they have died.
“Our police dogs have proven to be invaluable tools: apprehending dangerous criminals, sniffing out illegal drugs, protecting officers and acting as strong deterrents to crime,” said Placentia police Lt. Eric Point, a former K-9 handler.
Jones raised about $1,750 to build the wall and now has a GoFundMe campaign to raise an additional $4,000 for the bronze plaques. So far, he has raised $775. To make a donation, visit: gofundme.com/d76d3f8w. The project needs to be completed by Dec. 10 – his 18th birthday.
“The Police Department fully supports the project and is very appreciative that Jay has chosen the memorial wall as his Eagle Scout project,” Point said.
Contact the writer: 714-704-3709 or desalazar@ocregister.com
Roger Wilson has been at the top of his sport – playing for Ulster, Northampton and Ireland – since he was a student, but at the age of 34 he now has to confront the reality that, even though his mind is quick, his body is stoically slowing down
After 14 years in professional rugby, Roger Wilson, the Ulster and one-time Ireland No8, is attuned to calmly reading every detail on a chaotic pitch. In the second half of Ulster's latest European Champions Cup game against Oyonnax in Belfast he saw a clear gap in the field. “I spotted it, it was there for me, a really decent gap, I ran at full pace, then in a second I was caught and hit. Boom, flat on my back. As I was tackled, I was annoyed, I knew when I was younger I would have made that. I popped up a good offload and then, thinking out loud, said ‘Jesus, I've got slow'. A player nearby laughed.” Wilson can smile thinking about a moment in a game where he otherwise excelled, but the realities of his final years as a professional are becoming harsher.
Most mornings he wakes up tentatively, not because he is tired, but because he must assess how much damage his body took in the previous game. After playing almost 200 games for Ulster, he greets the inevitable aches with stoicism and a sigh. Bruises and niggles are an occupational hazard common to every professional player. His body slowly wakes up, and he makes his way into training, where he is happiest and more comfortable. He is now the oldest player in the Ulster team, but apart from a successful spell at Northampton, he has played at Ravenhill since he was a student.
“I never thought I would go so far. At school, at one stage I actually wanted to focus on football, not rugby. I wasn't enjoying the game, it was all so regimented. But I quickly realised that I had some sort of ability in rugby and it just went on from there, scraping into an Ireland schools' team in my final year at school. Then one minute I was sitting in Trinity College after a third division game eating a curry, the next I was signed up to Ulster on a professional contract, I didn't have time to think.”
Wilson made his professional debut aged 21 in 2003. At Ulster, professionalism came a bit slower than in England. The players still wore baggy cotton jerseys and court sessions on the back of the bus were still relatively frequent. Today Wilson arrives into training for a nutritious, pre-planned breakfast, he then has lunch with the team before being given a packed dinner to take home. Every detail of his life in terms of rugby is catered for by the club.
An outsider at a grand slam: the world No198 on his time at the Australian Open Read more
“When I started, we would train for a few hours, then as a team we'd all troop down to the local shop, grab a sandwich and a coffee, and polish them off on the weights bench. Now everything in my life is scheduled and thought of, to the point where, if you let it, you can become robotic in how you go about things. Rugby is such a consuming sport that you have to force yourself to think outside it and have other interests.”
Wilson started studying at Trinity College, Dublin and finished his degree at Queen's University in Belfast when he was offered a full-time contract. The academic discipline he needed to finish his degree during gaps in training is now a necessary component of the modern game. “A lot of my time is spent studying. In any game, there are so many things to read and remember. A line-out can change with a buzzword, a hand signal, a call, whatever. I am constantly looking at everything, one foot out of place can change everything. Impulsivity is relatively rare, it's a become a game where we have to focus so hard play by play. You get one thing wrong in the heat of the moment, and it's on you.”
The position of No8 relies on intuition and intelligence. The player is attached to the back of a scrum and becomes the eyes of his pack. He uses his body like a slingshot to drive his scrum forward and is often the first person to pick up the ball and dictate the physical challenge of the game.
Modern rugby is built around confrontation. Winning collisions and inches of muddy ground armed only with the force of shoulders and will. Wilson cannot allow himself to think about pain or fear on the field, even if he wanted to. “There can be intimidation on the field, it's not so much a factor now with cameras as it was when I started. But I've had my eyes gouged, ‘fish hooked' and been punched when I couldn't protect myself. But I focus on what I am there to do. I take a pride in my work and my standards. When a player runs at me, I will not back away from that hit, I will relish it. I'm never scared out there; you can't be, the only thing you can rely on is your individual pride.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ulster players Rory Best, Roger Wilson and Lewis Stevenson arrive at the Kingspan Stadium for their match against Oyonnax. Photograph: Charles McQuillan/Getty Images
A heralded schoolboy player, Wilson only gained one cap for Ireland, a poxy return for a player of his ability. At 34, he knows that his hopes of playing more international rugby are over. “It used to really frustrate me, but I've totally come to terms with it now. You have to. I played at the highest level for Northampton and Ulster and thought I should have been there [for Ireland], but things don't always work out how you want them to. I am just happy to still be playing professional rugby, many others don't get that chance to play so long. Come back to me when I'm a bitter old man at 70, and maybe things will change. For now, I am just so pleased to still be playing for Ulster, many others had early career injuries, so you have to count every blessing.”
In a city as small and rugby-crazed as Belfast, Wilson and his Ulster team-mates are held on a pedestal. He started his career playing in front of a single ancient stand and now runs out to state-of-the-art facilities. There is a comfort in routine and the camaraderie of the dressing room.
Even while maintaining the highest standards, Wilson has to force himself to think of life beyond the weights room and the stadium. “Any player who says they won't miss the feeling of winning a big game is lying. It happens rarely, but when you have emptied every single piece of your body and you are lying in the dressing room exhausted after a big win. Then you are sitting there with your team-mates, and you can just give a look at each other completely satisfied. That's something I know I will never be able to replicate, no matter how hard I try.”
Entering the last portion of his career, Wilson will push his body to its absolute limits. There can be no time for regrets.
• This article is from Behind the Lines
• Follow Jonathan Drennan on Twitter
A coalition of cancer organizations is trying to get all cancer drugs covered for patients who need the life-saving medication.
This year in Nova Scotia, more than 6,000 people will be diagnosed with some form of cancer.
In many provinces, cancer drugs are covered by the provincial government, whether the patient takes the medication in hospital or at home in pill form — but not in Nova Scotia, the other Atlantic provinces and Ontario.
With drug costs ranging from a few hundred dollars per month to as high as $20,000 per month, depending on the medication, many people struggle to cope with the financial burden associated with their illness.
Derek Caine knows this all too well. His leukemia is in remission, but he knows it will come back and he knows he will require a pill rather than IV chemotherapy for treatment.
Caine can't understand why the province won't pay for cancer drugs in pill form, but will when it is applied intravenously.
"Why am I a second-class citizen?" he said.
"Our very lives depend on this, so please look at it again. Give us the drugs that we need and pay for them."
Dr. Bruce Colwell, an oncologist at the QE II Health Sciences Centre in Halifax, is part of CanCertainty, a coalition of 35 cancer organizations, that's working to change this.
"All those patients in Atlantic Canada and the rest of the country that are paying for their chemotherapy, that's oral. Just because it's by mouth, they have to pay for it. If it's intravenously, they don't have to pay for it," he told CBC's Information Morning.
In some cases, patients have a choice whether to take a pill or receive treatment intravenously.
"More often than not, you don't have a choice. The best treatment, the only treatment — that's a pill. And if it's the only treatment, and it's a pill, well then we have to go looking for [payment options]," said Colwell.
"We have a person that their full-time job is [as a] medical resource specialist — we call her — who comes in, sees these patients and we try to get her to help figure out how we're going to pay for this drug."
'Is it about the money? No, it's about the fairness'
Colwell says it could take as long as six or eight weeks before patients receive medication while they figure out a way to pay for it.
The price of cancer drugs varies widely, depending on the type of cancer.
For instance, kidney cancer drugs range between $5,000 and $6,000 per month. Colwell says for a family making $35,000 per year who qualifies for family pharmacare, they're going to have to pay a copay of $2,600 upfront before they receive the drug.
"Another drug, for example for colon cancer, Xeloda or capecitabine — that drug is about $700 every two weeks … but if you look at the cost of that there is an IV equivalent of that, that can be given in hospital. It's much cheaper for the drug, but the cost of the nursing, the hospital, all that actually adds up to more. So you'd be cost saving in terms of resources by giving the pill," he said.
Colwell admits expanding coverage for all treatments is costly.
"It's going to cost money, no doubt about it. It's going to cost money. Is it about the money? No, it's about the fairness. It's about making it fair between that patient that cannot have IV and a patient that gets a pill. You have cancer? You should be treated the same," he said.
"I've had patients who have considered moving to other provinces to get drugs."
Health Minister Leo Glavine says the province is looking at changing the status quo.
"It is a very, very extraordinary burden on people during one of the most stressful times," he said.
Squeeze Inn's West Sac location has closed.
I called the phone number on Tuesday evening, and the phone number had already been disconnected. I then called Oscar's Very Mexican Food, whose West Sac location shares a building with Squeeze Inn, and the woman who picked up told me that Squeeze Inn closed a week ago.
The West Sac location has also been removed from the Squeeze Inn's Web site, although no explanation has been given via social media.
The West Sac location first opened in May 2011 and shares an owner with the local chain's Yuba City location.
H/T to Ms. Munchie for the tip.
More News:
Midtown eatery fuses Mexican and Japanese food to create sushi burritos - An additional late-night weekend food option is now open for Sacramento, as the new Wrap N' Roll Sushi Burrito restaurant is bringing a fusion of Japanese and Mexican food by creating oversized sushi rolls that resemble burritos. Erika Bradley in the State Hornet.
Try It: Ruhstaller 1881 California Red Ale - A few days later I pulled the beer out of the refrigerator, took a few gulps, and quickly wished I had bought more than just one. Described by the brewery as “a true California Red Ale with all ingredients hailing from the Golden State,” this hoppy, crisp beer offers a mouthful of rich, layered flavor with lovely floral nuances. Kira O'Donnell in Sac Mag.
Author: Sourabh Gupta, Samuels International
India's domestic and international economic choices have not always been the wisest.
At independence, India was determined to transcend the distorted pattern of economic integration with the world that two centuries of exploitative colonialism had engendered. But in the process, it ended up effectively locking itself out of global trade and investment flows altogether—just at the time when advanced countries were tearing down their mercantilist tariff walls to make way for the liberal, post-war trading order.
Central planners in New Delhi foisted an import substitution industrialisation model of development, one suited to middle-income, primary-product exporters, upon an impoverished agrarian society. In doing so they condemned all but a privileged pocket of urban and public sector employees to the margins of the modern economy.
Two decades later, as East and Southeast Asia's tiger economies were taking advantage of Japanese firms' outward direct investment (ODI) strategies to make labour-intensive and export-oriented manufacturing activities the centrepieces of their inclusion programmes, New Delhi ushered in the high noon of license-raj socialism. To this day India's employment protection legislation in the formal manufacturing sector remains among the most restrictive in the world. The share of manufacturing goods in India's exports is declining. And Indian and South Asian small and medium enterprises are mostly absent from Asia's dynamic vertically-integrated, production-sharing chains.
India and Pakistan were founding members of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (now the World Trade Organization), yet at its very outset opted to write a prohibitory exception to mutual trade relations into its rules. In the bitterness of partition and their first war over Kashmir, New Delhi imposed a trade embargo to choke off the nascent Pakistani state—a legacy that has cautiously begun to be repaired since the late 1990s. Regionally, too, India to its detriment appears unable to purposefully engage within the current Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership negotiations, despite the gradual evisceration by the West of the most-favoured-nation principle in the multilateral system.
A once integrated subcontinent is now among the least integrated spaces in the world. India must take the lead in restoring the economic unity of the subcontinent. The subcontinent's economic links to East Asia remain insubstantial. India must exercise a leadership role in constructing multiple lines of communication that imaginatively network the subcontinent with production processes and final markets in East Asia and the Pacific.
India must not pass up the latest grand opportunity presented by China's ambitious ‘One Belt, One Road' initiative to build complementary cross-border connectivity links that both bind it to the periphery and integrate it via the ‘belt' and the ‘road' to global networks, while respecting the interests of all parties involved. Elevating the periphery to the core of its relationship with China will also promote possibilities for Sino–Indian cooperation in Asia and undermine the geopolitical one-upmanship which has hitherto characterised their regional strategies.
In February 2014, at the 17th round of Special Representative talks in New Delhi, Beijing formally invited India to join its ambitious Maritime Silk Route (MSR) project. The Narendra Modi government should aim to make China's activities in South Asia complementary to its own neighbourhood policy. India should exert its influence to craft the contours of the MSR's South Asian blueprint in order to chip away at the steep transaction costs associated with the subcontinent's post-1947 borders. It should also draw up an integrated view of how the various proposals under the rubric of China's ‘One Belt, One Road' initiative—the MSR, the Bangladesh-China-India-Myanmar (BCIM) corridor, and rail, road and port development in Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka and Myanmar—can be harmonised to serve both India's peaceful rise within its extended Asian neighbourhood and Asia's peaceful rise to the forefront of world affairs.
At a time when New Delhi lacks the funds—and perhaps the intent—to underwrite the modernisation programs of its common neighbourhood, it must not be seen to undermine an initiative that it does not at any rate possess the wherewithal to subvert. ‘One Belt, One Road' is the centrepiece of the Xi Jinping administration's ‘new type of international relations' concept—an imposing win–win scheme that aspires to embed the China Dream within a neighbourhood community of common destiny. Co-opting ‘One Belt, One Road' in South Asia will liberate New Delhi from its penchant to oscillate between viewing the subcontinent as its exclusive sphere of influence and longing to vault over the neighbourhood to pursue flashier adventures abroad.
By recreating the famous historical land and sea routes along which commerce and civilization once traversed, ‘One Belt, One Road' will also reawaken India in no small measure to its own golden age of cross-border contact. South Asia was once a great entrepot for commercial exchange between China and Rome. Asia's seas were a genuine mare liberum (free sea) that no sovereign sought to control. The spread of Buddhism from South Asia along the ‘belt' and ‘road' wove a common world of religious-cultural ambiance and sensibility that signified both integration and cosmopolitanism.
Standing in the UNESCO offices in March 2014, Chinese President Xi Jinping extolled the profound impact of Buddhism on China. For his part, Modi, a firm devotee of the Buddha, commenced his recent China tour at a shrine built to commemorate a famous Chinese Buddhist monk who had visited his ancestral village in Gujarat during the Tang Dynasty era. A 21st century infrastructure project geared to connect the Asian heartland to its hinterland and beyond might yet revive a set of loose integrative norms, which can foster principles of order and self-restraint in East Asia and South Asia.
Modi, unrestricted by the blinkers of his elitist predecessors, should exercise his abundant leadership qualities to walk India and South Asia confidently down this path.
Sourabh Gupta is Senior Research Associate at Samuels International Associates, Inc., Washington, DC.
This article appeared in the most recent edition of the East Asia Forum Quarterly, ‘Leadership in the region‘.
Nancy Pelosi, Chuck Schumer, Bernie Sanders, and about a dozen other Democrats stood together on Wednesday to announce their plan to defend Obamacare from Republican repeal — the most unified and aggressive show of force since their party's original push for the law seven years ago and more so than in any election since.
“We are united in our opposition to these Republican attempts to Make America Sick Again,” Schumer said, cracking a slight smile at the inversion of Donald Trump's campaign slogan.
The line suggests that Schumer wants to reframe the fight over Obamacare into one about the broader GOP health care agenda, which includes proposals to change Medicaid and Medicare.
Since the health care law passed in 2009, Schumer and other Democrats in Congress have learned that defending it can be a political loser. Republicans stayed unified in their opposition, and public opinion stayed on their side. But in their final push to save it, Democrats are moving the battle to new turf, fighting over Americans' shared frustration with the inadequacies of the country's health care system, not the law itself.
Meanwhile, Republicans are on new ground themselves, divided for the first time since the law was passed. They aren't sure whether to repeal now and decide later what program should take its place or even what replacement plan might come next.
This new dynamic — Democrats unified and Republicans at odds — makes it an open question what the future of Obamacare will look like, even as Republicans prepare to control both the Congress and the White House.
Democrats want to mix Obamacare repeal with Medicare privatization
The cardboard sign at the Democrats' Wednesday press conference set the tone: “The REPUBLICAN plan to cut Medicare, Medicaid, & the ACA” will “MAKE AMERICA SICK AGAIN.”
Schumer mixed and mashed the separate Republican attacks on Obamacare and Medicare, often blending the two together in the same sentence.
“Republicans are executing and will soon launch a full-scare assault on the three pillars that support the American health care system: the Affordable Care Act, Medicare, and Medicaid,” Schumer said. “Republicans should stop clowning around with Americans' Medicare, Medicaid, and health care.”
Schumer's attack combines a number of different Republican proposals, some more likely or more imminent to make it before Congress than others.
Republicans huddled on Capitol Hill this week to discuss their plans to gut Obamacare — that's the big question out of the gate in the new Congress. Schumer's Medicaid and Medicare references point to plans that House Speaker Paul Ryan has outlined but that aren't up for an immediate vote. (Trump has appointed Georgia Rep. Tom Price — who shares many of the speaker's plans for Medicare — to head the Health and Human Services Department.)
But these distinctions are not a subtlety Schumer has an interest in fleshing out at a press conference. It makes much more sense for him to knock Republicans for their desire to radically change the popular pillars of America's health care while simultaneously going after them for targeting its least popular elements — a move that also has the upside of being true.
The Republican crack-up on Obamacare
Meanwhile, Republican senators are uneasy about what their plan should be.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul said on MSNBC Wednesday that he wants the conference to repeal and replace Obamacare all at once, not kick replacement down the line. He argues that doing one without the other will send the insurance industry into a spiral.
Other Republicans fear they're simply going too far. Speaking on the condition of anonymity, a Republican senator told Bloomberg today that his caucus is increasingly terrified that their Obamacare repeal package goes too far. And at a closed-door meeting, another worried about the “consequences” of repeal and urged Republicans to tread cautiously, according to Talking Points Memo.
Vice President-elect Mike Pence visited Capitol Hill on Wednesday to talk about Obamacare, but it's not entirely clear what Trump's appetite is for changes to the health care system. Trump has only really embraced one part of the Republican Congress's health care reform agenda: Obamacare repeal. As Democrats like to point out, and as Sanders reiterated on Wednesday, Trump was adamant during the presidential campaign that neither Medicare nor Social Security was on the table for cuts.
Schumer's political calculus in “Make America Sick Again” was to collapse the contradictions in Trump's position. If you could make the public believe that reasonably popular Obamacare repeal was tied to fiercely unpopular Medicare privatization, then the appetite for cutting the former would be greatly diminished.
Trump himself appears to recognize the danger here. In a series of tweets Wednesday morning, Trump tried to isolate Obamacare as a unique cancer on American health care that Republicans would have to try to fight.
Republicans must be careful in that the Dems own the failed ObamaCare disaster, with its poor coverage and massive premium increases...... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 4, 2017
like the 116% hike in Arizona. Also, deductibles are so high that it is practically useless. Don't let the Schumer clowns out of this web... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 4, 2017
massive increases of ObamaCare will take place this year and Dems are to blame for the mess. It will fall of its own weight - be careful! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 4, 2017
The bipartisan turn on the national health care debate
For weeks, pundits have puzzled over what appears to be an agonizing choice for Democrats on Capitol Hill. If they work with congressional Republicans on an Obamacare replacement package, they'll give the GOP legislation bipartisan cover — and Trump an early political victory.
Democrats could instead refuse to work with Republicans on health care reform and an Obamacare replacement. But while that would give them room to attack whatever Republicans push through, it would also ensure that they have no impact on legislation that could deprive millions of their health care — legislation the GOP can pass without any Democratic votes anyway.
Schumer has rejected this apparent dilemma as a false choice. Instead, he argued that Democrats have an obvious path forward — stand clearly against all of the GOP's health care plans until there's any sign Republicans are interested in doing anything acceptable to Democrats.
So far, nothing of the sort has materialized. And as long as it doesn't, Democrats will be free to make the case that Republicans own all of the negative press that arises about any Obamacare repeal push.
“They're now responsible for the entire health care system; all the problems in the health care system are going to be on their back,” Schumer said of Republicans on Wednesday.
Watch: Repealing Obamacare could change millions of lives
In the brief period that the national political media has not been fixated on him, Donald Trump has undergone an important metastasis. His populist rhetoric has firmed up and identified a different and somewhat more specific band of enemies, including (but not limited to) oil companies, insurance companies, defense contractors, and wealthy “bloodsuckers” in general. The conservative analyst Byron York reports on Trump's new rhetorical direction in a story headlined “As vote nears, a more radical Trump emerges,” and the report is highly perceptive, except for one crucial detail: The new version of Trump is less radical, not more.
One of the important underlying facts of American politics is that rich people tend to have more socially liberal and economically conservative beliefs than the country as a whole. The elite criticism of the structure of party politics usually boils down to demanding that the parties reflect elite beliefs even more closely than they already do. Hence the endless demands for a socially liberal third party that will reduce spending on retirement programs, or the fantasy that America is entering a “libertarian moment.” The truth is just the opposite: The underserved political market is voters who want less libertarianism. They oppose free trade, want to keep every penny of promised Social Security and Medicare, distrust big business, think immigrants hurt the country, and generally distrust the rest of the world.
Trump's campaign initially emphasized his nativist position on immigration, which caused him to be identified with the Republican right. But Trump has repositioned himself increasingly as the candidate of the populist, disaffected center. Even though Trump has proposed a huge tax cut for the rich, he draws support from Republican voters who are most heavily in favor of raising taxes on the rich. (They have no other candidates to choose from within their party.)
Trump's populism has slowly intensified. “I don't get along that well with the rich. I don't even like the rich people very much,” he recently said. “It's like a weird deal.” He has proposed to let the federal government negotiate lower prices for Medicare prescription drugs, a plan horrifying to conservatives (and drug companies). Like other Republicans, he proposes to eliminate Obamacare and replace it with something undefined but wonderful. The reason Trump's vague repeal-and-replace stance makes them so nervous is that he once advocated single-payer insurance, and he has emphasized, in a way other Republicans have not, the horrors of leaving people who are too poor or sick to afford insurance on their own. Trump's shorthand description of the travails of the uninsured before Obamacare — people “dying on the street” — alarms conventional conservatives precisely because it captures the broad reality of the suffering that justified Obamacare in the first place, and which would intensify if the law is repealed. The Republican fear is that Trump's vague promise to replace Obamacare with something terrific is not just a hand-waving tactic to justify repealing Obamacare. Their fear is that he actually means it. Trump's populist positions may place him farther away from the Republican Party's intellectual and financial vanguard, but they draw him closer to its voters.
The clearest sign of Trump's intentions is the conscious fashion in which he has tried to co-opt the appeal of Bernie Sanders (who, like Trump, has opened up a populist attack on his party's consensus). Trump's argument is that he agrees with Sanders on trade, but only Trump can put his critique into practice:
“The one thing we very much agree on is trade. We both agree that we are getting ripped off by China, by Japan, by Mexico, everyone we do business with,” Trump said. “The difference is: I can do something about it. I'm going to renegotiate those trade deals, and I'm going to make them good. I mean, they're going to be really good,” he said. “Bernie can't do anything about it, because it's not his thing,” Trump continued. “He won't be able to do anything about it. I'll create absolute gold out of those deals.”
Here is the significance of those words. Trump has been promoting himself as a critic of existing trade agreements for a long time, but he has not been tying his ideas to those of Bernie Sanders. That's because Sanders does not have a lot of loyalists who are thinking about casting a vote in the Republican primary. But what if Trump is not thinking exclusively about the Republican primary? What if he is moving toward an endgame of a third-party run on behalf of a constituency that extends into both parties?
Story highlights Man Kaur is the oldest competitor at World Masters Games
Intends to compete in 200m, shot put and javelin
(CNN) Man Kaur is living proof that age is just a number.
The 101-year-old from Chandigarh, India, has made history at this year's World Masters Games in Auckland, New Zealand, as the oldest female athlete to win a gold medal in the 100-meter race.
She's the oldest athlete at the multi-sport event, which has been labeled by many as the Olympics for veterans. Held every four years, the World Masters Games are for people of varying abilities who are, generally, age 35 or over.
Kaur competed in multiple events at the games, winning the 100-meter dash in 74 seconds on Monday, and seizing gold in the 200-meter dash and shot-put events on Wednesday. On Thursday she'll compete in the javelin throw.
The sprightly great-grandmother has quickly become a sensation at the games, posing with peace signs for fans post-race and showing off her own victory dance to the crowd, while proudly sporting the number 10001 on her jersey.
Read More
“Love is a potion, mistook by careless fools, and it takes two…
Love is a surgeon, it comes right out the blue”
– Alice Gold
Sub Focus‘ the latest effort, Out the Blue, was released today. The five-song EP contains the radio edit and the club mix of the title track which features the beautiful vocals of Alice Gold. Additionally we are treated to remixes by Laidback Luke, Xilent, and XXXY. Overall there is something for everyone on here – the original is Drum & Bass; Laidback Luke's is Electro-House; Xilent lets it wobble with some Dubstep; and XXXY hooks us up with a beautiful Electronica track that is soulful/loungey House… more laid-back than Laidback Luke's version (ironic, isn't it?).
Hard to say which record I like best but I think right now it's split between the original mix and XXXY's chilled out and melodic version. (I've only just learned about XXXY but I'm going to spend some serious time on his SoundCloud…I have a feeling I'm going to like what I hear.) Let's be honest here – the UK's Sub Focus produces awesome music and he's a hell of a talent. I'd have a hard time saying any of the remixes to this song are better than his original version. If you aren't too familiar with his work, check out Fallin' Down, his self-titled album, or better yet go see his live show.
If you like any of these tracks please support the artist and purchase at Beatport.
Sub Focus – Out the Blue (Club Mix)
Sub Focus – Out the Blue (Laidback Luke Remix)
Sub Focus – Out the Blue (XXXY Remix)
Sub Focus – Out the Blue (Xilent Remix)
Sub Focus Facebook | SoundCloud
Laidback Luke Facebook | SoundCloud
XXXY Facebook | SoundCloud
Xilent Facebook | SoundCloud
@mmibty
The clock is ticking for Luis Santos – and it may be ticking in more ways than one.
Earlier today, Santos (61-9-1) missed weight for his welterweight title fight rematch against champion Ben Askren (14-0) at ONE Championship 32. With the title fight scrapped, Askren gave Santos until 1 p.m. Friday local time in Singapore for a second weigh-in – one at which both fighters would need to be 190 pounds or fewer just to have a non-title fight.
Ahead of that weigh-in, though, ONE Championship CEO Victor Cui told MMAjunkie Santos' future with Asia's largest MMA promotion does not look bright.
“This is singlehandedly one of the most unprofessional things I've ever seen from a fighter in the history of ONE Championship,” Cui told MMAjunkie. “He's had months to prepare for this fight. Months. Basically, since the first fight, we said we're going to do a rematch as soon as his eye heals. To come in that much overweight is really unprofessional. I can't believe a professional fighter at this level, with this much at stake, would not make weight.”
Santos weighed 172 pounds for the 170-pound title fight. Immediately after the weigh-ins, the fight was “still under negotiation,” according to ONE official. Now everything appears to hinge on “Sapo” coming in under Askren's suggestion of 190 pounds for a catchweight fight. The bout is scheduled to headline ONE Championship 32, which streams as an online pay-per-view in North America from Singapore Indoor Stadium in Singapore.
Santos first challenged Askren in April at ONE Championship 26. After defending the wrestler's takedowns in the first part of the first round, Askren caught Santos with an accidental eye poke. When the Brazilian couldn't continue, the fight was ruled a no-contest.
Cui said he wants to ultimately put the two together in a title fight. But since that won't happen this time with Santos missing weight, it may never happen since Santos appears to have rubbed Cui and others with the promotion the wrong way this week.
“I do want to make this fight happen down the road,” Cui said. “But that said, he's completely tainted himself. Our staff is all completely disgusted with his lack of professionalism.”
Moreover, Cui said Santos offered no explanation for coming in heavy – not even a dog-ate-my-homework type of excuse for the infraction on the scale.
“He's not sick, he has no injuries – in fact, when he landed several days ago, I saw him eating, so I thought, ‘Good, he's on weight,'” Cui said.
Perhaps most perplexing to Cui is that Santos is not new to the concept of making weight for a fight. “Sapo” has 71 fights on his record, including bouts for the WEC and Bellator before he came to ONE Championship.
Cui's 170-pound champion, on the other hand, had no issue with the scale.
“Ben's put in the time for this fight,” Cui said. “A fighter's got two jobs: make weight and put on an entertaining fight. (Santos) didn't do his job. Ben's not known for holding back his opinion. Obviously he's upset. If this was a prelim fight, or guys who have a record of 3-1, it would be one thing. But (Santos) has over 70 fights in his career, and this is the biggest fight of his life. To promote this event and fly him out to Singapore for an event televised to a world audience, it shows what an utter lack of professionalism he has (to miss weight).”
Following the weigh-ins, Askren, who's ranked No. 5 in the NOS Energy Drink MMA welterweight rankings, unleashed a flurry of tweets about Santos on Twitter:
My garbage opponent missed weight! He's on the clock. — Ben Askren (@Benaskren) November 12, 2015
Santos missed. My demand is that Santos makes 190lbs tomorrow or else the fight is off. — Ben Askren (@Benaskren) November 12, 2015
So sick of amateur Jabronis that refuse to honor the contract put in front of them. — Ben Askren (@Benaskren) November 12, 2015
It is on him at this point. 20lbs is more than reasonable. https://t.co/dCVvzWkiZy — Ben Askren (@Benaskren) November 12, 2015
No I said we both weigh in again tomorrow. Under 190 or no fight. https://t.co/rS5M1yTokd — Ben Askren (@Benaskren) November 12, 2015
For more on ONE Championship 32, check out the MMA Rumors section of the site.
Preston North End can confirm that Greg Cunningham has undergone an operation on the knee injury that he suffered in Tuesday night's game away at Derby County.
Having not been named in the matchday squad to face Reading at Deepdale this afternoon, the club felt it important for fans to be aware of the injury and that he will now be out for some time.
Speaking about the news, manager Alex Neil said: “It is a real blow for the player, who deservedly had just returned to the Irish squad after an excellent start to the season.
“As I described him after the game on Tuesday night, Greg is a ‘warrior' – as illustrated by the fact he wanted to carry on despite having done the damage that now requires an operation - and I have no doubt he will be back fitter and stronger before very long and our medical team will work closely with him to get him back with us.
“Whilst we are disappointed to lose Greg, this gives other players in the squad an opportunity to show what they are capable of and we look forward to seeing them compete for a starting shirt in his absence.”
President Raiko took the stage and cleared his throat, he reached into his suit jacket and pulled his speech out, laying it down on the podium. "My fellow citizens, four months ago this parcel of land was nothing but a barren field on the outskirts of Republic City. Four months ago, an army laid waste to our city, destroying ninety percent of its infrastructure. Kuvira and Her army brought with them a weapon the likes of which the world had never seen. The weapon was capable of leveling whole buildings and destroying whole city blocks, with such assured destruction We were left with no option but surrender. Thanks to the efforts of many, We were to surrender an empty city, thanks to those efforts most of us escaped the wrath and destruction that awaited. When all seemed lost, when our defeat was certain, a group of Republic City citizens did not accept defeat. They would not bow to a crazed dictator, even in the face of overwhelming odds. They decided to not give in without a fight. They decided to put their own lives on the line in the defense of Our home and Our lives. Avatar Korra, Lieutenant detective Mako, his brother Bolin, Hiroshi and Asami Sato, Master Tenzin and his Air Nomads, Chief Lin Beifong, and her sister Sue Beifong. As well Mr. and Mrs. Varrick, and a host of dedicated others protected Us and Our city. We owe them all a debt that we cannot hope to repay." President Raiko gestured to his left where the aforementioned all sat together on stage. "While they all sustained injuries, one member of this group paid the ultimate price." President Raiko paused for effect. "Hiroshi Sato, laid down his life so that our group of heros could take down Kuvira and her super weapon. Without his sacrifice, all would have been lost. It is with His memory that we dedicate the beginning of the New Republic City. Hiroshi Square!" President Raiko raised his hand and gestured to the giant statue as the curtain hiding it dropped. Thunderous applause followed as the crowd gazed upon the statue of Hiroshi Sato for the first time.
Korra reluctantly let go of Asami's hand as her girlfriend left her seat and headed towards the podium. She wishes she had Asami's natural gift of public speaking, she had help Asami prepare the speech, but would never be able to deliver it herself. She watched as Asami laid her own speech on top of the President's on the podium. She could see Asami's grief, this was as close to a eulogy that Asami was going to be able to give Her father. Korra turned her head and surveyed the crowd, she knew that the crowd had been screened at the entrances of the park. Usually She'd frown on such intensive security but She knew that it was necessary.
"My father…" Asami began.
Korra could see a tear roll down Asami's cheek, she looked at the distant skyscrapers lining the square hoping Asami could continue. Korra glared at the top of the Southern Water Tribe cultural center. She could swear a person was on the balcony. The figure's arms waved. Her heart exploded with adrenaline, before she could think she was sprinting across the stage. She knew bending when she saw it. She leapt towards Asami. Korra turned in mid air, her adrenaline made it seem like slow motion. She could just make out the blur of metal rocketing towards Asami. Her shoulder connected with Asami shoving her to the right and putting Korra in the path of the projectile. She hit the stage hard. Korra gasped for air, her lungs felt like they were flooding. Her vision blurred. She tried to breathe but she could only choke. Her arms spasmed, her mind barely registering the warm sticky pool of blood around her. Someone was yelling her name. Why am I so sleepy? Korra's thoughts pierced her panic. I'm so tired...why am I so tired?...I can't...I...I need to rest. Korra's eyes slowly drooped shut.
