Approximately Rs 2.20 crores were recovered in the raids conducted by the NIA. (File photo)
Swooping down on few traders and alleged hawala dealers, the NIA on Wednesday carried out searches at 27 places in various parts of Jammu and Kashmir and Delhi and seized nearly Rs 2.20 crore in cash in raids relating to probe into terror-funding activities in the state.During the operations, which began in the morning, houses and business establishments of those suspected of channelising funds to fuel secessionist and anti-India activities were searched, an NIA spokesman said New Delhi."During the searches, cash amounting to approximately Rs 2.20 crores were recovered," he said.The spokesman said various digital devices including laptops, mobile phones and hard drives have also been seized during the searches.Diaries pertaining to contacts of hawala operators/ traders, ledger books containing accounts of cross-border LOC trade of various trading companies have been recovered. Some details of bank account of Jammu and Kashmir were also recovered, the spokesman said.Travel documents of some entities indicating their visits to the UAE have also been recovered, he said, adding that some of the suspects were being questioned about the recoveries made from them.The raids come a day after the NIA arrested two persons, including a freelance photo-journalist, who allegedly indulged in stone-pelting and mobilising support against the security personnel through social media.These raids and arrests by the NIA is part of its investigation in a case registered on May 30 in which the leader of the Pakistan-based Jamaat-ud-Dawa and banned terrorist outfit Lashkar-e-Taiba, Hafiz Saeed, was named as an accused.The NIA has arrested seven persons in the case of alleged funding of terror and subversive activities in the Kashmir Valley to fuel unrest there.The case was registered for raising, receiving and collecting funds through various illegal means, including hawala channels, for funding such activities.It also included causing disruption in the Valley by stone-pelting, burning schools, damaging public property and waging war against India.This is for the first time since the rise of militancy in Jammu and Kashmir in the early 1990s that a central probe agency has conducted raids in connection with the funding of terrorist and separatist groups.The searches were also part of NIA probe into the alleged irregularities in cross-LoC trade. In this connection, the NIA had carried out searches on traders at trade facilitation centres at Salamabad in Kashmir region's North Kashmir's Baramulla district and Chakan-da-bagh in Poonch district of the Jammu region.During its probe, the NIA found that after clothes and 'dupattas', California Almonds has emerged as the new product in cross-LoC trade in Jammu and Kashmir that is being used a mode of terror-funding.According to the cross-LoC trade agreement between India and Pakistan, products grown in both sides of Jammu and Kashmir will be exchanged under barter system. The products included 'badam giri' that is grown in parts of Pakistanoccupied-Kashmir (PoK).The traders from PoK were sending and receiving California Almonds and it is alleged that the money was used for funding of terror groups in the state.The NIA, in its FIR, had alleged that there was a large scale transfer of funds from Pakistan to India through the import of California Almonds (badam giri) via the cross-LoC trade mechanism through the trade facilitation centres located at Salamabad and Chakkan-da-Bagh. "This is in gross violation of the state policy of prohibition on trade in 'third-party origin goods' through this mechanism and information indicated that these funds are being used for fomenting terrorism and separatism in the state of Jammu and Kashmir," the NIA said.
The understatement of the decade: Sansa Stark has had a rough go on Game of Thrones. Thankfully, it seems she's finally going to catch a break in season 6, which Sophie Turner says will be a big season for Sansa.
“I mean this season is a really, really big one for Sansa,” the actress said during EW's SAG Awards party on Friday in Los Angeles. “It's probably her best season yet. It's her really coming into her own. She, this season, really commands the respect that she deserves and she grabs hold of it and she runs with it and it's really good.”
Last season saw Sansa returning to her home of Winterfell to marry the psychotic Ramsay Bolton (Iwan Rheon) and crossed paths with Theon (Alfie Allen) in the process. While Sansa's fate was unclear during the finale, Turner further teased that fans are “finally getting that storyline that you've been craving for the past five seasons.”
RELATED: Stars Step Out At EW's SAG Awards Party
“It was amazing because the past five seasons, it feels like it's been building up and up to that,” she said. “You can only suffer so much before she finally gets her, the respect that she deserves.”
And, of course, what Game of Thrones season would be complete without some major shockers in store?
“I mean this season there's like so many shocks, it's massive,” Turner continued. “It's the biggest season yet. And just like in terms of character development, so many people's storylines, I'm so excited for. I'm so excited to see Alfie's one this season. It's going to be good.”
Game of Thrones season 6 will premiere April 24.
—Reporting by C. Molly Smith.
Australian war history items including WWI Victoria Cross medal and bugle to go under the hammer
Updated
A Victoria Cross (VC) medal awarded to a Tasmanian Sergeant after World War I is tipped to fetch more than $500,000 at an auction in Sydney this week.
A bugle that was played during the Gallipoli landing nearly 100 years ago is also among the memorabilia set to go under the hammer.
The VC Medal was given to Sergeant John Whittle in 1917 for "conspicuous bravery and devotion to duty on two occasions" in France.
Auction house managing director Jim Noble said Sergeant Whittle was a career soldier who also served in the Boer War.
His platoon suffered heavy casualties during World War I as the enemy was preparing to attack with a machine gun, and his VC citation said he "rushed alone, across the fire-swept ground and attacked the hostile gun crew with bombs before the gun could be got into action".
Mr Noble said Sergeant Whittle was "just one of those true Aussie heroes".
"He made his decision to risk his life, killed quite a number of the enemies at great risk to himself, probably thinking he wouldn't survive it, and just did his duty," Mr Noble said.
Sergeant Whittle's heroic actions were not limited to the battleground.
"He rescued a boy who was drowning in a pool near Sydney University, [then] walked away," Mr Noble said.
"It was only two days later that they found out who it was that rescued him."
Mr Noble said there was plenty of interest in the medal from private collectors, and he hoped it would be displayed in a museum or at the Australian War Memorial.
"There's a collector in England who doesn't own an Australian VC. I was thinking it'd be nice for him to buy it," Mr Noble said.
"He can't take it out of the country, but he could leave it in a museum."
Historic auction items valued at more than $6m
A bugle carried by a member of the 2nd Brigade at the Gallipoli landing in 1915 is expected to sell for $15,000.
A shield attached to it reveals the bugler was wounded on the day of the landing and later died.
The war medals of Private Horace William Madden, who was posthumously awarded the George Cross, are tipped to fetch $250,000.
Private "Slim" Madden died of malnutrition as a prisoner of war in Korea, and famously shared his meagre rations with other soldiers.
"He was in captivity and wouldn't give any secrets away under torture," Mr Noble said.
"He was starved, but rather than taking the food himself he gave it to his starving mates and he died doing that.
"He was awarded the George Cross posthumously - the only Australian to receive such an award in the Korean War."
The auction also includes copper coins known as convict "love tokens".
One dated 1797 says "forget me not" and "liberty is sweet".
"These were engraved in the earliest days of settlement by convicts who were travelling to Australia," Mr Noble said.
"The only way you could get a record or memory of your loved one was to have this copper coin shaved down."
One token, dated 1844, features a ship engraved alongside a kangaroo and an emu on a smoothed penny.
A message on the other side, from a convict to his father, said: "Accept this, tho' poor it is and keep it for my sake ... may your kind and grateful heart no more have cause to ache."
Del Parker, a buyer's representative from Dallas, Texas, said the Sydney auction was "the clearing house for the southern hemisphere" when it came to world coins.
"Now we have people making more money than we can dream about spending collecting things ... to map out the world," Mr Parker said.
"So you want to have key items."
The auction of nearly 5,000 lots is open until Thursday and is valued at $6.5 million.
Topics: world-war-1, history, sydney-2000
First posted
At least one senior Royal Canadian Air Force officer is under investigation by the military police unit that probes major crimes for alleged negligence relating to a deadly helicopter crash six years ago in Afghanistan.
CBC News has confirmed that the Canadian Forces National Investigation Service is looking into allegations of negligence related to an incident on July 6, 2009, when a CH-146 Griffon crashed with six people on board.
All survived the impact, but three soldiers — including two Canadians, Master Cpl. Patrice Audet, 38, and Cpl. Martin Joannette, 25, and British Capt. Ben Babington-Browne, 27 — died after being unable to escape the flaming wreckage.
"This investigation is ongoing and no further information can be provided at this time," a military police spokesperson said in an email.
Heavily redacted report
Initially the crash was blamed on "pilot technique" and sandy ground conditions.
Those conclusions were based on a heavily redacted board of inquiry report released two years after the crash.
CBC News has since obtained a less-redacted version, along with the flight safety investigation report.
According to both reports, there are at least two underlying issues — the flight crew had too little training and the helicopter carried too much weight.
The crash involved a CH-146 Griffon helicopter. (Canadian Forces)
On July 6, 2009, the Griffon took off from a sandy area. The down force of the spinning blades created a "dust ball," which reduced the pilot's visibility.
Dust ball training is mandatory for all flight crews, who usually did exercises before and during their deployment to Afghanistan.
However, "the vast majority of the [Canada Helicopter Force, Afghanistan] aircrew only received the theory portion of the dust ball training," the board of inquiry report said.
Some pilots only got to watch the manoeuvre, not attempt it.
In this specific case, prior to his deployment "the [pilot] only observed a demonstration of the landing technique rather than practised dust ball landings himself," the flight safety report said. "Additionally, the [pilot] did not observe or complete any dust ball takeoff techniques."
Put simply, the pilot blamed for crashing the helicopter was allegedly sent to Afghanistan lacking the training to take off and land in sand.
Griffon weight limits modified
The original weight limit for the Griffon helicopter in Afghanistan was between 10,300 and 10,700 pounds.
But senior officials thought the weight cap would limit operations.
The weight cap "would significantly impair the ability of the unit to fulfil the entire spectrum of operations in support of the Joint Task Force," the board of inquiry report heard from military commanders.
So they changed the flight manual.
"The modified operating limitations in Section 1 of the flight manual restricted the Griffon to between 11,750 and 11,900 lb.," the board of inquiry report said.
Weight limit 'unknowingly' tested
Helicopter payload calculations are complex.
If a helicopter is close to the ground, it needs less power. The air its rotor forces downward bounces off the ground and creates a type of cushion.
To rise above that cushion and maintain altitude, more power is needed. A helicopter loaded to its maximum weight might be able to take off, but would have difficulty climbing above a certain height.
These two height zones are called "in ground effect" or "out of ground effect."
"In Ground Effect" vs. "Out of Ground Effect" <a href="https://t.co/uavGXY8C9H">pic.twitter.com/uavGXY8C9H</a> —@Brett_CBC
That height as well as the weight and power calculations change with air temperature and altitude above sea level.
Investigators compared the Griffon's payload to all possible weight limits.
The board of inquiry report found it exceeded those limits "by between 1,020 lb. to 1,320 lb." The flight safety report found it may have been as much as 1,720 lb. overweight.
"The Griffon flight [crew] was unknowingly flight testing the performance information found in the flight manual," the board of inquiry report found.
"The crew attempted to conduct a takeoff not knowing that the aircraft had an insufficient margin to remain within engine limitations," the flight safety found.
New allegations prompt investigation
These report observations went largely unnoticed for years.
But recently, a former Royal Canadian Air Force flight instructor began raising concerns about the incident.
"As a former helicopter pilot, I was stunned by what I read," said retired captain Anthony Snieder.
Snieder said he began looking into the crash after noticing safety violations in Moose Jaw in 2012. He was stationed at 15 Wing Moose Jaw teaching air force pilots.
He looked back at previous incidents and found issues with the Griffon crash.
Retired Capt. Anthony Snieder (Facebook)
"We have limitations for how to operate the aircraft, and they were intentionally violating aircraft limitations," he said.
As a result of voicing his concerns, Snieder said, he was reassigned to an office position and publicly discredited. He filed a harassment claim with the military, but it was dismissed. At that time Snieder asked to be released from the military.
Snieder has since applied to Federal Court for a judicial review of the dismissal of his harassment claim.
Amid his court battle, Snieder contacted the military police.
"If you do any act that could likely cause the destruction of an aircraft, it's against the law and you go to jail for it," Snieder said.
The Canadian Forces National Investigation Service is a unit with the military police that independently investigates serious and sensitive matters. Their jurisdiction covers Department of National Defence (DND) property, DND employees and Canadian Forces personnel serving around the world.
An official tells CBC News that "in all cases, investigations are conducted to determine the facts, analyze the evidence, and if warranted, lay appropriate charges."
Cleveland (CNN) Social conservatives won early victories in the debate on the Republican Party platform as delegates gathered here for their first full day of meetings before next week's Republican National Convention, fighting back efforts to moderate on LGBT issues -- including the use of restrooms for transgender people -- and strengthening party provisions opposing abortion rights.
The debate over social issues carries extra weight this year, as conservatives and evangelical voters look to ensure the platform still reflects Republican orthodoxy despite the presumptive nomination of Donald Trump, who has more moderate views on abortion rights, for instance, than the 2012 platform.
The sometimes heated debate came to an emotional head late Monday evening as D.C. delegate Rachel Hoff came out as the first openly gay member of the Republican Convention Platform Committee -- her voice catching as she pleaded with her colleagues to adopt a platform more welcoming of LGBT Americans.
She received only polite applause for her proposal, and the committee quickly moved to vote against her amendment. Asking for a recorded vote instead of the customary voice vote, a handful of delegates raised their hands to support Hoff, while the overwhelming majority rejected her amendment.
Monday morning started with a debate about transgender Americans' use of public restrooms.
The original draft of the 2016 GOP platform, obtained by CNN, included a passage about Title IX that chastises the White House for federal guidance instructing public facilities like schools to accommodate transgender individuals.
"That same (Title IX) provision of law is now being used by bureaucrats -- and by the current president of the United States -- to impose a social and cultural revolution upon the American people," the draft reads. "Their edict to the States concerning restrooms, locker rooms and other facilities is at once illegal, ominous, and ignores privacy issues. We salute the several States which have filed suit against it."
At Monday's early platform meetings, a subcommittee changed the word "ominous" to "dangerous."
Though the subcommittee added a line at the end stating: "We support and encourage the common sense of protecting public safety and personal privacy by limiting access to restrooms, locker rooms," and other facilities, in the morning session, they rolled back that addition in the evening without much objection, leaving the rest of the anti-administration language intact.
Annie Dickerson, a delegate from New York, gave multiple impassioned pleas to her colleagues to consider taking positions that would welcome LGBT Republicans into the fold, proposing an amendment that was defeated to strike the language on bathrooms entirely.
"To those of us who have gay family members, our brothers, our sisters, our neighbors, they are our friends ... I think it only hurts us, it shrinks our tent," Dickerson said.
She had some support in that effort from Kentucky delegate and state Sen. Julie Adams and Tennessee delegate Connie Hunter, who both warned of "overkill."
"This is .001%, (of the population) yet we're elevating this to a national issue, it's kind of mind-boggling to me that we would elevate it to this extent," Adams said. "I believe that the Republican Party is a big tent. I believe that we're open to everybody, and I think that this is overkill."
But led by strong support from delegates including Louisiana delegate and Family Research Council's Tony Perkins, as well as West Virginia's Melody Potter and North Carolina's Mary Forrester, the language passed easily.
The position counters that of presumptive nominee Trump himself, who has expressed more moderate positions on social issues throughout the campaign. He said he had no objection to celebrity Caitlyn Jenner, who was born male, using the women's restroom at Trump Tower, and has expressed support for exceptions to anti-abortion language for instances like life of the mother or rape or incest.
Perkins, a Louisiana delegate who served on the subcommittee, said there was no problem with Trump being sometimes at odds with the platform passed by the committee.
"He's going to be the nominee for the party," Perkins said. "He has his own ideas, but this is a statement of not Donald Trump's campaign but of the Republican Party."
Delegates also passed several provisions strengthening the party's position on opposing abortion rights, approving a call to strip funding from providers found to violate state or federal law and another supporting putting the Hyde Amendment, a legal provision barring the use of federal funds for abortion, into the form of a full statute.
The committee also added language supporting so-called religious freedom laws, which protect businesses that refuse services to individuals (like same-sex couples getting married) on the basis of religious objections. It is also numerous times preserved language about the importance of families with "a married mom and dad."
But the committee also did not touch on one departure from the platform since 2004, which had called for a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage. The draft presented to delegates opted instead to call for judicial reconsideration of gay marriage decisions and for a constitutional amendment leaving marriage to the states.
Perkins also won a bid to add the word "therapy" to the platform, making it read "we support the right of parents to determine the proper medical treatment or therapy for their minor children."
That was read as a move to allow conversion therapy, a controversial practice that attempts to convert youths away from being gay, that has been banned by some state and local governments.
"It's what it says, it's whatever therapy that a parent wants to get for a minor child," Perkins said when asked about the change. "There are states that are trying to restrict what parents can do for loving their children. Parents have a better idea I think than legislators or government bureaucrats."
Dickerson did score one win -- opposing an amendment that would have encouraged children to be in their "biological" homes. Dickerson mentioned she had adopted children, and others in the room agreed. "Hell no!" exclaimed one delegate at the table as the crosstalk heated up.
Perkins also said he was happy with the platform, including the provision on same-sex marriage.
"There's still language in there discussing a constitutional amendment, but I think this document is where does the Republican Party go in the next four years, and I think that's part of where we are and it's what this platform addresses," Perkins said.
Medical marijuana debate
In another victory for social conservatives but a sign that the party has delegates pushing for more moderation, the full Platform Committee held a lengthy debate on a proposal from a Maine delegate to make medical cannabis legal.
"All of the mass killings that have taken place, they're young boys from divorced families and they're all smoking pot," one delegate said.
"We're not talking about Cheech and Chong being encouraged here, we're talking specifically about people with debilitating conditions," another fired back.
In a contested vote, the amendment ultimately failed. A handful of delegates who spoke up made the case that while medical marijuana may be promising, the GOP platform was not the place for such a major policy change.
Once the subcommittee completes its work, the full 112-member Platform Committee will discuss the draft and will vote, sending that version to the full floor for consideration.
The Steam Hardware & Software Survey as of September 2013 shows that 68% of users' CPU support SSE4.1, leaving 32% still using SSE3 or less. It also shows that 99.7% of users' CPU support SSE3. So what this tells me is that SSE3 is where it's at, if you want your game to run on most CPUs, you won't be able to use SSE 4.1 intrinsic functions.
Problem is, SSE4.1 is awesome. It's awesome for many reasons but let's focus on one of them: _mm_round_ps(). You can use this intrinsic, which yield a single ‘roundps‘ instruction, for computing math Floor, Ceil and – as its name suggest – Round.
Well this is great and all but what can we do using non-SSE4.1 instructions? You can always use the standard C math.h floor(), ceil() and your own flavor of round() but if you want to do some intensive and fast vector math in your game, SSE is your savior. If you do a search on Google, something like ‘sse floor', you'll probably get a lot of wrong algorithms. Most of them won't work for negative integer values, flooring -10 to -11 for instance. So I took some time to figure out an algorithm using only SSE3 instructions.
inline __m128 _mm_floor_ps2(const __m128& x){ __m128i v0 = _mm_setzero_si128(); __m128i v1 = _mm_cmpeq_epi32(v0,v0); __m128i ji = _mm_srli_epi32( v1, 25); __m128 j = *(__m128*)&_mm_slli_epi32( ji, 23); //create vector 1.0f __m128i i = _mm_cvttps_epi32(x); __m128 fi = _mm_cvtepi32_ps(i); __m128 igx = _mm_cmpgt_ps(fi, x); j = _mm_and_ps(igx, j); return _mm_sub_ps(fi, j); } inline __m128 _mm_ceil_ps2(const __m128& x){ __m128i v0 = _mm_setzero_si128(); __m128i v1 = _mm_cmpeq_epi32(v0,v0); __m128i ji = _mm_srli_epi32( v1, 25); __m128 j = *(__m128*)&_mm_slli_epi32( ji, 23); //create vector 1.0f __m128i i = _mm_cvttps_epi32(x); __m128 fi = _mm_cvtepi32_ps(i); __m128 igx = _mm_cmplt_ps(fi, x); j = _mm_and_ps(igx, j); return _mm_add_ps(fi, j); } inline __m128 _mm_round_ps2(const __m128& a){ __m128 v0 = _mm_setzero_ps(); //generate the highest value < 2 __m128 v1 = _mm_cmpeq_ps(v0,v0); __m128 vNearest2 = *(__m128*)&_mm_srli_epi32( *(__m128i*)&v1, 2); __m128i i = _mm_cvttps_epi32(a); __m128 aTrunc = _mm_cvtepi32_ps(i); // truncate a __m128 rmd = _mm_sub_ps(a, aTrunc); // get remainder __m128 rmd2 = _mm_mul_ps( rmd, vNearest2); // mul remainder by near 2 will yield the needed offset __m128i rmd2i = _mm_cvttps_epi32(rmd2); // after being truncated of course __m128 rmd2Trunc = _mm_cvtepi32_ps(rmd2i); __m128 r =_mm_add_ps(aTrunc, rmd2Trunc); return r; }
Edit: Special thanks to obyzouth, he worked out better SSE code for floor and ceil functions. 🙂 It does not handle the NaNs and Infinite but those don't have to be handled, they have to be eradicated. A good NaN is a non-existent NaN. You should use functions that handle them in your debug build though.
As you can see I use a conversion to int and back to float to round the value. This will not work for values that cannot be represented by an int. If you need these function to handle this kind of values you might have to reconsider using float to begin with as it loses quite a lot of precision in these ranges. But for the sake of absolute safety, here's what you can do:
template< __m128 (FuncT)(const __m128&) > inline __m128 _mm_safeInt_ps(const __m128& a){ __m128 v8388608 = *(__m128*)&_mm_set1_epi32(0x4b000000); //vector with value 8388608 __m128 aAbs = _mm_and_ps(a, *(__m128*)&_mm_set1_epi32(0x7fffffff)); //Abs(a) __m128 aMask = _mm_cmpgt_ps(aAbs, v8388608); //if Abs(a) > 8388608 // select a if greater then 8388608.0f, otherwise select the result of FuncT __m128 r = _mm_xor_ps( _mm_and_ps(aMask, a), _mm_andnot_ps(aMask, FuncT(a)) ); return r; } ... //then call your functions like so: _mm_safeInt_ps<_mm_floor_ps2>( ... ); _mm_safeInt_ps<_mm_ceil_ps2 >( ... ); _mm_safeInt_ps<_mm_round_ps2>( ... );
8388608 is the lowest float value that cannot have decimals because of imprecision increasing with the value. So floor()/ceil()/round() will return the same value it receives for number greater or equal to that.
Bonus! Vector equivalent of fmod() :
inline __m128 _mm_mod_ps2(const __m128& a, const __m128& aDiv){ __m128 c = _mm_div_ps(a,aDiv); __m128i i = _mm_cvttps_epi32(c); __m128 cTrunc = _mm_cvtepi32_ps(i); __m128 base = _mm_mul_ps(cTrunc, aDiv); __m128 r = _mm_sub_ps(a, base); return r; }
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Google
LinkedIn
Tumblr
StumbleUpon
Email
Digg
Alexander Downer said there was too much 'gloom' about the prospects of Britain and the EU striking a deal
Britain should be more positive about life outside the European Union, Australia's high commissioner to the UK said today.
Alexander Downer said there was too much 'gloom' about the prospects of striking a deal and Britain could be 'cautiously optimistic'.
Mr Downer pointed to Australia's policies when Commonwealth preferential trade agreements were ended as a template for how the UK could thrive.
He told BBC Radio 4's Today programme: 'I think you are a bit gloomy.
'Of course this is a big transition that you're going through and there's much contention about the negotiations, which are negotiations.
'But our experience of major changes like this, and we had such a major change as the Commonwealth preference system was phased out and eventually Britain joined the European Union in 1973, that you are going to succeed depending on what policies you pursue subsequently.'
He said it was possible for the UK to conclude a successful negotiation with the EU.
'You have a motive to conclude a successful negotiation, so does the EU, so prima facie you have some basis for being cautiously optimistic that an agreement ultimately can be reached,' Mr Downer said.
'It'll involve compromises though, so both sides won't get exactly what they want.'
The high commissioner also said Australia's experience showed it was possible to do new trade deals without accepting free of movement of people.
He added: 'As outsiders we're very anxious that both the EU and you do reach an agreement.
'Not just the UK of course, the onus is on the EU as well to make sure you don't erect barriers.
George Osborne, pictured enjoying a post of tennis at Wimbledon last month, was accused of being too pessimistic about Brexit by his former chief of staff
Rupert Harrison, george osborne's former chief of staff, said the former Chancellor is being too gloomy over Brexit
'But secondly, it seems to us from our own experience that if you in addition, not instead of, but in addition, to that go out and negotiate trade arrangements with other parts of the world, you can make your approach more global and less regional than it might otherwise be.'
The comments came after George Osborne came under fire from a former senior aide for his pessimism about Brexit.
Rupert Harrison - who was nicknamed ‘the real Chancellor' during his five years in the Treasury - dismissed the ‘fashionable view' that the government had displayed a ‘lack of strategy'.
He warned the ‘main uncertainty' about the success of Brexit was not talks with Brussels but MPs and ‘angry' peers in Parliament.
Mr Harrison also said it was a ‘non-starter' for the UK to leave the EU but try to stay in the single market – a key demand of ardent remainers.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Donations from over 45 countries helped cover the costs of Kabang's treatment
A dog that lost half her face saving two girls from an oncoming motorcycle has returned to the Philippines after eight months of treatment in the US.
The mixed-breed dog, Kabang, lost her snout and upper jaw in the incident in December 2011.
Kabang attracted worldwide support because of her injuries, with donations from the Philippines and abroad covering her $27,000 treatment costs.
A parade is planned in Kabang's honour in Zamboanga City on Sunday.
The hero dog jumped into the path of a motorcycle, stopping it from hitting her owner's daughter and niece in the southern city two years ago.
The accident left a gaping hole in the two-year old dog's face.
Kabang's heroic tale prompted an outpouring of sympathy, with fundraising campaigns set up on Facebook and Twitter.
Veterinary surgeon Anton Lim, who accompanied the dog to the US, said they received donations from 45 countries, covering the full cost of treatment.
"This is the first time in the history of the Philippines that we've seen such support for a dog," said Ed Unson, another Filipino vet and one of Kabang's handlers.
Doctors at the University of California operated on Kabang's wounds, and treated her for a tumour and heartworm.
While they could not reconstruct the dog's jaw or snout, they took skin grafts from her cheeks, neck and forehead to cover up sensitive areas exposed on her face, University of California Professor Frank Verstraete explained.
Despite the disfigurement, Kabang can still chew her food using her two remaining molars, and smell well enough to recognise her owner and handlers, Mr Lim told reporters on Saturday.
The dog was greeted by a crowd of well-wishers at Manila airport and later reunited with her owner, Rudy Bunggal, in Zamboanga.
DSRC (Dedicated Short-Range Communications) is a wireless communication technology that enables vehicles to communicate with each other and other road users directly, without involving cellular or other infrastructure. Each vehicle sends 10 times per second its location, heading and speed in a secure and anonymous manner. All surrounding vehicles receive the message, and each estimates the risk imposed by the transmitting vehicle. Risks are defined as “safety applications” such as Left Turn Assistance (LTA), Intersection Movement Assistance (IMA) and many others.
DSRC was designed for maximal cybersecurity. The receiving vehicle validates the authenticity of the received messages. The messages aren't linkable to the vehicle, don't expose its identity and therefore don't violate the driver privacy.
A dedicated spectrum of 75MHz in the 5.9 GHz band, was allocated for Intelligent Transportations Systems (ITS), specifically for DSRC technology.
DSRC technology has been standardized, implemented and thoroughly tested for V2X applications for more than a decade. Products are ready, and a large DSRC ecosystem providers a full suite of interoperable solutions.
Key advantage of DSRC is to “see around corners” (Non-Line-Of-Sight) as no other sensor is able to. It is optimized for high mobility even in presence of obstructions, handling fast-changing environment at speeds as high as 500 km/h. It has been shown a range over 1km is routinely achievable.
DSRC provides a key foundation for V2V and V2I safety by enabling connectivity between road users that have, until now, never been linked in large scale. DSRC can ensure a common interoperable safety standard for vehicles, regardless of size, make and model, to help avoid crashes, optimize traffic flow, and reduce congestion.
Learn more about DSRC and the differences between it and C-V2X!
Columbia University's president just announced that the school has committed $100 million to promoting a "diverse faculty."
In a recent email to students, a copy of which was obtained by Campus Reform, President Lee Bollinger announced that the school will spend “$100 million over the next five fiscal years” to increase the number of professors at the elite institution who are from backgrounds that “traditionally have been underrepresented” in academia. It is a fundamental premise of modern U.S. higher education, and it is most certainly true of Columbia University, that scholarship and teaching are strengthened immeasurably by having a diverse faculty and student body,” Bollinger asserted. “To turn this premise into reality, we have taken many steps, but none is more important than the commitment of financial resources to this end,” he wrote, adding that the school has already spent $85 million on increasing faculty diversity since 2005.
This is yet another example of leftists wasting money on something that is completely unnecessary. To American leftists, everything is about race and gender, so they feel that this money would be better spent towards diversity efforts rather than actually educating students and preparing them for the real world. Tuition at Columbia is a staggering $54,504 per year, and the school is using this money to fund politically correct efforts instead of getting students ready to enter the job market.
Efforts like this one are partly why college campuses all over the country have become "safe spaces" for liberal snowflake students who are coddled for their entire four years of school. Now that conservative voices have effectively been silenced on campuses, these liberal students are free to waltz through their four years of college living in a leftist bubble in which their views are never challenged. They are then stunned when they graduate and are thrown into the real world with few skills and no job prospects.
In the end, Columbia should be spending this $100 million on preparing their students for the real world, not wasting it on diversifying their faculty!
What do you think about this? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section.
A mess, but an opportunity for improvement
When a team bottoms out the way the Maple Leafs did, naturally there is going to be a lot of anger directed towards the team and its players. Next, factor in the manner in which the team failed to make the playoffs — giving up the most shots ever over an 82-game season and plummeting during to an eight-game losing streak in March, prior to which they were ninth place in the entire league. Then, have it all take place in the tempestuous Toronto hockey market. It goes without saying there is going to be a lot of noise and irrational things said.
It has been my contention over the last few weeks that there are more than a few good pieces in place and that this team isn't as bad as it seems on the whole. They still sorely lack a real horse at center and their defense needs work, to which I am not oblivious, but if we look at the rest of the Leafs roster and the pieces in place there are quite a few quality players here and even some nice tradable assets. Knowing that, there are some low-fruit-hanging options for management to pick that, if done correctly, will get them back to the playoffs for next season.
Over the next few weeks (because these pieces take a lot of time), I plan on exploring a few of them with the hope of:
Highlighting what should be relatively easy weaknesses to correct. Show that this team isn't nearly as far off as many appear to believe. Provide an offseason view/perspective on this team to keep in mind throughout the summer.
First up is the Leafs‘ depth problem.
When the Leafs made the playoffs in the shortened season, their 7-8-9 forwards according to total raw ice time alone (and excluding Lupul because he didn't play enough) were Jay McClement, Clarke MacArthur and Leo Komarov, with Matt Frattin just on the outside looking in (he, too, missed a lot of time).
The production the Leafs got from these players was, in retrospect, very underrated. Prorating what they posted over 82 games, this is the kind of production the Leafs received from their 7-8-9 forwards during the truncated 2012-13 season:
Forwards Goals Assists Points Jay McClement 14 15 29 Clarke MacArthur 16 25 41 Leo Komarov 8 10 18
Compare that to the 82-game prorated totals of the Leafs' 7-8-9 forwards in 2013-14:
Forwards Goals Assists Points Jay McClement 4 6 10 David Clarkson 7 8 15 Nikolai Kulemin 11 12 23
Having felt they lost depth last summer, I asked Scott Gordon about these issues in our summer interview series:
[quote_box_center]
AP: Upfront you added Bolland Clarkson, and subtracted Grabovski, MacArthur, Frattin and Komarov. Are you concerned about losing depth?
SG: Well I think with adding Bolland and Clarkson those two players are probably guys that are going to fit our style of play more consistently, with the exception of Komarov. Komarov was a guy we would have loved to have back but obviously he got a good deal in Russia and has to do what's best for him. But the style of play of Bolland and Clarkson play fits our team identity and we're excited about them.[/quote_box_center]
Of course, points don't tell the whole story. Originally, Raymond was supposed to be a third liner on the Leafs but Raymond stepped up and played well when Clarkson was suspended for the first 10 games. There was a legitimate hope that when Clarkson returned it would create the kind of depth good teams possess; Clarkson was supposed to be a top six forward and that would have pushed the productive Raymond down the line-up.
Alas, Clarkson was an unmitigated disaster. There's no other way to put it. He was leapfrogged by Raymond and in turn became a third liner on the team.
Beyond that, Dave Bolland got injured. Without question, he would have helped the Leafs if he was healthy all season, but depth isn't depth if it relies on one player.
Bozak was the top six forward that missed the most amount of hockey last season for the Leafs and he only missed 29% of the schedule. The season prior, by comparison, the Leafs top six forward that missed the most time was Joffrey Lupul, who was out for 67% of the year. If Lupul was healthy in 2013 that would have pushed Grabovski out of the top six for the season; he put up a 27 point pace in 2012-13, which would have made the Leafs depth scoring look even better on the whole. That's the kind of depth the Leafs had a season ago.
Beyond goals-assists-points, the Leafs' received depth contributions in other areas last season. Jay McClement was a big part of a successful PK, which this season got run over. When McClement was scoring at a good clip and killing penalties, it was justifiable to play him as much as they did; this past season, he did not help the PK nor score much and that significant drop off should have bumped him down the line-up. And yet, he remained a top 9 staple and it hurt their bottom line.
Leo Komarov was able to play a regular shift up and down the line-up, contribute a little offensively, and provide a physical spark. He was also a key contributor on the penalty kill and was able to draw penalties. Komarov was second on the team in penalties drawn in 2013 and drew six more penalties than he took that season. Comparably, Clarkson was fourth on the team in penalties drawn in 2013-14, but he took so many that he was actually a -10 in that category. Add that to the fact that Clarkson didn't contribute at all on any special team units and the Leafs clearly downgraded here last season, too.
To give you a look at how the Leafs 7-8-9 forwards compared league wide this past season, and without prorating point totals, I charted below the 7-8-9 forwards of every team in the league.
**Note: Raw total ice time was my main indicator of ranking forwards. Ultimately, line combinations and roles dictate how a player does in their ice time, but the total number of ice time is ultimately indicative of a player's contribution to a game and rank in their forward group. I generally tried to use at least a 40-game cut off to indicate a 7-8-9 forward. I didn't include deadline pick-ups who played 20 some odd games with a team, but would include them on their original team as a general indicator of what a team was using over the course of the majority of their season (Tuomo Ruutu is with Carolina, for example). I'm sure someone will argue me about one or two of these players, but some of these decisions were tough and I tried to use my best judgement at the end of the day.
Teams Players TOI Games Goals Assists Points Total PPG Anaheim Silfverberg 14:15 52 10 13 23 0.5 Selanne 14:07 64 9 18 27 Perrault 13:52 69 18 25 43 Boston Smith 14:42 82 20 31 51 0.55 Kelly 14:41 57 9 9 18 Soderberg 14:15 73 16 32 48 Buffalo Girgensons 15:18 70 8 14 22 0.28 Foligno 15:03 74 7 12 19 Leino 14:26 58 0 15 15 Calgary Jones 15:27 48 9 8 17 0.33 Galiardi 14:36 62 4 13 17 Colborne 14:16 80 10 18 28 Carolina Dwyer 14:39 75 8 14 22 0.31 Lindholm 14:31 58 9 12 21 Ruutu 14:14 57 5 11 16 Chicago Versteeg 14:06 63 10 19 29 0.36 Kruger 13:52 81 8 20 28 Handzus 13:38 59 4 12 16 Colorado Talbot 16:19 70 7 18 25 0.42 Mitchell 16:16 75 11 21 32 McGinn 15:46 79 19 19 38 Columbus Atkinson 15:47 79 21 19 40 0.44 Letestu 14:41 82 12 22 34 Jenner 14:04 72 16 13 29 Dallas Nichushkin 14:58 79 14 20 34 0.41 Whitney 13:57 69 9 23 32 Roussel 13:19 81 14 15 29 Detroit Bertuzzi 14:39 59 9 7 16 0.45 Sheahan 14:26 42 9 15 24 Tatar 14:21 73 19 20 39 Edmonton Gordon 14:21 74 8 13 21 0.35 Yakupov 14:18 63 11 13 24 Arcobello 15:04 41 4 14 18 Florida Kopecky 15:53 49 4 8 12 0.31 Huberdeau 15:39 69 9 19 28 Gomez 13:07 46 2 10 12 LA King 15:02 77 15 15 30 0.28 Lewis 13:15 73 6 5 11 Toffoli 12:57 62 12 17 29 Minnesota Cooke 15:24:00 82 10 18 28 0.38 Heatley 14:49:00 76 12 16 28 Neiderreiter 14:05:00 81 14 22 36 Montreal Galchenyuk 14:23:00 65 13 18 31 0.33 Bourque 14:11:00 63 9 7 16 Prust 12:49:00 52 6 7 13 Nashville Nystrom 14:51:00 79 15 6 21 0.3 Bourque 13:50:00 74 9 17 26 Gaustad 13:48:00 75 10 11 21 New Jersey Ryder 15:46:00 82 18 16 34 0.34 Brunner 13:32:00 60 11 14 25 Gionta 12:27:00 66 4 7 11 NYI Grabner 14:11:00 64 12 14 26 0.28 Cizikas 13:22:00 80 6 10 16 McDonald 12:23:00 70 8 10 18 NYR Hagelin 15:31:00 72 16 17 33 0.37 Pouliot 13:26:00 80 15 21 36 Boyle 12:45:00 82 6 12 18 Ottawa Zibanejad 14:19:00 69 16 17 33 0.29 Greening 13:44:00 76 6 11 17 Neil 11:48:00 76 8 6 14 Philadelphia Schenn 15:44:00 82 20 21 41 0.47 Lecalvier 15:11:00 69 20 17 37 Downie 13:32:00 51 3 14 17 Phoenix Korpikoski 16:04:00 64 9 16 25 0.31 Moss 14:39:00 79 8 14 22 Klinkhammer 11:22:00 72 11 9 20 Pittsburgh Adams 12:27:00 82 5 6 11 0.22 Gibbons 11:56:00 41 5 12 17 Glass 11:47:00 67 4 9 13 San Jose Nieto 14:04:00 66 10 14 24 0.35 Havlat 14:43:00 48 12 10 22 Kennedy 12:43:00 67 4 13 17 St. Louis Tarasenko 15:10:00 64 21 22 43 0.5 Roy 13:37:00 75 9 28 37 Morrow 11:54:00 71 13 12 25 Tampa Kucherov 13:06:00 52 9 9 18 0.27 Brown 13:02:00 63 4 15 19 Thompson 12:51:00 81 9 7 16 Toronto Kulemin 16:12 70 9 11 20 0.19 McClement 14:45 81 4 6 10 Clarkson 15:06 60 5 6 11 Vancouver Hansen 15:39:00 71 11 9 20 0.3 Richardson 14:54:00 73 11 12 23 Booth 13:28:00 66 9 10 19 Washington Grabovski 15:45:00 58 13 22 35 0.51 Chimera 15:25:00 82 15 27 42 Fehr 14:44:00 73 13 18 31 Winnipeg Scheifele 16:21:00 63 13 21 34 0.39 Setogouchi 15:03:00 75 11 16 27 Halischuk 11:20:00 46 5 5 10
By my calculations, the Leafs had the lowest PPG in the league between their 7-8-9 forwards. The combined 41 points they contributed was beat by single individuals on good teams and, by this study, the Leafs had depth worse than that of the lottery teams they ultimately finished in the standings surrounded by.
To put it into perspective, the Sabres had a combined 202 games from their regular 7-8-9 forwards and they combined for 15 goals. The Leafs had a combined 211 games and netted 18 goals. One of those Sabres three forwards, Ville Leino, didn't score a goal all season.
Circling back to the Scott Gordon interview from the summer, Gordon also stated:
[quote_box_center]SG: Yeah. The makeup of the team is a little bit different. Last year we had what would probably be considered three lines of scoring, maybe not as much depth on each line as far as scoring numbers. Whereas this year our top six is all guys who have had pretty good track records of scoring goals so hopefully that has the same effect as it did last year.[/quote_box_center]
In the summer, the Leafs sacrificed offense in an attempt to get better defensively. The problem was, with Bolland out, they not only didn't get better defensively, they got worse offensively, too.
I highlighted how the Leafs roster construction is flawed in an end-of-year Notebook. Their top two lines can't play defense, and their 7-8-9 forwards aren't nearly good enough defensively to handle the tough minutes. As much as this is an indictment on the 7-8-9 forwards, it should also serve notice of how a team badly needs to receive good two-way play out of at least one of their top two lines to make life easier on the depth forwards when trying to work the match-up game.
This, of course, speaks nothing of what the Leafs were doing with their fourth line.
Three players played over 15 games in a fourth line role and did not contribute a single point (54 games for Orr, 27 for McLaren, 18 for Smithson). D'Amigo and Ashton combined for 54 games and 4 points. Holland (11 in 43), Bodie (10 in 47) and Smith (9 in 27) were at least reasonable contributors. To say nothing of the 12 in 23 Bolland gave the Leafs in his limited time here.
Looking at the Leafs through this prism really confirms what was pretty evident all season: They lived and died by their top forwards, and if they didn't score the Leafs weren't going to win. By that token, some of the criticism the top players are receiving is unfair when they definitely played too many minutes and had pretty well the worst support cast in the entire league (no depth scoring, no help on the PK, weren't good defensively).
With the entire bottom six open for change and new additions, the Leafs have a big opportunity to remake the bottom of their line-up with players that either contribute offensively, defensively, or hopefully even both. Last year, they weren't getting that from pretty well anyone in the bottom of their line-up and as the season wore on the top players were continuously gassed before they finally crumbled with nothing left to give.
The Leafs aren't a bottom six away from contending –- still a need a top six 6 C and a top 4 D — but when we look at the scope of what they got from their bottom lines compared to the rest of the league it really paints a picture of how bad their bottom six was in 2013-14, and how making some smart, cheap signings to properly fill out their roster could really elevate this team.
In fact, this will be a nice segue into the second piece of low-hanging fruit on the tree of improvement: The Marlies.
A spokesperson from the agency wants viewers to know that the Dimension Films project is a work of fiction.
While NASA will often work with filmmakers who are showcasing space or the moon on a film, the agency is backing away from Dimension Films' Apollo 18.
The science fiction horror film, which opens in theaters Friday, makes the claim that the Apollo 18 mission, which was officially canceled, actually did go to the moon, but never returned.
FILM REVIEW: 'Apollo 18'
The Dimension Films project is shot in a documentary-style, and NASA does not want the public to get confused.
"Apollo 18 is not a documentary," Bert Ulrich, NASA's liaison for multimedia, film and television collaborations, told the Los Angeles Times. "The film is a work of fiction, and we always knew that. We were minimally involved with this picture. We never even saw a rough cut.”
STORY: 'Apollo 18' Touches Down for Vancouver Shoot
The opening of the trailer for Apollo 18, directed by Gonzalo Lopez-Gallego, has text on the screen that reads, “In 1972, the United States sent two astronauts on a secret mission to the moon. Despite decades of denial by NASA and the Department of Defense, classified footage of the mission was leaked to the media." The film portrays all of the video to be unearthed footage from the actual mission.
“The idea of portraying the Apollo 18 mission as authentic is simply a marketing ploy. Perhaps a bit of a 'Blair Witch Project' strategy to generate hype,” said Ulrich.
VIDEO: 'Apollo 18': See the Mysterious New Trailer
NASA retired its space shuttle program in July, but realizes the importance of keeping the public's interest in space, which can often be helped through films. Last year, the agency assisted with 100 documentaries, and 16 feature films.
You can almost hear the announcer for the movie trailer;
“In a world stricken by financial crisis, a country plagued by spiraling deficits and cities on the verge of collapse – a war is being waged; gauntlet's thrown down and at the heart of it all; two dead white guys battling over the fate of the economy.”
While I am not so sure it would actually make a great movie to watch – it is the ongoing saga we will continue to witness unfold over the next decade. While the video below is entertaining, it does lay out the key differences between Keynesian and Austrian economic theories.
Just last week, the Federal Reserve released a report which forms the basis of the semi-annual testimony will give to Congress this week. There was much in this report which suggests the models the Federal Reserve continues to use are at best flawed and, at worst, broken.
For decades, ivory tower economists have heaped high praise on Keynesian policies as they have encouraged Governments to drive deeper into debt with the expectation of reviving economic growth.
The problem is – it hasn't worked.
Here's proof. Following the financial crisis, the Government and the Federal Reserve decided it was prudent to inject more than $33 Trillion in debt-laden injections into the economy believing such would stimulate an economic resurgence. Here is a listing of all the programs.
List of government programs
Unfortunately, the results have been disappointing at best, considering it took almost $17 Billion for every $1 of cumulative economic growth.
Government Interventions Vs Cumulative Economic Growth
Keynes contended that “a general glut would occur when aggregate demand for goods was insufficient, leading to an economic downturn resulting in losses of potential output due to unnecessarily high unemployment, which results from the defensive (or reactive) decisions of the producers.” In other words, when there is a lack of demand from consumers due to high unemployment then the contraction in demand would, therefore, force producers to take defensive, or react, actions to reduce output.
In such a situation, Keynesian economics states that government policies could be used to increase aggregate demand, thus increasing economic activity and reducing unemployment and deflation. Investment by government injects income, which results in more spending in the general economy, which in turn stimulates more production and investment involving still more income and spending and so forth. The initial stimulation starts a cascade of events, whose total increase in economic activity is a multiple of the original investment.
Unfortunately, as shown below, monetary interventions and the Keynesian economic theory of deficit spending has failed to produce a rising trend of economic growth.
Bigger Deficits Didn't Foster Economic Growth
What changed?
The Breaking Point & The Death Of Keynes
Take a look at the chart above. Beginning in the 1950's, and continuing through the late 1970's, interest rates were in a generally rising trend along with economic growth. Consequently, despite recessions, budget deficits were non-existent allowing for the productive use of capital. When the economy went through its natural and inevitable slowdowns, or recessions, the Federal Reserve could lower interest rates which in turn would incentivize producers to borrow at cheaper rates, refinance activities, etc. which spurred production and ultimately hiring and consumption.
However, beginning in 1980 the trend changed with what I have called the “Breaking Point.” It's hard to identify the exact culprit which ranged from the Reagan Administration's launch into massive deficit spending, deregulation, exportation of manufacturing, a shift to a serviced based economy, or a myriad of other possibilities or even a combination of all of them. Whatever the specific reason; the policies that have been followed since the “breaking point” have continued to work at odds with the “American Dream,” and economic models.
As the banking system was deregulated, the financial system was unleashed upon the unsuspecting American public. As interest rates fell, the average American discovered the world of financial engineering, easy money, and the wealth creation ability through the use of leverage. However, what we didn't realize then, and are slowly coming to grips with today, is that financial engineering has a very negative side effect – it deteriorated our economic prosperity.
Debt Used To Maintain Standard Of Living
Furthermore, this also explains why the dependency on social welfare programs is at the highest level in history.
Social Benefits As % Of Real Disposable Income
As the use of leverage crept through the system, it slowly chipped away at savings and productive investment. Without savings, consumers can't consume, producers can't produce and the economy grinds to a halt.
Regardless of the specific cause, each interest rate reduction that was used from that point forward to stimulate economic growth did, in fact, lead to a recovery in the economy; just not at levels as strong as they were in the previous cycle. Therefore, each cycle led to lower interest rates and economic growth slowed and as a result of consumers and producers turning to credit and savings to finance the shortfall which in turn led to lower productive investment. It was like an undetectable cancer slowing building in the system.
The “Breaking Point” in 1980 was the beginning of the end of the Keynesian economic model.
Hayek Might Have It Right
The proponents of Austrian economics believe that a sustained period of low interest rates and excessive credit creation results in a volatile and unstable imbalance between saving and investment. In other words, low interest rates tend to stimulate borrowing from the banking system which in turn leads, as one would expect, to the expansion of credit. This expansion of credit then, in turn, creates an expansion of the supply of money.
Therefore, as one would ultimately expect, the credit-sourced boom becomes unsustainable as artificially stimulated borrowing seeks out diminishing investment opportunities. Finally, the credit-sourced boom results in widespread malinvestments. When the exponential credit creation can no longer be sustained a “credit contraction” occurs which ultimately shrinks the money supply and the markets finally “clear” which then causes resources to be reallocated back towards more efficient uses.
Unfortunately, as is clearly shown in both charts above, this has hardly been the case.
Time To Wake Up
For the last 30 years, each Administration, along with the Federal Reserve, have continued to operate under Keynesian monetary and fiscal policies believing the model worked. The reality, however, has been most of the aggregate growth in the economy has been financed by deficit spending, credit expansion and a reduction in savings. In turn, this reduced productive investment in the economy and the output of the economy slowed. As the economy slowed and wages fell the consumer was forced to take on more leverage which also decreased savings. As a result of the increased leverage more of their income was needed to service the debt.
Secondly, most of the government spending programs redistribute income from workers to the unemployed. This, Keynesians argue, increases the welfare of much hurt by the recession. What their models ignore, however, is the reduced productivity that follows a shift of resources toward redistribution and away from productive investment.
All of these issues have weighed on the overall prosperity of the economy. What is most telling is the inability for the current economists, who maintain our monetary and fiscal policies, to realize the problem of trying to “cure a debt problem with more debt.”
This is why the policies that have been enacted previously have all failed, be it “cash for clunkers” to “Quantitative Easing”, because each intervention either dragged future consumption forward or stimulated asset markets. Dragging future consumption forward leaves a “void” in the future that has to be continually filled, and creating an artificial wealth effect decreases savings which could, and should have been, used for productive investment.
The Keynesian view that “more money in people's pockets” will drive up consumer spending, with a boost to GDP being the end result, has been clearly wrong. It hasn't happened in 30 years.
The Keynesian model died in 1980. It's time for those driving both monetary and fiscal policy to wake up and smell the burning of the . We are at war with ourselves and the games being played out by Washington to maintain the status quo is slowing creating the next crisis that won't be fixed with another monetary bailout.
Let me start by saying that it was difficult to create this list.
Think about it, I am trying to pick the best verses from the Bible about a particular topic.
Are there really best verses, or are there just those that have impacted us more than others?
I tend to think the latter.
So, this list is just that. These are the 5 Bible verses on money that, even as I just scratch the surface of understanding them, have revolutionized my financial life.
Each one of them has had a strong impact on many decisions in my life.
I hope you allow them to impact you as well and that they give you a better glimpse into what the bible says about money.
FREE PDF Download!
If you would like to download (and print off) the 5 verses about money to memorize, just click here for a free PDF download!
Click Here to get the Downloadable PDF!
1 Philippians 4:19
And my God will meet all your needs according to his glorious riches in Christ Jesus.
If you have lived much life at all, you are probably well aware that putting your trust in the economy, your employer, or your bank account is not a good idea. They are all fair-weather friends. They all can be helping you greatly one minute, and then the next everything has changed.
God, however, is always faithful. That is why we should always be trusting Him as our supply! It doesn't matter if there is a financial crisis, if you get laid off, or your 401k loses 37% overnight – God will still supply your needs. Just like He promised.
2 Malachi 3:10
“Bring the whole tithe into the storehouse, that there may be food in my house. Test me in this,” says the LORD Almighty, “and see if I will not throw open the floodgates of heaven and pour out so much blessing that you will not have room enough for it.”
It is a bold step of faith to start tithing. Cynics sometimes argue that tithing is not required in the New Testament. I actually agree, since our salvation is no longer based on works, but on faith in Jesus. But to be quite honest, as New Testament believers, 10% should just be a mile-marker on our giving journey. After all, God owns it all and no matter where we are as far as what we are giving, we should always be striving to give more. From my own personal tithing experience, I found that stepping out in Faith in this area and testing Him proved to be quite fruitful and yielded a pretty amazing testimony.
3 1 Timothy 6:10
For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil. Some people, eager for money, have wandered from the faith and pierced themselves with many griefs.
This verse is so often misquoted that it is almost laughable. Money is not evil. The love of it is. Having a million in your bank account doesn't mean that you love it. Having $5 in your account doesn't prove that you don't.
For example, Warren Buffett has billions in his accounts, but he is giving almost all of it away to benefit the lives of others. On the other hand, I have heard stories of people getting killed over a matter of $20. It is a matter of the heart that only God can judge.
4 Acts 20:35
In everything I did, I showed you that by this kind of hard work we must help the weak, remembering the words the Lord Jesus himself said: ‘It is more blessed to give than to receive.'
Giving sets us free, while hoarding entraps us (James 5:2). Giving changes the lives of others (John 3:16). Giving brings blessing back to us (Luke 6:38). Giving allows us to store up treasures in Heaven rather than here on the earth (Matthew 19:21). Giving really is fun – we need to be in on it.
5 Proverbs 22:7
The rich rule over the poor, and the borrower is servant to the lender.
The freedom of being debt free has always been so incredibly enticing to me that I have been willing to give up a whole lot in exchange for it. The last 3+ years, my wife and I have been diligently chopping away at it, passing up opportunities to spend as frivolously as some of our peers have done. Getting out of debt is not easy and often requires a fight, but the freedom that comes with it is so worth it.
5 Biblical Financial Principles Every Christian Should Know!
Watch this video on YouTube
Need more money bible verses?
There actually are thousands of mentions of money in the Bible. So, if you want to dive deep and dig into more scriptures about money check these out:
All verses from the NIV
The Maharashtra Government on Tuesday agreed to lower the age of attaining senior citizenship from 65 years to 60 years in order to bring it on par with the central government.
"The decision will come into effect from March 2016," Minister for Social Justice Rajkumar Badole announced in the state Legislative Assembly.
During a discussion on the calling attention motion brought by Congress legislator Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil and others, members cutting across party lines demanded that the state government should lower the age of citizenship to 60 years, on par with the Central Government.
"The government brought a Senior Citizen policy way back in 2013 and it has not been implemented in letter and spirit," the members complained.
BJP member Medha Kulkarni, Congress MLAs Varsha Gaikwad, Madhukar Chavan, Nabi Abdul Sattar and others insisted that there was a need for pensionable age being reduced from 65 years to 60 years on par with Central Government's Indira Gandhi Pension Scheme.
Sensing the mood of the entire House, Badole agreed to bring it on par with Centre the age to 60 years and said it would be implemented from March 2016. Vijay Wadettiwar of Congress demanded that elders, those staying in government-recognised shelter home for elders, are getting a meagre help of Rs 900 per month for their clothing, meals, bedding and medicine which was quite insufficient. He demanded that it should be raised to Rs 2,000 per month. Badole informed the House that there was a proposal to increase it to Rs 1,500 per month.
Ashish Shelar of BJP sought to know whether the government has intends to observe World Elder Abuse Awareness Day and when the State Council for Older Persons would be set up. Replying to that Badole said, "a decision regarding the Awareness day will be taken in three months and the Council will be set up within one month."
Kathmandu, Nepal - Refugees have organised sit-in protests in the Nepali capital demanding that UNHCR, the UN refugee agency, which provides for them, revokes its decision to cut monthly allowances starting next year.
For the past three weeks, in a rare protest in Kathmandu, over 100 refugees have gathered under a large canopy in front of the entrance to a UNHCR office.
Rohingya women have huddled together near the closed entrance, nursing their babies, alongside Sri Lankans and Hazaras.
All shared similar stories of fleeing war, ethnic cleansing and political and religious persecution.
"We don't have anywhere but the United Nations to turn to," Hassan Hassan, a 23-year-old Rohingya who fled Myanmar after the 2012 riots, told Al Jazeera.
"This is the only door we have, whether it's open or closed," he said, gesturing towards the locked entrance.
"People in Syria and other countries are dying from bullets. Are we going to die from hunger? How can we feed our family if the UNHCR doesn't support us?"
Hungry bellies were not their only concern. The protesters also faced a police crackdown.
Last Tuesday, state security forces beat up two Sri Lankan refugees while trying to clear the protesters, said Janaka Athukokarala, an ethnic Sinhala who fled his country during the war.
"Around 4pm that day, all UNHCR staff left the office," he said. "After some time, a group of policemen came and tried to move us away from the entrance. We said: 'We can't go unless our demands are met.'
"They abused us and beat up two Sri Lankans. One of them had his glasses broken."
The protesters are part of a growing number of so-called urban refugees in Nepal whose number, according to the UNHCR, has now reached 487.
Urban refugees seek asylum in urban areas and live in their own apartments, unlike other refugees who live in camps.
The biggest group are the 254 Ahmadiyyas, who follow a version of Islam banned in their home country, Pakistan.
RELATED: India's 'blockade' snuffs out Nepal's medical lifeline
The Rohingya, the second largest group, fled religious persecution in Myanmar in the summer of 2012, and number around 100.
However, the Nepali government, which is not a signatory to the 1951 UN convention on refugees, does not recognise them as refugees.
Under its law, urban refugees are considered illegal immigrants subjected to a daily fine of $6. Refugees seeking to resettle in Western countries incur a large fine when trying to leave.
Stipend-reduction plan
Last December, the UNHCR decided to reduce the monthly stipend of $50 by 25 percent.
It said that while it would stop the allowance from next year, it would continue to provide it to refugees with special needs, including ailing, women, elderly and children.
Deepesh Das Shrestha, UNHCR spokesperson, told Al Jazeera that his office was forced to cut allowances due to large-scale displacements in other parts of the world.
"With finite [and sometimes declining] resources, the UNHCR has had to rationalise what assistance it can provide to all refugees," said Shrestha.
"The urban refugees living in Kathmandu - those who have been here many years and ones arriving recently - have been kept informed of these developments."
The UNHCR was exploring alternative ways, including vocational training and income-generating activities, to support the refugees, Shrestha said.
Hassan, who is leading the protests in Kathmandu, said the powerful earthquakes earlier this year and border turmoil, which has caused a two-month long blockade, has led to overpricing and shortages of daily commodities.
"Prices of daily commodities have increased three times. Everything is in short supply. How can we survive with so little money?" he said.
The protests in Kathmandu have coincided with deadly strife in the country's southeastern plains.
Police killed at least three protesters over the weekend, angering the Madhesi people living along the border with India, who demand greater representation in the state institution and redrawing of federal boundaries.
So far, 50 people, including an Indian national and nine Nepali policemen, have been killed in clashes that began in August after the country's major parties agreed to deliver Nepal's first republican constitution.
Just Because: The BMW 700 Coupé Is A Small, Rear-Engined Gem
Story & Photography by Stephen Landau
When people think about a sporty BMW from the 1960s, most will have visions of the “Neue Klasse” 1800s, 2002s, and E9s. The little 700 is often overlooked. Fact is: none of those cars would exist if it wasn't for the 700.
As the '50s were coming to an end, so was BMW. Its economical Isetta wasn't keeping it afloat and the Mercedes-Benz 300 SL-fighting 507 sports car was too expensive to produce, nearly running the company into bankruptcy. This is where the 700 comes in. Debuting at the Frankfurt Auto Show in 1959, it created quite a buzz. The rear mounted, rear-wheel drive, air-cooled, boxer twin originally only had a little over 30 horsepower. The later LS Coupé was closer to 40.
It may not seem like much, but being one of the first production vehicles constructed using a unibody structure gave it a big advantage over similarly-sized cars. The unibody's reduced weight, well-tuned coil spring suspension, and modest engine quickly pushed the 700 into the hillclimb and rally racing success. There was now an affordable-yet-sporty BMW on the market—and sales boomed.
In 1964, BMW created the (blue) LS Coupé version pictured here. It was not as well-received, due to the longer wheelbase (borrowed from the “limousine” version) that, fused with the two-door coupe styling, made it an awkward-looking car. The strange angle of the rear window didn't sit well with consumers at the time, but looks just fine today.
Only 1,730 LS Coupés were built, and its rarity has made it the most desirable of the 700s—one recently sold at auction for more than $35,000. This particular 700 LS Coupé, however, won't be hitting the market anytime soon: it's BMW's, and can be seen at the BMW Museum in Munich, Germany.
BMW 700 LS Coupé Specifications
Production dates: 1964-1965
Production volume: 1,730
Engine type: 697-cc 2-cylinder Boxer
Layout: Rear engine, rear drive
Horsepower: 40 @ 5,700rpm
Top speed: 84mph
You can follow Stephen's work on his website and on Instagram.
Join the Conversation
Few people felt a need to get a personal computer until retail stores began selling them. Then everybody had to have one.
Are 3-D printers next?
New York-based MakerBot hopes to kick off the same kind of technology revolution by opening a retail store on Boston's Newbury Street, giving consumers a close look at machines that could prove just as disruptive as the personal computer — low-cost 3-D printers capable of cranking out made-to-order objects, from Christmas ornaments to auto parts.
Advertisement
“You can take the things that you imagine and make them real,” said MakerBot's cofounder and chief executive, Bre Pettis, at the Newbury Street store opening Thursday. “You can make something, and the only person in the world who has to want it is you.”
Wendy Maeda/Globe Staff The Newbury Street store is only MakerBot's second. The first one opened in Manhattan.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
A 3-D printer resembles an inkjet printer for creating documents. But instead of squirting out ink, its print head extrudes
tiny dots of plastic. Guided by computer software, the print head gradually builds up millions of these plastic bits, layer upon layer, into solid objects.
Engineers and manufacturers have used large, expensive 3-D printing machines for more than two decades. But MakerBot builds versions that are simple enough for use by ordinary tinkerers, and priced at around $2,200 — the cost of a high-end personal computer or a large-screen TV.
Boston is the second retail location for MakerBot, which last year opened a store in Manhattan. The New York City location not only sells the printers but also does custom print jobs, like a 3-D version of Staples or VistaPrint.
The Boston store will offer a print-to-order service sometime in the future, Pettis said.
Advertisement
A Boston location makes sense for MakerBot because so many of its machines already end up here.
“Boston is one of our core customer locations,” Pettis said. “We've shipped a lot of MakerBots to dorm rooms in Boston. They fit right on top of the mini fridge.”
The Boston area is already home to a host of 3-D printing ventures.
Formlabs, a Somerville-based spinoff of the Media Lab at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, plans to release a $3,300 3-D printer in February. Matter Labs in Cambridge makes software to let users design 3-D items inside a Web browser, and a Boston start-up called 3-Spark is developing a printer that will create objects with built-in electronic components.
The appeal of 3-D printers lies mainly in their ability to make practically anything.
Advertisement
PerkinElmer Inc., a scientific equipment company in Waltham, uses MakerBots to build prototypes of new devices. The company has also designed a software app for Apple Inc.'s iPad that allows the user to create and print a 3-D simulation of complex molecules.
Robin Smith, PerkinElmer's vice president of research and development for environmental health, said that having a physical copy of the molecule for, say, caffeine, makes it much easier to understand how it will interact with other chemicals.
“Molecules have very specific optical orientations,” Smith said. “It's very hard to see that when it's on a screen. But when it's in your hand, you can turn it.”
Wendy Maeda/Globe Staff A 3-D printer pumps out tiny dots of plastic to build up layer after layer as it follows a computerized template that is the blueprint for the object that's being produced.
Meanwhile, Leon McCarthy, a 12-year-old from Marblehead, showed off a prosthetic hand that lets him pick up commonplace objects and even play football. McCarthy was born without left-hand fingers. But his father, Paul McCarthy, learned about the Robohand project, in which a South African carpenter and a puppeteer in Bellingham, Wash., created software for a printable prosthetic hand. The Leons used a borrowed 3-D printer to make their own customized version.
Leon McCarthy said a traditional prosthetic would cost tens of thousands of dollars.
“The one you can make on the MakerBot 3-D printer is, like, $5,” he said.
When he recently broke the hand while catching a football, he simply printed replacement parts. And now McCarthy plans to customize it further, “making it more humanlike, making the knuckles rounder,” he said.
But Amy Machado, a printing industry analyst for IDC Corp. in Framingham, said it is unlikely that 3-D printing will enjoy anything like the popularity of personal computing.
“The hype cycle for 3-D printing is pretty high,” she said, but “you're not going to see consumers purchasing these things and making objects for their homes” because a trip to Target or Walmart is cheaper and easier.
Instead, she believes that 3-D printers will be popular with hobbyists and entrepreneurs who are looking for a cheap way to design and build their products.
And Machado said that while MakerBot won't make many sales to casual consumers at its retail stores, “it's great PR for them, absolutely. It definitely creates buzz.”
Correction: An earlier version of this story gave an incorrect location for MakerBot's New York City store. The store is in Manhattan.
Hiawatha Bray can be reached at bray@globe.com
It has officially been half a decade since the original iPhone was introduced on June 29, 2007. Not long. But technology years have become more and more like dog years—five human years is simply not a modest amount of time for a product like the iPhone to be on the market; it has become an eternity.
So it can be hard to remember that the iPhone's launch in 2007 permanently changed the smartphone. It left (and is currently leaving) its mark on the handset scene altogether; it kicked into gear a burgeoning mobile app industry that would be hard to live without today. And Apple now seems perpetually embroiled in countless patent suits with its competitors over what former Apple CEO Steve Jobs described as "a great theft" of Apple's designs.
The tech world has changed so much in those five years since 2007, yet Apple has largely stayed true to its original product vision. On this five-year anniversary of the iPhone's launch, let's take a look back at how the iPhone has evolved, as well as the evolution of the operating system that comes with it.
Original iPhone and iPhone OS 1.0: "We love the concept..."
It's clear to us that the iPhone wasn't meant, at the outset anyway, as a smartphone for smartphone people (who typically end up being business people). Instead, the iPhone was meant as a smartphone for everyone else: average people who, until now, had no reason or motivation to get a BlackBerry or something similar that may have been more difficult to use and had way too many features for the average phone user.
—Jacqui Cheng, Ars review, July 9, 2007
The original iPhone was a controversial device. The geek crowd was still emotionally attached to the late-1990s idea that Apple was on the verge of death. It was suspicious that Apple would create something that was more than a niche product that would only appeal to a tiny percentage of "Mac zealots." Companies like Nokia openly voiced skepticism that Apple could just jump into the handset market feet-first and be successful. Apple fans were more than excited, but it seemed that the world at large approached the idea of the iPhone with extreme caution.
But the company moved forward, and on June 29, 2007, it released its first foray into cellular mobile devices. The iPhone had a glossy glass screen and a matte metal back. It only worked on AT&T and was not subsidized. Users had to pay full price for the iPhone right from the beginning and still had to commit to a two-year contract. It worked on AT&T's EDGE network, as 3G was just becoming popular. Though a number of other phones already supported it, 3G networks (and corresponding devices) weren't quite at the same level of ubiquity as they are today. (For reference, T-Mobile had not even begun to roll out its 3G network yet).
The mobile landscape at the time looked something like this:
But Apple approached the concept of a smartphone a bit differently—so differently, in fact, that there was much debate about whether the iPhone even qualified as a "smartphone." Unlike most smartphones, the iPhone had only one button and no hardware keyboard. Its enterprise features were lacking—there was no Exchange support, and IT admins were extremely limited in their control over the device for business users. But Apple also made it easier for consumers to sync the iPhone with their computer in order to sync their music, e-mail accounts, photos, contacts, and more.
Evolution of the iPhone June 2007: Original iPhone and iPhone OS 1.0 debuts, touting a full-featured Web browser. No hardware keyboard and no third-party native apps. : Original iPhone and iPhone OS 1.0 debuts, touting a full-featured Web browser. No hardware keyboard and no third-party native apps. July 2008: iPhone 3G and iPhone OS 2.0 bring 3G speed, GPS capabilities, and (finally) developer access. June 2009: iPhone 3GS and iOS 3.0 are the first update without a major redesign. Increased speeds and iPhone OS becomes iOS. June 2010: iPhone 4 and iOS 4.0 come with "improved" antenna, "retina" display, and "multitasking." October 2011: iPhone 4S and iOS 5.0 are part of the first launch under Tim Cook. Siri is introduced in beta, revamped notifications come to iOS. October 2012 (?): "The new iPhone" (along with iOS 6) is rumored for the fall with any number of potential features.
One of the main features of the iPhone was its full-featured browser. The thing could actually visit normal webpages like those displayed on computers. This was practically unheard of—most handsets at the time largely made use of awkward mobile browsers that could only load awkward mobile websites, which themselves were rare. This was a major move on Apple's part.
And if you had to reformat your device, you could restore it completely from backup from your own computer. Outside of enterprise users (who mostly had BlackBerry devices), regular consumers weren't used to this kind of feature on their phones. (I was pretty happy to be able to successfully transfer a single MP3 to my RAZR over Bluetooth back then. And it was extremely common for friends to completely lose their entire contact lists on a regular basis. Remember those times when you'd text a friend and they'd respond, "Who is this? My contacts got deleted.")
But one thing that upset developers and consumers alike was that Apple wouldn't allow third parties to develop native applications for the device, which ran what was referred to as iPhone OS (version 1.0). Apple announced just before the iPhone's release that developers would be able to create capable Web apps using new Web technologies, so there was no need to create native applications. The developer world was not pleased with this news, but they went with it because...well, what other option was there? Apple later realized that this was a mistake, and would eventually change course on that decision.
iPhone 3G and iPhone OS 2.0: "Hitting the 3G-spot"
The clamor leading up to the introduction of the iPhone 3G was palpable. People had whipped themselves into a froth over the idea that the iPhone could finally gain 3G capabilities and see wireless data speeds so fast, their entire lives would be changed. Perhaps that expectation was a bit on the hyperbolic side, but the iPhone 3G's arrival brought the phone more in line with its higher-end competition. Customers were excited.
When Apple released the iPhone 3G, it also redesigned the phone. The back became a rounded, easily scratchable black plastic. The camera was mostly the same (save for a slightly larger lens and it being ever-so-slightly recessed), but hey, at least the speakers became better (and louder). Apple also added GPS capabilities to the iPhone for the first time.
More importantly, just months before the release of the iPhone 3G, Apple had given in to developers and announced a real iPhone SDK for producing native apps. (Ars exclusively reported in late 2007 that Apple still had no plans to release such a thing. This was later confirmed in 2011 by Walter Isaacson's biography of Steve Jobs, which said Jobs was adamantly against third-party apps until there was so much internal and external pressure that the company could no longer resist). The introduction of the App Store was a major step forward for both the iPhone itself and its platform—then, iPhone OS 2.0. The App Store made its formal debut alongside the launch of the iPhone 3G.
Mobile apps, on their most basic level, were not new at this point. But you would think they were, given how explosive the market became in a short period of time after the App Store's initial launch. Smartphone users weren't used to being able to go to a centralized "store" to find and download apps for their devices from a huge variety of companies. (Up until this point, smartphone manufacturers largely treated their platforms like computers, where users would have to locate and install third-party software on their own. And that software was rarely good—developers almost never had guidelines or high-quality SDKs to work with). Developers instantly recognized the value in offering native iPhone apps through the App Store even if they also offered mobile Web apps. Over time, the concept behind the App Store eventually made its way over to a plethora of other platforms.
The Guildford Four and the Maguire Seven were the collective names of two groups whose convictions in English courts in 1975 and 1976 for the Guildford pub bombings of 5 October 1974 were eventually quashed after long campaigns for justice. The Guildford Four were wrongly convicted of bombings carried out by the Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA), and the Maguire Seven were wrongly convicted of handling explosives found during the investigation into the bombings. Both groups' convictions were eventually declared "unsafe and unsatisfactory"[1] and reversed in 1989 and 1991 respectively after they had served up to 15–16 years in prison. Along with the Maguires and the Guildford Four, a number of other people faced charges against them relating to the bombings, six of them charged with murder, but these charges were dropped. [2] No one else was charged with the bombings, or supplying the material; three police officers were charged with conspiracy to pervert the course of justice, and found not guilty.
Guildford Four [ edit ]
The Guildford Four were charged with direct involvement with the IRA attacks. They were:
Defendant Age at
time of trial Convicted of Paul Michael Hill 21 Guildford pub bombings
Woolwich bombing
(separately) the murder of British soldier Brian Shaw, confessed to during the same questioning Gerard "Gerry" Conlon 21 Guildford pub bombings Patrick "Paddy" Armstrong 25 Guildford pub bombings
Woolwich bombing Carole Richardson 17 Guildford pub bombings
After their arrest, all four defendants confessed to the bombing under intense coercion by the police.[3] These statements were later retracted but remained the basis of the case against them. They would later be alleged to be the result of coercion by the police, ranging from intimidation to torture—including threats against family members—as well as the effects of drug withdrawal.[4] Conlon wrote in his autobiography that a key factor in his purportedly coerced confession was the fact that strengthened anti-terrorism laws passed in the early 1970s allowed the police to hold suspects without charges for up to a week, rather than the previous limit of 48 hours and that he might have been able to withstand the treatment he had received had the original time limit been in effect.[5]
The four were convicted on 22 October 1975 for murder and other charges and sentenced to life imprisonment – mandatory for adults convicted of murder.[6] Richardson, a minor at the time of the bombings, received an indeterminate "at Her Majesty's pleasure" sentence for murder and a life sentence for conspiracy. Mr Justice Donaldson, who also presided over the Maguire Seven trial, expressed regret that the Four had not been charged with treason, which still had a mandatory death penalty.[7] No hangings had been carried out in the UK since 1964, treason still carried the death penalty until 1998. The normal practice was for judges to be consulted by the Home Secretary when considering release from a life sentence, rather than giving a tariff at trial but the judge, believing he might be dead by the time they were released, recommended 30 years for Conlon, 35 for Armstrong and until "great age" for Hill.
The Guildford Four did not "fit the bill" of IRA involvement according to the way they lived. Paddy Armstrong and Carole Richardson, an Englishwoman, lived in a squat and were involved with drugs and petty crime.[8] Conlon asserted at several points in his autobiography that the IRA would not have taken him due to his record for shoplifting and other petty crimes and that he had been expelled from Fianna Éireann, an Irish republican youth organisation with strong ties to the Provisional IRA.[5] Hill was born and raised in Belfast in a mixed-religion marriage.[9]
Alibis [ edit ]
On the night of the attacks, Richardson was in London seeing the band Jack the Lad at the South Bank Polytechnic. She was unable to recall this upon being arrested but witnesses came forward. The prosecution put together a version of events in which she left for Guildford at high speed by car. Hill and Armstrong also presented alibis, with Hill's placing him in Southampton. A witness named Charles Burke placed Conlon in a London park, specifically on a bench where Burke was accustomed to sleeping as a tramp; his evidence was not presented at trial due to a miscarriage of justice[vague] forced by a trio of detectives.[citation needed] Robert King, a local journalist, went to Guildford police station to verify that one of the defendants "had been up north"; he was detained there and threatened for several hours, until he promised not to divulge his information to anyone. He remained silent for many years until he eventually told his father and later spoke of this in an interview with the Surrey Advertiser.[citation needed] King was the first journalist on the scene of the bombings.
Maguire Seven [ edit ]
The Maguire Seven were charged with possessing nitroglycerine allegedly passed to the IRA to make bombs after the police raided the West Kilburn house of Anne Maguire on 3 December 1974.
They were tried and convicted on 4 March 1976 and received the following sentences:
Defendant Relationship Age at
time of trial Sentence Anne Maguire 40 14 years Patrick Maguire Anne's husband 42 14 years Patrick Maguire Son of Anne and Patrick 14 4 years Vincent Maguire Son of Anne and Patrick 17 5 years Sean Smyth Brother of Anne Maguire 37 12 years Patrick O'Neill Family friend 35 12 years Patrick "Giuseppe" Conlon Brother-in-law of Anne 52 12 years
Giuseppe Conlon had travelled from Belfast to help his son, Gerry Conlon, in the Guildford Four trial. Conlon, who had troubles with his lungs for many years, died in prison in January 1980, while the other six served their sentences and were released.
Appeals [ edit ]
The Guildford Four and the Maguire Seven sought leave to appeal their convictions immediately and were refused. Despite this, a growing body of disparate groups pressed for a re-examination of the case.
In February 1977, during the trial of the Balcombe Street ASU, the four IRA men instructed their lawyers to "draw attention to the fact that four totally innocent people were serving massive sentences", referring to the Guildford Four.[10] Despite claims to the police that they were responsible they were never charged with these offences and the Guildford Four remained in prison for another twelve years.[10]
The Guildford Four tried to obtain from the Home Secretary a reference to the Court of Appeal under Section 17 of the Criminal Appeal Act 1968 (later repealed), but were unsuccessful. In 1987, the Home Office issued a memorandum recognising that it was unlikely they were terrorists, but that this would not be sufficient evidence for appeal.[citation needed]
Campaigns [ edit ]
Following the failure of the 1977 court appeal a number of 'lone voices' publicly questioned the conviction; among them David Martin in The Leveller, Gavin Esler and Chris Mullin in the New Statesman and David McKittrick in the Belfast Telegraph.[11]. On 26th February 1980, BBC One Northern Ireland aired ‘'Spotlight: Giuseppe Conlon and the Bomb Factory'' which contained an interview by Patrick Maguire and the BBC's Gavin Esler.[12]
Quashing of the Guildford Four verdict [ edit ]
In 1989, detectives from Avon and Somerset Constabulary, investigating the handling of the case, found significant pieces of evidence in relation to Surrey Police's handling of the Guildford Four and their statements. Typed notes from Patrick Armstrong's police interviews, which had been extensively edited. Deletions and additions had been made and the notes had been rearranged. The notes and their amendments were consistent with hand-written and typed notes presented at the trial, which suggested that the hand-written notes were made after the interviews had been conducted. The notes presented had been described in court as contemporaneous records. Manuscript notes relating to an interview with Hill, showed that Hill's fifth statement was taken in breach of Judges' Rules and may well have been inadmissible as evidence. The information was not made available to the DPP or the prosecution and the officers involved had denied under oath that such an interview had happened. Detention records were inconsistent with the times and durations of the claimed interviews, reported by the Surrey police.
An appeal was already under way on the basis of other evidence. Lord Gifford QC represented Paul Hill and others were represented by human rights solicitor, Gareth Peirce. The appeal hearing had been adjourned to January 1990 at the request of the Guildford Four but once the findings of the Somerset and Avon report were available, the hearing was resumed, with the Crown stating that they did not wish to support the convictions. The Lord Chief Justice, Lord Lane, concluded that, regardless of the impact of the content of the material discovered by Somerset and Avon or the alibis or additional evidence the appellants wished to introduce, the level of duplicity meant that all the police evidence was suspect and the case for the prosecution was unsafe.
Lane remarked
We have no doubt that these events make the convictions of all of these four appellants in respect of the Guildford and the Woolwich events unsafe, even though the latest revelations have no direct bearing on the evidence relating to the Woolwich bombing.[13]
The Four were released on 19 October 1989, after having their convictions quashed. Paul Hill had also been convicted of the murder of a British soldier, Brian Shaw, based on his confession while in the custody of Surrey Police. This did not fall under the ambit of the Lane appeal but he was released on bail, pending his appeal against this conviction. In 1994, Her Majesty's Court of Appeal in Belfast quashed Hill's conviction for Shaw's murder.
Quashing of the Maguire verdicts [ edit ]
On 12 July 1990, the Home Secretary David Waddington published the Interim Report on the Maguire Case: The Inquiry into the circumstances surrounding the convictions arising out of the bomb attacks in Guildford and Woolwich in 1974, which criticised the trial judge Mr Justice Donaldson and unearthed improprieties in the handling of scientific evidence, declaring the convictions unsound and recommending referral back to the Court of Appeal.[14] The report "strongly criticise[d] the decision by the prosecution at the Guildford Four's trial not to disclose to the defence a statement supporting Mr Conlon's alibi".[15] The convictions of the Maguire Seven were quashed in 1991.
Aftermath [ edit ]
Neither the bombings nor the wrongful imprisonment resulted in convictions. The bombings were most likely the work of the Balcombe Street Siege gang, who claimed responsibility. They were already serving life sentences, but were released under the terms of the Good Friday Agreement. Three British police officers—Thomas Style, John Donaldson and Vernon Attwell—were charged with conspiracy to pervert the course of justice but each was found not guilty.[16]
On 9 February 2005, Tony Blair, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, issued an apology to the families of the eleven people imprisoned for the bombings in Guildford and Woolwich and those related to them who were still alive. He said, in part, "I am very sorry that they were subject to such an ordeal and injustice... they deserve to be completely and publicly exonerated".[17]
Anne Maguire was awarded a Benemerenti medal by the Roman Catholic Church for her "remarkable ability to forgive" and her community work.[18] In 1993, Paul Hill married Courtney Kennedy, a daughter of assassinated American senator Robert F. Kennedy and a niece of assassinated president John F. Kennedy. They had a daughter in 1999 but legally separated in 2006.[19] Hill had a televised meeting with the brother of murdered soldier Brian Shaw, who continued to accuse him.[20] He travelled to Colombia to attend the trial of the Colombia Three.[21]
Gerry Conlon's autobiography Proved Innocent was adapted into the Oscar and Bafta award-nominated 1993 drama In the Name of the Father, with Daniel Day-Lewis, Emma Thompson and Pete Postlethwaite. The film depicts Conlon's attempt to rebuild his shattered relationship with his father but is partly fictional, Conlon never shared a cell with his father. He is reported to have settled with the government for a final payment of compensation in the region of £500,000.[1] His mother Sarah Conlon, who had spent 16 years campaigning to have the names of her husband and son cleared and helped secure the apology, died on 20 July 2008.[22] Conlon gave support to Tommy Sheridan in relation to the charges brought against him. Conlon had been working to have the conviction of the Craigavon Two overturned prior to his death in June 2014.[23]
Paddy Armstrong had problems with drinking and gambling. He eventually married and moved to Dublin.[24] Carole Richardson married and had a daughter soon after her release. She kept out of the public eye and died in 2012 aged only 55.[24] [25][26]
The autobiography of the youngest member of the Maguire Seven, Patrick Maguire, My Father's Watch: The Story of a Child Prisoner in 70s Britain was released in May 2008. It tells his story before, during and after his imprisonment and details its impact on his life and those of his family.[27]
Gerry Conlon later joined a campaign to free the "Craigavon Two", Brendan McConville and John Paul Wootton, convicted of the murder of a police officer in Northern Ireland. Conlon died at home in Belfast on 21 June 2014. His family issued a statement: "He brought life, love, intelligence, wit and strength to our family through its darkest hours. He helped us to survive what we were not meant to survive. We recognise that what he achieved by fighting for justice for us had a far, far greater importance – it forced the world's closed eyes to be opened to injustice; it forced unimaginable wickedness to be acknowledged; we believe it changed the course of history".[28]
Sir John Donaldson went on to an illustrious judicial career and became Master of the Rolls, Head of the Appeal Court. The appeal case itself for R v Maguire 1981, is now the leading case for disclosure to the defence. In November 2018 the BBC broadcast a documentary A Great British Injustice: The Maguire Story, with the involvement of surviving members of the Maguire family. [29]
In popular culture [ edit ]
Opinions in 1994 Paul Hill onin 1994
See also [ edit ]
Drivers on the Luas tram line in Dublin are to take further strike action to disrupt services on Easter Sunday and Easter Monday in a dispute over pay.
Luas operator Transdev said that in addition to stopping the tram service on Easter weekend, drivers planned to stop work next Tuesday, March 8th and on St Patricks Day.
This was in addition to the earlier dates of Thursday February 11th and Friday February 12th, Thursday February 18th and Friday February 19th 2016.
The drivers have held two recent strikes over pay. They have sought increases of between 8 and 53 per cent as well as improvements in their conditions of employment.
Management has proposed increases in the region of one to three per cent, linked to productivity.
Transdev managing director Gerry Madden said: “Siptu are not just threatening the company with their unrealistic pay claims but are now prepared to jeopardise the Irish economy and Irish jobs. The state has made great plans for the centenary of 1916 and transport is a vital part of those plans.”
Transdev said it had stated its willingness to attend the Workplace Relations Commission and was disappointed the invitation had to be withdrawn because of last week's unofficial action by some Luas drivers.
Siptu said there was a highly dysfunctional relationship between many Luas staff and management.
The union said it had held talks on Tuesday with all four grades of staff in the company on a strategy to facilitate new talks to resolve the current dispute.
Drivers were prepared to suspend their work to rule and call off the strike planned for March 8th but not for St Patrick's Day. They wanted to press ahead with serving strike notice for Easter immediately because of the requirement on them to give 21 days warning of industrial action, the union said.
It said Luas revenue protection officers and supervisors had suspended their work to rule and were prepared to defer the March 8th action but not the 17th. They had no position on strikes over Easter.
Siptu said traffic supervisors were not prepared to suspend their work to rule but were prepared to defer the March 8th strike . However they were not willing to cancel the St Patrick's Day stoppage.
The union said it put these various proposals to the Workplace Relations Commission on Wednesday morning. However, the commission said it did not consider the proposals to constitute normal industrial relations and would not convene talks with effectively a gun to its head.
Separately, drivers on the Dart rail service who are members of Siptu voted unanimously in favour of strike action if the company attempts to introduce rosters to provide a service every 10 minutes.
Introducing new rosters, as planned, from Sunday, April 10th was a “deeply unfortunate and provocative move”, said Siptu organiser Paul Cullen.
“The failure of the company to effectively engage in such productivity discussions resulted in industrial action by all train drivers in Irish Rail during October and November 2015.”
Mr Cullen said members were “deeply disappointed” that management of Irish Rail seemed “intent on provoking further conflict with workers”.
“This is despite the Labour Court proposing a negotiation process which aims to create a forum where solutions can be found to productivity issues at the company.”
Things To Consider
For the purpose of this question, a "2D game engine" is defined as a framework for managing game state and behavior, integrated with 2D-specific middleware (at minimum, a rendering engine). This is based on Wikipedia's definition of a game engine, specialized to 2D while taking note of the second paragraph:
A game engine is the software, i.e. some algorithms, solely responsible for the game mechanics and is strictly speaking not the rendering engine. Like e.g. the physics engine, the rendering engine is just middleware. The rendering engine is responsible for the rendering or rather 3D rendering and not for the game mechanics.
Among other things, qualifying engines do not require an integrated development environment, any sort of visual editing or compositing of game assets, or a physics engine. Likewise, a high-level tool which allows assembly of 2D games from assets fits even if it has no coding interface. This definition is intentionally broad and inclusive, to match the scope of the question itself: other questions can satisfy more specific needs, while this one serves as a comprehensive summary and introduction.
Tuesday's special U.S. Senate election in Alabama was never destined to bring good news for the Republican Party, no matter the outcome. But the stunning victory by Democrat Doug Jones was a devastating blow to a party wracked by divisions and intraparty rivalries and a humiliating defeat for President Trump.
For some Republicans, the fact that the controversial and flawed Roy Moore will not be their new senator from Alabama came with some measure of relief. But the consequences of that outcome will reverberate over the coming months in one legislative battle after another. An already razor-thin margin in the Senate becomes even more tenuous for the party in power.
Beyond that, the tumultuous election served to expose further the fissures, fault lines and rivalries that have only widened in the 13 months since Trump captured the White House. The election provided the capstone to a year of tumult inside the GOP, and at a time when the party controls the levers of power in Washington and states across the country, the Alabama campaign was one more reminder that this is a party facing a major identity crisis and no easy answers for how to resolve it.
In the face of results that showed Jones leading by 20,000 votes and by more than a percentage point, Moore signaled late Tuesday that he had not given up the fight. He refused to concede the race and said he would seek a possible recount. That decision will produce more heartburn among establishment Republicans, who would prefer to see him fade quickly and quietly into obscurity.
Trump suffered mightily after fully embracing Moore in the final weeks of the campaign, despite credible allegations that Moore had engaged in sexually improper behavior with teenage girls when he was in his 30s.
It was the second such setback for the president in a state he won by 28 points just a year ago. In the GOP primary earlier this year, he had endorsed, with limited enthusiasm, Sen. Luther Strange, who had taken the seat of Jeff Sessions when Trump made Sessions his attorney general. For Trump, nothing good has come from that appointment — from a special counsel investigation into Russia's role in the 2016 election to a pair of losses in the Alabama races.
The outcome was a bad moment as well for Stephen K. Bannon, once the president's White House strategist and a man with the expressed commitment of bringing down the GOP establishment. More than Trump, Bannon was all in for Moore, campaigning on his behalf while railing against those in the establishment who had been overtly critical of the GOP nominee.
Bannon has threatened a year of turmoil for the GOP, but in this high-profile test, both he and the president proved to have limited ability to transfer Trump's popularity to another candidate. This won't be the last the party hears from Bannon, but he will be viewed differently as a result of what happened on Tuesday.
For those reasons, many Republicans will privately be pleased to see Bannon and even Trump get their comeuppance. But that doesn't resolve the split within the party over the direction it should take. As long as Trump is president, this is the division and the reality that Republicans will live with — an uneasy coalition at best.
Moore brought to the race a history of defiance to the rule of law, twice having been removed from the state Supreme Court for defying orders. He was hardly popular despite defeating Strange in the primary, but in channeling Trump's outsider, drain-the-swamp rhetoric, he appealed to many in the Trump and GOP coalition who wanted to stick the party's congressional leadership in the eye.
His candidacy took a damaging hit after the primary, when The Washington Post reported the accusation that he had initiated a sexual encounter with a 14-year-old girl when he was in his 30s as well as accounts of other women who said he preyed on them as teenagers. The race turned from an almost-certain victory for the Republicans to a competitive contest that would leave the party with no good outcomes, win or lose.
1 of 76 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Doug Jones defeats Roy Moore for the U.S. Senate seat from Alabama View Photos Republican Roy Moore, who has been accused of sexual misconduct, faced off against Democrat Doug Jones in a special election. Caption Republican Roy Moore, who has been accused of sexual misconduct, faced off against Democrat Doug Jones in a special election. Jabin Botsford Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
The fact that he will not be in the Senate spares Republicans from what could have been a spectacle of controversy—a likely ethics investigation that could have led to Moore's expulsion but that even if it did not, would keep him and the allegations against him in the forefront of the political conversation — to the detriment of the GOP.
A number of Republicans said Tuesday they had feared the worst from a Moore victory, that with him as a sitting senator, supported by the president and the Republican National Committee in his campaign, the party would have put itself on the side of a candidate with racial and other views anathema to most Americans and on the wrong side of the issue of sexual harassment at a moment when the ground is shifting dramatically toward zero tolerance for such behavior.
These Republicans expressed concerns that the GOP could lose the support of young voters for a generation as well as declining support from suburban women who have been part of their coalition in their rise to power. The preliminary exit polls showed the validity of some of those fears, as voters under age 45 went overwhelmingly for Jones against Moore. Women also backed the Democrat's candidacy, although white women supported Moore.
However contentious the campaign proved to be during the final weeks, the aftermath could be similarly destabilizing for the Republicans. Party leaders will attempt to put the election behind them and return to their efforts to pass a tax bill and deal with other pending legislative issues.
But recriminations are likely, especially with a president who hates to lose and has a record of lashing out when things have not gone his way. The president was opposed in this contest by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), who had called for Moore to withdraw after the allegations of sexual misconduct. Though the two will try to come together over the tax cut bill, the ill will that has long existed will remain.
Trump faces his own accusations of sexual misconduct, and as the national debate about those issues rises, Democrats are becoming more aggressive in pushing to have Trump held accountable. Moore's defeat will be seen as a sign that the public is becoming far less tolerant of such behavior.
The president's allies have said voters took the charges against him into account and elected him anyway. But Moore's defeat could be read as a shift in the public mood and Democrats likely will push the issue at every opportunity. Trump's Twitter blast Tuesday morning at Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) as someone willing to "do anything" for campaign contributions further inflamed the issues of sexual misbehavior.
Beyond that are questions about how much the addition of one seat to the Democrats' column changes the calculus for control of the Senate in 2018. The map remains difficult for the Democrats, and they are still in need of a genuine renewal. But with control of the House already in play, the Alabama race, coupled with the results in Virginia last month, suggest there is energy among rank-and-file Democrats that could put the Republicans at a big disadvantage next year.
It's always easy to overstate the importance of a single election and no doubt that's the case even for Alabama. But this is one contest that seemed to bring together much of what is in the forefront of the political debates, from the popularity and influence of the president to the fractured Republican Party to the issue of sexual harassment. For Republicans, it was a bad night, no matter how it was measured. The question is where they go now.
Read more:
As Democrats add Senate seat, GOP left to bicker over what happened in Alabama
Heeding Bannon in Alabama election, Trump gambles and loses
Democrats are jubilant — and newly confident about 2018 — as Alabama delivers win on Trump's turf
How different groups voted in Alabama
When Ruby was born in December of 2013, she wasn't given much hope for any kind of future. She was born with a cleft lip and palate, which made it virtually impossible for her to nurse. Vets had advised she is put down.
After an attempt to care for her over the first five days of her life, the breeder she was born to had surrendered Ruby to the Utah Animal Advocacy Foundation in Salt Lake City. She was very malnourished.
In an interview with The Huffington Post, the director of the foundation, Jennifer Clayton said, “I have to admit that she looked pretty bad.”
When Jennifer brought Ruby to her personal vet, it was the first time that euthanasia wasn't the first suggestion made. Jennifer was told that this would be a costly endeavor, but could be done.
“But she said she'd help me try to save her if that's what I wanted to do,” said Jennifer. “As I sat there trying to make that terrible decision, Ruby started to suck on my finger and I knew that she wasn't ready to give up.”
The task of keeping Ruby healthy was a monumental one. Tube feedings in the middle of the night were a common occurrence, not to mention the others that needed to be done about every four hours. This took place from her birth in December, straight through to March.
That March, a surgeon at the University of Pennsylvania veterinary school found out about Ruby. He called Jennifer and said he was willing to help.
“Ruby and I flew from Salt Lake City to Philadelphia for surgery. The surgery was a complete success and the very next morning Ruby ate canned puppy food for the very first time,” said Jennifer.
So, how is the little pit bull doing now?
“Except for the occasional sinus infection and a few minor dental issues, Ruby has been the picture of health ever since. At this point, she really is like any other dog except for her unique look,” says Jennifer.
Today, Ruby enjoys a Facebook fan base of over 30,000 followers, and gets recognized on the streets by her fans all the time.
“It has been crazy to realize just how many people know Ruby and recognize her when we're out in public. It's not uncommon at all for people to approach us on walks, outside the grocery store at various events, and even at the drive-thru. Her little pink nose is so recognizable, and people who have followed her story are always excited to meet her in person,” said Jennifer.
Jennifer hopes that all of this attention paid to Ruby will spur on others into taking in challenging rescues. She also hopes that Ruby's story can help with little children who need a little extra care as well.
“Ruby is famous and loved because of her differences, and I think there's a powerful message in that,” said Jennifer.
To see more of the adorable Miss Ruby, like her Facebook page.
Whether you call it a slushy, an ICEE, a Slurpee, maybe a Squishee (for you Simpsons fans) or a “non-alcoholic cola-flavored frozen margarita,” soda slushes aren't hard to come by. You can walk into pretty much any 7-Eleven in the country and serve yourself one in a ridiculously large cup whenever you want. But apparently, in Japan, the name of the game is taking something easy and making it even easier because, according to RocketNews24, you can now buy bottles of “self-freezing” instant Coca-Cola slushies out of a vending machine.
“Self-freezing” Cokes that turn into a slush as soon as you open them are nothing new. RocketNews24 has been talking about them since back in 2010. In 2013, Grant “The King of Random” Thompson even had a massively viral video about how to make them yourselves. The science behind these special “self-freezing” bottles isn't that complicated: It's all about getting the right pressure in the bottle and cooling the liquid to the right temperature.
But why DIY when someone can DI-for-you? As you can see in the video above, convenience stores in Japan now have these insta-slushies in vending machines that keep the bottles at exactly the right pressure and temperature so as soon as one pops out, all slushy lovers have to do is open and pour: A vending machine slush on-the-go.
Related: HOW THE COKE BOTTLE BECAME SO ICONIC
For now in Japan, RocketNews24 says the special soda machines have only popped up in a few regions. “With the rollout still in its initial stages, there's no news yet on when we'll be seeing the special vending machines in big cities like Tokyo and Osaka,” the site says – though they are currently in 1000 Japanese 7-Elevens in other parts of the country.
No word on if they'll ever come to 7-Elevens in the States. As cool as these bottles look, I'd definitely miss using those ridiculously large 7-Eleven cups.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
More than half of the 15 trillion gallons of sewage Americans flush annually is processed into sludge that gets spread on farmland, lawns, and home vegetable gardens. In theory, recycling poop is the perfect solution to the one truly unavoidable byproduct of human civilization. But sludge-based as fertilizer can contain anything that goes down the drain—from Prozac flushed down toilets to motor oil hosed from factory floors. That's why an increasing number of cities have begun to explore an alternative way to dispose of sludge: advanced poop-to-power plants. By one estimate, a single American's daily sludge output can generate enough electricity to light a 60-watt bulb for more than nine hours. Here are the six most innovative ways that human waste is being converted to watts:
Poop-Eating Bacteria
Digesters similar to brewery casks house anaerobic bacteria that eat sludge and belch out methane. This technology is the oldest, cheapest, and most proven poop-to-power method. Even so, fewer than 10 percent of the nation's 6,000 public wastewater plants have the digesters; of those, just 20 percent burn the methane gas for energy (the rest simply flare it off). Flint, Michigan, and several other cities use the methane gas to fuel fleets of city buses. The problem with anaerobic digesters is that they only reduce sludge's volume by half and capture a portion of its embedded energy.
Turd Cell Smashers
Destroying the cell walls in sludge—by heating it under pressure, zapping it with ultrasonic waves, or pulsing it with electric fields—boosts its methane production by 50 percent or more in anaerobic digesters. On the downside, researchers have found that some of these processes can unleash nasty odors and even a “chemical attack” on sewage machinery.
Geological Toilets
Last summer, Los Angeles began injecting sludge into a mile-deep well, where pressure and heat are expected to release enough methane to power 1,000 homes. The well also dissolves and sequesters carbon dioxide that the sludge would normally release, removing the equivalent exhaust of about 1,000 cars per year. “This renewable energy project is absolutely electrifying,” Los Angeles mayor Antonio Villaraigosa told the LA Times. “It will save money and make money.”
Feces pond
As a cheaper green option, some 50 waste plants in 20 countries have installed versions of UC Berkeley professor William J. Oswald's Advanced Integrated Wastewater Pond Systems Technology–large open-air ponds that primarily rely on anaerobic digestion and photosynthesis to break down sludge and convert it into a fertilizer or animal feed of nitrogen-rich algae. The algae in turn can be used as a feedstock for biofuels. Rich Brown, an environmental scientist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, sees an obstacle in the ponds' huge footprint: “For rural areas it's great,” he says. “For San Francisco it wouldn't work so well.”
Gassifiers
Sludge gasification plants are popular in Europe and especially Germany. A low-oxygen reaction transforms the solids in sludge into a carbon-rich “char” similar to BBQ briquettes. Next, the char is gasified in the presence of air to produce a syngas that can be burned for energy.
Poop Pyrotechnics
Last year, Atlanta-based EnerTech built the world's first commercial sludge “pyrolysis” plant in Southern California. Its patented SlurryCarb process converts sludge from a third of Los Angeles and Orange Counties into char pellets that replace coal at a nearby cement kiln; its ash is mixed into the cement.
One Small Poop for Man. . .
With billions in stimulus funds slated for wastewater improvements, is the time right for poop power? Such efforts, which reduce landfilling and emissions, have earned praise from some anti-sludge groups. Caroline Snyder, the founder of Citizens for Sludge-Free Land, calls it a “win-win situation.”
The EPA says sludge power holds promise, but it's not ready to quit pushing sludge as a wonder fertilizer. This hasn't deterred the sewage industry, which sees a chance to get into the renewable energy business and put a stop to the stream of health complaints and costly lawsuits. “After almost 40 years of working in biosolids,” a sewage industry official wrote in a recent newsletter. “I never thought I'd say this: it is an exciting time for sludge!”
H/T to the State of Science Report: Energy and Resource Recovery from Sludge, published by the Global Water Research Coalition. Photo from Flickr user gtmcknight used under creative commons license.
How does Jamie Zigelbaum, a former student at MIT Media Lab, celebrate freedom from tyranny, drool-worthy accents and " standing in the queue ?" By creating Slurp, of course. In what's easily one of the most jaw-dropping demonstrations of the year, this here digital eyedropper is a fanciful new concept that could certainly grow some legs if implemented properly in the marketplace. Designed as a "tangible interface for manipulating abstract digital information as if it were water," Slurp can "extract (slurp up) and inject (squirt out) pointers to digital objects," enabling connected machines and devices to have information transferred from desktop to desktop (or desktop to speakers, etc.) without any wires to bother with. We can't even begin to comprehend the complexity behind the magic, but all you need to become a believer is embedded after the break. It's 41 seconds of pure genius, we assure you.
Children have been seen holding weapons at a pro-Russian rebel roadblock near the embattled village of Shyrokyne, according to independent monitors observing the war in eastern Ukraine.
The revelation, which was announced by Michael Biocurkiw, a spokesperson for the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), during a press conference in Kiev late on Thursday evening, is symbolic of a conflict where rules, ceasefires and conventions have been broken on a daily basis, and where recent fighting between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels has reached levels not seen since the Minsk II peace deal was signed in February this year.
"During the most recent visit [to Shyrokyne], our monitors did spot what appeared to be underage children at that checkpoint,” said Biocurkiw. “This is the second time in recent times that we've seen children, and some of them [were] with arms.
"We're very concerned about observing this type of development – any time when children are involved in a conflict is unacceptable," he added.
Shyrokyne, which is only 10 miles from the strategic port town of Mariupol on Ukraine's southern coast, has been the scene of deadly fighting for months. On Thursday morning, one soldier was killed and two injured in battles near the village.
There have been few days since the Minsk agreement went into force on Feb. 15 this year that the ceasefire and its conditions have been fully observed. Both sides have resorted to using banned heavy weapons, such as grad rockets and large artillery shells, and have regularly breached the line of contact since the war began in April 2014. During that time there have been no official reports of children holding weapons.
When questioned on the issue, Biocurkiw said that those “are only two [such] incidents in front of me, that we have seen” and that he and his team “will continue to gather as much information on this type of development as possible.”
Biocurkiw added that no one in the OSCE team communicated with the children at the roadblock.
Yesterday I had my first visit to the unemployment office after my big shake-up last week. Everything went pretty smoothly but I'm still very much in the preliminary stages of getting any kind of unemployment for the next few weeks.
The guy who helped me might have been a little off, though he seemed quite the melodramatic type. What this is about, however, isn't a wacky dude. It's about history. This isn't the first person who has told me absolutely frightening stories about their lives in Berlin. While it might not have been the best venue for his insight, I'm nevertheless moved any time I hear an everyday person recount their brushes with fate in Berlin. It's probably got something to do with how apathetic this city can feel at times. More than that, however, is the nearness of events that I'd consider inconceivable. Imagining a divided Berlin is hard enough, let alone one whose opposing sides were so embroiled in conflict and international interest. Thankfully there are people like this who occasionally remind me of just where I live and how fucking strange this city can be.
All too often people make snap judgments based on how you speak. Some AI systems are also learning to be prejudiced against some dialects. And as language-based AI systems become ever more common, some minorities may automatically be discriminated against by machines, warn researchers studying the issue.
Anyone with a strong or unusual accent may know what it's like to have trouble being understood by Siri or Alexa. This is because voice-recognition systems use natural-language technology to parse the contents of speech, and it often relies on algorithms that have been trained with example data. If there aren't enough examples of a particular accent or vernacular, then these systems may simply fail to understand you (see “AI's Language Problem”).
The problem may be more widespread and pernicious than most people realize. Natural-language technology now powers automated interactions with customers, through automated phone systems or chatbots. It's used to mine public opinion on the Web and social networks, and to comb through written documents for useful information. This means that services and products built on top of language systems may already be unfairly discriminating against certain groups.
Sign up for The Download Your daily dose of what's up in emerging technology
Brendan O'Connor, an assistant professor at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst, and one of his graduate students, Su Lin Blodgett, looked at the use of language on Twitter. Using demographic filtering, the researchers collected 59.2 million tweets with a high probability of containing African-American slang or vernacular. They then tested several natural-language processing tools on this data set to see how they would treat these statements. They found that one popular tool classified these posts as Danish with a high level of confidence.
“If you analyze Twitter for people's opinions on a politician and you're not even considering what African-Americans are saying or young adults are saying, that seems problematic,” O'Connor says.
The pair also tested several popular machine-learning-based APIs that analyze text for meaning and sentiment, and they found that these systems struggled, too. “If you purchase a sentiment analyzer from some company, you don't even know what biases it has in it,” O'Connor says. “We don't have a lot of auditing or knowledge about these things.”
He says the problem extends to any system that uses language, including search engines.
The issue of unfairness emerging from the use of AI algorithms is gaining attention in some quarters as these algorithms are used more widely. One controversial example of possible bias is a proprietary algorithm called Compass, which is used to decide whether prison inmates should be granted parole. The workings of the algorithm are unknown, but research suggests it is biased against black inmates.
Some experts, however, say that the problem may be more serious than many people know, affecting a growing number of decisions in finance, health care, and education (see “Biased Algorithms are Everywhere and No One Seems to Care”).
The UMass researchers presented their work at a workshop dedicated to exploring the issue of bias in AI. The event, Fairness and Transparency in Machine Learning, was part of a larger data-science conference this year, but it will become a stand-alone conference itself in 2018. Solon Barocas, an assistant professor at Cornell and a cofounder of the event, says the field is growing, with more and more researchers exploring the issue of bias in AI systems.
Shared Goel, an assistant professor at Stanford University who studies algorithmic fairness and public policy, says the issue is not always straightforward. He notes that it can be overly simplistic to call algorithms biased, in that they may work entirely as intended, making predictions that are accurate, and simply reflect broader social biases. “It's better to describe what an algorithm is doing, the reason it's doing it, and then to decide if that's what we want it to do,” Goel says.
The high hills and rolling Appalachian mountains west of Harrisburg are beautiful, especially when driving up and over and through and around them. If you live in the Philadelphia area and either attended Penn State University or went to Beaver Stadium on a sun-splashed (but frigid) Saturday afternoon, then you know what I'm talking about. It's hard not to appreciate the scenic views and grandness of it all. But you have to be careful. Just east of State College the road goes straight up and down, the last obstacle before entering Happy Valley. You are warned, though. "Steep Grade", the sign says (or something like that). After reaching the peek, my foot never left the brake for fear of losing control. These damn grades, I thought to myself, they're dangerous!
Aren't all grades dangerous? The most famously dangerous might be IQ. In the Mismeasure of Man, author Stephen Jay Gould fiercely (and rightly) criticized the use of numbers in grading a person's intelligence. Ultimately, those grades are inherently subjective, created by men with a narrow definition of the brain's capacity. But we like grades because we think they help us understand things and assign value in the absence of context, especially in the world of sports. NFL draft grades are a great example of this. We immediately need to know how the Eagles drafted: A, B, or C+. But these grades are without true context (how can we grade if the players have yet to play an NFL game?).
Pro Football Focus (PFF) attempts to address this. You've seen here on BGN how PFF uses their grades to rate weekly performances, project depth charts and rank punters. Yet the process is largely a mystery. If you glean their website, you will leave with a general idea of how the grades are assigned, but you won't know exactly what their definition of context is. You won't know exactly how it works. But maybe we don't need to know the "how"; maybe we just need to know the "how well".
Since I don't have a PFF subscription, I signed up for a free membership that included access to 2008's season statistics. I performed a linear regression to see how well a team's sum of player grades (a team's total grade) compared to its number of wins, then compared these correlation values to other well-known or well-regarded statistics: yards, points, Football Outsider's Defense-adjusted Value Over Average (DVOA), and Pythagorean expectation. Here is how all five correlate with number of wins in 2008:
2008 Correlation to Wins DVOA (FO) 0.824 Pyth Exp 0.824 Points Margin 0.621 PFF Grades 0.603 Yards Margin 0.555
It's no surprise to see DVOA and Pythagorean expectation at the top of this list. There has already been a ton of research on Pythagorean expectation, research which influenced much of the DVOA development. However, there is a significant drop when looking at points. As it turns out, a good point differential (scoring more points over a season than a defense allows) does not always translate to a successful season. Nor does gaining more yards than the defense allows. PFF grades fall somewhere in between the two. Not a bad result, but for a statistic to be considered valid, it should at least correlate to wins as well as point differentials.
According to PFF, their subjective grading allows them "to bring some intelligence to the raw numbers" (Stephen Jay Gould may have chuckled at this). If this is the case, then perhaps if the subjective grades are used in conjunction with the other metrics, and not by itself, the correlations improve.
2008 Correlation to Wins w/PFF Grades DVOA (FO) 0.828 Pyth Exp 0.825 Points Margin 0.695 Yards Margin 0.677
They actually do improve, most significantly with points (+.074) and yards margins (+.121). So PFF grades can add value to existing metrics when trying to project a team's number of wins.
So what is the takeaway here? PFF grades are not great when viewed by themselves, but can add value when combined with other statistics. I see a lot of potential in the grades assigned by Pro Football Focus, but I think, for now, it's a potential not fully realized. Here's why (and here's why an analysis of 2008 data may be as applicable as an analysis of 2013 data): PFF normalizes its raw data (you can read more about it here). But they use the same normalization factors that they have always used. If you've read Nate Silver's The Signal and the Noise, you know how important it is to review, test, and adjust your methods. And repeat. And then do it again. It's not clear to what extent PFF is doing this. So just like navigating the steep grades on route 322, exercise a fair degree of caution when considering their grades. For now.
Next… I use logistic regression to test how well PFF grades project single game outcomes. Stay tuned.
Taipei, Aug. 25 (CNA) Shares in Taiwan closed above the 9,100 point mark Thursday as the electronics and financial sectors rebounded from the recent sessions, dealers said.
However, turnover remained thin with many investors taking to the sidelines, waiting for more clues about the U.S. Federal Reserve's monetary policy ahead of a speech by Fed Chair Janet Yellen at the upcoming annual central bankers' meeting, dealers said.
The weighted index on the Taiwan Stock Exchange ended up 98.09 points, or 1.09 percent, at the day's high of 9,115.47, off an early low of 9,031.34. Turnover totaled NT$76.17 billion (US$2.40 billion) during the session.
The market opened up 0.19 percent on a technical rebound as investors shrugged off a decline on Wall Street, where the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.35 percent and the S&P 500 index lost 0.52 percent overnight, dealers said.
The momentum in the local equity market accelerated, with buying focusing on the bellwether electronics and financial sectors, as bargain hunters returned to the trading floor, picking up large-cap stocks such as Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. (TSMC, 台積電) and Hon Hai Precision Industry Co. (鴻海) and select financial stocks, dealers said.
The buying continued until the end of the session, vaulting the index past the 9,100 point level, they added.
"Thanks to the gains posted by electronics and financial heavyweights, the local main board moved higher," Concord Securities analyst Kerry Huang said. "But turnover was small, indicating that many investors remained reluctant to chase prices."
The electronics sub-index closed up 1.38 percent and the financial sector ended 1.58 percent higher.
Among the gaining high-tech heavyweights, contract chipmaker TSMC, the most heavily weighted stock on the local market, rose 2.02 percent to close at NT$177.00 with 23.86 million shares changing hands.
Buying in TSMC shares appeared more visible late in the session and the stock closed at the day's high. Led by TSMC, the semiconductor sub-index ended up 1.78 percent.
Hon Hai, an assembler of iPhones and iPads for Apple Inc., gained 2.08 percent to end at NT$88.50 on trading volume of 56.48 million shares.
"The interest in Hon Hai was based largely on expectations that the launch of the next generation iPhones will boost the company's shipments in the second half of the year," Huang said.
Also in the high-tech sector, integrated circuit packaging and testing services provider Advanced Semiconductor Engineering Inc. (日月光) climbed 1.45 percent to close at NT$38.60, while Largan Precision Co. (大立光), a smartphone camera lens supplier to Apple, fell 1.38 percent to end at NT$3,585.00 but remained the most expensive stock on the local market.
In the financial sector, CTBC Financial Holding Co. (中信金) rose 3.87 percent to close at NT$18.80, and Cathay Financial Holding Co. (國泰金) added 2.51 percent to end at NT$38.75 amid reports of a merger.
According to the reports, such a merger would produce the largest financial holding firm in Taiwan, with CTBC Financial handling banking operations, and Cathay Financial managing insurance business.
"Despite the gains, market sentiment remained cautious ahead of Yellen's speech," Huang said. "Investors at home and abroad are worried that she would hint at a rate hike, which would send ripples through the global financial markets."
He said it remains to be seen whether the index will hold above 9,100 points down the road.
(By Frances Huang)
enditem/pc
Shutterstock
There's nothing quite like putting your trust in a healthcare professional just to have them turn around and call you a “moron” for being in the current predicament you're in. Sure chugging an entire gallon of bleach probably wasn't the best idea, but rent is due next week and your buddy Alan said he'd pay you $500 for even trying to drink at least half of the bottle. Who are you to say no? It's free money, and desperate times call for desperate measures.
Of course that probably wasn't the scenario that caused paramedic Tatiana Kulikova, 25, to caption selfies with dying patients with phrases like “another moron” and “how I hate my job,” but even if it was it's still inexcusable.
“How I hate my job” pic.twitter.com/m0VPXn4MvM — jerks mcgoo (@JerksOnBlast) March 9, 2015
//platform.twitter.com/widgets.jsAccording to local health campaigner Artem Golubev,
‘It is clear that while she was taking these photographs she was not looking after her patients.' He added: ‘She shows a callous disregard for the welfare of her patients, some of whom died after those pictures were taken.
Via Mirror
//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js
As of yet Tatiana has made no comment following the dismissal from her job, however Golubev went on to say that he would “not be surprised if their [patients'] families sue both her and the emergency services.”
[H/T Metro, header image via Shutterstock]
Billboard magazine is changing the way it ranks songs on its Hot 100 singles chart to take into account online music-streaming services like Spotify and Rhapsody, responding to a major shift in how people are consuming music.
“It's so important that we are vigilant in recognizing a changing marketplace almost constantly these days,” Bill Werde, Billboard's editorial director, said on Wednesday. “When you look at these streaming subscription services, even in the last year, you really see how they have come of age and I just think the time is now to do this.”
The chart's methodology has been changed several times since it was established in the late 1950s. In those days hits were determined by counting jukebox plays, spins by radio disc jockeys and sales at record stores. Since the late 1990s the chart has been based mostly on airplay and digital sales.
But streaming services have been growing rapidly in recent years, and have surged even more in the last few months. The number of streams on six of the biggest services rose to 494 million in the week ending March 4, from 300 million a week at the start of the year, according to Nielsen Broadcast Data Systems.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The growth we are seeing this year is pretty tremendous,” said Chris Muratore, a vice president in Nielsen's entertainment division. “The consumption is just enormous.”
Photo
On Thursday Billboard will begin to publish a new chart — On-Demand Songs — that ranks singles according to the number of times they were listened to on those six Internet services — Spotify, Rhapsody, MOG, Slacker, Muve Music and Rdio. That data will then be folded into the Hot 100 chart, along with tallies of streams from sites like Yahoo, Myspace, Guvera and Akoo. The chart's new methodology, first reported in The Wall Street Journal, still gives the greatest weight to sales, followed by radio play, and then online streaming.
USA Today
Roy Hibbert's 13-point, seven-rebound effort in Game 7 of the Eastern Conference quarterfinals against the Atlanta Hawks feels like a distant memory following another disastrous outing to open up the Indiana Pacers' second-round series with the Washington Wizards.
In the 102-96 Game 1 loss, Hibbert flopped in epic fashion yet again. Specifically, the two-time All-Star tallied zero points (0-of-2 shooting), zero rebounds, two blocks, one assist and five personal fouls in 18 minutes.
Not only that, but the Pacers were also a team-worst minus-17 with Hibbert on the floor, which caused emotions to run high following the defeat:
And you better believe David West wasn't the only one pleading for Hibbert to ramp up his energy in the coming days.
According to the Indianapolis Star's Candace Buckner, Pacers swingman Paul George stressed how vital an engaged Hibbert is to the team's fading title aspirations, saying, "We're at the point where we really need Roy and we need him now."
However, George continued to back the Pacers' man in the middle, according to CSN Washington's J. Michael:
Hibbert even acknowledged that he needs to play a key role, particularly against a young Wizards team whose confidence is spiking at just the right time:
On a night when the Pacers were outrebounded 53-36, including 17-6 on the offensive glass, Indiana could have desperately used a throwback performance from Hibbert.
However, Frank Vogel's squad lacked continuity on both ends of the floor throughout, a disturbing trend that doesn't appear to be on the verge of subsiding, according to CBS Sports' Matt Moore:
Frank Vogel went to smaller lineups to try and get the offense going... and the defense fell apart. He went big to try and slow down the offense, and the Pacers' scoring died. There's no balance with the Pacers right now, especially when George plays that way.
There's plenty of time for the Pacers to bounce back (heck, we saw them do it in the first round against the Hawks), but the fact that Hibbert's scored zero points in three of his last four games signals that the formerly acclaimed center is on the verge of collapsing like we've never seen a player collapse before.
Matched up against a Wizards defense that's surrendered just 99.6 points per 100 possessions through six playoff games, according to NBA.com's stats database, there don't figure to be many opportunities for Hibbert to prove himself against Marcin Gortat and Co. on the blocks.
What remains to be seen is whether Vogel will soon jettison Hibbert from the team's starting lineup, which he's been reluctant to do during this painful stretch. Although his minutes have decreased significantly of late, dropping Hibbert from the rotation altogether could be detrimental to the big man's psyche long-term.
By Sabina Idayatova
Azerbaijan Sumo Federation hosted an international sumo tournament including athletes from Azerbaijan, Turkey, Russia, Georgia, Sri Lanka and Jordan.
Head coach of Azerbaijan team, Secretary General of Sumo Federation, International Judge Rufat Ismayilov informed about this on November 26.
"Prizes were awarded in the absolute weight category, in which the weight of the athletes did not matter," Ismayilov said.
One of the leaders of the Georgian team Levan Berianidze, whose weight is 150 kg, become a champion after a persistent and fascinating match. In the final round, he defeated Azerbaijani athlete, World and European champion Namig Sadikhov
In the semifinals Sadikhov (weight 85 kg) defeated a world championship medalist from Georgia Aftandil Tsertsevadze (weight 215 kg), who eventually shared the bronze pedestal with Azerbaijani athlete, winner of the European Youth Championship Amiraslan Ahmadov.
"America has lost nearly one third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997, following the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton."
Donald Trump tapped into a deep well of bitterness over jobs and trade to win the Republican nomination and in his acceptance speech, he placed the blame squarely on the shoulders of his Democratic opponent.
"America has lost nearly one third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997, following the enactment of disastrous trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton," Trump told a roaring crowd.
Trump offered the same statistic when he laid out his economic policies at a speech in Pennsylvania in June. That speech went into more detail, and best of all for fact-checkers, his campaign footnoted his sources in the transcript.
As he did at the convention, in that policy speech, Trump faulted the Clintons.
"At the center of this catastrophe are two trade deals pushed by Bill and Hillary Clinton," he said in Pennsylvania. "First, the North American Free Trade Agreement, or NAFTA. Second, China's entry into the World Trade Organization."
As we looked into Trump's words, we found that his numbers are fine. The impact of the trade deals on manufacturing, and his singling out of the Clintons, are more problematic.
By the way, while Hillary Clinton played no official role in either deal, in the past, she came down in favor of both them, even if she noted their failings.
The numbers
Bureau of Labor Statistics data show that manufacturing jobs dropped by about 30 percent between 1997 and 2016. About 17.4 million people worked in manufacturing at the start of the period. Today, their ranks have fallen to about 12.3 million.
Trump has his numbers right.
Impact of the trade deals
The North American Free Trade Agreement dates to 1994 and created an open trade zone across Mexico, the United States and Canada. The deal with China wasn't a trade agreement in the same way. Instead, in 2001, Congress cleared the path for China to become part of the World Trade Organization. That locked in lower tariffs, spurred investment in China and produced a lot more movement of goods.
While Trump regularly says that NAFTA sent jobs to Mexico, the net effect on all jobs, including manufacturing, is hard to pin down. In contrast, there's broad agreement that the change with China did cost America millions of jobs.
The Congressional Research Service, the nonpartisan think tank of Congress, concluded in 2015 that NAFTA likely had little impact on jobs one way or the other. That's generally the consensus view, although some economists think NAFTA did hurt American jobs.
On China, research by economists Justin Pierce at the Federal Reserve and Peter Schott at Yale University, suggests over 1 million jobs have been lost due to trade with China.
Trump has relied heavily on the research of Robert Scott, director of trade and manufacturing policy research at the Economic Policy Institute, to make his point. The institute isn't the sort of source traditionally used by Republicans. It supports a hefty increase in the minimum wage and higher taxes on the wealthy and corporations.
Scott estimates that America lost over 700,000 jobs to Mexico and about 2 million manufacturing jobs due to a rising trade deficit with China.
But Scott takes exception to Trump's use of his work.
"The story is complex, and certainly neither the Clinton's, nor trade deals alone, explain the loss of 5.3 million manufacturing jobs since 1998 when manufacturing employment peaked," Scott told us. "No one has adequately teased apart all of the causes."
In an op-ed, Scott listed several other factors that have hurt American workers, including the policies of the Federal Reserve, a stagnant minimum wage and a lack of public investment in infrastructure.
Martin Baily, a trade economist at the Brookings Institution, an academic center in Washington, puts even less stock in the impact of the two trade deals. He points to longer term trends.
"The share of manufacturing employment in total U.S. employment has been declining for at least 50 years and the rate of decline in that share did not accelerate either because of NAFTA or China," Baily said.
He told us that as much as Americans like their flat-screen TV and other goods, our demand for services like health care has grown faster. That has cut into manufacturing employment. And then, there's the impact of technology in factories.
"Productivity growth has meant that it takes fewer people to make the goods," Baily said.
So it's fair to say that NAFTA may or may not have reduced American manufacturing jobs (with the consensus falling on the side that it didn't), and that the China deal probably did.
But in no case do economists put the entire number of jobs lost on either of the trade deals.
Blaming the Clintons
The third part of Trump's claim is that the trade deals and their alleged failures are the fault of the Clintons.
This is another shaky part of Trump's claim. Scott at the Economic Policy Institute noted that "most of the votes needed to pass NAFTA in 1993 were provided by members of Trump's own party."
President Bill Clinton was certainly a supporter, but he had plenty of Republican help.
Susan Houseman, senior economist at the Upjohn Institute for Employment Research, a labor policy center in Michigan, said that manufacturing jobs grew in the years immediately following passage of NAFTA. It wasn't until the China deal that they fell rapidly. Houseman told us the details of that were worked out under President George W. Bush.
"The sharp drop in manufacturing jobs coincided with China's accession to the WTO in 2001, which in any event was supported by both Democratic and Republican administrations," Houseman said.
Our ruling
Trump said that America has lost about a third of its manufacturing jobs since 1997 after enactment of two trade deals supported by Bill and Hillary Clinton. Government figures show about a 30 percent decline in manufacturing jobs. Bill Clinton advocated for both deals. And while Hillary Clinton played no official role, she has spoken in favor of trade agreements.
But Trump's statement overlooks that manufacturing employment climbed after passage of NAFTA. The general consensus among economists is that overall, NAFTA has neither helped nor hurt American workers. There's broad agreement that China's entry to the WTO has come at the price of many American manufacturing jobs, with estimates ranging from about a million to over 2 million.
But that would be less than half of the manufacturing jobs lost that Trump talked about. Trump's focus on the Clintons also overlooks the key role played by Republicans. In naming the Clintons, he leaves out at least half of the picture.
There's a measure of truth in Trump's words, but he omits a lot of important information. We rate this claim Half True.
https://www.sharethefacts.co/share/874386ed-8192-432c-b8c0-2e23b3e98f4f
Turns out Turdblossom doesn't care much for Teabagger Christine O'Donnell, the newly-minted Republican candidate for US Senate in Delaware.
Oh, how it warms my heart to see wingnuts fight.
Speaking on Fox News Tuesday night after O'Donnell's victory was clear, Rove said the political newcomer does not “evince the characteristics of rectitude and sincerity and character that the voters are looking for,” adding “there are just a lot of nutty things she's been saying.“
Yes, plenty of nutty things – like tax cuts increase revenue, global warming and evolution are communist hoaxes, and you can cure people of teh gay.
Oh wait, that's what every Republican thinks.
Responding directly to those comments, O'Donnell told ABC that “everything that he is saying is unfactual.”
Newsflash!
Also, “unfactual”? Do all these wingnut women just naturally sound like The Quitter or is it something they practice at home?
EVA ULLMANN took her master's degree in 2002 on the part that humour has to play in psychotherapy, and became hooked on the subject. In 2005 she founded the German Institute for Humour in Leipzig. It is dedicated to “the combination of seriousness and humour”. She offers lectures, seminars and personal coaching to managers, from small firms to such corporate giants as Deutsche Bank and Telekom. Her latest project is to help train medical students and doctors.
There is nothing peculiarly German about humour training. It was John Morreall, an American, who showed that humour is a market segment in the ever-expanding American genre of self-help. In the past two decades, humour has gone global. An International Humour Congress was held in Amsterdam in 2000. And yet Germans know that the rest of the world considers them to be at a particular disadvantage.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The issue is not comedy, of which Germany has plenty. The late Vicco von Bülow, alias Loriot, delighted the elite with his mockery of German pretension and stiffness. Rhenish, Swabian and other regional flavours thrive—Gerhard Polt, a Bavarian curmudgeon, now 72, is a Shakespeare among them. There is lowbrow talent too, including Otto Waalkes, a Frisian buffoon. Most of this, however, is as foreigners always suspected: more embarrassing than funny.
Germans can often be observed laughing, uproariously. And they try hard. “They cannot produce good humour, but they can consume it,” says James Parsons, an Englishman teaching business English in Leipzig. He once rented a theatre and got students, including Mrs Ullmann, to act out Monty Python skits, which they did with enthusiasm. The trouble, he says, is that whereas the English wait deadpan for the penny to drop, Germans invariably explain their punchline.
At a deeper level, the problem has nothing do with jokes. What is missing is the trifecta of irony, overstatement and understatement in workaday conversations. Expats in Germany share soul-crushing stories of attempting a non-literal turn of phrase, to evoke a horrified expression in their German interlocutors and a detailed explanation of the literal meaning, followed by a retreat into awkward politeness.
Irony is not on the curriculum in Mrs Ullmann's classes. Instead she focuses mostly on the basics of humorous spontaneity and surprise. Demand is strong, she says. It is a typical German answer to a shortcoming: work harder at it.
An NPR article, published Sunday, laments “gender-segregated” sports, suggesting that separation of men and women in competitive sports be reconsidered in order to accommodate leftist notions of "gender" and "transgenderism."
“Biological differences [are] almost wholly dependent on levels of testosterone,” alleges NPR, suggesting that modern hormone manipulation offers an avenue for sexual transition.
Women wishing to be men can undergo testosterone supplementation for a “physical transition,” alleges NPR, suggesting that women can somehow become men through the administration of exogenous hormones.
Without evidence, NPR concludes that Caster Semenya — a world champion sprinter in women's competition — is a female, despite NPR's own reporting of Semenya being an intersex person:
For years, professional sports has struggled with the fact that biologically, not everyone fits into a "male" or "female" box. And not everyone's gender identity matches the physical body, genitalia, reproductive organs and chromosomes (or even set of hormones) they have. That's led to instances of "gender testing" and even suspending and banning female athletes who have naturally high testosterone levels, like South African runner Caster Semenya, and Indian sprinter Dutee Chand, even though testosterone doesn't automatically make you a gifted athlete (see: most men in the world).
caster_semenya.jpg
Caster Semenya at the 2012 Summer Olympics.
NPR also denies gender dimorphism as a biological reality among humans, alleging the existence of “varied gender identities”:
Today, Browne's decision to stick with the NWHL, even though he had to delay hormone therapy, shows how even the most gender segregated arenas are attempting to make room for varied gender identities — but it also shows that there are no easy solutions.
NPR enjoys non-profit status with the IRS while receiving federal grants for its news media operations.
Democrats and the broader left regularly frame gender as a social construct ungrounded from biology, further casting gender as “nonbinary” and somehow existing on a spectrum.
Follow Robert Kraychik on Twitter.
MOSCOW--The Russian ruble continued its advance in early trade Thursday, hitting levels last seen in late December.
The ruble has been in recovery mode for more than two months but its strengthening accelerated recently as demand waned for dollars and euros needed to repay debt. Households also started selling hard currencies they bought in late 2014.
The ruble gained 2% to 52.56 versus the dollar as of 0826 GMT, its strongest since Dec. 25. Versus the euro, the ruble firmed by 2.4% to 56.45, a level last seen on Nov. 25.
The once-battered Russian currency is enjoying inflows thanks to the central bank's key rate of 14%, which is far above dollar and euro rates and so offers an opportunity for carry trade. With prices for oil--Russia's key export--stabilizing close to $60 per barrel, some players are closing their short positions on the ruble.
"We stick with our view that technical factors are currently playing the key role in the forex market as mainly international accounts cover their dollar/ruble longs opened weeks before around 60.0 levels," VTB Capital said in a note.
"Predicting to what point that activity could take the market would be walking on thin ice, given relatively low liquidity on the bid, since imports remain subdued, while the peak of external debt payments has passed in the first quarter," VTB said.
Month-end taxes, which kick in next week, may provide additional support for the ruble. But the more the ruble recovers, the greater the risks that it may depreciate again if news flow turns negative, ING Bank said in a research note.
Write to Andrey Ostroukh at andrey.ostroukh@wsj.com
Our Customizable Draft Finder lets you slice and dice the draft in more ways than you can imagine.
Supplemental Draft Table Misc Approx Val Passing Rushing Receiving Rnd Pick Tm Player Pos Age To AP1 PB St CarAV DrAV G Cmp Att Yds TD Int Att Yds TD Rec Yds TD Int Sk College/Univ 1 1 NYG Dave Brown QB 22 2001 0 0 3 27 26 73 892 1634 10248 44 58 192 669 7 0 0 0 Duke College Stats Rnd Pick Tm Player Pos Age To AP1 PB St CarAV DrAV G Cmp Att Yds TD Int Att Yds TD Rec Yds TD Int Sk College/Univ 2 2 KAN Darren Mickell DE 22 2001 0 0 3 28 13 89 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 26.0 Florida
Among all of the surreal events that have occurred so far in the 2012 election, we haven't seen Jon Stewart get quite as worked up as he did on Monday night's "Daily Show" over something Newt Gingrich said at last Thursday's debate in South Carolina.
When CNN moderator John King began the debate by asking Gingrich about his second wife's accusations that he wanted an open marriage, Gingrich responded with an attack on the moderator himself. He said King's decision to ask a Presidential candidate about such matters was, "as close to despicable as anything [he] can imagine."
"I think you've got a pretty good imagination, 'despicability' wise," Stewart responded, in reference to the presidential candidate's well-documented past of leaving sick wives. At this point, Stewart was exasperated over Gingrich's audacious response as well as John King's failure to call him out on it. Stewart explained, quite hysterically, why it made him as frustrated as it did:
"All [King] has to do is point out the hypocrisy of a family values crusader who presided over Congress at the time of the Republicans' 'Clinton penis scavenger hunt' suddenly finding that kind of questioning of a Presidential candidate unseemly! Point out that [Gingrich] insists that gay people would sully the sanctity of marriage -- whilst being a career marriage sully-er!"
Stewart's blood pressure didn't exactly drop for the rest of the segment, appropriately dubbed "How The Newt Gingrich Stole South Carolina," especially after he moved on to talk about Gingrich's claims of being a "Washington Outsider" despite being a former Speaker of the House and Freddie Mac consultant -- not to mention a wealthy D.C. resident.
"When Washington gets its prostate checked, it tickles you!" Stewart joked.
It is hard to quarrel with Michael Ignatieff's analysis. Indeed, it's unassailable. Had the opposition parties succeeded last fall in their plan to oust the Conservatives and form a coalition government in their place, the Liberal leader argues, it would have caused irreparable harm to Canadian unity. The coalition, he told a gathering in Montreal last weekend, would have “profoundly and durably divided the country.”
“There was also a question concerning the legitimacy of the coalition that troubled me,” he confided. While perfectly legal, it would nonetheless have struck many Canadians, coming so soon after an election in which the Liberals had suffered their worst defeat since Confederation, as if they and their coalition partners had “in some sense or another stolen power.”
Moreover, it would have been very difficult to assure the country of the certainty and stability it needed in a time of crisis “with three partners in a formal coalition,” he said, likening it, CP reports, to a rickety three-legged stool. “That was my first doubt. I couldn't guarantee the long-term stability of the coalition.”
Especially when, as he told an interviewer back in March, one of the partners was a separatist party. “I could be sitting here as your prime minister, but . . . I didn't think it was right for someone who believes in the national unity of my country to make a deal with people who want to split the country up.”
So let's see: the coalition was divisive, illegitimate, unstable, and wrong—a formal pact with a separatist party that would have guaranteed them, in the words of the accord to which the three opposition leaders affixed their signatures, a “permanent consultation mechanism” in the government of Canada. Or pretty much what all of the coalition's critics said at the time.
Except, that is, for Michael Ignatieff. At the time, he vowed his support for the coalition, explicitly, publicly, and repeatedly. At the time, he said, “I stand at one with other parliamentary colleagues in believing that we need to present the alternative of a coalition.” At the time, he said the coalition “provides responsible economic leadership in tough times.” At the time, he said Canadians should not fear the Bloc Québécois' role in the coalition. He even signed a formal petition to the Governor General, assuring her that the coalition represented “a viable alternative government.”
Ignatieff was not the Liberal leader at the time, of course. But the then-leader, Stéphane Dion, had already announced his departure. And Ignatieff was the clear favourite to replace him, with the support of at least two-thirds of the Liberal caucus. Many in the party, moreover, were skittish of formally aligning themselves with the NDP and the Bloc, if not outright opposed. So there can be little doubt that, had Ignatieff come out against the coalition, it would not have happened. He could have stopped it, cold. But he didn't.
Instead, the job fell to Stephen Harper. The Prime Minister had reasons of his own, of course, to object to the coalition taking power, and went to extraordinary lengths to prevent it, including asking the Governor General to prorogue Parliament—a measure that itself stretched the bounds of democratic legitimacy. But Harper also had to fight the battle for public opinion, which he did with gusto. What arguments did he make? The same arguments Ignatieff is making today: that the coalition was illegitimate, divisive, unstable and, above all, an unconscionable gift to the separatists—one that would have set precedents, raised expectations and elevated the Bloc's prestige to new heights.
And it is for making the latter argument—that it was wrong to take into the counsels of the government of Canada a party devoted to its destruction—rather than proroguing, that the Prime Minister has taken the most heat, not only then but ever since: from editorialists, from the great and the good, and not least from Michael Ignatieff, all of whom accuse him of having put the unity of the country at risk with his “Quebec-bashing” rhetoric. Why, just the other day, in his address to the Liberal convention, Ignatieff was excoriating the Prime Minister for having “unleashed a national unity crisis” to save his government.
Yet so far as it was a national unity crisis, it was one Ignatieff did more than his share to bring on. If he did not set it in motion, he certainly had the power to stop it; whatever Harper may have done, it was only in consequence of what Ignatieff did not do. Yet Harper, who showed leadership in the crisis, is sinking fast in the polls. And Ignatieff, who showed none, is atop. Such are the wages of hypocrisy.
The irony, of course, is that had Harper not acted as he did—had his government been defeated, had the coalition pressed ahead with its plan—the situations might very well be reversed. It is far from clear that the Governor General would have called upon the coalition in the event of Harper's defeat: indeed, given what we now know about Ignatieff's misgivings, she would have been right to reject the disingenuous advice he then offered her.
And if the coalition had formed a government? Then it would almost certainly have collapsed, probably within weeks—though not before it had caused great harm to the country, and very likely the destruction of the Liberal party. How can I be so sure? I have it on the highest authority.
PHILADELPHIA — People who are looking for a set pattern to the Orlando Magic's playing rotation won't find a pattern.
Although coach Scott Skiles prefers to stick with a set starting lineup as long as the starters remain effective, Skiles so far has varied his substitutions based on how players are performing and on matchups.
His decision to bench starters Elfrid Payton, Victor Oladipo, Evan Fournier, Tobias Harris and Dewayne Dedmon simultaneously early in the third quarter Friday night occurred after they played poorly and allowed the Toronto Raptors to go on an 18-4 run. Skiles brought in Shabazz Napier, C.J. Watson, Mario Hezonja, Aaron Gordon and Jason Smith. That quintet ended the Raptors' run, and Skiles ultimately subbed all of his starters back into the game except Payton.
The Magic beat the Raptors 92-87.
"I don't think we have the type of team that's going to have a set rotation," Skiles said. "There isn't much difference between our starters and our bench players until people emerge.
Scott Skiles discusses the Orlando Magic's 105-97 win over the Philadelphia 76ers Scott Skiles discusses the Orlando Magic's 105-97 win over the Philadelphia 76ers SEE MORE VIDEOS
"I know that's a common kind of fan thought, too [that coaches want a set rotation]. But every coach that I know would tell you that the team will show you a rotation, if it's there, by their performance. You'll have two or three guys that are consistent; they're typically your big-minute players. But then everything kind of filters down from there."
Skiles' lack of set substitution patterns deviates drastically from the way his predecessor, Jacque Vaughn, managed his playing rotation. Vaughn employed a more rigid structure, but Vaughn also had less depth to work with than Skiles has.
Elfrid Payton discusses the Orlando Magic's 105-97 win over the Philadelphia 76ers Elfrid Payton discusses the Orlando Magic's 105-97 win over the Philadelphia 76ers SEE MORE VIDEOS
During Wednesday night's overtime loss in Houston, Skiles extended Gordon's playing time to 32 minutes Gordon because was playing well and because Gordon had scored on putbacks, hit the offensive boards and played energetic defense.
"He's a player's coach," Gordon said. "So if you're playing well and you're doing the right things, he's going to leave you out there. There's no politics; nothing like that. He's looking to win the game. He's looking to put the best players that are performing that night out on the floor."
Vooch update
Nik Vucevic sat out the Magic's game Saturday night against the Philadelphia 76ers. It was his second consecutive missed game because of a bone bruise in his right knee.
Vucevic hasn't done any on-court work since he suffered the injury Wednesday, but team medical staff have treated the injury with electrical stimulation and ice.
He continues to feel pain when he walks.
"It's getting better," Vucevic said. "It's not as sore and painful today."
Vucevic watched the Magic's victory over the Raptors from the bench.
Vucevic said: "It's annoying that you can't be out there with your teammates, especially when it's a close game like it was yesterday and everybody gets so pumped and the whole crowd is in it, and you've got to stand by the side and wave your towel. But then it's part of the job we do. I will try to help my team in any way I can while I'm out by talking to them, telling them stuff that I see."
Layups
• The Magic entered Saturday ranked 13th in defensive efficiency, holding opponents to 98.2 points per 100 possessions.
• The Magic ranked 23rd in offensive efficiency, scoring 97.2 points per 100 possessions.
jrobbins@orlandosentinel.com. Read his blog at OrlandoSentinel.com/magicblog and follow him on Twitter at @JoshuaBRobbins.
Rapid7 created a $100,000 investment fund to support up to seven promising open source projects in the security industry. The “Magnificent7” projects will be identified and supported through the remainder of 2011 and into 2012.
Any security-related open source project – with a preference for BSD-compatible licensing – is applicable and encouraged to submit a “Magnificent7” application.
After the Rapid7 program committee reviews all initial proposals, promising projects will be chosen to participate in the second round of application, taking place at the UNITED Security Summit, where they will be granted a 45-minute presentation and in-person Q&A session with the Rapid7 committee.
During their pitch, participants will be judged based on several criteria including a working demonstration of the software and the caliber of their project roadmap.
Selected recipient(s) for the first funding phase will be announced following the UNITED Security Summit and the second round will open for submissions in Q1 2012.
To submit a nomination for Magnificent7 funding consideration, please visit the Rapid7 Community website for details and guidelines and email the submission to oss@rapid7.com. All first round submissions are due by September 9, 2011.
TAVARES – Police said a toddler playing outside was grazed by a bullet during a drive-by shooting Tuesday night in Tavares.
The child was in the 500 block of West Rosewood Lane when multiple shots were fired from a passing car, according to Cpl. Sarah Coursey, Tavares police spokeswoman.
The 2-year-old girl, Sy'mia Pierce, was taken to Florida Hospital Waterman with what police described as a "minor" wound to her lower back. She was released from the hospital later Tuesday night, according to mother Tiffany Collins.
The incident occurred at Rosewood Homes off of Dead River Road, where bullet holes were visible on the front of Collins' apartment and a neighbor's residence.
Collins said the child's father and another woman wanted to come early Tuesday to get his dog but Collins would not give it back. An argument ensued, and when Collins saw the woman later, she threw a cup of water on her car.
Collins said the woman later texted her to let her know she was on the way.
Collins brought her daughter outside and they got in her truck. The mother started texting as the child played in the back seat. She said the woman and others drove by her apartment a couple of times and backed in to park. Gunfire reportedly erupted from the car, and bullets struck a truck and home.
“I didn't know she was going to come back and shoot,” said Collins, holding her child's hand in front of their apartment Wednesday morning.
One bullet grazed the child, leaving a small pink wound that was bandaged up Wednesday morning. She is expected to make a full recovery.
“It was so disrespectful. We could have just fought or something,” Collins said. “I'm ready for justice, for them to go to jail.”
Sy'mia was shy in front of the media Wednesday morning but didn't appear to be in pain from the wound.
Police said Wednesday that they have located the vehicle involved in the shooting. Coursey identified a man nicknamed “Shooter” as a person of interest.
Anyone with information is asked to call Tavares police at 352-742-6300 or Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477.
TAVARES – Police said a toddler playing outside was hit during a drive-by shooting Tuesday night in Tavares.
The child was in the 500 block of West Rosewood Lane when multiple shots were fired from the car, according to Cpl. Sarah Coursey, Tavares police spokeswoman.
The 2-year-old girl, Sy'mia Pierce, was taken to Florida Hospital Waterman with a "minor" wound to the far right side of her lower back. She was released from the hospital later Tuesdaynight, according to mother Tiffany Collins.
The incident occurred at Rosewood Homes off of Dead River Road, where bullet holes could be seen on the front of Collin's apartment and a neighbor's residence.
Collins said the child's father and another mother of the man's child wanted to come early Tuesday to get his dog but she would not give it back. An argument ensued and when Collins saw the woman later, she threw a cup of water on her car.
Collins said the woman later texted her to let her know she was on the way. Collins added the woman and other people in a different car then drove by her apartment a couple times and backed in to park.
“I didn't know she was going to come back and shoot,” said Collins, holding her child's hand in front of their apartment Wednesday morning.
Collins then brought her daughter outside and they got in her truck. The mother started texting as the child played in the back seat.
Collins said that's when bullets were fired from the car, with some going in the truck and home.
The bullet grazed the child in the side of her stomach, which left a small pink wound that was bandaged up Wednesday morning. She is expected to make a full recovery.
“It was so disrespectful, we could have just fought or something,” Collins said. “I'm ready for justice, for them to go to jail.”
Sy'mia was shy towards the media Wednesday morning, cried “oww” when her mother removed the bandage, but didn't appear to be hurting from the wound.
Police said Wednesday that they have located the vehicle involved in the shooting. Coursey identified a nicked named “Shooter” as a person of interest, but it was clear if police had found him by Wednesday morning.
Anyone with information is asked to call Tavares police at 352-742-6300 or Crimeline at 1-800-423-8477.
By Alper Ali Riza
The European Union has many problems on its plate at the moment. The prospects of a British exit from the EU and a Greek exit from the euro zone are the most pressing; deteriorating relations with Russia over Ukraine, the most dangerous and important historically; and there is of course the perennial Cyprus business, which is not going to set the world on fire, although it is a bit of a nuisance.
Whoever said of Cypriot politicians that ‘having realised that Cyprus could not be a great power they decided to become a great nuisance,' was not being unfair.
The possibility of Brexit and Grexit – the nomenclature favoured by financial journalists – is the result of a tension that exists between domestic democracy and the obligation to respect the rules of international bodies like the EU. The electorate in each state voted for parties that promised to renegotiate the rules of the game. In each case the club is not really happy to accommodate such mandates and consequently Britain may leave the EU altogether and Greece the euro zone. Or will they?
The political conundrum that arises is: what should happen when political parties win power on electoral platforms that are not compatible with their country's obligations to the EU?
According to a German commentator, such governments should never be accommodated at all ‘pour decoureger les autres'. According to this approach it is utterly irresponsible for political parties to make promises the implementation of which depends on basic treaty changes which other states do not want, as in the case of Britain, or at huge expense to the tax payers of other states, as in the case of Greece, and politicians should be discouraged from making such promises.
In the absence of political union it is obviously undemocratic for the electorate of one state to impose on the electorates of other states. However, this is also a powerful argument for closer political union involving fiscal and budgetary as well as monetary union, since if the EU were politically united like the USA the issue would not arise.
Britain is dead against such political union. Indeed she encouraged enlargement eastwards in the hope of forestalling political union. There is, it has to be said, a certain poetic justice in Britain being swamped by migrants from East Europe which has not been lost on many federalists in Brussels, whose schadenfreude at Britain's expense is understandable. Britain will have to bite the bullet in the referendum in 2017 and decide either to stop being such an awkward spoil sport or leave the EU altogether.
Scotland, Wales, the City of London, and most people in Britain under the age of 40 will probably vote to remain and everyone will live happily ever after as part of one big European family. A fudge here and a compromise there will do the trick because as everyone in the Conservative party knows euro-phobia in
Britain is more a condition that afflicts their members of parliament rather than most of the people.
As for Greece, in the end the likelihood is that her government will choose to stay in the euro zone.
After all the Syriza government was not given a mandate to fight austerity to the point of leaving the euro zone, as indeed the Greek Economics Minister told the BBC the other day. Where the Greek government has been at fault is not so much in asking for Greece's debts to be rescheduled or forgiven, which can happen in extreme circumstances to any country; indeed paradoxically it happened to Germany shortly after World War II.
The Greek government's mistake is in appearing not to take seriously a basic principle of economic life: that no system based on exchange of promises works unless making and keeping promises is taken seriously.
Being ‘dedicated followers of fashion' and going cap in hand with bravado and braggadocio, as the leaders of Syriza do while Athens haemorrhages financially, is a bit like playing the violin while Rome burnt!
Ukraine on the other hand is a problem wholly of the EU's making. It was caused by an alliance of unreconstructed American cold war warriors and anti-Russian fanatics in Brussels, mostly from Russia's former satellite states, which is costing everyone billions in masochist sanctions not to mention the trouble and expense of a new Cold War. Russia is a European country with a cultural, literary and musical heritage up there with the best in Europe!
The raison d'être of the EU according to its founding fathers Jean Monnet and Robert Schuman was to avoid war in Europe by making it ‘as unthinkable as materially impossible'. Imposing sanctions on Russia is inconsistent with this founding principle of material interdependence which applies generally across the whole continent of Europe, not just to Germany and France.
The whole of South Europe, for whom sanctions against Russia have been particularly deleterious, must stand up and be counted in the Councils of Europe so as to make sure this madness is not renewed in August when these idiotic sanctions are due for renewal. There must be some fudge and compromise better than this madness!
The existence of the Cyprus problem ten years after Cyprus joined the EU is an absurd state of affairs also, although, to be fair, unlike Ukraine, the EU is not to blame. The principle that it was wrong for the Turkish side to have the ultimate say on whether Cyprus joined the EU, coupled with the possible exercise by Greece of her power to bloc enlargement of the EU in East Europe, enabled Cyprus to join by promising to support the UN plan to solve the problem in any referendum rather than solving it first. In the event this did not happen and Cyprus joined without solving her problem.
In legal terms this meant that the EU legal regime had to be temporarily suspended in the areas of Cyprus inhabited by Turkish Cypriots, known in legal jargon as areas in which the Republic of Cyprus does not have effective control. This was necessary because under the Treaty of Accession the whole of Cyprus joined the EU in anticipation of a solution which failed to materialise
This was done by Protocol 10 attached to the Treaty of Accession afterwards which will cease to have effect once there is a comprehensive settlement or it becomes clear that there is no realistic prospect of a comprehensive settlement. The first scenario appears in terms from the Protocol itself. The second follows by necessary implication having regard to the aim and purpose of the Treaty of Accession and the Protocol which was for the whole of Cyprus to join. The second scenario needs to be spelt out to the electorate on both sides by the EU before a further referendum is held, to enable them to take into account the legal consequences of deciding to vote for or against a settlement.
Thus, for the Turkish Cypriots rejecting a settlement will not mean that they can go it alone and remain EU citizens with the freedom to live work study and settle anywhere in the EU. One of the criticisms of the Scottish Nationalists during the referendum campaign in September 2014 was that they were unwilling to accept that if Scotland left the UK she would have to re-apply to join, which is what the Turkish Cypriots would have to do if they broke from RoC.
For the Greek Cypriots, rejecting a settlement would mean that the EU will work out a way of assimilating the EU legal order with all its incidents and benefits in the area inhabited by Turkish Cypriots, even if it remains outside the effective control of the Republic of Cyprus. This is how the EU works: by fudge and compromise.
Alper Ali Reza is Queen's Counsel and part time judge in the UK
by hrj on
A new version of gngr is available (version 0.3.0) with improvements to usability and to the javascript engine. The release is available from the download page.
Changes
Context menu
You can right-click on the page to get a context menu that allows you to
navigate back, forward or reload the current page
open Links and Images in a new window
copy Link or Image URLs to clipboard
Issue #30.
Nimbus Look and Feel
The browser now uses a different look and feel called Nimbus. Earlier, gngr defaulted to the System Look and Feel, which didn't render menus very well. Issue #70.
Javascript stability
We fixed a long standing bug with the Javascript engine. It was a hard to reproduce, non-terminating loop that required ugly hacks to workaround. But with this release, we were able to find the root-cause and make a proper fix. The resulting code is cleaner and Javascript execution is a little faster. This will pave the way for many DOM APIS and other Javscript related improvements. Details in #29.
Layout improvements
CSS class match order was not correct #53
support for monospace font family #55
horizontal rules are now rendered nicely #33
whitespace in <pre> tags was not preserved #5
Miscellaneous
Fixed an exception on Win7, when browsing to secure websites. #10
Contributions
If you would like to support the development of gngr, please consider contributing to the project.
Hallo Sigmar,
ich habe ein Problem.
Ich bin Admin der größten SPD-Gruppe auf Facebook mit über 8200 Mitgliedern, daneben Herausgeber dieser Website, Deine SPD, mit 120.000 Besuchen jährlich. Das mag im Vergleich zu den Zahlen der offiziellen SPD nicht gerade beeindruckend wirken, trotzdem: hier bei uns trifft sich deutschlandweit die Basis, online.
Ich bin seit 20 Jahren in der SPD, ich habe Schröder unterstützt und stand bei seinen Wahlsiegen als Wahlhelfer im Lokal. Frank-Walter Steinmeier habe ich unterstützt. Peer Steinbrück habe ich unterstützt.
Dich kann ich leider nicht unterstützen.
Dabei geht es mir weniger um das Inhaltliche – bei TTIP halte ich deine Vorgehensweise für richtig, bei anderen Themen bin ich nicht deiner Meinung. Das ist nichts Ungewöhnliches, die SPD ist nun mal kein Abnickverein, sondern eine lebendige Partei, in der gern diskutiert wird.
Nein, ich habe ein Problem mit deinem Zickzack-Kurs. Und der Art und Weise, wie du unsere SPD in der Öffentlichkeit darstellst.
Beispiel Pegida: Deine Generalsekretärin verbittet sich jeden Umgang mit diesen braunen Gestalten – Du gehst zu einer Veranstaltung der bpb in Sachsen. Rein formal zwar keine Pegida-Veranstaltung, trotzdem bleibt bei den Leuten hängen: Sigmar war bei Pegida. Und: die Partei weiß nicht, was sie eigentlich will.
Resultat: verheerend.
Beispiel VDS: Bundesjustizminister Heiko Maas macht eine hervorragende Figur, indem er konstatiert: „Die EU-Richtlinie, auf der der Koalitionsvertrag beruht, ist durch die beiden Urteile des EUGh und des BVerfG hinfällig. Wir werden keine Versuche unternehmen, eine VDS in einem nationalen Alleingang einzuführen.“ Weiterhin: „Ich wehre mich entschieden gegen die anlasslose Speicherung von Daten.“ Echo: durchweg positiv. Die SPD wird als Bürgerrechtspartei wahrgenommen. Zieht sogar liberale Stimmen an. Am Wochenende, an dem leider durchsickerte, daß du selbst nicht mehr an einen Gewinn der Wahl '17 glaubst, gibst du die Order per Interview aus: „Wir führen die VDS ein.“
Heiko Maas ad absurdum geführt. Am Ende: 11 Landesverbände ignoriert, der SPD eine unwahrscheinlich miese Presse verschafft.
In den nächsten drei Monaten erheben sich über 100 SPD-Gliederungen, unterstützen einen Antrag von D64, die soeben erwähnten elf Landesverbände schließen sich dem an – und der Parteikonvent winkt die VDS durch. Bei den Leuten bleibt nach drei Monaten Medienbeschallung hängen: „SPD + VDS, das gehört zusammen.“ Seitdem kenne ich nicht wenige überzeugte Sozialdemokraten, die sogar in Landesvertretungen, Unterbezirken und als Mitarbeiter für Landtagsabgeordnete und MdBs arbeiten, die sagen: „Wofür mache ich das alles noch?“
Lieber Sigmar: das sind keine Berufsquerulanten. Das sind die Leute, die diese Partei tragen. Das sind die, die Wahlkämpfe organisieren. Das ist das Rückgrat unserer Partei. Das jetzt keine Lust mehr auf einen Bundestagswahlkampf 2017 hat. „SPD im Land: JA. SPD in der Gemeinde: JA. SPD im Bund? NIE.“ ist da die Sprachregelung.
Oder auch:
Bundes-SPD: GGG: Ganz große Grütze
Landes-SPD (Bavaria): GG: Große Grütze
Ortsverein: G: Geil.
Resultat, nach außen, und vor allem, nach innen: verheerend. Wie willst du einen Wahlkampf machen, wenn keiner mehr mitmacht? Mit Drohnen? Die Flyer automatisch verteilen?
Die „Fußsoldaten“ können deine Schwenks niemandem mehr vor Ort erklären. Auch ich werde mich nicht für Wahlkampfstände hergeben, wo wir wegen deines Zickzackkurses zu Recht in Grund und Boden kritisiert werden. Wenn man als Basis keine Argumente für die VDS hat, weil dieser Beschluss dem eigenen Selbstverständnis diametral zuwiderläuft – ja, dann bringt es nichts, sich dafür blöd anmachen zu lassen. Oder dem Bürger, der da mit seiner Kritik steht, rechtzugeben.
Du gewinnst Wahlen nur MIT der Partei. Nicht GEGEN sie.
Allein die Tatsache, #digitalleben als Jahreslosung auszurufen und dann die VDS zu beschließen, ist ein bemerkenswerter Akt. Und dann das „Digitale Grundsatzprogramm“ eine Woche nach dem verheerenden VDS-Beschluss anfangen, zu diskutieren – Wer macht bei euch im Willy-Brandt-Haus eigentlich die Terminierung?
Beispiel: Griechenland. Als erstes begrüßt du das Referendum, dann findest du es vollkommen unsinnig. Um nach dem „Oxi“-Resultat vorzupreschen und gleich mal zu konstatieren, daß sich die Griechen selbst abgeschossen haben – mehr oder weniger. Einen Tag später stehen die Türen für Verhandlungen weiter offen.
Ja, Sigmar, jetzt mal ehrlich: Was willst du eigentlich? Weißt du, was du tust? Zwischendrin sollen wir bis 2025 patriotischer werden – ist dir bewusst, daß mit einer deutschnationalen Haltung (denn viele nehmen das „patriotisch“ so wahr) Widerspruch in der SPD programmiert ist? Daß sich viele einfach in solchen Phrasen nicht wiederfinden können?
Greifst du zum Telefon und fragst mal vor Ort nach, wie die Lage ist?
Ist dir bewusst, daß hier in Schleswig-Holstein die SPD ein durchweg linkes, soziales, dennoch realistisches und vernünftiges Programm vertritt – und damit Erfolg hat? Das gelingt auch in Hamburg.
Kurzum: Hast du deinen Laden noch im Griff? Also mehr als die Delegierten des Parteikonvents? Und die Werbeabteilung des Willy-Brandt-Hauses?
Mich erreichen viele Mails, viele Zuschriften, die sagen: „Gabriel macht die SPD zu einer CDU 2.0 – aber das wird nicht klappen, die Leute werden das Original wählen.“ – „Der macht die Partei kaputt.“ Das sind nicht wenige, die es aber nie zum Parteikonvent schaffen. Die aber Stadt- und Kreisräte sind, Bürgermeister und lokale Verbandsvorsitzende. Und die deshalb in deiner Wirklichkeit nicht existieren. Oft transportieren die: „Mir hat einer gesagt: ihr hier vor Ort seid wenigstens noch richtige Sozialdemokraten. Im Bund sind das ja nur noch Christdemokraten mit rotem Umhang.“
Viele Ortsvereinsvorsitzende kommen gar nicht mehr dazu, SPD-Politik zu erklären: sie müssen deine letzten Volten irgendwie erklären. Und haben immer weniger Lust darauf. Das ist alarmierend. Wenn konstruktive Arbeit nicht mehr möglich ist, weil sie vom Parteivorstand zerstört wird – wo ist da die Linie?
Riskier‘ mal einen Blick über den Tellerrand. Geh‘ dahin, wo es mieft und stinkt.
Wir werden als Partei nur Erfolg haben, wenn wir konsequent und verlässlich bessere, alternative Standpunkte zur CDU/CSU deutlich machen. Und das müssen Standpunkte sein, die jedes Mitglied im Schlaf runterbeten kann. Denn die sind es, die Wahlsiege überhaupt erst möglich machen.
Wir gewinnen nichts, indem wir uns bis zur Unkenntlichkeit angleichen und in vorauseilendem Gehorsam Dinge wie die VDS an die Backe heften.
• Ein soziales Europa
• Solidarität
• Gerechte Besteuerung
• „Niemand wird zurückgelassen.“
• Den Leuten zuhören. Und sie sanft in unsere Richtung führen.
• Kein undifferenziertes Nachplappern rechter Parolen.
… das wären Punkte, die uns nach vorne bringen würden.
Mister Zickzack: mit deinem derzeitigen Kurs, der eher die SPD verstört als mitnimmt, mit diesem Politikverständnis wirst du nie Kanzler.
Der Wähler wählt in erster Linie nach Gefühl. Die wenigsten sind „political animals“, die 20+ Tageszeitungen lesen und über Kita-Gebührenordnungen referieren können.
Die Leute lesen morgens an der Bushaltestelle die BILD-Schlagzeilen. Tagsüber sind sie mit ihrem Leben beschäftigt, abends Facebook, und, wenn's hoch kommt, noch die Tagesschau.
Die laufen im Herbst 2017 in's Wahllokal und wählen die Persönlichkeit, bei der sie sich aufgehoben fühlen. Und das wird Angela Merkel sein.
Und ich überlege es mir, ehrlich gesagt, auch.
Nicht, daß ich mit ihr politisch irgendwo übereinstimme – aber dieses Land gehört verlässlich regiert. Das sehe ich bei einem, der unnötige Debatten lostritt, die der eigenen Partei schaden, der im Tagesverlauf seine Meinung wechselt, über den Mitarbeiter den Kopf schütteln („Gabriel ist wie ein Clown, von dem man weiß, daß er sich gleich wieder in der Manage spektakulär im nächsten Fettnäpfchen versenkt“), nicht. Die unabdingbare Verlässlichkeit für diesen nationalen Topjob. Weder die SPD noch Deutschland ist ein Spielball für Egotrips.
Ich möchte niemanden als Kanzler haben, der seine Meinung im Gegensatz zu seiner Partei artikuliert – und sich daran freut, die eigenen Leute zu verunsichern. Dem es offenbar Spaß macht, nach gewonnenen Abstimmungen Kabinettsmitglieder vor der Presse runterzuputzen. Der rechthaberisch auftritt, und Politik von oben herab macht – anstatt alle mitzunehmen. Schröder war als Kanzler anstrengend – aber er hatte eine Linie, und er war RegierungsCHEF. Da kann man ab und an poltern.
Wer aber sogar in der eigenen Partei unnötige Gräben aufreißt, wer so verheerend mit der SPD umgeht – wie regiert der erst Deutschland?
Bitte. ändere. das.
Dringend.
Björn Uhde
Zusatz: Nach der fürchterlichen Einigung im Grexit-Streit kann ich keinesfalls eine Kanzlerin und ihren „Finanzminister“ unterstützen, die nach dem Prinzip „Deutschland zuerst“ Europapolitik machen. Meine Heimat Europa verzockt mir diese Kanzlerin so nicht.
Senator Orrin Hatch (R-UT), the co-chair of the Senate Finance Committee, questions witnesses during testimony in Washington May 21, 2013. REUTERS/Gary Cameron
U.S. senators said on Thursday they could present a bipartisan bill to move trade deals quickly through Congress as soon as later in the day after reaching agreement on aid for workers hurt by trade.
Republican Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch, a Republican, said the legislation, key to closing a 12-nation Pacific trade pact, could be unveiled in the early afternoon.
“We're working toward that goal,” he said at a committee hearing on trade, attended by top administration officials.
Hatch and the panel's top Democrat, Ron Wyden, said they agreed that fast track legislation and a bill to extend support for workers hurt by trade would move in parallel.
“An agreement must include not only trade promotion authority, but other vital issues like trade adjustment assistance and enforcement,” Wyden said.
“The train absolutely must be on parallel tracks.”
Hatch said he recognized that support and retraining of workers whose jobs are lost due to trade are necessary to secure Democrat support and ensure a fair vote.
Fast track authority restricts Congress to a yes-or-no vote on trade deals in exchange for setting negotiating objectives, laying out how much information is available on draft texts and other ground rules for negotiators.
Introducing the bill this week would send a positive signal about the Trans-Pacific Partnership ahead of a planned visit to Washington in late April by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe.
Japan and other TPP partners have said having fast track – which gives trading partners certainty agreements will not be picked apart – is vital.
U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman told the hearing having fast track would allow the Obama administration to move forward with trade deals.
But the bill faces opposition from some conservative Republicans opposed to delegating power to the White House and Democrats worried about the impact on jobs and the environment.
Chuck Schumer, tipped to become the Senate's Democratic leader after the 2016 elections, said it was not fair to rush such an important issue and that he opposes fast track.
Unions said they would launch an advertising campaign to pressure senators and members of Congress to oppose fast track, starting with digital ads but possibly expanding to TV, radio and newspapers.
“These ads – which follow months of rallies, congressional meetings and unprecedented grassroots activities – will remind politicians that the trade debate is enormously important to working families,” Richard Trumka, president of the AFL-CIO, said in a statement.
Wyden said opponents of trade deals had valid arguments, but urged Democratic colleagues to consider the legislation carefully.
(Reporting by Krista Hughes; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Digimon: The Movie is a 2000 American-Japanese film adaptation produced by Toei Animation and distributed by 20th Century Fox as part of the Digimon franchise. The film used footage from the short films Digimon Adventure (1999), Digimon Adventure: Children's War Game![2] (2000), and Digimon Adventure 02: Digimon Hurricane Landing!! / Transcendent Evolution!! The Golden Digimentals (2000).
Digimon: The Movie had cut more than 40 minutes of scenes from the individual Japanese films to save time and introduced several changes in tone, dialogue, and plot.[3] Owing to the number of changes made, it is considered an original work by press.[4]
Plot [ edit ]
Angela Anaconda [ edit ]
Angela Anaconda and her friends line up to watch Digimon: The Movie, but Nannette and her friends have passes and cut in line. As Angela saves seats for her friends, Mrs. Brinks sits in front of her, blocking her view. Angela imagines herself Digivolving[a] into Angelamon to defeat Mrs. Brinks and Nannette. However, the audience realizes they are in the wrong movie, so they leave to go to the correct theater, leaving Mrs. Brinks and Nannette behind.
Eight Years Ago [ edit ]
In Highton View Terrace, Tai and Kari find a Digi-Egg from their computer, which hatches and rapidly Digivolves into Agumon. A second Digi-Egg appears in the sky to reveal a Parrotmon. As the neighborhood watches, Agumon Digivolves to Greymon to fight but loses the battle. When Tai wakes Greymon with Kari's whistle, he defeats Parrotmon and disappears with him.
Four Years Later [ edit ]
Izzy discovers an infected Digi-egg on the Internet. While Tai and Izzy monitor it, Kuramon hatches from the Digi-egg and Digivolves into Keramon. Gennai warns them about the dangers of his growth. Agumon and Tentomon are sent to contain Keramon, but he Digivolves into Infermon and defeats them. Tai tries to alert the rest of the DigiDestined, but only succeeds in enlisting the help of Matt, T.K., and their Digimon, Gabumon and Patamon.
Agumon and Gabumon Warp Digivolve to WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon, prompting Infermon to Digivolve into Diaboromon. Emails are sent to Tai and Izzy from people around the world who are watching the battle from their computers, causing WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon to slow down. Diaboromon begins to duplicate himself and infects computers at the Pentagon, launching two nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles: one headed for Colorado,[b] the other for Tai and Izzy's neighborhood in Odaiba, Tokyo. WarGreymon and MetalGarurumon are revived by the collective power of the millions of children around the world and DNA Digivolve to Omnimon, who defeats Diaboromon's copies, leaving only the original. Izzy redirects the incoming emails to Diaboromon to slow him down, and Omnimon destroys Diaboromon. However, the same virus that created Diaboromon tracks down Willis and corrupts Kokomon.[b]
Present Day [ edit ]
While visiting Mimi in New York City, T.K. and Kari witness a battle between Willis, Terriermon, and Kokomon's corrupted Champion form Wendigomon (still referred to as Kokomon). Wendigomon insists for Willis to "go back", to which he interprets as returning to Colorado. Kari e-mails Davis, Yolei, and Cody for help in hopes of assembling in Colorado. However, T.K. and Kari's train becomes derailed by Wendigomon on the way.
Davis, Yolei and Cody meet Willis, and later question his knowledge about Wendigomon. Willis reveals that he, as a child, accidentally created Diaboromon after trying to create a Digi-egg.[b] At Willis's home the next morning, Wendigomon reappears and Digivolves to Antylamon. Even with T.K. and Kari's help, Cherubimon de-Digivolves the Digimon then de-ages the DigiDestined, revealing that he wanted Willis to "go back" in time to before they were separated. Angewomon and Angemon Digivolve into Magnadramon and Seraphimon to release Golden Digi-Eggs for Willis and Davis. Veemon and Terriermon Golden Armor Digivolve to Magnamon and Rapidmon, and destroy the virus. Cherubimon dies, and after saying goodbye, Willis and Terriermon find Kokomon's Digi-egg on the beach.
Voice cast [ edit ]
Development [ edit ]
Background [ edit ]
Toei Animation had animation fairs every spring and summer with featurettes showcasing their current animated titles.[3][9] The first Digimon short film was Digimon Adventure (デジモンアドベンチャー, Dejimon Adobenchā), directed by Mamoru Hosoda in his directorial debut[10] and released on March 6, 1999 for the Toei Animation Spring 1999 Animation Fair. The film grossed ¥650 million.[11]
The second short film, Digimon Adventure: Children's War Game! (デジモンアドベンチャー ぼくらのウォーゲーム!, Dejimon Adobenchā: Bokura no Wō Gēmu!)[2], was originally released on March 4, 2000 for the Toei Animation Spring 2000 Animation Fair and later served as the inspiration for director Mamoru Hosoda's 2008 film Summer Wars. The film grossed ¥2.166 billion.[12] The film's ending theme song is "'Haru' Ichōchō" (「春」イ長調) by AiM.[13]
Digimon Adventure 02: Part I: Digimon Hurricane Landing!!/Part II: Transcendent Evolution!! The Golden Digimentals (デジモンアドベンチャー02: 前編 デジモンハリケーン上陸！！ / 後編 超絶進化！！ 黄金のデジメンタル, Dejimon Adobenchā Zero Tsū: Zenpen: Dejimon Harikēn Jōriku!!/Kōhen: Chōzetsu Shinka!! Ōgon no Digimentaru) was released on July 8, 2000 for the Toei Animation Summer 2000 Animation Fair. It was directed by Shigeyasu Yamauchi. The film was screened in two parts, with Ojamajo Doremi #: The Movie screening in between. The film grossed ¥120 billion. The film's ending theme song is "Stand By Me ~Hitonatsu no Bōken~" (スタンド・バイ・ミー～ひと夏の冒険～, Sutando Bai Mī ~Hitonatsu no Bōken~) by AiM.[14]
Writing [ edit ]
Digimon Hurricane Touchdown!! cut from Digimon: The Movie, where Mimi (pictured right) appears and is captured by Wendigomon with the rest of the older DigiDestined A scene fromcut from, where Mimi (pictured right) appears and is captured by Wendigomon with the rest of the older DigiDestined
After the first two Pokémon films, Fox wanted to replicate its success by having a theatrical feature for Digimon as well. The only films produced for Digimon at that time were Digimon Adventure (1999), Digimon Adventure: Children's War Game![2] (2000), and Digimon Adventure 02: Part I: Digimon Hurricane Touchdown!!/Part II: Supreme Evolution!! The Golden Digimentals (2000), which were all seasonal featurette films.[3] As the three films were respectively 20, 40, and 60 minutes long, footage was condensed to fit 85 minutes.[3][9] Digimon Adventure was used as basis for the "Eight Years Ago" sequence, Children's War Game! in the "Four Years Later" sequence, and Digimon Hurricane Touchdown!!/Supreme Evolution!! The Golden Digimentals in the "Present Day" sequence.[3]
The last film included in the compilation, Digimon Hurricane Touchdown!!/Supreme Evolution!! The Golden Digimentals was heavily cut, including a subplot featuring the older DigiDestined being captured and de-aged by Wendigomon, because Saban Entertainment lacked funding to produce a full two-hour movie. Alongside of that, "culturally awkward" Japanese elements are removed, and many North American jokes were written into the script.[15] Prior to the release of Digimon: The Movie, the film led to a dispute between Saban Entertainment and the Screen Actors Guild. The Screen Actors Guild negotiated for actors contracted under them to be paid residuals over home video and subsequent television broadcasts, as they felt Digimon: The Movie was considered an original work due to the dialogue deviating from the original script.[16]
Writer Jeff Nimoy wanted to use the first two films in Digimon: The Movie and release the third film separately as a television movie, but the idea was overruled and Fox insisted on having the third film in order to promote Digimon Adventure 02.[8] In order to connect the stories of the different movies together, Nimoy and Bob Buchholz rewrote Digimon Hurricane Touchdown!!/Supreme Evolution!! The Golden Digimentals to include Willis being involved in Diaboromon's creation.[17][8] Nimoy had been disappointed with this decision, and it was one of the factors that led him and Buchholz into leaving the writing team near the end of Digimon Adventure 02's run in North America.[8] Originally, Nimoy had Tai narrate the movie, but as Tai did not make an appearance in the third part of the movie, he changed it to Kari.[8] An early version of the official website listed Willis' name as his name in the Japanese version, Wallace,[18] until it was changed to "Willis" in the final version.[19] The film's theme song is the "Digi Rap", a remix of the theme song from the English version of Digimon Adventure. The track is performed by Josh Debear under the name "M.C. Pea Pod" and Paul Gordon.[20]
The Angela Anaconda short at the beginning of the film was later released as an episode in the television series titled "Good Seats."
Marketing and distribution [ edit ]
Taco Bell promoted Digimon: The Movie the summer before the film's release via a summer partnership with the franchise from July 13, 2000 to September 9, 2000. Participating restaurants offered toys and other collectibles with purchase of their kids' meals.[21][22] When the film debuted in domestic theaters, a limited edition "Digi Battle" trading card was given out with every admission, with a total of 12 cards obtainable.
In 2017, Disney acquired the rights to Digimon: The Movie from its acquisition from Fox.[23]
Reception [ edit ]
Box office [ edit ]
Digimon: The Movie opened at #5 in the box office and earned $4,233,304 on the opening weekend.[1] The film's run ended on December 3, 2000 at #56 drawing in a weekend gross of $19,665 grossing a total of $9,631,153 domestically.[24] The movie also drew in $1,567,641 in the UK after its release on February 16, 2001 and $2,200,656 in Germany the same year. It earned a total of $16,643,191, making it a minor box office success compared to its budget of $5 million.
The international success of Digimon: The Movie led Toshio Suzuki to contact Mamoru Hosoda to direct Howl's Moving Castle, though he later left the production due to creative differences.[25][26]
Critical reception [ edit ]
The film received generally negative reviews by critics. According to the review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes, 24% of critics have given the movie a positive review based on 41 reviews, with an average rating of 4/10. The site's critics consensus reads, "Digimon is better than Pokémon, but it's still a predictable movie with mediocre animation."[27] On Metacritic, the film has a weighted average score of 20 out of 100 based on 17 critics, indicating "generally unfavorable reviews".[28] Lawrence van Gelder of The New York Times describes the film as "noisy and ill-conceived", as it focused too much on "morphing monsters" and too little on "storytelling talent" and animation.[29] Liam Lacey of The Globe and Mail gave the film two stars, noting that the "scenes alternate between kitschy cuteness and spectacular violence, with only a nod toward plot, character development, and motivation".[15] Paul Trandahl from Common Sense Media gave the movie three stars, complimenting the film's visuals, but cited criticism in its lack of emotional attachment towards the characters and the plot alienating parents and newcomers.[30]
At the 2000 Stinkers Bad Movie Awards, the film won the award for "Worst Achievement in Animation".[31] However; the magazine Animage conducted a list of the "Top 100" anime productions in January 2001, and Digimon: The Movie placed 88th on list.[32]
Soundtrack [ edit ]
Music from the Motion Picture Digimon: The Movie is the original motion picture soundtrack for the film, Digimon: The Movie, released September 19, 2000 on Maverick Records on CD and compact cassette.[33] The film score was composed by Shuki Levy, Udi Harpaz and Amotz Plessner, and was performed by the Israel Philharmonic Orchestra.[34][35]
Track listing
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ ( 進化 , Shinka) is the process by which a Digimon evolves into a higher-leveled, more powerful form.[5][6][7] Digivolutionis the process by which a Digimon evolves into a higher-leveled, more powerful form. a b c Digimon Hurricane Touchdown!!/Supreme Evolution!! The Golden Digimentals (the basis for the segment "Present Day") and had no connection to the events depicted Digimon Adventure ("Eight Years Ago") and Children's War Game! ("Four Years Later"). The English version rewrote Willis' backstory to include his involvement with Diaboromon in order to connect the movies together.[8] In the Japanese version of the films, Willis only appeared in(the basis for the segment "Present Day") and had no connection to the events depicted("Eight Years Ago") and("Four Years Later"). The English version rewrote Willis' backstory to include his involvement with Diaboromon in order to connect the movies together.
News
Stack Overflow Addresses Developer Salary Transparency
After discovering that job ads listing salaries are much more effective, developer Q&A site Stack Overflow has embraced public salary transparency with the introduction of the Stack Overflow Salary Calculator.
With the new online tool, prospective employees can learn, for example, that a "Developer" working for Stack Overflow in the U.S. generally makes $6,400 more annually ($95,300) than a "Site Reliability Engineer" ($88,900), with all contributing factors being equal.
Those contributing factors that are tweakable in the tool include experience level, skill level and location. For example, the above scenario presupposes one year of experience, a skill level of "1" and a location not in New York, San Francisco or London. In addition to the aforementioned positions, the tool takes these factors into account to reveal salaries for product designers, marketing designers, engineering managers and product managers.
Engineering managers are on the high end of the scale. So maxing out the experience (25 years), skill level and location, an engineering manager is projected to pull in $211,420 ($90,000 base, $102,200 for skills and experience and $19,220 for a location adjustment).
[Click on image for larger view.] The High End (source: Stack Overflow)
Hard research backed the decision to publish the tool. After including salary information in some Stack Overflow job listings, the company ran an A/B test on the response results to measure the difference.
"Remarkably, we learned that job listings which include a salary range got 75 percent more clicks than job listings that don't," the company said in a blog post last week. "With this experiment, we're even more convinced that transparency isn't just the right thing to do, it's good for companies, too."
The company said it was inspired by the "boldness and leadership" exemplified in the "Transparent Salary Calculator" published by Buffer -- a social media management company -- to develop its own tool.
Helping with that decision were the surprising A/B test results, which seemed to hold true across differing conditions.
"What if a job has a relatively low salary -- is it still worth showing?" the company said. "Generally speaking, yes: we found that showing any salary range led to an increase in CTR [clickthrough rate], though higher salaries led to a greater bump. For American jobs, we saw roughly a 60 percent increase for jobs with salary ranges centered below $100K, and about a 100 percent increase (doubling) for salaries above $100K."
The new tool is still evolving and lacks certain functionality, such as covering all positions at the company, not taking stock equity into account and only addressing U.S. salaries. Nevertheless, the company has high hopes for the salary transparency initiative.
"We hope that moves like this will inspire other employers to greater transparency," the company said. "A lack of transparency is what economists call an information asymmetry: it's in companies' interests to keep these numbers close to the vest. Individuals are uncomfortable talking about salary sometimes, too."
"We believe that conventions can change," the company continued. "If more companies become open on salary, perhaps openness will become expected."
The overall debt of clubs in Serie A last season rose to over 1.7 billion euros with the situation at Parma symptomatic of a league in general financial difficulty.
Parma is on the verge of bankruptcy with wages not paid since July last year, however an investigation by La Gazzetta dello Sport said that they are not the only Italian club struggling to make ends meet. Inter Milan and Roma, two giants of the Italian game, have some of the biggest debts, which is why they are also subject to UEFA Financial Fair Play investigations which could lead to restrictions placed on them in Europe next season.
Only six sides in last season's Serie A managed to reduce overall expenditure on wages with the other 12 clubs recording an increase compared to just three seasons ago. Despite this, all clubs apart from Parma have been regularly meeting deadlines for payments of wages and taxes, even if questions are being asked where the funds are coming from.
The overall debt of clubs in Serie A last season rose to over 1.7 billion euros.
Over the past five years, overall debt has risen by 27 percent with the greatest sources of money now television revenue and trading on the transfer market. Income from matchday operations and marketing, on the other hand, is stagnating, if not regressing in certain cases.
Even Juventus -- owners of their own stadium, unlike the other clubs in Serie A -- are posting continued losses. The Bianconeri have been able to reduce their losses from 95.4 million euros in 2010 to just 6.7 million last year, while it is hoped the increased income from being the sole Italian club to reach the knockout stages of the Champions League will enable them to come out of the red in 2014-15.
Napoli bucks the trend having made profits for eight years in a row under president Aurelio De Laurentiis, thanks to the money they earned from the Champions League last season and the sale of Edinson Cavani to Paris Saint-Germain.
Cuts in wages at Lazio helped them post a profit last season, thanks also to the sale of Hernanes to Inter Milan and income from the Europa League. Including that transfer, Inter reported the biggest loss of all clubs last season with over 100 million euros, which new president Erick Thohir hopes to wipe out over five years.
Boosting the brand internationally and qualifying for the Champions League appear to be crucial for the Nerazzurri's future while it is no coincidence that their signings of Lukas Podolski and Xherdan Shaqiri this winter were on initial loan deals -- should they miss out on a place in the Champions League next season, they can send both back to Arsenal and Bayern Munich respectively without facing any great expenditure in the summer which they cannot then recoup over the season.
Without European football next season, Inter may be forced to sell the likes of Mateo Kovacic, Mauro Icardi and Fredy Guarin rather than consider strengthening their squad. The days they were competing for -- and winning -- the Champions League seem like only a distant memory.
Nearly a year has passed since President Donald Trump—and his 63 million votes—sent Hillary Clinton to the political graveyard.
Or so we thought. In recent weeks, the failed presidential candidate has made the rounds in the liberal media, making excuses for her loss and taking shots at the White House. Clinton told CNN host Anderson Cooper the president's rhetoric is “a cry from the white nationalist gut”—because, Trump? In an interview with NPR's Rachel Martin, she blamed “sexism” for her defeat, despite the fact married women overwhelmingly voted for President Trump. Clinton even found time to scapegoat former FBI Director James Comey for re-opening the investigation into her shady email practices as U.S. Secretary of State. In her words: “It just stopped my momentum. I can't understand it.”
What many Americans can't understand, however, is how Clinton faces no legal repercussions for her email fiasco. Our most powerful law enforcement institutions should be committed to enforcing the law, not protecting well-connected political figures.
Clinton's press tour is not only a therapy session, but a distraction from a very real issue on the minds of American voters: The adequacy and fairness of the FBI's investigation and former Attorney General Loretta Lynch's refusal to prosecute her.
There certainly seemed to be cause for prosecution. Not only did Clinton maintain a private, non-secure email server used to transmit classified and other highly sensitive information—jeopardizing our national security—but she wiped roughly 33,000 emails from the server after questions arose. The email wipe came just weeks after the traditionally pro-Clinton New York Times reported on her use of a private email for government business.
As the old saying goes: “Where there's smoke, there's fire.” But Clinton remains a free woman—with plenty of time to complain on cable news—while the same news outlets now bury the email story altogether. Ask yourself: When was the last time you saw a follow-up story on the email scandal? Since November, the liberal media has almost exclusively transitioned to attacking President Trump personally and undermining his agenda—from Charlottesville to Hurricane Harvey and tax reform.
But the American people see Clinton's email scandal—and the lack of closure—as a red flag. According to 2016 polling, millions of Americans are “very concerned” about her use of a private email server to conduct government business. The majority of them believe the FBI should have sought a criminal indictment against Clinton. Should the powerful get a pass, simply because of their power?
There is unfinished business here, which is why the Committee to Defend the President has filed a new request under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) to assess the FBI investigation and the DOJ's decision not to prosecute Clinton. The Committee is seeking documents from the FBI and DOJ concerning the “wiping” of Clinton's email server and her failure to produce documents required by subpoenas, any potential lies Clinton may have told investigators, and the questionable investigative and prosecutorial decision-making writ large. Our FOIA request will finally allow the public to judge for itself the adequacy and fairness of the investigation into America's most infamous email scandal.
The FBI previously refused to release similar documents, claiming there is no “public interest” in their disclosure. But our research and numerous opinion polls suggest otherwise—millions of Americans demand accountability. They want to know that our law enforcement agencies rise above petty politics for the good of the country.
Hillary Clinton may be politically irrelevant, but she is not above the law.
LANSING, Mich. -- Can doctors and emergency medical technicians legally refuse to give life saving assistance to a gay person, because of their religious beliefs? That question is being debated in the Michigan legislature.
The Republican-led House has approved the Michigan Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which essentially states that people do not have to perform an act that would violate their sincerely held religious beliefs.
"For example, a Christian doctor who does not believe in a gay lifestyle would not have to treat a gay patient," CBS Detroit legal analyst Charlie Langton said. "Or perhaps, a Jewish butcher would not have to handle non-Kosher meat."
Opponents say the bill, which is modeled after a federal law upheld by the U.S. Supreme Court, legalizes discrimination. Critics say extreme cases may unfairly deny people basic rights.
House Speaker Jase Bolger,who sponsored the bill, said the intention is to protect people's religious beliefs from government overreach.
"The individual must show they have a sincerely held religious belief that has been substantially burdened," Bolger, a Republican, said in a statement. "This bill is not a license to discriminate; the courts have already demonstrated for decades that wild claims will not be supported."
"These bills are about the individual freedoms and rights that our country was founded on," Republican Rep. Greg MacMaster, who voted for the bill, said in a statement. "Michigan residents simply need the reassurance that they can practice their faith without the fear of being harassed or sued, or their businesses threatened by government action."
But Rep. Jeff Irwin, an Ann Arbor Democrat, warned it would "open the door to discrimination and the types of behavior that otherwise violates the laws of the state of Michigan."
He said while legislators may think the bill is about safeguarding a baker from having to make a wedding cake for a same-sex couple, it's "much broader." Democrats warned that government workers with sincere religious beliefs could be allowed to show bias against someone from another faith, mentioning that pharmacists could deny birth control to women.
If state senators want to act on the bill, they'll have to do it quick -- the legislative session ends next week, and the bill will die if it's not voted on, CBS Detroit reported.
At least 19 states have approved laws mirroring the federal law, which prohibits the government from imposing a substantial burden on the exercise of religion for anything other than a compelling government interest pursued in the least restrictive way, according to the Associated Press.
To our valued customers:
Your life is lived on our floors and we take that to heart. For more than two decades, we have been committed to providing customers with quality flooring that is sustainable, affordable, and beautiful. That's why we've become a market leader.
But here's what else you need to know: We're equally focused on earning your trust. From hardwood and bamboo to laminate, vinyl, and wood-look tile, we're investing more than ever to ensure the products we offer will exceed your expectations and meet the high standards we set for ourselves. We will continue to be a responsible corporate citizen and conduct business in an ethical and sustainable manner.
Our commitment to you is that we won't stop now. We will continue to seek ways to improve the way we do business and to enhance the value we bring to you, our employees, our vendor partners, and all of our stakeholders.
I appreciate the responsibility I have for Lumber Liquidator's reputation as one of America's trusted names in flooring and can promise that we won't stop until our customers are fully-satisfied. You've trusted our value—and we value your trust.
Sincerely,
Dennis R. Knowles
Chief Executive Officer
Contact the CEO
Elaine Fydrych apparently didn't want any donations in lieu of flowers when her obituary was written up after her Aug. 13 death. Instead, she wanted to make a statement.
In her obituary, the New Jersey woman requested this: "In lieu of flowers, please do not vote for Hillary Clinton."
Fydrych's obituary was posted by Gardner Funeral Home this week after the Runnemede woman, formerly of Gloucester Township, died at age 63.
There was no other indication in the obituary whether she was Republican, or prepared to vote for Bernie Sanders.
She did have a background in performing and comedy, however.
Fydrick was born and raised in the Port Richmond section of Philadelphia and was "a very talented child, singing, dancing, playing the piano and ukulele," according to the obituary. She appeared on local children's T.V. shows in the 1950s and 1960s like "Chief Halftown" and "Happy the Clown," it said.
"Later in life, Elaine discovered her love of the theater, acting and comedy," according to the obituary.
Her acting skills led her to do commercials, corporate videos and minor parts in a few independent films. She was a "natural at comedy" and her standup act was part of a Comcast local comic special in 2008, according to the obituary.
There will be a viewing from 7 to 9 p.m. Wednesday and 9:15 to 10:15 a.m. Thursday at Gardner Funeral Home, Runnemede. Funeral Mass will be 11 a.m. Thursday at Our Lady of Hope Parish, St. Agnes Roman Catholic Church, 701 Little Gloucester Rd., Blackwood.
Interment will be at St. Joseph's Cemetery, Chews Landing.
The last line then says:
Elaine requests, "In lieu of flowers, please do not vote for Hillary Clinton."
Photo: Hillary Clinton, Elaine Fydrych
NEW DELHI: The defence ministry is set to clear a Rs 5,000 crore procurement of ' Made in India ' Akash missile systems for the air force in a contract that will involve significant private sector participation, with companies like Tata Power SED and Larsen & Toubro likely to get major work portions.An air force plan to induct seven squadrons of the Akash anti-air missile systems has been cleared at several levels and is likely to get a final approval from the high-powered defence acquisition committee shortly, sources told ET. Fourteen firing units of the missile will be bought for the seven squadrons.While state-run Bharat Electronics Ltd will be given the main contract under a ‘repeat order' – the air force has already contracted for eight squadrons of the missile systems out of which two have been inducted – the major system providers include Electronics Corporation of India, Hindustan Aeronautics, Tata Power SED and L&T, defence ministry officials told ET.Induction of the system, which has an indigenous content of 96% will also benefit a number of small and medium scale industries that have been participating in the programme. The Akash programme, which was approved for procurement first in 2010, is a major Make in India initiative with the air force cleared to progressively induct 45 firing units over the next few years.The army has inducted its first Akash Weapon System which was ceremonially handed over to it by BEL in May. The indigenously developed supersonic short range surface-to-air missile system is designed to counter a variety of aerial threats including fast moving aircraft, helicopters and unmanned aerial vehicles up to a range of 25 km and an altitude of 20 km. The mobile area defence system can engage multiple targets simultaneously and is configured to adapt to future requirements as well.
The Kotlin 1.1 release was warmly met by the community. To demonstrate the new features in Kotlin 1.1, JetBrains offered an online event. All those interested were able to watch a live stream of Andrey Breslav's demo presentation and get their questions answered during a Q&A session.
This motivated many local communities to meet up: more than 30 user groups hosted events in 21 countries.
You can find the full list of the events at the Kotlin community web page. Over 3000 people joined the broadcast on the day of the event.
The recording of the demo presentation and the Q&A is available on YouTube:
Kotlin 1.1 Event Feedback
If you watched the live stream, we want to know what you think! Please share your feedback by completing this form. It should only take about 7-10 minutes. Your input is very important in helping us improve all future Kotlin events.
Kotlin Future Features Survey
We also offered all communities to make an impact on Kotlin future. Event organizers received survey kits and event participants could have a say on the most expected features in an off-line mode. The survey gained much attention, and we've now placed it online to listen to the wider community. Now you can have your say on the Kotlin future online!
Please note it's more likely that you won't see those features in v1.2, but we will take your opinion into account when prioritizing our work.
The U.S. claims to take schooling seriously, but the school calendar says otherwise. Photo by Christian J. Stewart/iStockphoto/Thinkstock
There are few more cherished nostrums in American life than the importance of equal opportunities. Unfortunately, one of them is the importance of summer vacation. It's a cheap way of doing something nice for teachers, but summer vacation is a disaster for poor children and their parents, creating massive avoidable inequities in life outcomes and seriously undereducating the population.
The country claims to take schooling seriously, but the school calendar says otherwise. There's no other public service that we would allow to just vanish for months at a time. To have no Army in February, no buses or subways in March, airports closed down for all of October, or the police vacationing en masse in December would be absurd. Schools, it turns out, matter a lot, too, and having them shut down all summer critically undermines them.
The entire issue tends to vanish from public debate, because the educated, affluent people who run the debate don't particularly suffer from it. Summer vacation costs money, but prosperous parents are happy to spend it on their kids. And of course there's the sentimentality factor. I'll always treasure tender thoughts of my beloved Camp Winnebago and would one day love to have the experience of picking up my kid from the very same camp I attended when I was young.
But these days, Camp Winnebago is charging $11,550 for a full eight-week session. No doubt more affordable options are out there, but the basic reality is that parents' ability to provide enriching summer activities for their children is going to be sharply constrained by income. Working-class single moms in urban neighborhoods—exactly the kind of parents whose kids tend to have the most problems in school—are put in a nearly impossible situation by summer vacation.
The burden on parents is segmented by income, and the impact on children is as well. A 2011 RAND literature review concluded that the average student “loses” about one month's worth of schooling during a typical summer vacation, with the impact disproportionately concentrated among low-income students. “While all students lose some ground in mathematics over the summer,” RAND concluded, “low-income students lose more ground in reading while their higher-income peers may even gain.” Most distressingly, the impact is cumulative. Poor kids tend to start school behind their middle-class peers, and then they fall further behind each and every summer, giving teachers and principals essentially no chance of closing the gap during the school year. Karl Alexander, Doris Entwisle, and Linda Steffel Olson of Johns Hopkins University have research from Baltimore indicating that a majority of the achievement gap between high- and low-socioeconomic-status students can be attributed to differences in summer learning loss.
It's not clear whether Baltimore's results apply to the national population, but it's shocking that impacts of this scale exist anywhere. Even worse, for many poor kids, subsidized school lunches on which they depend for sustenance essentially vanish during the summer months, leaving them both undertaught and underfed.
The contrast between America's rhetorical obsession with the bad educational outcomes of poor children and its blasé attitude toward summer vacation is striking. Conservatives have spent years pounding the point that a lack of money is not the problem in American public education. While it's true that there's much more to quality schools than money, the existence of summer vacation is a huge barrier to equal opportunity, and the barrier to year-round schooling is rather clearly financial. You'd need to install air conditioners, and you'd have to pay utility bills. You'd need to pay teachers and school staff more. But the gains would be obvious. We could save a bunch of money by letting all the criminals out of jail for the summer months or randomly eliminate seventh grade, but that would be ridiculous. The mere fact that summer vacation is a long-standing tradition doesn't make it any less ridiculous. School is important. It should happen all year 'round.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 22, 2016, 8:45 AM GMT / Updated Jan. 22, 2016, 1:25 PM GMT By Alastair Jamieson
North Korea has arrested a University of Virginia student over an alleged "hostile" act, state media reported Friday.
Pyongyang's Korean Central News Agency said that authorities detained an American, who it identified as Otto Frederick Warmbier.
China-based tourism agency Young Pioneer Tours confirmed in a statement that Warmbier was a client and that his family had been informed.
"We are in contact with the Swedish Embassy, who act as the protecting interest for U.S citizens, who are working with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to address the case," it said.
"We are also assisting the U.S Department of State closely with regards to the situation. In the meantime we would appreciate Otto's and his family's privacy being respected and we hope his release can be secured as soon as possible."
The State Department said it was "aware of media reports" about Warmbier's arrest. However, it had "no further information to share due to privacy considerations," spokesman Mark Toner said.
"The University of Virginia has been in touch with Otto Warmbier's family and will have no additional comment at this time," the college said in a statement Friday.
KCNA said Warmbier was under investigation for "perpetrating a hostile act against the DPRK after entering it under the guise of tourist for the purpose of bringing down the foundation of its single-minded unity at the tacit connivance of the U.S. government and under its manipulation."
In October, North Korea released a New York University student holding a U.S. green card six months after capturing him crossing into the country from China.
Joo Won-moon, 21, a South Korean national, was freed days before Pyongyang celebrated the 70th anniversary of the ruling Workers' Party.
Korean-American missionary Kenneth Bae was freed in 2014 after serving two years of a hard labor sentence.
However, in December it reportedly sentenced a South Korea-born Canadian pastor to hard labor for life for subversion. Hyeon Soo Lim, the head pastor at a Toronto church that is one of Canada's largest, had been held in North Korea since February.
The United States and North Korea are still officially at war because the 1950-53 Korean War ended with an armistice, not a peace treaty. About 28,500 American troops are stationed in South Korea.
IRVING, Texas -- At 6-foot-4, 321 pounds, La'el Collins doesn't do things small.
In the first game he played for the Dallas Cowboys, a preseason contest against the San Diego Chargers last summer, he opened up a hole on a Gus Johnson touchdown run and flattened a linebacker 20 yards down field. In the regular season, he made more highlights when he smothered Pro Bowlers Bobby Wagner and Earl Thomas on the same running play.
Earlier this offseason, Collins caught a catfish on Cedar Creek Lake that he estimated was more than 50 pounds.
"One of those you catch once in a lifetime," Collins said.
Biggest cat fish I ever caught A video posted by La'el Collins (@lcoll71) on Apr 16, 2016 at 2:48pm PDT
The Cowboys hope Collins can turn into one of those once-in-a-lifetime guards, even if they might already have one playing right guard in Zack Martin.
As Collins begins his second season, he feels more comfortable.
"Really just the game slows down for you, especially after the first year of experience knowing what to expect, knowing how hard I have to work this offseason to get stronger, faster and to be better mentally," said Collins, who started 11 games as a rookie. "[You] play off just natural instinct and reaction where you're not even thinking out there. That's my biggest thing this year. That's what I'm focusing on."
Martin, the Cowboys' first-round pick in 2014 and a Pro Bowler in each of his first two seasons, sees a different Collins.
"He's been awesome this offseason," Martin said. "You can tell he's more comfortable. He has a great feeling for what's going on, really coming to work every day. So we're excited to see him coming along."
A boy allegedly abducted seven years ago in Grand Forks, B.C., has been found with a woman in Chandler, Ariz., police say, according to a published media report.
The child, Valor Heath Howell, now 10, and the woman were located in a Chandler laundromat after police were called about a woman creating a disturbance.
The woman is believed to be the boy's mother, the report from Phoenix broadcaster KPHO quotes police as saying.
When police arrived and questioned the woman, they found out she is connected to a missing child report and the child with her is the victim, according to the report.
The boy was first reported missing on Dec. 1, 2004, in Grand Forks, which is close to the U.S. border and about 350 kilometres east of Vancouver.
Authorities had reported then that he may be in the company of his mother, Jamie Howell.
Howell, 51, was arrested Sunday by Chandler police on charges of disorderly conduct, the report said.
She remains in custody.
The boy's father, Garrett Taylor, of Kamloops, B.C., told CBC News he is delighted to hear his son has been found.
"It's quite amazing — pretty exciting for everybody," said Taylor in a telephone interview. "It's hard to put into words. It's a prayer come true."
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. -- Minnesota Vikings running back Adrian Peterson is calling it again: Touchdown. On his first carry of the season.
Just as he said he predicted last year.
"Yeah, I might as well speak it: Touchdown, first run," Peterson said Thursday.
Vikings running back Adrian Peterson, as he told teammates he would, took his first carry of the 2013 season to the end zone against the Lions for a 78-yard touchdown. Gregory Shamus/Getty Images
A year ago, Peterson, who hadn't played during the preseason, called his shot -- partially in jest -- during a running backs meeting with teammates Toby Gerhart and Matt Asiata before the first game of the season against the Detroit Lions.
"I was like, 'Man, I'm going to take the first carry to the house,'" Peterson said. "I really didn't think about it. I really didn't mean it when I said it. And then when it happened, I came to the sideline and they reminded me, 'Oh, man, you said you were going to do that!'"
Peterson, of course, took his first carry for 78-yard touchdown.
"I'll say it again," Peterson said Thursday. "Hopefully it'll work out the same way."
Peterson, after his third consecutive preseason without a carry, will see his first action against the St. Louis Rams on Sunday. He'll also see how he fits into new offensive coordinator Norv Turner's plans, where Peterson will be more involved as a pass-catcher than in the past.
"I'm excited to see Adrian. He's anxious to get going," Turner said. "We're anxious to make him a part of what we're doing."
The game also will give Peterson another chance to play against a Rams defense he said had him angrier "than I've ever been on a football field" the last time he faced St. Louis, in 2012.
Peterson, who said the Rams were talking trash the whole game, rushed for 212 yards on 24 carries in that game, including a career-long 82-yard touchdown run.
The Rams' defense is now led by coordinator Gregg Williams, who was initially supposed to work for the team in 2012 until he was suspended for his role in the New Orleans Saints' bounty system -- which gained attention in part because of the role it played in the Saints' aggressive approach in the 2010 NFC Championship Game against the Vikings.
"I took a couple hits [in that game]," Peterson said. "I was more so concerned about [Brett] Favre -- they really banged him around. But me, I love [the Rams' defense]. It's an old-school defense. I love the style."
And if the Vikings open the game by recovering a fumble at the Rams' 1-yard line, all the better for Peterson's prediction.
"I like that scenario," Peterson said. "I like the odds better."
A man and woman were detained by police after they discovered the couple had left two small children alone in a car while they were inside the Hialeah Park Casino. (Source: CBS4)
HIALEAH (CBSMiami) – Employees at Hialeah Park Casino say a veteran security guard on routine patrol may have saved the lives of young boys who were left alone in their parents car while their parents were gambling.
Authorities say the children were left alone in a parking lot in their parents unlocked Pontiac for at least 90 minutes at the Hialeah Park Casino early Thursday.
Watch the report by Carey Codd, click here.
“The car was unlocked and there could have been all sorts of problems with that and the possibility of something happening to them,” said Hialeah Police Detective and spokesman Carl Zogby, who is also the Executive Assistant to the Chief of Police.
“The car was running, the engine was running and the air conditioning was on. The parents seemed to think that was ok but the law says otherwise,” Zogby told CBS4's Peter D'Oench.
The parents, 25-year-old Tyrell Johnson and 26-year-old Josephine Laidler, were charged with two counts of child neglect and were being held on $5,000 bond.
A Casino spokesman said the parents were captured on surveillance tape arriving in their Pontiac just after midnight and then playing the slot machines inside the casino.
The parents also reportedly left the cars' windows cracked and claimed they thought their children were sleeping.
About 90 minutes later, security guard Wanda Moore spotted the children while checking the parked cars with her flashlight. She immediately notified Casino management and they made an announcement about the children.
The parents came forward and police were called.
When police arrived, they discovered that both children were barefoot. The one-year-old boy was wearing diapers.
The Department of Children and Families said the parents had no history with the department.
At a court hearing at the Juvenile Justice Center, Circuit Judge Michael Hanzman gave temporary custody of the boys to the maternal grandparents.
The maternal grandmother told D'Oench that she did not want to comment on camera but she said she did not hesitate to volunteer to help the children. She said she has 20 grandchildren and told Judge Hanzman she was “starting school.”
The maternal grandfather is a retired Vietnam Veteran.
There will be another hearing on September 12th for the children.
Wanda Moore has been a security guard for 10 years. She declined to comment about her life-saving actions, saying she was camera shy.
One Casino employee who did not want to give his name said, “I have no doubt that what she did saved the lives of these two young boys. And that makes her a hero as far as I'm concerned.”
Watch the report by Peter D'Oench, click here.
Watch Natalia Zea's Noon Report
RELATED CONTENT:
Hi there. Join Grillo Designs on Instagram and Pinterest to keep up with our latest posts and ideas. If you're on Facebook, why not join our Kids Decor and Crafts group too – inspiration is guaranteed!
This post contains affiliate links for your convenience – please see full disclosure here)
My husband and I are quite hands-on when it comes to decorating our home and it's certainly rubbing off on my son. He loves to pretend that he is drilling holes or putting together furniture just like his dad! For EID (our Muslim religious holiday – which partly involves the giving of gifts ) we bought him a cute little Bosche toolset from eBay, and for weeks he just went around the house sticking plastic screws and nails into anything that resembled a hole! It was so cute to watch! With his matching builders hat and belt he really looked the part!
Well almost …. a tool bench was needed to finish the overall construction look and to help foster his interest in building further (and if in the future he wanted to start a business in woodworking and selling gorgeous handcrafted furniture, I think I could just about ‘bare it 😉 ). I decided to do a little internet surfing (aka window shopping) I found a few tool benches that were cute like this one and this but nothing that really jumped out at me. Hey why not just make it, I thought – and if all else fails, abort mission and scroll through Pinterest dreaming of what might have been….
Here it is.
A DIY success for two reasons: 1. My son loved it and actually plays with it on a daily basis and 2. It didn't hurt the wallet – at all. Because I didn't build it from scratch and instead chose to upcycle an old cabinet, I saved money (are you noticing a trend with eBay here? Sorry it cant be helped, I just love that site!)
If you notice any knocks or scrapes in these photos It's because this little thing is now almost 2 years old (post upcycle) and has a story of its own to tell!
Materials I used:
How to:
Below is a ‘before' picture of the cabinet I used. It definitely had seen better days, but it was perfect for what I had in mind. I cleaned it down then sanded with my mouse sander. I also removed all of the old antique knobs as they weren't doing the cabinet any favors!
Next I painted with the Valspar paint (tester pots) using the foam roller to get a smooth finish (please excuse the mess in the photos). Valspar paint is great and easy to apply – it also has a built-in primer which sometimes mean you can skip the under coat step. I watered the paint down ever so slightly and applied about three coats leaving 2 hours in between for drying time. Notice that the top part of the shelf pulls up to reveal a little storage area – I absolutely loved this!
I painted the outside with the red and boathouse lake and the insides were painted with the Valspar light blue. I also added a chalkboard element to the door using the Rustins black board paint – because you can never have enough chalkboards!
Once it was all dry, I brought it inside ( in typical UK style it started to rain) and it kinda just sat in the playroom for some time… amongst all the chaos in the room it really did fit right in!
A couple of days later (or maybe more) I got myself into action and finished it all off. I used a customised plastic stencil that I bought off eBay to initial my son's name at the front. I used a white acrylic paint for this and a sponge to dab the paint on. Its meant to look a little faded and worn by the way ;). Everything was then sealed with three coats of varnish spray
Next: Attaching the 17mm hole peg board to cabinet. The hubby did this part. He sawed the 3.5mm peg board to a length that would fit the width of the cabinet ( the pegboard was slightly bigger than needed at 600 mm x 600mm) He then used the L shaped brackets to attach the board to the top of the cabinet.
Once the pegboard was in place, I added on some accessories. I screwed in brackets for some plastic tubs and added on some pegboard hooks for his tools.
Remember those ugly door knobs I removed earlier? Well I replaced them with this white plastic handle – simple yet effective.
Should I just stop talking now and tell you where I got everything from? Here goes!
SOURCE LIST:
DONT FOGET TO PIN IT FOR LATER:
I would love to hear your thoughts, so please feel free to leave a comment below! Have you made anything for your kids recently? Also are you following my KIDS DECOR board on pinterest? If not click here.
This tutorial was also featured on TEACHER BY TRADE, MOTHER BY NATURE as a guest post.
OTHER POSTS YOU MIGHT LIKE:
The 7-2 morning-line favorite finished 10th in his last start, and the 4-1 second choice was runner-up to a horse that did not finish in his last start.
If one concluded that the race being referenced was a weekday low-level claimer at some run-of-the-mill blue-collar track, there wouldn't be much reason to criticize such a summation.
If one were to say that this is the case for Saturday's Grade I Belmont Stakes, the third leg of thoroughbred horse racing's Triple Crown, it would be a statement that turns heads.
Yet, folks, that is what we are talking about: the Belmont Stakes.
Irish War Cry, 10th in the Kentucky Derby, is the Belmont favorite, and Japanese runner Epicharis, second to Thundersnow in the UAE Derby on the Dubai World Cup undercard, is the 4-1 second choice.
Epicharis ran second to Thundersnow. Thundersnow took one step out of the gate into the slop at Churchill Downs in the Kentucky Derby and refused to run another inch.
This is what happens when just one horse is left that ran in both the Kentucky Derby and Preakness, Looking at Lee.
This is what happens when the Kentucky Derby and Preakness winner are not running, and the horse that was the presumptive Belmont favorite, Classic Empire, is ruled out with a hoof abscess Wednesday.
And all this could result in a huge long shot winning this race as easily as one of the more respected runners getting to the wire first.
Despite being the longest of the Triple Crown races at 1 1/2 miles, the Belmont winner is a usual horse that is more forwardly placed than one coming from out of the clouds to make a late dash down the stretch to victory.
Irish War Cry will almost certainly either be on the lead or right off it, so being made the favorite makes sense in that regard. He is probably still the best horse on paper, even with his poor Kentucky Derby performance.
And if he is beginning to develop a pattern of one bad race, one good race, then the good race is in the rotation for Irish War Cry.
He won the Holy Bull Stakes, then ran poorly in the Fountain of Youth Stakes, followed that up with an awesome effort in winning the Wood Memorial, then ran 10th in the Kentucky Derby.
I think he will run a solid race in the Belmont Stakes but I'm also thinking, much like with Classic Empire in the Preakness, a horse is going to get up and get him in the final strides.
I will pick Tapwrit, at 6-1. Simply a hunch. He got compromised early in the Kentucky Derby and made a decent run to finish sixth.
I think he gets better luck in the Belmont.
Irish War Cry holds on to second and Senior Investment, a long shot third in the Preakness, runs well enough again to finish third.
Article by Joe Jones
Revealed: New Man City Kit 2015/2016
Take a look at the new Man City kit 2015/2016 season below (and white shorts are back!)
Revealed: New Man City Kit 2015/2016. Take a look at Manchester City's new kit for the 2015/16 season and read about how Nike designed it. Focusing on 4 key themes the shirt is designed to bring together City's traditional values and Manchester culture.
This is the new Man City Home Kit for the 2015/2016 season. Together with a few other Man City website owners, I got a sneek peek of the kit on earlier this week. Here are my thoughts and a more detailed look at the design process:
The Man City Shirt
The shirt is sky blue with white collar and sleeve trim, this will be the same for both the short and long sleeved versions. There are also white stripes down the sides of the shirt.
The shirt is slim fit (not so good if you've had a few chicken balti pies). It is designed to be a mix of casual wear and for player performance. There are small perforations in the majority of the front and back to allow the material to breath.
However the rear shoulder shoulder section is a full curved panel to allow for long name signings (Pogba's not very long is it?).
Click here to pre-order the MCFC 2015/16 Home Kit
The club badge is on a shield. Now I'm not overly keen on shields behind the badge, however Nike have said that due to the design of the badge it is technically impossible to embroid the badge directly onto the material used to make the shirt. The eagle/phoenix and stars would make the shirt crunch up if it was embroided.
The shirt has hidden buttons down from the collar, which, if undone, will allow the neck line to be opened up.
Previous Nike Man City shirts have had a tendency to snag easily. The feel of the material did seem more resilient to this and when questioned the Nike representatives noted that improvements have been made. Time will tell.
The Shorts
White shorts are back!
In a popular move the kit is sky blue shirt, white shorts and sky blue sock, although the shorts do have blue stripes down the side.
The Socks
Sky blue socks with white trim have the word “City” in navy 3/4 of the way up under a Nike swoosh.
The shirt is available to pre-order now for release on the 11th July. Click the button below to see more details.
Find out more on the MCFC site
The Kit Design
Nike have designed this seasons kits around 4 key themes covering our history, future, fans and the Manchester culture of fashion, music and being a hotbed of football.
The Manchester Club
Being the only club with a Manchester postcode (their words not mine) and having a strong sense of community, they wanted the kits to represent the history of Manchester City. The thin collar and white trim on the sleeves make it look like the traditional City shirt of the 60's a la Colin Bell.
New Working Class Values
You have to be a certain type of person to be a City fan. We have a set of values; togetherness, family feel, enjoyment.
These values combined with our honesty, hard work and legendary humour make us City.
The True Blues
A key focal point of the home shirt. A sense of local pride and history harking back to the 60's kits, whilst the addition of the collar gives it a modern Manchester swagger.
The New Blues
As much as we want the club to stay the same to be the very top we need new fans. These fans may not be Manchester based or even UK based and this New Blues theme is designed for them. The away kit (not yet released) has been designed to appeal to these new Blues.
There will be three kits – Home, Away and Champions League/Cup away. The away shirt is a darker colour – I know this as the Nike reps said that City will have to wear the 3rd kit in the Premier League against the likes of Everton (who wear dark Blue).
The new kit will be 1st worn by Man City Women in their match on the 12th July and the men will wear it against Melbourne City.
To get the new kit click on the button below
Pre order your City kit here
0SHARESTell your friendsTweet this
What do you think to the new kit? Leave a message on ManCityGifts.com's facebook page
More on ManCityGifts.com
Joe Hart and the Manchester City Wedding
50 Shades of Blue: a collection of Retro Man City kits
New York City FC kit: Back in Stock
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When 10-year-old Holly Salmon was diagnosed with severe autism the effect on her family was dramatic.
It pulled the family apart – dad Rob and mum Jo split up and after a three-and-a-half year break are they back together, having worked to rebuild their family and their lives.
The moving story of the Salmon family is proof of just how difficult family life can be when autism goes undiagnosed.
Jo, 39, from Caerphilly, admits her family went through “dark times” when her daughter Holly, now 14, was diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome some four years ago.
“It was like a grieving process. The worst thing for me was worrying that she could never love me as much as I loved her,” said Jo.
The strain of the diagnosis saw Rob, 46, leave after feeling he could not cope.
“He could not get his head around the diagnosis. He really struggled to understand Holly and her condition,” said Jo.
The mum-of-two first noticed symptoms such as obsessive behaviour when Holly was a baby.
“She had a milk bottle and she always had to hold it with her fingers covering certain letters, which I thought was odd,” said Jo.
“She was a very unsettled baby and she used to cry all the time, but I did not realise it was autism,” she added.
Jo also observed her daughter had sensory issues from a young age when she was unable to wear certain fabrics.
“Holly feels sensations acutely and some clothes are painful for her to wear. At one stage, she could only wear one T-shirt and one pair of joggers and we had to buy her five identical sets. School uniform was a nightmare,” added Jo.
Her daughter also struggled with the social side of school.
“Like many children with autism, she is shy and introverted and she was bullied at school for being different. She was vulnerable and could not even tell me about it, because she found it difficult to talk about her feelings. She became a shell of a person and had to miss three months of school.”
The diagnosis came late for Holly, after a specialist told the family there was nothing wrong with the six-year-old and described her as a “manipulative drama queen.”
“I was absolutely furious that my daughter had been denied the help she so evidently needed,” said Jo, who was prompted to research the condition herself following the visit.
She had compared Holly's behaviour to her brother Ben, who is a year younger than his sister.
“Ben could always play with other children, but if Holly met someone new, she would always have to ask me what to say to them,” said Jo.
When Holly was finally diagnosed with Asperger's Syndrome in 2009, her mum wished she could turn back the clock.
“When I had the diagnosis in my hands, I wished that she was just naughty,” said Jo.
Holly said: “When my mum told me I had autism, I didn't want to know. I didn't want to have a disability, or to know what was wrong with me.”
But four years on, Holly and her family are doing well.
“Rob and I split up for three-and-a-half years, but we remained good friends and now we're giving it another chance. The family unit is much happier with him around,” said Jo.
She added she now has a better understanding of Holly's condition.
“Initially, I knew she experienced emotions differently and I was worried she could not love us, but now I realise she loves us unconditionally, even though her thought processes are different,” said Jo.
With the help of a special educational needs coordinator, Holly, who is now in Year 8, is thriving at school and hopes to become a make-up artist for hit TV show Doctor Who.
“Between the ages of seven and nine, I thought she would never let me get a brush through her hair, but now she wants to be a make-up artist,” said Jo.
“A few years ago, I thought she would never be able to sit her GCSEs. It just goes to show with the right support, children with autism can achieve anything.”
She added: “Holly does have some very dark days, but she also has some very bright days and I am so proud of her.
“I would love to be in her head for a day, but no longer than that. It is a brilliant mind, but a very tormented mind.”
Holly said: “I would really like for people to know that even though kids like me have autism, we are human, we're not weird and we're not freaks. We're just different. I think being different and thinking differently is cool.”
Jo and Holly work hard to promote awareness of autism and this week, launched Wales' first Autism Heroes Awards to coincide with World Autism Awareness Day.
* To find out more, visit www.autismheroesawards.co.uk
December 10, 2016; Los Angeles, CA, USA; UCLA Bruins guard Lonzo Ball (2) controls the ball against the Michigan Wolverines during the first half at Pauley Pavilion. Mandatory Credit: Gary A. Vasquez-USA TODAY Sports
The UCLA Basketball team used a monstrous second half to take out the Michigan Wolverines after being tied at 50 at halftime.
Once again, the UCLA Basketball team used their second half superpowers to take down their opponent after a sluggish first half as the Bruins beat the Michigan Wolverines, 102-84.
Michigan Wolverines 84 Ucla Bruins 102
It was an electric scene inside the world famous Pauley Pavilion as the Bruins used the energy from the house that Wooden built to put a hurt on the Wolverines and outscored them 52-34 after the break.
Despite Michigan's hot 3-point shooting to start the game, the Wolverines could not keep up in the second as they finished 53.8% from behind the arc. At one point, UM was 75% from behind the line. Their loss was UCLA's gain.
The Bruins are a second half team and proved it once again as they came out the looker room on fire behind a 10-2 run. Though Michigan would fight their way back in, the Bruins kept the game out of reach, answering every basket UM had with one or two of their own.
Five Bruins scored in double-digits and all of them had 14 or more points. TJ Leaf once again led all scores with 21 points. Lonzo Ball was on fire from beyond the arc as he went 4/7 and finished with 19.
Bryce Alford had a lot of great looks in the second half and was one of the hotter Bruins towards the end of the game as he finished with 18.
Although quietly, Isaac Hamilton added 14 points with a game-high seven assists. Off the bench, Aaron Holiday kept his hand hot with 17 points on 6/7 shooting. Ike Anigbogu helped fill in for the injured Thomas Welsh as he had 6 points, 4 rebounds and 4 blocks.
Though Michigan likes to slow things down, there was no way they could halt the Bruins. UCLA was just so much better and their second half efforts once again put their opponent down for the night.
UCLA is now 10-0 on the season with three games remaining in the non-conference schedule. They next play UC Santa Barbara on Wednesday, December 14 at 7:30 p.m. PT at Pauley Pavilion.
WASHINGTON -- Indiana Gov. Mike Pence (R) has issued a letter welcoming visitors to Indianapolis for its upcoming Pride Festival, an attempt to assure the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community that no, the state doesn't really hate them, despite the recent "religious freedom" controversy.
"On behalf of the people of Indiana, welcome to Indianapolis," Pence wrote in the letter released this week. "I am confident that those of you who traveled from out of state will come to know our famous Hoosier Hospitality."
The pride festival, taking place June 6-13, bills itself as "by far the largest gathering of the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender community in the State."
Pence has had a toxic relationship with the LGBT community. In March, he signed the Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which would have allowed any individual or corporation to cite its religious beliefs as a defense when sued by a private party. Many opponents of the bill pointed out that because the legislation's language was so broad, it would have opened the door to widespread discrimination against LGBT individuals.
After significant backlash both nationally and within Indiana, Pence eventually signed a revised version of the measure that made clear RFRA could not be used by businesses to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation and gender identity.
But the damage had been done. Pence has seen a precipitous drop in his approval ratings, and the state has had to hire a public relations firm to repair Indiana's reputation. The frustration with Pence has extended even to members of his own party, who are worried that he may have tarnished the state GOP's brand and chances in the next election cycle.
According to the Indianapolis Star, the group Indy Pride, which organizes the event, requested the letter from the governor during the RFRA debate to demonstrate Indiana's inclusive spirit.
"What better way to show that Indiana is open for business and not targeting certain groups than for the Governor of Indiana to put out the welcome mat to these visitors," wrote Indy Pride.
Jennifer Wagner, a spokeswoman for the pro-LGBT group Freedom Indiana, said Wednesday that Pence's letter was a "nice gesture" but didn't go far enough.
"[T]he only way to make it clear that our entire state truly is open to and protects everyone is to pass a statewide nondiscrimination law that covers sexual orientation and gender identity," she said. "Indianapolis already has those protections in place, and it's exciting that Republican Indianapolis Mayor Greg Ballard will be the grand marshal of this year's parade."
"Freedom Indiana will be at Pride events across our state this month, and we hope the governor will welcome attendees at every one of those events and make it a priority in the 2016 legislative session to fix the damage done by RFRA with a nondiscrimination law that makes it clear that LGBT residents and visitors alike are welcome and protected in our state," she added.
Pence has said that passing nondiscrimination protections for LGBT people is not on his agenda.
Although the language in Pence's letter is quite vague -- he doesn't even explicitly mention the LGBT community -- it has incensed at least one group, the conservative American Family Association of Indiana.
"Governor Pence did not express support for the agenda of Indy Pride, in fact it was a rather benign letter, but the fact that it was sent at all, is a move that he, or his advisors, should not have even considered," wrote AFA in an email to supporters. "It wasn't politically necessary, or wise. Everyone knows that Indiana is a good state and that people are free to do as they choose, but that does not mean such 'freedoms' or all actions should be validated by government leaders."
Pence's letter, via Indy Pride:
HT The Bilerico Project
This piece has been updated with reaction from AFA.
Any new Reacher novel fits within a grid well known to Child's readers. There are first-person stories, narrated by Reacher himself (“Killing Floor,” “Persuader,” “Gone Tomorrow,” and three others), and third-person stories (the bulk of them). There are novels set during his Army career (“The Enemy,” “The Affair”) and novels set in the present, after Major Reacher's honorable discharge, in 1997 (the bulk of them). There are recurring tropes and themes. The novels roam across America, with a notable affection for places in the middle, for big, blank landscapes, for small towns where no one apart from Reacher ever wants to stop. He visits rural Nebraska, rural South Dakota in winter, back-country Texas in summer. He likes communities that, to outsiders, seem nowhere in particular. Child is a poet of diners and motels, venues that capture an itinerant's view of America. He dramatizes the lives you glimpse through a bus window, the glance into warm buildings from the cold outdoors. According to Graham Greene, Henry James once said that “a young woman with sufficient talent need only pass the mess-room windows of a Guards' barracks and look inside in order to write a novel about the Brigade.” The Reacher novels often have that feeling, of being constructed around half-longing insights into the lives of others. The writer whom Child most recalls, in this respect, is Georges Simenon, whose Maigret novels are the work of a man who travelled around France observing strangers and their mysterious routines. Simenon spent a lot of time in the kinds of places where travellers spend time. As a result, he set entire novels in cafés and bars, in fuggy interiors populated by secretive regulars, where the detective is an intruder. Readers find it easy to identify with this perspective: we ourselves are outsiders peeking into another world, like Reacher or Maigret. Reacher's character is defined by one startling device: he has no home and no belongings. He is a permanent wanderer, hopping from town to town with no aim in mind, and the novels are the story of the trouble he finds. Not only does he own nothing; he carries nothing. He doesn't even have a bag. Clothes? He buys a new set every few days. (On the issue of Reacher's underwear, it's best if we just don't go there. A 2011 survey by Clorox found that one in eight American men fails to change his underpants daily.) He is an existential hero, the apotheosis of the lone stranger, travelling the Lower Forty-eight with nothing but his folding toothbrush and his code. Here again is the shift from implausibility to something that feels real. The alienated, possessionless freedom of Reacher has a core of emotional truth. It's clear from the books that Reacher pays a high price for his freedom; he is lonelier and more isolated than he realizes. There is almost always a romantic interlude—“love interest” wouldn't be the right way of putting it, but Reacher's affairs do involve liking and lust and the not quite acknowledged appeal of a softer life. His version of freedom challenges the Superman test, but the yearning it expresses feels real. If you learn a little about the life of his creator, you'll find a hint as to why.
When Lee Child began writing the books, he wasn't Lee Child; he was an English television exec named Jim Grant, about to be laid off from his work at a provincial TV company in the northwest of England. Grant knew that he was going to be sacked, so on September 1, 1995, he went out and bought three notepads and a pencil, and used them to work on the book that was to become “Killing Floor”—and he has begun work on a new novel on the anniversary of that day every year since. In the course of those twenty-one years, the Midlander Jim Grant has become the U.S. thriller writer Lee Child, whose creation, Jack Reacher, has topped the New York Times best-seller list eleven times. It is an extraordinary story of reinvention, and it is, perhaps, a clue to the emotional armature of Reacher—a character who, to his creator, is very real. “When he writes,” the scholar Andy Martin has observed, “he goes into a ‘zone' in which he really believes that the nonexistent Jack Reacher is temporarily existent.” As Child puts it, “The novels are really reportage.” If this were a proposition in logic, you would say that Lee Child is to Jim Grant as Jack Reacher is to Lee Child: the incarnated idea of freedom. Within that freedom, the Reacher novels are variations on a set of themes: “the same but different,” as Child says. One of the books' great pleasures is following Reacher's turns of thought. Set-piece fight scenes are one of the fixed points of Child's work; the other is its opposite, Reacher's thought processes as he figures out who the bad guys are and what's going on. That's the usual setup: we know that something is happening, but we don't know exactly what, and we don't know who's behind it. It's hard to convey just how seductive following Reacher's thought can be. This is the appeal of most good detective fiction, from Sherlock Holmes on, but there aren't many writers who have made the process seem as real, as close to actual thinking, as Child has. A hint of how he does it came last fall, in the form of “Reacher Said Nothing: Lee Child and the Making of Make Me,” by the aforementioned Andy Martin, an academic from the University of Cambridge with an unusual portfolio of interests (he has published books on surfing, existentialism, Jules Verne), which includes being a Lee Child superfan. Martin persuaded Child to let him sit in on the writing of his previous novel, “Make Me,” and the upshot was that he literally sat there, in the room, while Child was writing the book. He was there on September 1st, when Child index-finger-typed its very first lines: Moving a guy as big as Keever wasn't easy. It was like trying to wrestle a king-size mattress off a waterbed. So they buried him close to the house. Which made sense anyway. The harvest was still a month away, and a disturbance in a field would show up from the air. And they would use the air, for a guy like Keever. Reading the opening as it was being written, Martin asked Child a question: Who is Keever? Child's answer: “I've no idea at this point.” Here we get the stupefying, almost impossible-to-credit explanation of how Child captures the texture of Reacher's thinking: because it's his thinking, too. He isn't giving the impression that he's figuring out a mystery; he's actually figuring out a mystery. In Martin's account, Child was about two-thirds through the writing of “Make Me” before he realized what the bad guys were doing. Zadie Smith has written about the distinction, among novelists, between Macro Planners, who lay out the structure of a story in advance, and Micro Managers, who make it up as they go along, and whose novels “exist only in their present moment, in a sensibility, in the novel's tonal frequency line by line.” Child is the epitome of the second type of novelist. Speaking as the other sort, I have to say that, to me, Martin's revelations were dumbfounding. I can just about see how a literary novelist, writing in an open-ended form, might invent his book from day to day. But a thriller writer, obliged to deliver a tight plot, the requisite number of twists and showdowns and set pieces, along with a sufficiently difficult but satisfyingly resolved mystery? It just doesn't seem possible. If I hadn't seen the evidence that Child has done it twenty-one times, I wouldn't have believed it.
CLOSE Coyotes captain Shane Doan will not return to the team. Wochit
Laurie Roberts: It took nine whole minutes for Coyotes owner Andrew Barroway to fire a guy who has long been the face and the heart of the team.
Shane Doan is recognized for his 1,500th NHL game and 400th goal before a game in January. (Photo11: Cheryl Evans/azcentral sports, Cheryl Evans/azcentral sports)
Turns out there is something besides a Stanley Cup that the Arizona Coyotes don't have.
A clue, that is.
The owners of Arizona's hockey team have once again demonstrated that they can't buy one of those any more than they can buy themselves a golden ticket to the playoffs.
How else could team owner Andrew Barroway, who recently bought out his partners to become the team's sole owner, possibly fire his most valuable star -- a guy revered both for his decency off the ice and his loyalty on it?
Doan stayed because it meant something
Shane Doan could have skated off in search of greater hockey glory any number of times.
Yet he stayed in Arizona through the off-ice trials and tribulations that have been a hallmark of this team since it arrived from Winnipeg two decades ago.
Stayed even though he could have made millions more by signing with better teams that would have loved to have No. 19 in their lineup.
Stayed because loyalty meant something to the guy.
At a time when professional sports seems filled with prima donnas and poor role models, the Coyotes had Doan.
Doan picked up the tab, time and again
Maybe Mr. Barroway never heard what happened in 2004-05, when the NHL had a work stoppage and the team cut health insurance benefits for its training and equipment staff.
Shane Doan heard about it. Then he quietly picked up the tab.
"As a dad, you understand the stress (that) would bring to a family. And I couldn't let that happen," he would later say.
BICKLEY: Time to say 'thank you' to Shane Doan
I'm thinking 21. As in 21 seasons he stayed with this franchise, one of just nine players in NHL history to exhibit that level of loyalty to a city and to a team.
I'm thinking 14. As in the number of seasons he's been captain and the face and the heart of this team.
I'm thinking 9. As in the number of minutes it took to fire him over breakfast at Scottsdale's First Watch.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Opinions Newsletter newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Our best and latest in commentary in daily digest form. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-332-6733. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Opinions Newsletter Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Dumped for younger guys? Really?
“The time has come for us to move on and to focus on our young, talented group of players and our very bright future,” Barroway said in a statement.
Seriously, Mr. Barroway?
Like most of Arizona, I'm not a big hockey fan. But I could become one. I caught my son's love of the Nashville Predators during their run for the Stanley Cup this year.
I don't know a deke from a dangle.
But I know who Shane Doan is, and I know that you don't build a relationship with a city by so callously dumping a guy who surely deserved better.
Why wouldn't the team bail on us, too?
The Coyotes owners have spent the last few years trying to coax us into building them yet another hockey arena. They felt cheated by Glendale's leaders and had no qualms about skating out of town, leaving that city's taxpayers still on the hook for $145 million on a 13-year-old hockey arena.
Earlier this year, desperate for another swipe into the public's pocket, the team and the NHL issued the state of Arizona an ultimatum.
Give us a new hockey arena, they said, or we'll leave.
There is talk the team could wind up in a new joint-use arena with the Phoenix Suns. There is talk the Salt River Pima-Maricopa community might build them new digs. And yes, there is talk that the team will leave.
Me? I'm thinking our leaders should think loooonng and hard before putting up so much as a dime, given this team owner.
Barroway bailed on the team's most loyal, most high-profile and probably most decent player, refusing to give him one more year and the goodbye-tour he surely deserved.
What makes you think he won't bail on the rest of us?
MORE ROBERTS:
Ducey loves innovation (except for Tesla)
Justice for Za'Naya? Or another way we've failed this child?
Read or Share this story: http://azc.cc/2tp4fcj
As the European Commission turns the heat up on Google over allegations that the company has abused its dominant market position in areas like search and mobile to create an anticompetitive environment for other online businesses, another small startup has joined the chorus of those crying foul.
Disconnect Inc. — a B Corporation startup co-founded by ex-Googlers to build software to help Internet users block ads and other third-party services that tracks them or potentially releases malware — has filed an antitrust complaint against Google, claiming the Android giant is abusing its market position by banning Disconnect's latest Android app, Disconnect Mobile, from the Google Play Store.
“Disconnect charges Google with abusing its dominant market position by banning Disconnect's app, a revolutionary technology that protects users from invisible tracking and malvertising, malware served through advertisements,” Disconnect.me said in a statement.
Unsurprisingly, Google thinks otherwise. The Android giant has issued a response to the complaint, calling the the claims “baseless” and explaining that there is a specific clause in its Google Play apps policy that Disconnect Mobile violates. In short, whatever Disconnect claims to do in protecting from malware, it also prevents apps from making money legitimately.
“This reported claim is baseless,” the company says in a statement provided to TechCrunch. “Our Google Play policies (specifically clause 4.4) have long prohibited apps that interfere with other apps (such as by altering their functionality, or removing their way of making money). We apply this policy uniformly — and Android developers strongly support it. All apps must comply with these policies and there's over 200 privacy apps available in Google Play that do.”
Disconnect Mobile, a freemium app (the premium version is $5/month or $50/year) that has been built for both iOS and Android, says it is specifically designed to protect against malware sites, identity theft by way of malicious tracking, and “malvertising threats” that are disguised as ads. The company claims that it's not anti-advertising.
“We don't oppose advertising and understand ad revenue is critically important to many Internet companies, publishers and developers,” Disconnect co- founder and CEO Casey Oppenheim says. “But users have the right to protect themselves from invisible tracking and malware, both of which put sensitive personal information at risk. Advertising doesn't have to violate user privacy and security.” It cites specific studies that highlight the risk of undisclosed tracking in Android apps as one justification for its app.
Disconnect started back in 2010 as a side project specifically as a Facebook ad-blocker when co-founder Brian Kennish was still at Google.
Since then it has gone on to raise funding — $4.1 million (modest by Silicon Valley standards) from investors like Highland Capital and CRV — and pick up over 10 million users of its various desktop extensions and mobile apps. (In the process, the two ex-Googler co-founders, Kennish and Austin Chau, have moved on to other projects but remain “friends” with the company, says Oppenheim, who is an ex-lawyer and longtime privacy and social justice advocate.)
Google blocking Disconnect Mobile is not news in itself.
The app was twice banned when it was posted to Google Play last year. After Google threatened to remove its developer account altogether over the matter — Disconnect currently still offers two other Android apps via Google Play — Disconnect decided to take a different approach when it launched a modified version in November 2014.
Disconnect Mobile for Android is now offered as a sideloaded option through its own site, as well as in partnership with others. In Europe, it has distribution agreements with Deutsche Telekom as well as a preinstallation deal with Blackphone.
But it's likely that Disconnect Mobile hasn't made up for the exposure Disconnect believes it would have had were it offered on Google Play directly, especially when compared to its downloads on iOS, Oppenheim says. (There, Disconnect Mobile might sit alongside hundreds of other security and privacy apps, but Google Play exposure still trumps the startup's other distribution channels.)
Oppenheim says Disconnect is not releasing the full complaint to the public just yet, so we don't know how many downloads it has seen of its Android app through the sideloading and preinstall deals.
Other details, such as what kind of compensation its demanding, are also not entirely clear, either.
“We want what the lawyers call ‘equal treatment,'” Oppenheim tells me in answer to a question about whether his company is seeking damages. “We want Android users to be able to get our products quickly and easily through the Play Store and we want to be fully supported by Google, just like other apps in the Store.”
Today, Disconnect is seizing the opportunity of filing a complaint in Europe at the same time as the wider EC-led investigation. But while it's quick to cite studies from the U.S. Senate that highlight the hazards of online advertising with regards to data privacy and security, Disconnect Inc. is not filing any complaints in the U.S. or any other market for now.
Time, and the potential outcome of this complaint — which could either be combined with existing antitrust complaints from other parties like the FairSearch.org consortium and Yelp; or treated separately since it specifically concerns ad tracking technology; or rejected altogether — will determine if Disconnect engages further with Google on the regulatory front.
Director Makoto Shinkai calls the animated feature's success — a rare Japanese hit in South Korea — "hard to believe."
Your Name has achieved a rare success for a Japanese film in South Korea in light of bitter historical conflicts between the two Asian countries, with the animated feature topping the local box office over the Jan. 6-8 weekend.
During its first weekend in cinemas, the acclaimed teenage body-swap drama – distributed by Megabox Plus M – scooped up 31.4 percent of the market share, earning $8.1 million according to the Korean Film Council's KOBIS database.
The animation's successful debut eclipsed Master, the local crime actioner from CJ Entertainment that topped charts for two straight weeks. Starring The Magnificent Seven's Lee Byung-hun, the film accounted for 21.5 percent of the share for a gross total of $44 million. Passengers, which brought in 13.3 percent of sales for a cume $3.5 million, took third spot.
Also among the top five were other foreign animated features: Sing, which claimed fourth with 6.5 percent for total earnings of $10.2 million, and Russia's The Snow Queen 3: Fire and Ice, which accounted for 5.9 percent with a haul of $1.5 million.
Your Name is expected to continue performing strongly as it dominates advanced ticket sales, which stood at about 26 percent as of Monday evening — way ahead of Master, which trailed with 7.9 percent.
The anime film's strong performance here has been noted by onlookers near and far, especially given escalating political tensions between Korea and Japan. Korea was a colony of Japan from 1910 to 1945, and remnants of the bitter past are deeply rooted among many nationals. In particular, the issue of Korean women who were forced into sexual slavery for Japanese soldiers during World War II — euphemistically known as "comfort women" — remains a sensitive issue here, and a recent turn of events over the topic resulted in Tokyo recalling the Japanese ambassador to Seoul on Friday.
Japanese cultural imports were banned in South Korea until the 1990s and the Busan International Film Festival — Korea's largest film event that was launched in 1994 — made headlines when it showed Japanese films in its early editions. It was in Busan last year where Your Name made its Korean premiere, and has since been positively received by local critics. Ironically, recent diplomatic tensions arose after Korean civic groups installed a "comfort woman" statue in front of the Japanese consulate in Busan in December.
The writer-director of Your Name, Makoto Shinkai, has called the film's rave reception here hard to believe.
"It's truly unbelievable. I am extremely grateful," he said during an interview with local radio station SBS Power FM, adding that he would keep a previously made promise with Korean fans to return to the country should the film cross 3 million admissions. Local industry watchers primarily rank films in terms of admissions, and Howl's Moving Castle by Hayao Miyazaki remains the most successful Japanese film in Korea to date with a total 3 million admissions in 2004.
Many expect that Shinkai will have to keep his word, with Your Name already nearing 1.2 million admissions after just four days. The film's success makes it one of the top five best-selling animated features in Korean cinema history, alongside the three Kung Fu Panda titles, Frozen and Howl's Moving Castle.
A New York Democrat in Congress has filed a bill that would forbid immigration officers from wearing clothing that says “POLICE.” Officials with U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) urge that it “may be a matter of life-or-death” for them to do so.
In law enforcement, often a risky occupation, being able to immediately ID yourself as law enforcement may be a matter of life-or-death pic.twitter.com/FtWpeI3Lv4 — ICE (@ICEgov) April 7, 2017
2
ICE agents and officers may initially identify themselves as “police” in an encounter because it is the universally known term for law enforcement, they say.
ICE agents & officers may initially ID themselves as “police” in an encounter because it is the universally known term for law enforcement pic.twitter.com/Z5dzK2wsMJ — ICE (@ICEgov) April 7, 2017
Moreover, these agents and officers are sworn law enforcement personnel who enforce the laws in our country.
ICE agents and officers are sworn law enforcement personnel who enforce our nation's laws pic.twitter.com/vBLC6BBSHB — ICE (@ICEgov) April 7, 2017
If she could have her way, U.S. Representative Nydia Velazquez (D-NY) would change that. She introduced a bill Thursday that would amend the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) to prohibit immigration officers and agents from wearing clothing with the word “police” on it.
According to the Los Angeles Times, officials and open borders advocates in the California city are leading an effort to halt the practice of ICE officials quickly identifying themselves as police. The mayor of LA, Eric Garcetti, City Attorney Mike Feuer, and City Council President Herb Wesson penned a letter to the directors of ICE and the ICE Enforcement and Removal Operations Division “to urge in the strongest possible terms that ICE immediately cease this practice in our city.” The officials sent a copy of the letter to U.S. Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly.
The Times reported that the officials used the oft-cited justification that “the city's immigrant communities are living in heightened fear of deportation and detention, and that such practices only discourage people from reporting crimes.” These city officials do not contend that the practice is illegal.
Rep. Velazquez calls the practice “completely unconscionable,” and the bill would apply to agents and officers with U.S. Customs and Border Protection:
When ICE agents identify as “police” our communities are compromised & afraid. It is completely unconscionable: https://t.co/AaIm1ayRLB — Rep. Nydia Velazquez (@NydiaVelazquez) April 7, 2017
The congresswoman told The Washington Post, “It could trick families into opening their doors to agents from ICE without a warrant.” “There's not going to be a lot of trust between the police and the communities,” she added.
She also charges that “hate crimes and hate rhetoric have increased since Donald Trump made it to the White House” and counters – “You didn't see that when Obama was in the White House.”
The Post reported that officials in the sanctuary city of Hartford, Connecticut, have also jumped on board to prohibit ICE officers and agents from identifying themselves as law enforcement. The police chief from Hartford issued a statement that said, “ICE agents should not identify as local police as it is misleading and can damage the important relationship with local communities.”
Harford Mayor Luke Bronin said, “our police and other public safety officers need to foster a relationship of trust with all our residents.” He argues, “Our police officers have worked hard to build that trust, and for ICE agents to present themselves as local police will undermine the hard work our department has done.”
Mayor Bronin contends “We follow all state and federal laws, and we will partner with anyone to help get violent criminals off the streets. But federal agents should not be creating the impression that they are local police.” News8 in Connecticut reports that Hartford sees itself as a “sanctuary city” and prohibits the local police or city agencies from collecting “immigration information.”
The Immigrant Defense Project and the Educational Alliance support Velazquez' bill. The Times also reported that the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), Service Employees International Union, Chinese Chamber of Commerce and the Central American Legal Assistance all champion the bill. Reps. Luis V. Gutierrez (D-Illinois) and Juan Vargas (D-CA) and other Democrats in Congress have also endorsed the bill, it reports. Breitbart News reported that officials detained Gutierrez in mid-March when he refused to leave a meeting in the Chicago office of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement. Gutierrez was leading a sit-in with illegal aliens who were demanding information on specific deportation cases.
Bob Price serves as associate editor and senior political news contributor for Breitbart Texas. He is a founding member of the Breitbart Texas team. Follow him on Twitter @BobPriceBBTX and Facebook.
Academic publishing is stuck in an outmoded system. Most scientific research is paid for by government and non-profit university funds, but high-profit corporate publishers often control access to the results of the research. In this video, we showcased the absurdity of the situation and also pointed towards how to get ourselves un-stuck.
There are significant costs associated with what journal publishers do, so we need publishers in some form. But there's no need for publishing to involve millions in profits and universities having to pay many thousands of dollars for a subscription to a journal.
In the video, the scientist mentions two of the ways we can move towards journal articles being available for free. First is supporting open-access journals. Most charge authors a fee, but one that is not too much higher than their costs, and the result is that anyone can download the article for free.
Another way a researcher can make an article freely available is by depositing the “post-print” in their university or institutional repository. A “post-print” is the draft of the article after it has been peer-reviewed. After a researcher revises their article in accordance with the comments of reviewers, they've got a file that may have the same content as that which the journal typesets and publishes. Although the journal usually owns the copyright to the journal version (after the author signs the copyright form), the researcher still in nearly all cases can take their own file, the post-print, and put it in an institution's official web repository.
If enough of us supported open-access journals, and deposited our other manuscripts in repositories, then journals could no longer charge exorbitant subscription fees. The reason is that with a high percentage of manuscripts available from open-access journals and repositories, universities would cancel their subscriptions to particularly expensive journals.
It's not just authors that provide free labor to the publishers. It's also the academics that review each of the articles. So, as reviewers we can also push things towards open access, by saying yes more often to reviewing manuscripts that will be open access, and less often to those that won't. If we can get a lot of people together to commit to this, it will make a direct impact as well as let others know how many of us support open access. To organize that, I've drafted a website called openaccesspledge.com. It also lists other pledges.
Advertisements
BALTIMORE (WJZ) — As we await the judge's verdict in the Officer Nero trial, one prominent lawmaker is calling for peace throughout the city.
Meghan McCorkell has more on his message.
Congressman Elijah Cummings says the city called for justice and whatever verdict is reached is justice.
With all eyes on the courthouse awaiting a verdict for Officer Edward Nero, Congressman Elijah Cummings is asking residents to stay calm.
“We must remain vigilant to our moral code of peace, no matter what the verdict,” Cummings said.
RELATED: Verdict Expected Monday In Freddie Gray-Officer Trial in Baltimore
The congressman was a major presence on Baltimore City streets last April when chaos broke out after the death of Freddie Gray. Hundreds marched through the streets calling for justice, and the congressman says that's what's happening now.
“The citizens of Baltimore asked for justice and this is the justice system,” he said.
The verdict for Officer Edward Nero will be decided by Judge Barry Williams, a man Cummings calls fair and tough-minded.
Police say they do expect peaceful demonstrations outside the courthouse Monday. Additional resources will be brought in if demonstrations do not remain peaceful and police forces from other jurisdictions are on standby.
“We think the public—and we've heard from the public, they don't want to see a repeat of what we saw last year,” said TJ Smith, Baltimore City police.
Protests remained small after a mistrial was announced for Officer William Porter in December. Just two people were arrested for disorderly conduct. Congressman Cummings is hoping for more of the same.
“The future of our community will not be defined at the moment of the verdict but in the days and years that will follow,” he said.
A verdict he says the city must accept.
The congressman says he spoke out today because he wanted to be proactive rather than reactive.
Follow @CBSBaltimore on Twitter and like WJZ-TV | CBS Baltimore on Facebook
It's a beautiful sunshiny day as I look out the window of a Kelowna internet cafe. I should be off at the beach, reading my book (Stephen Brunt's Searching For Bobby Orr, which is excellent by the way), but here I am slaving away at a computer to break down this afternoon's draft picks. It may be the off-season, but hockey is always on my mind. And besides, I'm pretty happy to be enjoying the cafe's air conditioning right now. It's 32 degrees out there, and it's killing me.
First, a few more thoughts on the Ballard trade now that I've had more time to think it over.
Last night, as I poured over my list for my fantasy draft (which isn't til September — but without cable or the internet at my place, I get bored easy and plotting out my draft plan kills time like none other), I realized that I need to assess this trade more as a fantasy owner and less than a fan.
What do I mean? I have an emotional investment in these players and this team that doesn't exist when I make fantasy assessments. I am not just a fan of the Canucks, but of Michael Grabner personally, having rooted for him since 2006 when I was at GM Place to see him get drafted. As training camps came and went and countless fans gave up on him as he failed to make the team, I stood firm in my belief that his speed and shot would make him an NHL player. Four years later, it's nice to be right.
But I need to put all that aside. In making fantasy decisions, all I care about is winning and the money that comes with it. I recently made a tough decision with my keeper team, electing to cut loose James Neal, a young and promising power-forward for the Dallas Stars, in favour of more help on D in the form of Montreal's P.K. Subban. This was very difficult for me, as I think the world of Neal and believe he'll be a big star (pun…intended?) in a few seasons. But objectively speaking, my team is stacked at forward, and Neal's contributions to my success this year will be easy to replace next season.
Applying that same logic to the Ballard trade, it's a lot easier to get over losing Grabner. Just like my fantasy team, the Canucks are stacked at forward and thin on D. Realistically, there was no room in Vancouver for Grabner to grow into the player I know he can become. And in the now, we are talking about a player who has only ever scored 5 NHL goals in his career. Any fourth-line player worth a damn should be able to replicate that production over the course of next season. Victor Oreskovich could even do it! And adding Ballard gives the Canucks a player they have needed desperately for at least two years now.
Some fans have expressed displeasure with Ballard's $4.2M salary, but I think we need to remember that as the salary cap continues to rise, salaries only inflate with it. The $6.1M that Henrik Sedin earned this past season might look like more than Markus Naslund's $6M salary on paper (because…it is), but Henrik was playing under a $57M cap, of which he occupied just shy of 11% of Vancouver's allotted cap space last year. Naslund's $6M, under a $39M cap? More than 15%. The point is that while $4.2M may seem like a lot (and it is the second highest salary Vancouver has ever paid a defenseman), it doesn't buy the kind of talent that it used to. And it actually takes up less of the cap than Kevin Bieksa's current deal did when he signed it.
So what's not to like?
Even the loss of a first round pick is offset somewhat when a player like Patrick McNally falls all the way to the 115th spot in the fourth round. McNally, the Canucks first selection in the 2010 draft, was a projected second-rounder, and the exact type of defenseman I was hoping for with that first round pick: a big, mobile puck-mover.
Standing at 6'2, there's plenty of room for McNally to add more muscle to his 180 lbs frame. And he'll have plenty of time to do that, as he's committed to another year of prep school at New England's Milton Academy before joining Harvard's NCAA squad for the 2011 season. Should he stay at Harvard for the duration of his schooling, he's a good five years away from even attending Canuck training camp. But his offensive skills are quite strong (he led his team in scoring with 14 goals and 35 points in 28 games — not too shabby for a defenseman), and his pro potential is promising. His father is also an FBI agent. That's not at all relevant, I just thought it was interesting.
With recent college free agent signing Chris Tanev set to turn pro for the Canucks next season — himself a highly touted NCAA defender from the Rochester Institute of Technology — the loss of this year's 25th overall pick becomes much easier to swallow. It also means there's no immediate rush for McNally to go pro. Tanev is but one of Vancouver's rookie-pro defensemen slated to join Manitoba next season, alongside 2008 second-rounder Yann Sauve, as well as 2009 third-round pick (and former Vancouver Giant) Kevin Connauton.
That's a good group of two-way defensemen, and while they won't all blossom into quality NHLers, the Canucks should be happy with getting even one or two NHL contributors out of the lot of them. And that's making no mention of last year's surprising Swede, Peter Andersson. All of a sudden, there is a glut of young defensemen in the pipeline where there were once none. It's still early, and none of those D are surefire bets, but it looks like Gillis has done a bang-up job of restocking the cupboard over the last few years.
Vancouver also added another big, puck-moving D in the fifth in Adam Polasek. And unlike McNally, Polasek actually plays with an edge. I can't claim to know much about his game, but his stat-line is intriguing — as is his recent nomination as QMJHL Rookie of the Year. It'll be interesting to see how the 6'2 Czech defenseman develops over the next few seasons. At any rate, he should be better than Libor.
After Polasek came Niagra IceDogs center Alex Friesen, shortly followed by Finnish goalie Jonathan Iilahti, both in the sixth round. Rounding out the group in the seventh was physically imposing defender Sawyer Hannay. As the fifth to last pick in the draft, it's unlikely Hannay ever amounts to anything, but this quote from his Red Line Report profile is nice:
Where did this guy come from? … Guys in the Q have already seen enough to know they don't want any part of him.
Friesen is a strong skater and relentless forechecker who received top marks from OHL coaches — he was voted both the hardest worker in his conference and the league's top faceoff man. He projects to be the player Ryan Kesler was before Kesler's offensive game exploded two years ago. And he's got quite the offensive game himself, scoring at a point per game pace in the OHL this season. He's also a fairly smart fellow — he was named the OHL's scholastic player of the year in 2008, and according to Gillis had the third highest score on the Canucks' aptitude test, for whatever that's worth. Even better than his smarts is his hitting ability. Hey Taylor Hall, guess who just followed you to the Northwest Division?
Iilahti is what he is: a Finnish goalie. So hot right now.
Overall, not a bad crop considering Vancouver didn't have a pick until 115th. Gillis has shown a penchant for taking players in their second year of draft eligibility, as they're more developed and will be ready to contribute sooner. Both Polasek and Friesen fit that profile this year.
But of course, all of these names are relevant today, only to fade into obscurity tomorrow. Ballard is the big move this weekend, and the name that will still be on the tongue come September. As I come to terms with the fact that Grabner is gone, I warm up to the trade more and more by the minute.
Advertisements
This past summer my wife and I had two of our young grandsons staying with us while their parents participated in a pioneer trek activity in their stake. Our daughter wanted to be sure that the boys practiced the piano while away from home. She knew that a few days with the grandparents makes it a little easier to forget about practicing. One afternoon I decided to sit with my 13-year-old grandson, Andrew, and listen to him play.
This boy is full of energy and loves the outdoors. He could easily spend all of his time hunting and fishing. While he was practicing the piano, I could tell that he would rather be fishing on a nearby river. I listened as he pounded out each chord of a familiar song. Every note he played had the same emphasis and meter, making it difficult to clearly identify the melody. I sat beside him on the bench and explained the importance of applying just a little more pressure on the melody keys and a little less on those notes that accompany the melody. We talked about the piano being more than just a mechanical miracle. It can be an extension of his own voice and feelings and become a wonderful instrument of communication. Just as a person talks and moves smoothly from one word to another, so should the melody flow as we move from one note to another.
We laughed together as he tried again and again. His dimpled-cheek smile increased as the familiar melody began to emerge from what was previously a wild set of sounds. The message became clear: “I am a child of God, and he has sent me here.”1 I asked Andrew if he could feel the difference in the message. He responded, “Yes, Grandpa, I can feel it!”
The Apostle Paul taught us about comparing communication to musical instruments when he wrote to the Corinthians:
“And even things without life giving sound, whether pipe or harp, except they give a distinction in the sounds, how shall it be known what is piped or harped?
“For if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall prepare himself to the battle?”2
If ever there was a time when the world needs disciples of Christ who can communicate the message of the gospel with clarity and from the heart, it is now. We need the clarion call of the trumpet.
Christ was certainly our best example. He always demonstrated courage to stand up for what was right. His words echo through the centuries as He invites us to remember to love God and our fellowman, to keep all of God's commandments, and to live as lights to the world. He was not afraid to speak against the earthly powers or rulers of His day, even when such were opposing His mission given to Him by His Heavenly Father. His words were not designed to confuse but to move the hearts of men. He clearly knew His Father's will in all He said and did.
I also love the example of Peter, who confronted the men of the world with courage and clarity on the day of Pentecost. On that day people were assembled from many countries criticizing the early Saints because they heard them speak in tongues and thought they were drunken. Peter, having the Spirit rise in his soul, stood up to defend the Church and the members. He testified with these words: “Ye men of Judea, and all ye that dwell at Jerusalem, be this known unto you, and hearken to my words.”3
He then quoted from the scriptures containing the prophecies of Christ and bore this straightforward testimony: “Therefore let all the house of Israel know assuredly, that God hath made that same Jesus, whom ye have crucified, both Lord and Christ.”4
Many heard his words and felt the Spirit, and 3,000 souls joined the ranks of the early Church. This is powerful evidence that one man or woman who is willing to testify when the world seems to be going in the opposite direction can make a difference.
When we as members make the decision to stand up and powerfully witness for God's doctrine and His Church, something changes within us. We take His countenance upon us. We become closer to His Spirit. He in turn will go before us and be on “[our] right hand and on [our] left, and [His] Spirit shall be in [our] hearts, and [His] angels round about [us], to bear [us] up.”5
True disciples of Christ are not looking to make excuses for the doctrine when it doesn't fit the world's current concepts. Paul was another valiant disciple, boldly proclaiming that he was “not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth.”6 True disciples represent the Lord when it may not be convenient to do so. True disciples desire to inspire the hearts of men, not just impress them.
Often it is not convenient or comfortable to stand up for Christ. I am sure that was the case with Paul when he was called before King Agrippa and was asked to justify himself and tell his story. Paul, without hesitating, proclaimed his belief with such power that this intimidating king admitted he was “almost” persuaded to be a Christian.
Paul's response witnessed of his desire for people to understand absolutely what he had to say. He told King Agrippa that it was his desire that all who heard him would not “almost” be Christians but rather would “altogether” become disciples of Christ.7 Those who speak with clarity can bring this to pass.
Over the many years that I have studied the story of Lehi's dream in the Book of Mormon,8 I have always thought of the great and spacious building as a place where only the most rebellious reside. The building was filled with people mocking and pointing at the faithful who had held on to the iron rod, which represents the word of God, and had made their way to the tree of life, which represents the love of God. Some could not bear up under the pressure of the people mocking them and wandered off. Others decided to join the mockers in the building. Did they not have the courage to speak boldly against the criticisms or messages of the world?
As I watch the current world moving away from God, I think this building is growing in size. Many find themselves today wandering the halls of the great and spacious building, not realizing that they are actually becoming part of its culture. They often succumb to the temptations and the messages. We eventually find them mocking or chiming in with those who criticize or mock.
For years I thought the mocking crowd was making fun of the way the faithful live their lives, but the voices from the building today have changed their tone and approach. Those who mock often try to drown out the simple message of the gospel by attacking some aspect of the Church's history or offering pointed criticism of a prophet or other leader. They are also attacking the very heart of our doctrine and the laws of God, given since the Creation of the earth. We, as disciples of Jesus Christ and members of His Church, must never let go of that iron rod. We must let the clarion trumpet sound from our own souls.
The simple message is that God is our loving Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ is His Son. The gospel is restored in these latter days through living prophets, and the evidence is the Book of Mormon. The path of happiness is through the basic family unit as originally organized and revealed by our Heavenly Father. This is the familiar melody of the message that many can recognize because they have heard it from their premortal life.
It is time for us, as Latter-day Saints, to stand up and testify. It is time for the notes of the melody of the gospel to rise above the noise of the world. I add my testimony to the message of the Savior and Redeemer of this world. He lives! His gospel is restored, and the blessings of happiness and peace can be secured in this life by living His commandments and walking in His path. This is my testimony in the name of Jesus Christ, amen.
Who's Drinking All The Booze In Utah? Video
SALT LAKE CITY (ABC 4 Utah) Strange and conflicting numbers on alcohol consumption in Utah. Preliminary fiscal 2016 numbers from The Department of Alcoholic Beverage Control show record sales of $427 million.
But a survey out from a group called DETOX.NET shows Utah has the lowest number of adult drinkers in the nation. Only 29% of Utah adults said they had an alcoholic drink in the past 30 days. By contrast, Washington, D.C. Had the highest number of drinkers, 62%.
So how can Utah have record setting sales and still have the lowest number of adult drinkers? One answer could be that Utahns lied when they were asked the drinking question.
Another plausible explanation is that the small number of drinkers are spending more money on better alcohol. Dr. Pam Perlich is Director of Demographic Research at the University of Utah's Gardner Policy Institute. "As the economy has gotten better, people are shifting from the economy drinks to more expensive cocktails because they're feeling more confident about their future."
Perlich says 4 things will continue to fuel the growth of alcohol sales in Utah. More young people turning 21. More drinkers moving in from out of state. The booming tourism business and the huge convention industry.
This week is a prime example with the Outdoor Retailers. 30 thousand people in town for 4 days, many on expense accounts and a large majority will be consuming alcohol.
Perlich also says the legalization of same-sex marriage will boost alcohol sales. "Before that ruling people went to California to get married and have their big parties there. Now they can have them here, their celebration of marriage right here in Utah."
For the Utahns who worry about rising alcohol consumption, Perlich says it's just part of being human. "My reading of human history is that fermentation of alcoholic beverages has been part of civilization for thousands of years and you know the species seems to continue on."
She also puts things in perspective when she points out that everything will see growth because of the state's robust economy. Yes, even the things consumed by non-drinkers. "The amount of jello sales are probably still going up. The amount of candy sales are still going up. I haven't looked at sugar consumption, but I suspect that it is going up."
Soap is the brand name of shoes made for grinding similar to aggressive inline skating . They were introduced by Chris Morris of Artemis Innovations Inc. with the brand name "Soap" in 1997. They have a plastic concavity in the sole, which allows the wearer to grind on objects such as pipes , handrails , and stone ledges. The company and their product rapidly gained popularity through fansites , a video game , and live demonstrations. Soap fell to legal vulnerabilities and was readministered twice, eventually bringing the brand to Heeling Sports Limited .
Soap shoes were essentially derived from rollerblades and aggressive skating. Chris Morris, a resident of California who worked at RollerBlade in Torrance for over sixteen years, worked to customize a simple shoe that had a grind plate embedded in the sole. The shoe was an average Nike, fitted for sliding. Concept 21 (a recently founded design firm) was called upon to design a sample so that the product could be finalized. They then formed Artemis Innovations, which would be the company the brand would be sold under for four years. In 2001, Mr. Morris lost control of the Soap license through legal problems. Activity within the company slowed down, and eventually, the remaining executives sold Soap.
In-Stride, a company whose target market was primarily wrestling gear, purchased Soap. In-Stride went bankrupt in late 2002, and Soap was once again available for purchase.
Heeling Sports Limited, the company behind the shoes with a wheel in the sole known as Heelys, realized that the grind plate could be very profitable when paired with their wheel, and acquired Soap later that year. In early 2003, six new Soap shoes were released, each in multiple color schemes; simultaneously, HSL was designing hybrid shoes to sell under the Heelys brand. HSL has been criticized for releasing too many new models at a single time, and not supplying requested stock to retailers frequently enough. There are currently no models of Soap shoes being produced by HSL.
The sport never caught on to the mass market in comparison to, for instance, skateboarding, but the brand "Soap" did have a professional team mostly consisting of former professional inline skaters such as Ryan Jaunzemis, Bryndon Smith, Danny Lynch, Paul Cifuentes, Eddie Ramirez, and Ben Kelly (Head of Research & Development, and Soap Shoes' wear-testing team). Soap's heyday was in the late 90's and early 2000s, when competing crews from across the Americas and Europe was releasing internet videos, spurring an online community of "Soapers." These crews have since disbanded along with the website forums, and now there are few proponents left.
A revival of sorts was noticed in early 2006 as more people were attracted to Soaping, and HSL responded by re-releasing their Express model in limited quantities. Soap Shoes continue to sluggishly regain popularity despite some difficulty due to Heelys using grind plates in addition to their wheels. That was until the recession had hit, which affected HSL most of all. Heelys stock was once 38 dollars per share,[1] and on August 8, 2007 Heelys had lost half of its stock value in a single day from $21.99 to $11.42. Now former CEO Michael Staffaroni at the time was expecting significant growth despite the stock plummet.[2] Soap Shoes at the time managed to have a very successful demo at Xtreme Wheels Skate Park despite HSL's financial problems.[3] A year later, the Soap Shoes Express was discontinued by HSL and liquidation for Soap Shoes began, with representatives from Heelys claiming to "just throw out" anything that was left over. Within a matter of five years, Heelys stock had sunk down to $2.25 per share and was sold to Sequential Brand Group for $63.2 million, taking the soap and other grind shoe patents with it.[4] Around the same time, the SOAP Shoes website was taken down with a logo that says it's under development. The SOAP Shoes website is completely blank as of January 2019.
Advance review of the Arrow Season 4 premiere, titled "Green Arrow"
Two years ago, as Arrow was moving into Season 2, there was a lot of talk about what a great show the series had become. Which is not to say the first season wasn't good, though I think many would agree that things got a lot better around episode 14, and it was a non-stop thrill ride from there on out, but Season 2 is where the show finally had an all-the-way-through good year.
Season 2 was helped by a strong Team Arrow, growth for the characters, and a genuinely scary villain.
I've been kind of honest in roundtables and such that Season 3 wasn't my favorite season of Arrow. However, much like how Season 2 was helped by learning what did or didn't work from the first year, I'm getting the feeling that Season 4 also has that thing where they've learned from what did or didn't work. And what do you know, we start with a strong Team Arrow, growth for the characters, and a genuinely scary villain.
Here are some things I liked about the premiere which airs on Wednesday, October 7. Obviously, some SPOILERS will be discussed within:
Team Arrow. While Oliver and Felicity are away in Ivy Town, Diggle, Thea, and Laurel — along with added assistance from a fourth character that is revealed in the episode — are a force to be reckoned with. Season 3 gave us a fractured Team Arrow, which made for great drama, but let's be honest: It's so much more fun to see a bunch of people who like each other. Additionally, all three of the members in the field seem to be proficient in what they're doing, and they all seem to respect one another. It feels good.
Olicity. I've also been kind of vocal in not liking how the “Oliver and Felicity” pairing felt rushed last season, especially at the end, but I have to say, the time jump of several months has really helped to define them. We definitely see what Felicity means to Oliver and the premiere more successfully shows that than they have in the past. Likewise, we see a Felicity who is not just taking a back seat to Oliver Queen… she feels more like the strong character many fans fell in love with, and I appreciate that. I also think the two characters are handling conflict a lot more maturely than they might have in the drama-filled Season 3. Both Stephen Amell and Emily Bett Rickards play the sides of the relationship and their new situations very well.
The Oliver Factor. Obviously, it's not a spoiler that Oliver and Felicity make it back to what is now called Star City. The re-insertion of Oliver into Team Arrow does revive some of the negative feelings, especially after what he did as Al Sah-Him late last season, but that drama feels very earned. Him and Diggle, especially, have a lot to discuss, and I'm happy that the team doesn't just wait for commands the second Oliver comes back. As I said, they make for more of a cohesive team now, and I hope that stays.
DC Comics shout-outs! You can't go to Coast City without a Green Lantern shout-out of some sort, right?
The Green Arrow is here! And finally, Oliver Queen has a cooler costume than everyone else. I approve of this, and I'm curious to see how Captain Lance will be with this idea. Speaking of Lance, there's a great scene with him and Oliver at a train station that sums up his feelings about the Arrow.
No Backseats. Aside from Malcolm Merlyn, who does not appear in this episode, I feel like no characters take a back seat in this episode. I hope Season 4 continues on that path. Arrow has a lot of good actors and good characters, and it's a shame when development for some falls by the wayside. Not so much here.
A Scary Villain! I will admit, Neal McDonough's Damien Dahrk is a bit over-the-top (which means I can't WAIT to see him opposite Malcolm at some point), but he does fit that mold of “actually scary.” I don't really know what he's up to but he brings some scary elements to the show that we have not seen before. He's certainly a great threat.
A Changed Thea? Through Thea, I think Arrow is going to get to explore one of those ideas they could only barely touch upon in the Huntress episodes, and that is: What happens when Oliver sees someone using the same strong tactics he did when he first started? It leads to growth for Oliver, and growth for Thea, and it adds some mystery as to just how much she changed as a result of being in the Lazarus Pit. Speaking of Thea, her team-ups with Laurel are fantastic, and I can see a good friendship growing there too.
Movie-style action is back. Not that it was ever away, but there are so many action sequences and big stunts… it feels like a movie, and it doesn't disappoint. The only thing bad about it is that now I notice when action isn't as good as what we get from the folks up in Vancouver, on other shows.
Setting up more mystery. That's all I can say about that for right now.
When Arrow is good, it is really, really good, and I hope others like the season premiere as much as I did. If Season 4 continues this path, I think the entire audience will leave happy.
See some photos from the season premiere here and if you'd like, read our interview with Arrow Executive Producers Wendy Mericle & Marc Guggenheim about Season 4, over at KSiteTV!
A Derbyshire policeman had to fight to save his job after paying £2 for biscuits a homeless man had stolen from a shop in Chesterfield.
The disciplinary case brought against Police Constable Martin Rothwell, said to be a “credit to the force”, has been branded a “total waste of money”.
PC Rothwell faced a gross misconduct hearing after admitting paying for the two packets of biscuits, which the homeless man had taken from a Poundland store.
The man was a prolific shoplifter and had been detained at the shop before police were then called.
PC Rothwell arrived and decided to pay for the goods and talk to the man outside, instead of arresting him, because he felt sorry for him and he wanted to make sure he had eaten.
Later, a Poundland employee reported PC Rothwell's actions to his bosses and a police professional standards probe began, which resulted in the hearing, eight months after the incident on July 6 2016.
At the hearing, PC Rothwell admitted lying on the report of the incident.
He wrote on the report that the homeless man had found £2 to pay for the biscuits and no crime had been committed. However, he openly told colleagues what he had done.
Barrister Nahied Asjad, who was chairing the hearing, said that thousands of pounds had been spent on bringing it. She added: “What does it say about the police force and target-driven standards when a police officer feels the need to lie to close the case?”
However, Peter Goodman, Derbyshire police's Deputy Chief Constable said the force has “no culture of targets”.
The hearing heard the homeless man was vulnerable, sleeps rough and is a “prolific shoplifter”.
Instead of arresting him, PC Rothwell took him outside and pointed him in the direction of soup kitchens and places of help.
PC Rothwell told the hearing that “nobody would know if the man died tomorrow”.
PC Rothwell admitted that on July 6, 2016, he failed to investigate the shop theft, paid the money himself and stated on the crime reporting system and to a control room that the homeless man had found £2 and no crime had been committed.
The actions amounted to misconduct and gross misconduct, which he accepted.
David Ring, who set out the case against PC Rothwell for the force, said the starting point for his actions “would have to be dismissal”.
He claimed that the officer had lied “in order to hide what he had done”. However, this was dismissed by the chair, who said his actions “did not amount to a cover-up”, because he had told other staff.
Ms Asjad said PC Rothwell showed the “highest degree of compassion” but said his actions were “unorthodox”.
She said: “Nobody in management spoke to him and explained what his mistake was. I have to question a lack of management in this case. This does not amount to a cover-up. He told two of his colleagues what he had done. Many thousands of pounds have been spent at this hearing.”
She said she had read evidence which described PC Rothwell as a “great team player” and “punctual”.
Before ruling that he should be given a written warning for 12 months, she said: “You're a credit to the force.”
PC Rothwell said during the hearing: “Emotion is not something I regularly show. Having dealt with that person, I could not expect somebody to understand the emotion I had at that time. Thousands of hours and pounds have gone for something I have done. “
Talking after the hearing, Mark Pickard, chairman of the Derbyshire Police Federation, said he was pleased with the outcome.
He said: “I would estimate this case has cost tens of thousands of pounds. I believe the panel gave the correct outcome under the circumstances. They thoroughly read-up on the case.
“This has been going on for nine months while professional standards have carried out their enquiries.
“This was nine months and tens of thousands of pounds over £2 worth of biscuits.”
Mr Pickard added that if police investigated every incident they came across “the justice system would collapse” with the workload.
And Mid Derbyshire MP Pauline Latham said the case was a “total waste of money”.
Peter Goodman, Deputy Chief Constable of Derbyshire police, said: “This hearing was to consider evidence about the honesty and integrity of an officer.
“Our investigation into his actions arose from a complaint from a member of the public and we have a legal obligation to investigate.
“At the hearing the officer accepted that what he did amounted to gross misconduct and apologised for his actions.
“Police officers should uphold the highest standards but everyone makes mistakes. Other members of the organisation, and those involved, need to learn from those mistakes.
“The disciplinary panel, which was headed by an independent legal chair, decided to deal with this matter by way of a written warning.
“I think it's important that our communities understand that there is no culture of targets within the force – something that the Chief Constable has been very vocal about both nationally and locally. Officers always have discretion about how they deal with incidents.”
The hearing was held on Monday.
SAN DIEGO -- Asked about the illegal formation officials failed to call on Kansas City kicker Ryan Succop's missed field goal that could have won Sunday's game for the Chiefs, San Diego coach Mike McCoy said his defensive unit was misaligned on the play.
McCoy also said the Chargers did not knowingly line up in an illegal formation.
"We misaligned on it," McCoy said. "I'm not going to deny that. But hey, those calls all balance themselves out over the year. It's part of the game. We're all human."
With the Chargers needing a win to advance to the postseason and the game tied at 24-all, Succop missed a 41-yard field goal that would have ended the Chargers' season.
However, replays showed the Chargers had seven players lined up to the right side of the defensive formation, a clear violation of a new rule implemented by the league this season. The rule states the defense can have only six players on one side of the formation on field goal and extra point attempts. The rule was put in place to help further protect players in vulnerable positions susceptible to injury.
Officials failed to call a penalty for illegal formation, which would have resulted in a 5-yard penalty and another opportunity for Succop to win the game with a 36-yard field goal attempt.
McCoy was asked whether anyone on the sideline or up in the coaches' booth knew his team was misaligned on the play and was concerned the penalty would be called.
"Things happen for reasons," McCoy responded. "I can't always tell you why, but they happen for reasons. ... We didn't do it on purpose, I'll tell you that."
San Diego quarterback Philip Rivers was asked whether he believed the missed call was payback for things that have not gone his team's way in the past.
"Did we get a few breaks yesterday? Yeah," Rivers said. "But did I think for one bit we were given anything? Absolutely not, we fought like crazy to stay alive all year. And we fought like crazy to earn these last four [wins]."
The Chargers won four straight and five of their last six games to finish 9-7 and reach the postseason for the first time since 2009. San Diego will travel to Cincinnati to play the Bengals in an AFC wild-card game Sunday.
Summer isn't the traditional season for a pantomime performance, but St. Pauli held theirs during the days following the end of last season. Manager André Schubert had taken the club to 4th place in the final standings of the 2.Bundesliga in the 2011/12 campaign, having taken on the unenviable task of replacing Millerntor legend Holger ‘Stani' Stanislawski. In the end Schubert's team had struggled towards the end of the season, and missed out on the playoff place on goal difference. It wasn't just the disappointment of missing out on the chance of promotion though that had raised doubts over Schubert, media rumours had circulated saying he had upset several members of the squad with his abrupt style of man management. It looked almost certain that Schubert would be sacked, but for whatever reason the board seemed to change their minds at the last minute and decide to stick, rather than twist.
Schubert sought to stamp his mark on a side he had largely inherited from Stani, bringing in Mohr and Gonther from his old side Paderborn. St. Pauli lost Max Kruse during the summer, the attacking midfielder earning a deserved move to the Bundesliga with Freiburg after a great 11/12 campaign. Carlos Zambrano was sold to Eintracht Frankfurt, Lasse Sobiech returned to Dortmund after his loan spell and Moritz Volz left on a free transfer to join 1860 Munich. But Schubert managed to acquire a number of loan signings, with young wingers Akaki Gogia (Wolfsburg) and Joseph Gyau (Hoffenheim) joining alongside Daniel Ginczek (Dortmund) and Christophere Avevor (Hannover).
August
The season didn't start well though for Schubert. The manager changed the style of play and formation for the team, lining up with a 4-4-2 and an emphasis on attacking, but a 0-0 draw away at Aue was followed up by a slow performance at home, where St. Pauli were held 1-1 by Ingolstadt. A 3-0 cup victory over Offenburger in 40c heat did nothing to cool the pressure on Schubert, and questions were raised when the club then travelled to Energie Cottbus and were outplayed in every department. The 2-0 scoreline didn't tell the story of an unacceptable performance.
September
The team responded from the poor defeat in Cottbus, with their first victory coming at home to Sandhausen in a decent 2-1 victory. After the international break, St. Pauli then travelled to Köln, who had also struggled in the opening weeks of the season under the familiar face of Holger Stanislawski. St. Pauli were solid enough in Köln but were struggling to create chances going forward and ended up settling for a 0-0 draw. Schubert had talked about his strike-force and scoring plenty of goals during pre-season, but the team looked unorganised and disjointed in the opening weeks, with very little attacking chances created.
The last week of September brought about ‘English week' in the Bundesliga, named such because it is a rare occurance of 3 games in a week. Schubert started the week, but following defeat at FSV Frankfurt and a dismal 1-0 defeat at home to newly promoted Aalen, he was sacked and didn't even make it to the end of English week.
Schubert left the Millerntor with the club languishing in the relegation zone and fans starting to worry about the threat of relegation. The gamble by the board hadn't worked, and Schubert's reshuffle of the squad and reforming of the tactics hadn't either.
Thomas Meggle was placed in temporary charge for the final game of “English week”, a Friday evening trip to Jahn Regensburg. Meggle immediately changed the formation back to a 4-5-1 formation, but it was to no avail. St. Pauli were poor, and the newly promoted side were deserved 3-0 winners.
October
The club's board and sporting director Rachid Azzouzi stepped up the search for a new manager, desperate to halt the decline. Michael Frontzeck, who had previously managed Aachen, Bielefeld and Monchengladbach was appointed within days. It was decided though that Meggle would again take charge for the upcoming game against Union Berlin, with Frontzeck taking a back seat and giving him more time to work with the players during the impending international break.
Frontzeck watched from the stands as his new side were unlucky to only gain a point against the side from the capital. The team put in the best performance of the season so far, but two incredible goals from Union's Mattuschka gave the away side a point.
Frontzeck then officially became manager, giving him two weeks and a couple of friendly matches to work with the squad during the international break. The team won both friendly games against Greuther Fürth and SC Wiener Viktoria, so went into the away trip to Paderborn with renewed confidence under the new coach. Unfortunately, an old face came back to haunt St. Pauli in Frontzeck's first game in charge. Frontzeck opted with a 4-5-1 formation, with Daniel Ginczek named as the lone striker. St. Pauli were the better side, and had the best of the chances. Ginczek gave them the lead just after half-time, but then sat back on their lead and were punished by a great finish from substitute Deniz Naki. It should have been an away win, with St. Pauli having plenty of chances to win the game late on, but failing to find the winner.
Next up was the visit of Dynamo Dresden to the Millerntor for Frontzeck's home debut. St. Pauli were losing 2-0 after 30 minutes, and looked down and out. But a Fabian Boll goal on the stroke of half time gave the side a bit of optimism, and they came out for the second half fighting. The impressive Avevor got the equaliser shortly after half-time, and the come-back was completed minutes later with Ginczek finding the net again. St. Pauli could have had more and were deserved 3-2 winners, their first victory in almost 2 months.
After good performances against Union Berlin and Paderborn, and victory against Dresden, the side then travelled for a 3rd round cup tie against Stuttgart, who were also experiencing an upturn in form following a poor start to the season. Stuttgart's class showed, and they were comfortable 3-0 winners. The away end was rocking though despite the score, with a jovial atmosphere before, during and after the game.
NOVEMBER
St. Pauli's main concern though was the league, and despite 5 points from 3 games, they were still in a precarious position. A trip to 1860 Munich wasn't the easiest fixture to face at the end of a busy week, particularly with a number of injuries and suspensions hampering the squad. Frontzeck made six changes, but it didn't matter. St. Pauli were dominant, looking like a completely different side to the one that had suffered defeats against Aalen and Regensburg a month ago. St. Pauli were 2-0 winners, with Boll and then Ginczek again finding the net.
Struggling Bochum were the next team to visit the Millerntor, and gained a point rather fortuitously. Daniel Ginczek was on the score sheet for the 4th successive game since the arrival of Frontzeck, but St. Pauli couldn't take their chances to extend their lead and were punished. A Bochum free-kick resulted in a goal for the away side, the ball hitting the back of Dabrowski and deflected in at the near post. Although the unbeaten run continued, two points had been dropped.
The biggest test of Frontzeck's reign came a week later, with a Monday evening trip to 2nd placed Hertha Berlin. The game was a tight affair, with St. Pauli happy to sit back and try to hit Hertha on the counter. Tschauner in the St. Pauli goal was in superb form, making several top quality saves to deny Hertha and the game looked to be heading for a goalless draw. But five minutes from the end, the home side made the break through. St. Pauli were again unlucky not to get a point though, on 88 minutes a corner was met by Schachten and seemed destined for the net, but Hertha defender Pekarik got his knees in the away and deflected the ball onto the post and out. 1-0, and the first league defeat for Frontzeck.
St. Pauli got over the disappointment of the defeat in Berlin with a comprehensive victory against Duisburg, who had been rocked by an injury crisis on the pitch and a financial crisis off it. Ginczek had given St. Pauli the lead, but Duisburg equalised in bizarre fashion right on half time. A seemingly hopeless cross bounced inside the box, and Kringe and Tschauner left it to each other to clear. Neither did, and it bounced straight into the goal. But St. Pauli were inspired by Fin Bartels who scored twice in the second half, and Mahir Saglik finished the game off late-on in a 4-1 victory.
November ended with another difficult away tie. A midweek trip to leaders Eintracht Braunschweig. St. Paul were missing leading scorer Ginczek, and early pressure from Braunschweig gave them an early lead after a good finish from Kumbela. It went from bad to worse for St. Pauli soon after, with Fin Bartels receiving a very harsh red-card for a seemingly hard but fair tackle. Without Ginczek the side didn't really threaten going forward, but could have taken a point from the game after Gyau had a goal ruled out for a foul on the goalkeeper. Avevor had gone for a 50-50 ball in the air with the goalkeeper, which the referee adjudged to have been a foul. It looked harsh, and was another example of a refereeing decision going against the boys in brown.
December
The fixture list didn't get any easier for St. Pauli, with unbeaten Kaiserslautern next up at the Millerntor. For once, the luck was with St. Pauli. Kaiserslautern were denied on several occasions by a combination of the defence, Tschauner and the post. They could have had 2 or 3 goals in the first half, with St. Pauli barely threatening, but the game was 0-0 at half time. In the second half, the home side were much better, and made the break-through with a fortunate goal by Ginczek. A cross found him unmarked with an open goal to tap the ball in from four yards, but he sliced his shot and it hit the past – only to bounce straight back to him for him to finish it at the second attempt. The goal deflated the away side, and they were defeated for the first time this season.
The final home game of the season came against Aue, who St. Pauli had struggled against last season both home and away. The ‘bogey side' had won 3-2 at the Millerntor last season, and picked up a similarly impressive victory this time. The game was almost called off due to snow on the pitch, and in hindsight perhaps it should have been. Over 300 volunteers helped clear the pitch and the stands from snow, and the game went ahead. The game was rather even during the first half, but in the second half Aue took their chances, whilst St. Pauli created chances but were unable to find the net. A 0-3 scoreline didn't really reflect the game, but it was a severe wake-up call for Frontzeck and the coaching staff with the club not yet out of danger of relegation.
The final game of the first half of the season was an away trip to Ingolstadt. Ingolstadt were expected to do well this season having spent money during the summer, but they had struggled with consistency. St. Pauli were the better side and had a goal ruled out incorrectly for offside and couldn't take their chances in the final third. Ingolstadt rarely troubled Tschauner, and would have been the happier of the two sides with the 0-0 full-time score.
St. Pauli therefore head into the winter break in 13th position on 22 points. 6 points ahead of Dynamo Dresden who occupy the play-off relegation place. If St. Pauli can continue their improved form since Frontzeck took over then they should have no worries about avoiding relegation, but the team must not get complacent. We need to improve our attacking options, with only 18 goals in 19 games, we are the only side to average less than a goal per game. We have created more goal-scoring opportunities than most teams in the league, but have failed to take our chances. Without the impressive form of Ginczek, we would be in deep trouble. Bartels has 4 goals, but Schindler, Gogia, and Buchtmann who have regularly occupied the other attacking options haven't really looked like providing goals on a regular basis. This is surely something that Frontzeck will work on during the winter break, as he tries to make his own mark on the squad. With some improvement going forward we should finish comfortably in mid-table.
Russia on Tuesday signed a deal with Iran to build two new nuclear reactors at the Iranian Bushehr plant and expand the total number of reactors in the country to eight, Russian news agencies reported.
Besides Bushehr, four Russian reactors could be built elsewhere in Iran, and the two countries would also look into "producing components of nuclear fuel in Iran," local news agencies said, citing a statement from Russia's state-owned nuclear company Rosatom.
The agreement precedes a Nov. 24 deadline for a deal at talks between Iran and world powers that would curb Tehran's nuclear programme, which the West says may be aimed at building atomic weapons but Iran says is for peaceful purposes.
Russia, which is involved in those talks, considers producing nuclear fuel components there, according to the memorandum signed by the heads of the state atomic bodies, Sergey Kirienko of Russia's Rosatom and Ali Akbar Salehi of Iran's Atomic Energy Organisation (AEOI).
Iran already runs one Russian-built reactor in its Bushehr power plant.
Last Update: Tuesday, 11 November 2014 KSA 15:12 - GMT 12:12
Kash, at the Street Light, has a very good post on the price of gold and its relationship or lack thereof to inflation fears. He points out that the market for gold is surprisingly small, so that it would take only a relatively small number of extra buyers to push the price way up, even when other, more direct measures of expected inflation remain low. And he draws a parallel with diamonds:
It's also conceivable that a good advertising campaign by gold producers could be enough to move the price of gold. Imagine that an effective, sustained advertising campaign, targeted at wealthy, conservative individuals in the US, is able to persuade 25,000 of them per month to switch a portion of their financial assets into gold. (Note that the target audience would be those roughly 3 million US households that have over $1 million in financial assets.) Suppose for the sake of argument that each of them is persuaded to shift just 5%, or $50,000, of their portfolio into gold. Such an advertising campaign would have the effect of pushing $15 bn per year into the market for investment gold — very possibly enough to have a significant impact on the price of gold, given how small the overall market for gold is. Note that a very similar thing happened to the market for diamonds in the middle of the 20th century. The DeBeers diamond cartel used an incredibly successful advertising campaign in the 1950s to cement the idea of the diamond as the premier gemstone, and in so doing permanently changed the value of diamonds.
Surprisingly, though, Kash doesn't say explicitly that this parallel is not at all hypothetical. Glenn Beck was financially intertwined with Goldline, and therefore had a financial stake in pushing fears of hyperinflation. And he had many, many viewers. So there was a direct channel through which conservative Americans were being pushed into buying gold.
Market prices almost always tell you something useful. But sometimes what they tell you is that there's a marketing scam in progress.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brazilian World Cup legend Ronaldo has been struck down with deadly dengue fever.
The star saw in the New Year from his hospital bed after a mosquito bite left him with the tropical disease.
The former Real Madrid striker tweeted a picture of himself hooked up to a drip on a hospital bed. He told fans: “Good morning to all those who began the New Year with dengue fever. Thanks for the support. I'm now recovering.”
He added on his account: “Damned mosquito”.
The star has been checked out of hospital and is now recovering at home. He had spent the Christmas holidays at his house in the north eastern state of Bahia.
Ronaldo, 34, full name Ronaldo Nazario de Lima, retired from football last year after a glittering career.
In 2002, he won the World Cup for his country, scoring two goals in the final.
More than 300 died of dengue fever in Brazil alone in the first part of last year.
My Santa really put together a thoughtful and awesome gift! I was super surprised to find not one but two gifts mailed to me since I only had tracking for one. Sneaky Santa!
Sorry Santa, the Tummy Tea arrived first and I excitedly opened it wondering what it could be. Thank you SO much for this gift. Santa knows I post in r/crohnsdisease frequently and knows that both Crohn's and I put my guts through copious amounts of torture. This tea should help my innards relax before the next battle begins! The little note card reads "Gotta have some tea for the mug! (Hope the mug came first so I didn't blow the surprise)" BUT...it did not ruin the surprise! At this point I know I'm getting a mug but what mug could it be?!? So I open the second box and Santa appealed to my designer side. The other designers at work will be so jealous when they see me sipping my tasty tea from this kick ass cup!
To my Santa, thank you for such wonderfully appropriate gifts. I hope you have a wonderful holiday!
Article originally published on The News.pl.
Poland – The European Commission is waging a “policy of harassment” and is “discriminating against Poland”, Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski has said, referring to a string of complaints in Brussels against Warsaw.
The Polish foreign ministry added: “Regrettably, we conclude that in our view the European Commission does not show willingness to conduct dialogue of a legal nature.” It accused European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans of “schematic” responses to Warsaw's arguments.
The most recent in a series of concerns about Poland voiced in Brussels is the “illegal” new retirement law which will from 1 October allow women to retire at 60 and men at 65.
Brussels said different statutory retirement ages for the sexes was “gender discrimination”.
But Waszczykowski said the accusation was part the EU's “policy of harassment, a policy of discriminating against Poland”.
Brussels has also accused Poland of illegal logging in the protected primaeval Białowieża forest, undermining rule of law, and reneging on an EU agreement to resettle migrants.
Waszczykowski said the “harassment” was financially motivated because Poland is “a large economy” and some European Union countries cannot deal with Poland's strong market position.
He said France wants to limit access to its market because Paris feels threatened by Polish builders, transport companies and tradespeople, which have been accused of undercutting local workers.
But Poles offer quality work at a competitive price and cannot be beaten, Waszczykowski said.
Brussels has pushed for laws to ensure that so-called posted workers – European Union employees, such as truck drivers, whose job has them work in a different European member state – are paid the minimum wage of the host country.
The EU has threatened sanctions against Poland, while some European leaders have suggested cutting or freezing Warsaw's share in the bloc's budget.
But Waszczykowski said funds could not be taken away as punishment for bad behaviour because they were a right.
CARBON monoxide gets a bad rap. The gas, produced by incomplete combustion of hydrocarbons, causes hundreds of deaths every year by poisoning and sends many thousands to hospital. These are mainly the result of leaking cooking and heating equipment, but the colourless, odourless and tasteless substance, known to chemists as CO has also aided many a suicide. Most horrifically, Nazis used it in gas chambers.
But there is more to the “silent killer”, as CO is sometimes called. It is produced by many cells in the human body, where its molecules play a crucial role in activating enzymes involved in controlling the dilation of blood vessels, and thus blood flow. Mice in which the gene for producing the compound has been knocked out develop faulty organs and tend to die prematurely.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Exploiting this insight, researchers have successfully used CO to treat a number of ailments in lab critters. These include pulmonary hypertension, an otherwise incurable disease in which thickened arteries obstruct the flow of blood, leading to heart failure. The gas also keeps inflammation in check, in particular following organ transplants, where the recipient's immune system tries to fend off the alien graft.
The reason human patients have so far been unable to benefit from any of this is CO's gaseous nature. That makes it difficult to deliver in the right amounts to the parts of the body that need it. The problem is exacerbated by CO's narrow “therapeutic index”; pump too little in and it won't work, overshoot and it causes harm by binding more strongly to haemoglobin, making less of this substance available to carry oxygen around the body.
Frederick Montgomery and Duncan Bathe think they have come up with a way to hit the sweet spot. Their Coke-can-sized gizmo, which they devised while working at Ikaria, an American drug firm that both have since left, contains a cartridge of pressurised CO, a tube to deliver the gas to the patient's nose, and a few buttons to set the required dose. A sensor connected to a nozzle at the end of the tube constantly measures the patient's breathing rate and adjusts the amount of CO dispensed with each breath. A slew of safety features, including automatic shutdown if anything seems amiss, are meant to eliminate the risk of CO overdose and ensure that none leaks out, endangering others.
Scientists at another American pharmaceutical company, Sangart, meanwhile, have been encasing the gas—or, strictly speaking, CO-ferrying haemoglobin—in a polymer pouch. Kim Vandegriff and her colleagues have been using polymer wrappers a mere nanometre (a billionth of a metre) across. These can be engineered to break open only where its CO load is needed. Early trials have shown promise in treating sickle-cell anaemia, a disease caused by a faulty haemoglobin gene.
Unlike most drugs, CO is not broken down by the body. Instead, once its job is done, it is transported to the lungs and exhaled. As a result, it produces no side effects. Given the right dose, then, it can heal silently, too.
It may be unsurprising that David Miranda's arrest was The Guardian splash today. He is, after all, the partner of a Guardian journalist, Glenn Greenwald.
But his extraordinary nine-hour detention under schedule 7 of the Terrorism Act was surely worthy of big coverage elsewhere. Is it not obvious that it amounts to an attack on press freedom let alone an abuse of the man's human rights?
The story got full measure on radio and TV news bulletins last night and this morning. So how did the rest of the British press cover this major story?
I accept that it broke late. Metro's website story (with a SEO-savvy headline "Edward Snowden journalist's partner detained under terror laws") was timed at 9.52pm.
That was certainly not too late, however, to prevent newspaper coverage. Well done therefore to the Daily Telegraph, which managed to get a mention in print from its second edition onwards (with a goodly online show too). The tribute is qualified, however, because the paper's print version was tucked away as a bottom-of-page two-column item on page 4, "Reporter's partner detained at Heathrow."
I couldn't find it in print in The Independent, but the paper's website gave it a big show. There was a paragraph in i's page 2. By contrast, there was nothing in the former paper of record, The Times. And it wasn't even on its website as far as I could see.
The Daily Mail restricted its coverage to its website, "Brazilian fury as partner of journalist who reported Edward Snowden's spying revelations is detained at Heathrow airport for nine hours under anti-terrorism laws".
There was nothing in the Daily Express, Daily Star, Daily Mirror, The Sun and the Financial Times.
This was a remarkable oversight by newspapers that have made so much of journalistic freedom throughout the Leveson saga. Is it not a story when a journalist's partner is arrested? Or is this yet more evidence of an anti-Guardian agenda?
It reminds me that in June I wrote a blogpost headlined "Edward Snowden spoke, so why did the British press turn a deaf ear?"
Edward Snowden is an heroic whistleblower. The journalist who wrote his story, Glenn Greenwald, was responsible for breaking one of the world's greatest exclusives.
Should we journalists, as a community, not be rallying to their cause rather than looking the other way?
Prior to joining Arsenal, Lukas Podolski played for Bayern Munich in between two spells at Cologne
Arsenal striker Lukas Podolski has joined Inter Milan on loan until the end of the season.
The 29-year-old, who joined Arsenal in 2012, was greeted by fans in Milan at the weekend and the Gunners confirmed his move to Serie A on Monday.
Inter Milan tweeted: "Podolski will wear the number 11 shirt. He is in the squad for Juventus v Inter and on his way to Turin with the team."
Podolski had not started a Premier League game for Arsenal this season.
Despite playing four times during the Gunners' run to the last-16 of the Champions League, scoring three times, he played just 99 minutes in the Premier League.
"I can't express in words my gratitude towards Arsenal fans for all they have done for me," wrote Podolski on Instagram ahead of completing his move.
"Please know my heart always holds a place for you. I've loved every minute playing for Arsenal and I hope I have left my mark on the club and fans alike. Hopefully we shall meet again."
Podolski took to Instagram on Saturday and posted: "New year, new beginnings. #ForzaInter #Mancini #Inter #Poldi"
Since his £11m move from Cologne to north London, Podolski struck 31 goals in 82 games.
He will now work under former Manchester City boss Roberto Mancini and alongside ex-Manchester United defender Nemanja Vidic at the San Siro with Inter currently 11th in Italy's top tier.
Podolski was an unused substitute in Arsenal's 2-1 win at West Ham on 28 December, with his last action coming in the 4-1 victory over Newcastle on 13 December.
NHK has just announced the artist line up for their annual New Year's Eve program, 'The 63rd Kohaku Uta Gassen'!
As reported earlier, actress Horikita Maki and popular group Arashi will be this year's hosts. Also,�AKB48 and Terry Ito were chosen to be the official supporters.
This year's 'Kohaku Uta Gassen' will feature a total of 50 artists. It will air on December 31st from 7:15 JST.
Check out the full line up below!
===
Red Team (Female)
aiko (11)
Ayaka (6)
Ikimonogakari (5)
Ishikawa Sayuri (35)
AKB48 (5)
SKE48 (1)
Kyary Pamyu Pamyu (1)
Koizai Kaori (16)
Koda Kumi (8)
Godai Natsuko (19)
Sakamoto Fuyumi (24)
Tendo Yoshimi (17)
Nakashima Mika (9)
Nishino Kana (3)
Perfume (5)
Hamasaki Ayumi (14)
Fuji Ayako (18)
Princess Princess (1)
Mizuki Nana (4)
Mizumori Kaori (10)
Momoiro Clover Z (1)
YUI (1)
YUKI (1)
Yuki Saori (13)
Wada Akiko (36)
-
White Team (Male)
Arashi (4)
Itsuki Hiroshi (42)
HY (2)
EXILE (8)
NYC (4)
Kanjani 8 (1)
Kitajima Saburo (49)
Go Hiromi (25)
Golden Bomber (1)
Kobukuro (7)
Saito Kazuyoshi (1)
Sandaime J Soul Brothers (1)
SMAP (20)
Tachi Hiroshi (2)
TOKIO (19)
Tokunaga Hideaki (7)
AAA (3)
Naoto Inti Raymi (1)
Hikawa Kiyoshi (13)
FUNKY MONKEY BABYS (4)
Fukuyama Masaharu (5)
Hosokawa Takashi (36)
Porno Graffitti (11)
Miwa Akihiro (1)
Mori Shinichi (45)
-
Source: Kohaku Uta Gassen Official Website
Image: natalie
Tags
Trailers are an under-appreciated art form insofar that many times they're seen as vehicles for showing footage, explaining films away, or showing their hand about what moviegoers can expect. Foreign, domestic, independent, big budget: What better way to hone your skills as a thoughtful moviegoer than by deconstructing these little pieces of advertising? This week we try, and fail, to move out of our parent's house, house ferocious animals in the middle of Harlem, get our haute bougie food on in Tokyo, murder some people for funsies, and peep the violent latest from the next director of the Sicario series.
Suburra Trailer
This is your first taste of what the follow-up of Sicario might look like.
Sure, many people had the air taken out of their proverbial sails when it was reported that Denis Villeneuve wasn't going to be helming a sequel to the fantastical entry that was Sicario. Some of my own education, however, on what sequel director Stefano Sollima might bring to the cinematic table ekes out in this trailer. Already a critical success with nominations and wins under its belt, this film seems to know the language of violence in its many permutations and isn't shy about displaying it. I love the frenetic nature of the trailer as wanton violence and narrative is interwoven into a pastiche of mixed images and sounds. We aren't rushed as much as we are pushed into this world and, once it begins, it does not relent until the end.
Ants on a Shrimp: Noma in Tokyo Trailer
Light fare.
Sure, so director Maurice Dekkers' documentary about some hoity-toity restaurant from Copenhagen to Tokyo doesn't seem like gripping material but, somehow, the allure of crazy, visionary chefs and the minions who work beneath them never gets old for me. The first twenty seconds here are rock solid. We establish some humor, the background, the caliber of individual we're dealing with, and the whole reason we're here. It's culture shock, it's east meeting west, it's this melange of different personalities and influences that crash into one another. The trailer captures that essence and serves it up tantalizingly. Somehow I end up getting genuinely invested in whether this crew and pull off something as ambitious as going from nothing to something but that's the mark of a good trailer; I'm left yearning to know.
The Library Suicides Trailer
Daredevil, Doctor Who, Black Mirror, Torchwood, the resume is impressive.
Director Euros Lyn hasn't really made a name for himself outside of the television episodes he's directed but this looks simply sumptuous. I must have watched this a few times before giving up on trying to suss out what I think is going on but it's damn pretty to look at. It's mysterious and obtuse and doesn't really want you to get too close but I'm OK with that. It engages you on a whole different level and it's not afraid to stay at arm's length. Fine, be that way.
Ming of Harlem: Twenty One Storeys in the Air Trailer
This is, straight up, wild.
I don't know what director Phillip Warnell is trying to get me to think after watching this but I'm literally left hanging on the idea of what in the world was this guy doing with a tiger and alligator in a five-bedroom apartment in the middle of Harlem. This trailer won't give up any of its insight but what we are given here, though, borders on the poetic. The pull-quotes help to reinforce that what you're seeing is some next level shizz but, outside of that, you're on your own to decipher what kind of story this is going to be. It's OK though as I'm dialed in to what it's putting out.
Adult Life Skills Trailer
This trailer is accompanied by a fascinating article if you have the time to explore the genesis of this one. Kind of fell in love with this quote from the director:
“It annoys me that there's this huge emphasis on strong women characters, because … what is a strong female character?” she asks. “I wanted to make a woman who was like me, and my friends. Sometimes you're confident and bolshy, sometimes you're really embarrassed or shy. Sometimes you just can't cope and you make shit decisions.”
Director Rachel Tunnard was nominated for a BAFTA for her fantastic short Emotional Fusebox. (If you have 15 minutes, here it is in its entirety) Somehow, a movie about someone who's a little quirky and just trying to find their path in life shouldn't be as engrossing as this is but the trailer just works so well. It's more satisfying than a piece of cinematic comfort food and certainly more genuine than most of the forced and false narratives about life and what it means to be an adult in the 21st century. The establishment of who our protagonist is been done quickly without a bunch of needless fanfare while the rest of the trailer takes us gingerly through this woman's trials and tribulations without it ever feeling like we're supposed to pity her. I also found myself giggling at the exchange near the very end of this as it perfectly sums up the brand of humor I hope peppers the rest of this movie. Without question, one of the best trailers I saw this week.
Nota bene: If you have any suggestions of trailers to possibly be included in this column, even have a trailer of your own to pitch, please let me know by sending me a note at Christopher_Stipp@yahoo.com or look me up via Twitter at @Stipp
Democratic National Committee documents leaked by a hacker Tuesday reveal that Hillary Clinton's requirements to give a speech included a private flight and a luxurious presidential hotel suite.
One of the documents leaked is a form filled out by the University of Nevada, Las Vegas Foundation for the Harry Walker Agency. The Harry Walker Agency is a speaker's bureau, which represented Hillary Clinton. On top of the $225,000 fee for her 20 minute speech, the agency gave the UNLV Foundation “standard travel expenses” for Clinton.
This “include[s] a chartered roundtrip private air transportation (e.g., a Gulfstream 450 or larger jet), which must be paid in advance of the event. The host will also need to pay for roundtrip business class airfare to and from the event city for two (2) advance staffers who will arrive in the city of the engagement up to three (3) business days prior to the event,” the document reads.
“The host is responsible for hotel accommodations at a hotel identified by Speaker's staff. Accommodations should include a presidential suite for the Speaker and up to three (3) adjoining or contiguous single rooms for her travel aides and up to two (2) additional single rooms for the advance staff. The host is responsible for all ground transportation for the Speaker, her travel aides and the advance staff while they are in the city of the engagement, as well as all phone charges/cell phones and meals during their stay.”
Hosts for a Hillary Clinton speech are also “responsible for a $500 flat payment to reimburse the lead travel aide for out-of-pocket travel expenses. The host will be responsible for a flat fee of $1,000 for the services of the onsite stenographer who will be responsible for creating an immediate transcript of Secretary Clinton's remarks.”
The Harry Walker Agency wrote that, “we will be unable to share a copy of the transcript following the event.”
Bodybuilding Champ Rich Piana Medically Induced Coma ... After Emergency
Bodybuilder Rich Piana Placed In Medically Induced Coma After Emergency
EXCLUSIVE
Pro bodybuilder Rich Piana was placed into a medically induced coma this week after suffering a medical emergency at his Florida home, law enforcement sources tell TMZ Sports.
46-year-old Piana has competed and won several bodybuilding competitions over the years -- including Mr. California -- and has become an Instagram sensation, racking up more than 1 million followers.
Law enforcement sources tell us ... emergency personnel responded to a possible overdose call at Piana's home on Monday afternoon. When they arrived, Piana was unresponsive and was transported to a nearby hospital where he was placed into a medically induced coma.
Unclear how he's doing now. We're working on the story.
I Bought It Affiliate Links
I'm so incredibly delighted to announce a special project that comes out of my love for Club Clio USA and their brands Clio Professional, Peripera, and Goodal. If you've been following the blog for a bit you'll remember that I first visited Club Clio in October and attended the Union Square Flagship Grand Opening in January. Along the way I met Janice Kang, Director of Marketing, and Club Clio's staff in both Queens and Manhattan. We got a friendship thing going and now we're ready to make our gooey affection thing official: we're doing a kbeauty box together!
I've always said that I doubt I could do a beauty box. The main issue is that it seems like so many collaboration box curation decisions are driven less by selecting the very best products, but rather by economics. I mean, I think we've all seen CutiePieMarzia's wipeout of a second Memebox collaboration video. That was my nightmare and I didn't think that I'd ever have enough clout to convince a company to give me the sort of control over a box to make it truly my own.
Sometimes dreams do come true: Club Clio offered me total control and then backed that up at every step of the way as I fine-tuned the boxes (yes, we've planned more than one!). Club Clio handles pricing, stock, shipping and all of that, but what's inside the box is truly mine.
For our first box I decided to pick out some summer essentials. These picks will keep you cool, protected, and tinted all summer.
Shipping for this box is limited to US addresses only on account of logistics including one of the items I picked, but I'm told that international shipping should be ready by the time we release the second box. Woo!
What's Inside the Box
1. Ostia Cucumber Soothing Gel 255ml
From the moment I saw this cucumber in the Union Square flagship store I knew I needed to have it. I mean, it's a giant cucumber-shaped soothing gel–you can't get more skincaretainment than that. Although I picked this for the wild skincaretainment value, it is actually a good thing to have for summer–I keep this in my skincare fridge and slather it all over myself when I come home from a hot commute. It's cooling and has this fresh but fermented cucumber scent that I dig. There are some interesting extracts. But, I mean, it's in here because it's a giant cooling cucumber. ahahah
How to use: slather this on your skin wherever you'd like some cool, soothing relief. For extra chill keep this in the fridge and apply cold.
2. Clio Sunbelievable All Kill Sun Spray SPF50+ PA+++
As summer approaches I've been seeing a lot of concern about maintaining sun protection throughout the day without destroying one's makeup. Sunscreen protection doesn't last forever and we know that cushion reapplication doesn't offer enough of the SPF formula to adequately protect skin, so what to do?
Boom: makeup-friendly SPF spray. This Clio spray offers SPF50+ PA+++ sun protection and it's transparent–that means no white cast in your picnic photos. The formula is water-, oil-, and sweat-proof and cooling on your skin. The spray also sets makeup.
The Sunbelievable spray actually placed second in Get It Beauty's blind test of sun sprays from 25 June 2014, beating out sprays from Su:m37 and Banila Co. I like this spray not only because it solves a huge problem–reapplying sun protection post-makeup application–but also does the job well. The aerosol micro mist helps to dispense the product smoothly and evenly.
I suspect that these mists haven't become super popular simply because aerosol products are a bit tricky to import. Otherwise…why is this not in every summer handbag everywhere??!
How to use: shake the bottle and hold it at a distance of 20 cm (8 inches) and spray it where you need sun protection.
3. & 4. Peripera Peri's Tint House: Peri's Tint Water in #1 Cherry Juice and Peri's Tint Water Balm in #1 Cherry
One of the things I love about visiting Club Clio USA is seeing all of the new products. Peri's Tint House is an adorable new addition: it includes both a Tint Water in #1 Cherry Juice and a Tint Water Balm in #1 Cherry. I love bright tints that look like one just stopped sucking on a popsicle for summer–there's a time for nudes and muted colors, but picnics and beaches seem like a good place to let loose and go with a more carefree, youthful look. I named candy tints one of the trends everyone should try this summer and I stand by that call 1000%–cherry juice heaven yasss!
Peripera just launched at Birchbox (WAAAH! I signed up when I heard the news) and I noticed that a few reviewers found the tint water a bit drying or at least not moisturizing–Pony mentioned the same thing in her haul video with Das. I love the tint water and don't find it to be a problem for my lips, but it doesn't exactly add moisture either.
The Tint Water Balm solves this problem. It's tinted cherry-color balm that adds moisture and color. I pair them together to get a vibrant, watery red lip that doesn't have hard lines. I wear mine watery by blending both formulas with my finger to keep the color like a wash–that prevents it from veering into formal va-va-voom red and the color will still look pretty even if it fades due to munching on picnic snacks.
How to use: apply it on your lips, blend with a finger, and start practicing your pout
5. Freeset Donkey Milk Skin Gel Mask Pack in Aqua
This Donkey Milk mask really spoke to me due to the DONKEY MILKNESS. Hot damn, yes, skincaretainment, hello! Donkey milk was supposedly used by Cleopatra in her beauty routine. I don't know what sort of sources we have for that, but it doesn't sound implausible given the range of things people used as skincare in the past.
This mask is kind of a sheet mask-gel hybrid. It's a one-piece mask that I liked due to the comfortable fit and the thin but hydrating essence. I'm not even a sheet mask junkie, but this was really pleasant to wear and I loved what it did for my skin.
How to use: unfold the mask and apply it on your face for about 30 minutes. For a bit of summer cooling throw this in the fridge for 30 minutes before applying it.
2 Samples: Goodal Waterest Lasting Water Oil
Included with the box will be two samples of the fabulous original Goodal Waterest Lasting Water Oil, which I love to bits and reviewed here.
3-sample set: Goodal Oil Plus Skin Mist, Oil Plus Moist Emulsion, and Creamy Plus Hydrating Cream
You'll also receive a set of three Goodal samples that show the hydrating power of the seven super seeds that provide the signature oil blend for the line.
How to Buy It
Visit Club Clio USA's shopping site for all shopping details. The box costs $50 and includes shipping. There's a limited number of boxes available (since this is a new thing for both of us and we aren't sure what the response will be).
My [super awkward] video explaining the box
BAHHHHHH! Thank you everyone for your interest and support for this project. Tag me on social media if you get this and happen to take photos–I'd love to see them. EEE!!!!
Disclosure: This post contains affiliate links. Clicking those links before you shop means that fan-b receives a small commission, which helps to support the blog. Please see my full disclosure for more information.
Islamic State: Australia offers to send Special Forces to help fight IS in the Philippines city of Marawi
Updated
Australian Special Forces soldiers could soon be deployed to the Southern Philippines to help local forces fight Islamic State (IS) militants in the country's south.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop revealed she made the offer of assistance to President Rodrigo Duterte during a visit to Manila this month.
"Obviously we would be ready to support the Philippines in the same way we are supporting Iraq in advising, assisting and training," Ms Bishop told reporters in Canberra.
"The [Philippines] armed forces are in the process of engaging in a pretty brutal fight with ISIS.
"We've offered to assist in any way that might add to the likelihood of defeating this scourge in the southern Philippines — it's in our region."
Ms Bishop stressed Australia had not offered to send combat troops to the besieged region where IS is trying to establish its South-East Asian headquarters.
"I went through with the President in some detail the support we have given in Iraq, that does not include troops on the ground," she said.
"I know the United States, likewise, made offers. I know Malaysia and Indonesia are prepared to support Singapore and are prepared to support the Philippines should they request that support."
Royal Australian Air Force spy planes are already operating in the area, providing intelligence to the Philippines military.
Australian intelligence and security agencies are growing increasingly alarmed at the rise of IS-inspired fighters around the war-torn city of Marawi.
Last week the head of Australia's foreign spy agency ASIS, Nick Warner, drew fire for posing with Mr Duterte during a meeting where they discussed the threat of IS in the Philippines.
In June, the commanding general of US Marine Corps Forces Pacific told the ABC he expected Australian forces would soon join American personnel fighting Islamic extremists in South-East Asia.
"Both of us have a long history of being an expeditionary force when needed, so we begin from a common point I think and we've operated alongside for 100 years," Lieutenant-General David Berger said.
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, terrorism, philippines, australia
First posted
LOUDSPEAKERS at the governor's mansion in Kano come to life every Friday with the voice of an imam, summoning hundreds of officials to take small mats to the car park and line them up on the tarmac to pray. They used to visit a local mosque but no longer feel safe enough to venture outside a Baghdad-style green zone. Nearby streets are blocked with man-high barriers; entry is via a few well-run checkpoints where even residents must show documents to reach homes protected by walls topped with razor wire. Policemen in fortified pillboxes watch crossroads. The streets are lined with drums filled with concrete to stop anyone parking car-bombs.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Kano, the northern capital, and much of the country's northern half, where 90m or so of Nigeria's 160m people live, are under siege. Muslim extremists are carrying out a campaign of bombings and assassinations that has left more than 1,000 people dead this year. Fear has crawled into every corner of public life. The economy has crashed. Traders in Kano say that sales are down by a half as customers dare not venture out. “When people hear a loud noise now they run,” says Alhaji Suleiman, a property manager. Explosions are so frequent, says a worried father, that his four-year-old son can identify them.
Conspiracy theories abound. Just about anyone with a stake in national politics is liable to be blamed. Some northerners claim that the south may be looking for an excuse to break away and lay sole claim to Nigeria's offshore oil. By contrast, some members of the federal government in Abuja suggest that the northern political elite is masterminding the violence to make President Goodluck Jonathan, a southerner, look bad at the next election. Others suggest that the security forces want to fuel the crisis because it keeps pushing up their budget.
Some of these allegations have a grain of truth, but no more. The security forces do indeed get extra funds, some of which ends up in private pockets. Some politicians stand to gain, so turn a blind eye on occasion. But the origins of the strife are a decade old. “We started as a small group of faithful who wanted nothing to do with politics,” says a man calling himself Abdullah, who says he is a member of Boko Haram (“Western education is sacrilegious”), the group that claims responsibility for some but not all of the attacks.
The original members were mostly ethnic Kanuri fishermen from Borno state, bordering Lake Chad, which is rapidly drying out. A decade ago they flocked to the sermons of Muhammad Yusuf, an eccentric and conservative but non-violent imam, who demanded strict adherence to the Koran, rejected Darwinian evolution and taught that the earth is flat. Boko Haram had swept into Borno's capital, Maiduguri, a magnet for the region's rural poor.
Tucked away in the remote north-eastern corner of Nigeria, Borno is one of its most mismanaged states, which is saying something. Its literacy rate is two-thirds lower than in Lagos, the southern business hub. Fewer than 5% of women in parts of Borno can read or write. Income per head is 50% lower than in the south, school attendance 75% lower. In the past the state government has been a byword for corruption. Elections have been noted for their thuggishness and dishonesty.
By contrast, Yusuf built up a disciplined sect that provided free food, education and hope to its followers. Sensing a threat, the then governor set out in 2002 to destroy it. Hundreds of its members were killed, along with bystanders. In one episode, security forces killed 19 motorcyclists for not wearing helmets. But the crackdown made people revere Yusuf all the more. He attracted new followers, including some that had been in touch with Muslim militants in countries of the Sahara, such as Algeria, Mali and Niger. They wanted to fight the governor under the banner of jihad, inspired by al-Qaeda and Afghanistan's Taliban. Some went off to train in east Africa.
By 2009, when Boko Haram had become increasingly violent, the governor brought in extra security forces, who killed around 1,000 people. Thousands more were rounded up and held without trial. Yusuf was shot dead, apparently by a police firing squad. Boko Haram's survivors fled to neighbouring countries to regroup. The government's indiscriminate crackdown, led by troops from the south, let them close a long-standing ethnic division in northern Nigeria between Kanuris and the dominant Hausa-Fulani. Both now saw Nigeria's southern ethnic groups, the national security forces and a corrupt northern elite as a common enemy.
Grander ambitions
In late 2010 a resuscitated Boko Haram went back to Nigeria. What had started as a religious protest movement turned into a full-blown insurgency. The group signalled a grander ambition by renaming itself Jama'atu Ahlis Sunna Lidda'awati wal-Jihad, meaning in Arabic “People Committed to the Propagation of the Prophet's Teachings and Jihad”. Communiqués challenged the elected government's legitimacy and demanded a sterner application of sharia law, which was already supposed to have been enacted in northern Nigeria's Muslim-majority states.
Yet Boko Haram's fundamental outlook had not changed. Two grievances continued to drive it. The first was the indiscriminate killing of its members. In return, Boko Haram's leaders encourage its members to target people and institutions that have harmed it: policemen, officials, prison guards, clerics and journalists who speak out against it. Its members have twice attacked This Day, a newspaper close to the government. During September the group felled at least 20 mobile-phone towers belonging to telecom companies that facilitate government surveillance. For the insurgents, revenge is sweet.
Boko Haram's other big grievance is economic inequality. It blames the government at every level for corruption and greed. Nigeria earns roughly $50 billion a year from its southern oil yet its northern citizens hardly benefit at all. “Boko Haram is a resistance movement against misrule rather than a purely Islamic group,” says Josiah Idow-Fearon, the Anglican bishop of Kaduna, one of Nigeria's biggest northern cities.
In the past two years, Boko Haram's tactics have become more sophisticated. Whereas it used to shoot at policemen from the back of motorbikes, now its leaders dispatch members prepared to commit suicide in car-bombs filled with industrial explosive to buildings such as the national police headquarters in Abuja. For years most Nigerians thought there would be no home-grown suicide bombers. “We love life too much,” they used to say. Recently a 15-year-old boy was caught as he was about to blow himself up in Maiduguri.
At the same time, the group has vastly expanded its geographical reach. It has carried out attacks across northern Nigeria and as far afield as Abuja in central Nigeria. The proportion of attacks outside Borno has risen this year from 22% to 64%, according to a leading counter-insurgency expert. The overall rate of attacks is 50% higher than last year, as is the death toll. On January 20th dozens of fighters swarmed into several police barracks in Kano and held them for a few hours, leaving about 200 people dead. Boko Haram has targeted a number of senior politicians, including Nigeria's vice-president, whose home in Zaria was hit, and a senator at a funeral.
The campaign has accentuated the misery that led to Boko Haram's rise in the first place. Food prices have soared in the north. Farmers are afraid to go to markets. Government salaries are paid even later than before. Funds to repair roads have disappeared. Businessmen who sell bulletproof doors for about $800 are among the few who prosper. In hospitals patients have to bring their own drugs and needles. Polio may well rise again, since immunisation has dwindled. With the police diverted, rape and robbery have shot up. Aid agencies now rarely send staff to the north. Diplomats almost never go. Southerners are also feeling the heat. In Lagos roads leading to churches, a favourite target, are often closed on Sundays. The occupancy rates of hotels in Abuja have plunged.
The government still sees Boko Haram mainly as a security problem. “Those around the president don't understand what is driving the conflict,” says a veteran diplomat. There are exceptions. Sambo Dasuki, a northerner recently appointed by the president as his national security adviser to devise “a new anti-terror strategy”, has sought to talk to Boko Haram. His recent tour of the north to discuss the problem was the first of its kind by a national leader. But most advisers are in the mould of Major-General Sarkin-Yaki Bello, a prominent member of the national security council who thinks Boko Haram can and must be squashed militarily.
Northern leaders tend to sing a different tune, emphasising a need for economic development, but play down Boko Haram's attraction. Kano's governor, Rabi'u Musa Kwankwaso, has opened new schools and installed streetlights to improve security. Yet he is loth to acknowledge the situation's gravity, even as he sits inside a fortified mansion. “Things are better now. We have lifted the curfew,” he says. In separate interviews, the governor and his police commissioner refused even to utter the name of Boko Haram, instead referring to “miscreants”. “Of course you may be aware we had some little incidents,” says the commissioner, standing next to a state-of-the-art bomb-disposal suit, with four bodyguards close at hand.
Thumping isn't working
The security forces and their heavy-handed approach are plainly part of the problem. Citizens are routinely kept waiting and humiliated at checkpoints. Bala Abdullahi of the Civil Society Forum in Kano says, “We have seen an unprecedented rise in rights violations this year. It seems to continue with impunity. We are trying to draw political leaders' attention to this but they refuse to meet us.” Anyone thought rude is made to do painful exercises known as “frog-jumps”. Others are forced to roll in the gutter. “I'd rather live under Boko Haram if this is how it goes,” says a university teacher.
Curfews are imposed without warning and shops are then broken into, often—it is thought—by soldiers. People forced to abandon motorbikes at the scene of an explosion are often arrested as suspects when they return to pick them up. Following an Easter Sunday bombing in Kaduna, when 38 people were killed, the survivors, nearly all of them motorbike drivers, had to pay hefty bribes to retrieve their bikes.
After attacks the security forces, invariably trigger-happy, often surround entire districts and arrest all the men within—and sometimes shoot a lot of them. On September 25th, forces in the city of Damaturu proudly announced that they had killed 35 Boko Haram members in a single night-time raid and had arrested “several” of them. According to the Open Society Foundation, an NGO, the Nigerian police kill 2,500 people a year. Suspects who survive an initial encounter are likely to be locked up without trial, sometimes indefinitely.
Though reckoned one of west Africa's better armies, Nigeria's has not been trained to fight an insurgency. Boko Haram exploits their ineptitude. After setting off bombs, its people fire a few shots in the air, then sit back as soldiers fire randomly into the crowd, hoping in vain to get the perpetrator but invariably killing innocents.
For all their crudity, the security forces have pulled off the odd success, killing a lot of Boko Haram members in recent months. They have got better at collecting and evaluating intelligence. Operation Yaki (“War”) in Kaduna is said to have gone well. In Kano the police have retrained 3,000 officers, bringing army and intelligence units sensibly under one command.
Still, Boko Haram has succeeded in driving a wedge between the state and the people. After two years of intense conflict it is battle-hardened, adapting to the heavy security in its heartland and creating a command-and-control structure. Yusuf's successor as leader, Abubakar Shekau, in his 30s, is said to be devout and humble, and is probably based in neighbouring Niger. Boko Haram's 32-man shura council meets regularly, probably outside Nigeria. The second-in-command is Mamman Nur, who once studied in Sudan and masterminded the bombing that blew up the UN's headquarters in Abuja last year.
Is negotiation thinkable?
The council issues orders to its thousands of followers and would have to endorse any peace deal with the government. But Boko Haram covers a wide spectrum. It comprises an ever-greater number of malcontents with a variety of aims. Some are criminals using the Boko Haram label to disguise the motives for attacks. Rival nightclub owners in Kano are said to have bombed each other's venues and then posted bogus Islamist-sounding claims of responsibility, hoping to fool the police.
At the other end of the spectrum are diehard Islamists who fervently desire the demise of the secular state and want to bring Boko Haram under al-Qaeda's umbrella, along with groups in Mali and elsewhere in the Sahara. The Nigerian police have found bomb-making manuals in Arabic on seized laptops. Radicals are said to dominate Boko Haram in the north-west.
So far the shura council has represented a “broad mosque”, perhaps partly to bring in funds from a range of supporters, including criminal gangs and al-Qaeda. The group has been carrying out a growing number of kidnappings, with ransoms sometimes paid, especially for foreigners. On other occasions the victims have been killed in shoot-outs with the police.
Local governments, under pressure from the federal centre, are becoming less willing to pay Boko Haram protection money. A previous governor of Kano created a religious police known as the hisbah that was empowered to hand over part of its budget to fend off the extremists, thus apparently sparing Kano from major attacks. That practice of paying off the group has now stopped. Police killed a religious-affairs commissioner in Borno who had made a similar arrangement.
Could the central government ever come to terms with Boko Haram? So far the group's aims—among other things, greater equality for the Muslim north and a sterner application of sharia law—are fairly vague. The radicals among them may want to break up Nigeria and drive Christians out of the north. If the likes of Mr Dasuki have their way, the federal government will seek to peel the more flexible of Boko Haram's people away from the ultras and negotiate a better deal, especially on the economic front, for northerners. But that eventuality seems miserably far off.
Jay Schulz has signed a new one-year deal to stay at Port Adelaide
PORT Adelaide and key forward Jay Schulz have finally reached agreement on a new one-year deal after months of speculation that they would part ways.
Schulz had been widely linked with a move to Fremantle as the Power announced they intended to trade for Gold Coast forward Charlie Dixon in this year's trade period.
But Schulz, who has now played 187 career games with Richmond and the Power, said he could not be happier to remain at Alberton.
'Recruit' Wagner among five cut by Power
"I love playing with this group and I'm rapt to continue on at Port Adelaide," Schulz told the club's website.
"The boys have been fantastic in the way they've stuck together to make the club better over the past few years.
"I'm looking forward to working hard in the pre-season to prepare for a much better 2016.
"I know we've still got plenty of improving to do and I want to be part of that."
Schulz led the Power's goal kicking in 2010, 2012, 2013 and 2014.
However, he had a quieter season in 2015 but still managed to bag 44 goals as Port Adelaide missed the finals.
The focus will now centre on Dixon, who informed Gold Coast earlier this month that he wanted to be traded to the Power and reunite with former Suns assistant coach Ken Hinkley.
The Dockers have also been linked with Greater Western Sydney youngster Cameron McCarthy who asked to be traded back to his home state of Western Australia.
The Giants though have "categorically rejected" McCarthy's request.
The young Giant is contracted to GWS until the end of 2017.
More to come
America's longest war is about to get longer.
President Donald Trump on Monday pledged a new strategy in Afghanistan, while refusing to divulge troop numbers, as he said the office of the president had changed his instincts to pull out of the nearly 16-year-long war.
Story Continued Below
In a sober yet vague address, Trump laid out his rationale for continuing the foreign entanglement, despite having pledged during the campaign to end America's engagement in wars without clear exits.
“My original instinct was to pull out, and historically I like following my instincts, but all of my life I heard that decisions are much different when you sit behind the desk in the Oval Office,” Trump said in a prime-time address to the nation from the Fort Myer military base in Arlington, Virginia. “However, our commitment is not unlimited, and our support is not a blank check. The American people expect to see real reforms and real results.”
Trump repeatedly blasted President Barack Obama for too hastily withdrawing from Iraq and for his preference for timetables in determining troop drawdowns. He promised a “dramatically” different approach to the war, with future troop levels based on conditions in the country, rather than any preset time frame.
Trump spoke in broad terms about the need for American allies, including India, to contribute to Afghanistan's economic development, and was quick to stress the military, rather than political, goals of the war.
Morning Defense newsletter Sign up for Morning Defense, a daily briefing on Washington's national security apparatus. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
“We must stop the resurgence of safe havens that allow terrorists to threaten America,” Trump said. “We are not nation-building again. We are killing terrorists.”
“Our troops will fight to win” the president said. “We will fight to win. From now on, victory will have a clear definition.”
But no such clear definition was forthcoming. Trump promised “principled realism” and “strategically applied force,” and issued warnings both to militants and American allies in the region.
The announcement comes after the president and senior advisers wrestled with the decision of how to proceed for months. Trump has previously expressed deep skepticism of American military involvement abroad, but officials from Defense Secretary James Mattis to national security adviser H.R. McMaster advocated for an increased presence in Afghanistan. One of the loudest voices against such a surge, White House chief strategist Steve Bannon, was fired on Friday.
Breitbart News, the right-wing site Bannon worked at before joining the White House and that he returned to Friday, hit Trump after the speech for what it called his “flip-flop.” But the address generally received positive reviews, with House Speaker Paul Ryan praising Trump for offering a “more comprehensive strategy.” Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), the chairman of the Armed Forces Committee, also praised Trump for “moving us well beyond the prior administration's failed strategy of merely postponing defeat.”
Democrats expressed skepticism about the address, with House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi saying that “the American people need to know more about the president's plans and conditions.” She criticized the speech as “low on details.”
More than 2,400 Americans have died in the war since the initial invasion in October 2001, along with more than 1,000 coalition troops and over 30,000 soldiers and police officers with the U.S.-allied Afghan government forces. More than 31,000 Afghan civilians have been killed in the war.
On the campaign trail and before, Trump often advocated a more isolationist approach to American foreign policy. He excoriated President George W. Bush for invading Iraq (though in a 2002 radio interview Trump indicated support for the invasion), and regularly criticized Obama for continuing to wage the war in Afghanistan.
“We should leave Afghanistan immediately,” Trump wrote on Twitter in March 2013.
“No more wasted lives. If we have to go back in, we go in hard & quick. Rebuild the US first.”
In November of that year, he tweeted: “We have wasted an enormous amount of blood and treasure in Afghanistan. Their government has zero appreciation. Let's get out!”
Trump announces increase in military presence in Afghanistan poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201708/2854/1155968404_5547559104001_5547491846001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true
There are currently about 8,400 American troops deployed in Afghanistan, down from a peak of about 100,000 in 2011, when Obama ordered a huge surge in the U.S. presence there before a rapid drawdown. Most of the American troops in the country now are involved in training and advising Afghan security forces. Some are also involved in active counterterrorism operations against Islamic State militants in the country.
For Trump, whose rapid rise to the White House was built on the repeated shattering of political norms, Monday night's address represented an acceptance of the same broad policy in the region that guided both Bush and Obama. He seemed to have accepted, grudgingly, the grim reality that American boots on the ground remain a critical ingredient to prevent a steady slide into chaos and violence.
For Obama, that lesson came in Iraq; for Trump, who takes great pride in undoing his predecessor's work, his predecessor's experience appeared to loom large.The Islamic State's rise in Iraq, following the withdrawal of American forces there, factored into Trump's decision, he said.
“A hasty withdrawal would create a vacuum that terrorists, including ISIS and al-Qaeda, would instantly fill,” Trump said. “In the end, we will win.”
Introduction
Design
Phablet lovers will adore these two.
Front view
Side view Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Dimensions 6.04 x 3.09 x 0.33 inches 153.5 x 78.6 x 8.5 mm Weight 6.21 oz (176 g) Apple iPhone 6 Plus Dimensions 6.22 x 3.06 x 0.28 inches 158.1 x 77.8 x 7.1 mm Weight 6.07 oz (172 g) Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Dimensions 6.04 x 3.09 x 0.33 inches 153.5 x 78.6 x 8.5 mm Weight 6.21 oz (176 g) Apple iPhone 6 Plus Dimensions 6.22 x 3.06 x 0.28 inches 158.1 x 77.8 x 7.1 mm Weight 6.07 oz (172 g) To see the phones in real size or compare them with other models, visit our Visual Phone Size Comparison page
Display A Samsung Super AMOLED panel that offers a better color fidelity than an Apple IPS screen? Better believe it!
While Samsung has been gradually increasing the display size of its Note devices with each successive generation, this trend has been put to an expected stop with the Note 4, which shares a 5.7-inch diagonal with its predecessor. What did change, however, is the screen resolution – the number of pixels shot up by 77% to 1440x2560 (Quad HD), so the Super AMOLED panel on-board now boasts the whopping 515 pixels per inch. The iPhone 6 Plus, in turn, sticks to a smaller, 5.5-inch IPS display with a conventional 1080x1920 resolution, or a
We went in-depth with the
Moving on, the brightness of the Note 4's screen is good, at 468 nits, while the one of the 6 Plus is excellent at 574 nits. However, outdoor visibility in broad daylight is very good on both, as the two of them sport very good and non-reflective glasses. The Note 4's display can be dimmed down all the way to 1 nit, which is outstanding and guarantees comfy usage in your bed, while the iPhone 6 Plus can do 4 nits, which is also excellent. One last advantage of the Note 4's screen is its ability to become highly-sensitive, allowing you to use it even with gloves – a great feature in light of the coming winter. While Samsung has been gradually increasing the display size of its Note devices with each successive generation, this trend has been put to an expected stop with the Note 4, which shares a 5.7-inch diagonal with its predecessor. What did change, however, is the screen resolution – the number of pixels shot up by 77% to 1440x2560 (Quad HD), so the Super AMOLED panel on-board now boasts the whopping 515 pixels per inch. The iPhone 6 Plus, in turn, sticks to a smaller, 5.5-inch IPS display with a conventional 1080x1920 resolution, or a pixel density of 401 ppi. On paper, the difference in resolutions is non-trivial and very much in favor of the Note 4, but in real life, bragging rights are the biggest benefit of having all these extra pixels. When the two handsets are held at a normal distance from the user's eyes, the difference in screen resolution becomes indiscernible.We went in-depth with the Galaxy Note 4 's screen, and found that the new panel is the very best we've seen from Samsung. The display's color temperature is excellent at 6667 K – an absolutely negligible deviation from the optimal value of 6500 K – beating the iPhone 6 Plus' 7300 K, which causes a slight bluish overcast. But that's not all – this is actually the first phone with an AMOLED screen that is as faithful in rendering hues properly – color error is pretty small in Basic mode, and grayscale errors are also fairly low. The average color error on the iPhone 6 Plus is also decently-low, but colors are not quite as on-target as the ones available with the Note 4's display. The only downside to the Note 4's panel is its gamma value of 1.97, which is below the reference value of 2.2 – the iPhone 6 Plus is close to perfect, at 2.18. In practice, the lower gamma of the Note 4 is the result of brighter highlights only, with the shadows remaining as dark as they should be. This means that the screen ends up being a bit punchier and more contrasty than normal, though the effect is not so overdone as to be annoying or distracting.Moving on, the brightness of the Note 4's screen is good, at 468 nits, while the one of the 6 Plus is excellent at 574 nits. However, outdoor visibility in broad daylight is very good on both, as the two of them sport very good and non-reflective glasses. The Note 4's display can be dimmed down all the way to 1 nit, which is outstanding and guarantees comfy usage in your bed, while the iPhone 6 Plus can do 4 nits, which is also excellent. One last advantage of the Note 4's screen is its ability to become highly-sensitive, allowing you to use it even with gloves – a great feature in light of the coming winter.
Much in the same way as Apple sparked a revolution on the smartphone market, Samsung essentially started a whole separate category within the industry with the original phablet – the 2011 Galaxy Note.While rivalry has always raged between the two manufacturers, we've often felt like they're waging a kind of proxy war, and basically compete indirectly in a way. In other words, there was always a major differentiating factor (size, operating system, underlying philosophy) between their devices, and that, in a sense, instilled a feeling that theirs was more of a game of who's gonna get farthest the fastest, and not who's going to make it out of the cage alive. But no longer.With the iPhone 6 Plus , Apple is encroaching on core Samsung territory – one that it molded itself – and it has every intention of fighting for every last inch of it. That's where the brand-new, perfected Galaxy Note 4 comes in, ready to receive the 6 Plus. Will Apple's relative inexperience in this segment prove to be its downfall, or can its phablet come on top? We're about to find out...With the Note 4, Samsung is finally transitioning towards different materials, and the phablet is seen sporting a chamfered metal frame that feels great in the hand. At the back, we're once again looking at a polycarbonate imitation of leather, though the texture has been changed to a slightly less grippy one, which, however, looks more authentic than the one available with the Note 3. In comparison, Apple has endowed the iPhone 6 Plus with an all-aluminum body and plastic is altogether missing – front or back.The Note 4 is also different at the sides – the overall shape is still of a rectangular that is pleasantly rounded at the edges, but Samsung has actually implemented shock-absorbent bumps at the four corners of the device, much alike to the Galaxy Alpha. The iPhone 6 Plus – also a rounded rectangle (if slightly more so) – doesn't feature protective bumps, and is instead making use of a circular, tube-like frame that hugs your palm nicely.All in all, we've gotta hand it to Apple – when it comes to the feeling you get when handling the two devices, the iPhone 6 Plus definitely inspires a greater sense of you toying with something truly high-end. Unfortunately, while it is the slightly narrower device, the 6 Plus is still plenty big. So big, in fact, that it towers above the Note 4, despite its smaller, 5.5-inch screen. In any case, we're still looking at two XL-sized smartphones, both of which are simply not meant to be used with just one hand.Last, but not least, the Touch ID fingerprint scanner that debuted with the iPhone 5s can still be found embedded within the circular home button, and it's just as reliable and easy-to-use. We've got to say that we still prefer it over the swipe-type fingerprint scanner on the Note 4 (also a part of its home button), even though that one has seen some improvements from the frustrating early days of the Galaxy S5.
Back in June, the Philadelphia Eagles released one of the best guards in football, Evan Mathis. He was set to make $5.5 million in 2015 and wanted a new deal, which the Eagles weren't willing to give him - therefore, the release happened. Ever since then, Colts fans have been wondering whether Ryan Grigson - who has Philly ties and has brought in a number of former Eagles players in the past - would go after Mathis, since the Colts could use help along the offensive line.
Those questions from Colts fans have only increased in the last week after the Colts released starting right tackle Gosder Cherilus, meaning that left guard Jack Mewhort is moving to right tackle and that the Colts cleared up some cap room. So with a guard spot open and money to work with, fans wondered whether Mathis might be in the plans for the team.
According to the Indianapolis Star's Stephen Holder, that's not the case. He wrote today that the Colts currently "have no plans to sign Mathis despite being bandied about as one of the teams in contention." Wrote Holder:
The logic: The Colts want their existing linemen to develop. The only way to do that is by allowing them to play and, they hope, flourish. Mathis is 33 and on the downside of his career. Though he would give the Colts more stability in the short term, he would not factor into their offensive line in the longer term.
As some might have realized, that approach seems a bit funny when you consider the fact that the Colts had no hesitation about bringing in other veterans this offseason in an attempt to win a championship, and they even brought in another former Eagles lineman in Todd Herremans, who is only one year younger than Mathis. Perhaps that is part of the thinking, however, as the team wouldn't want both of their guards to be in their 30s and not long-term solutions. Instead, it will be a competition between Hugh Thornton and Lance Louis, with others (like Ben Heenan, or hopefully Joe Reitz, or maybe Donald Thomas) also getting looks at left guard. Even then, however, Louis is 30 years old - does that mean that we might see Thornton starting again this year because of his age and because the Colts want to work with him? It's too early to tell that, but according to Holder, the Colts aren't going after Mathis because they want to develop younger talent along the offensive line.
Ideally, that's the smart approach to take. You'd always rather have a young, long-term option than a veteran, short-term one, so the philosophy behind the approach isn't wrong. But it's a fine line between developing young talent and doing what it takes to win, and there's zero doubt that Mathis would give the Colts better play this year.
Instead of signing Mathis, it seems likely that the Colts will reach an extension with wide receiver T.Y. Hilton, as Holder confirmed earlier reports that Hilton and the Colts are indeed talking again. Holder also noted that it makes sense to get Anthony Castonzo a new deal this year, though we'll see if that actually happens. But with the team not going after Mathis, it sounds like they might get a few tasks checked off of next offseason's checklist a bit early.
Thank you Drew.
Hello and welcome to the latest edition of the Giant Bomb Community Spotlight and as always I, @zombiepie, am honored to be your host this week! Now all the positivity in the world cannot change a recent announcement which many users have been gutted about. This week will be Drew's last as an employee at Giant Bomb. There is no denying the moments of hilarity and joy Drew has provided everyone on Giant Bomb, myself included. While the announcement is certainly sad, we can all agree to wish Drew the best in his future endeavors. The man could reasonably announce he is going to the Moon, and we would all believe him. Here are a few other things worth noting.
Join the entirety of the Giant Bomb community in wishing Drew the best in his future . The man deserves success where he ends up.
. The man deserves success where he ends up. The Guardian of all news organizations published a news article and interview related to Drew's meme status.
Community Activities
Stormblood - Giant Bomb Free Company Thread (By: @snakelinksonic)
We have a "Free Company" for Final Fantasy XIV: Stormblood you can learn about joining! Have fun with your multiplayer based nightmare fuel!
You are in for some CRAZY ADVENTURES if you join our Final Fantasy XIV Company!
Clips Of The Week
The Giant Bombcast Animated (Kinda) - Chronic The Hedgehog (By: @samcb)
After a six-month hiatus samcb is back with another HILARIOUS batch of animated Bombcast/Beastcast video clips. Interestingly enough, both clips feature the East and West podcasts discussing Sonic and marijuana.
Giant Bomb Galleria
Night In The Bomb (By: @humanity)
After falling in love with the pairing of Vinny and Alex during the Night in the Woods Quick Look, Humanity felt inspired to create this work of art!
Drew Scanlon - Going Solo (By: @hns)
HNS paid tribute to Drew the only way he knew... through questionable works of photoshop! This "book cover" is still impressive regardless.
La Li Drew Le Lo Land (By: @fobwashed)
You can always count on Steve/Fobwashed to whip up a hilarious poster featuring the staff in compromising positions. This, is no different.
Giant Bomb - It's A Video Game Website (By: @b0nd07)
After a slight hiatus, B0nd07 is back in the Giant Bomb themed banner making game! Here's his colorful take on Giant Bomb's "original motto."
Best Of Blogs
Spin off games usually receive impassioned pleas from video game fans.
Why You Should Give Halo Wars 2 A Chance (By: @jcracken)
jcracken has written an emotional plea on why you should give Halo Wars 2 "a shot" even if you dislike Halo or RTSs in general.
Why I Won't Be Finishing... The Witness (By: @dinoracha)
Dinoracha is walking away from and giving up on The Witness. Read what factored into his decision to not see the game to its conclusion.
Why Virtual Console Matters (To Me) (By: @bigsocrates)
BigSocrates explains why the Nintendo Switch launching without Virtual Console support is personally a major disappointment.
Efficiently Packaged, Low Cost, And High Calorie. Amalur Is The Fast Food Joint Of Fantasy RPGs (By: @marokai)
Marokai uses his latest blog to articulate why he thinks Kingdoms of Amalur: Reckoning is the "Taco Bell of fantasy RPGs."
This guy is a jackass! Just putting that out there.
Why Do We Play Games? (By: @pauljeremiah)
pauljeremiah welcomes you in joining his conversation on why we play video games as a hobby, and how we were introduced to them many years ago.
Fighting Final Fantasy IX Part 115-137: WHELP... That's One Way To End A Story (By: @zombiepie)
Are you interesting in reading a 23-page dissertation on the ups and downs of Final Fantasy IX's ending? Of course you don't, you are a decent human being!
Join The Discussion
I like it when subtitles are on the first screen in the options menu.
Where Does The Subtitle Option Belong? [Poll And Discussion Thread] (By: @liquiddragon)
It is a debate which has raged for what seems like an eon. Where does the subtitle option in games belong ? Settle the issue by voting NOW!
Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands Open Beta Discussion Thread (By: @gtb08)
Have you tinkered around with the Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Wildlands open beta? Feel free to share your impressions of what you played over here!
Can Someone Explain Unboxing Videos? (By: @holycrapitsadam)
What is the appeal of "Unboxing Videos?" Join our community discussion about their hypnotic draw and why everyone seems to be making them nowadays.
Have any fun with the Wildlands beta?
Have You Ever Spent Hundreds Of Hours Playing A Game You Didn't Really Enjoy? (By: @paulmako)
The question sounds simple enough, but have you ever sunk in a massive amount of time into a game you actively despised? Personally, I have never done this. It's not like I have played three entries in a JRPG series at the risk of ruining my mental faculties.
Broken Crowdfunding Promises Vs. The Realities Of Game Development (Torment: Tides Of Numenera) (By: @arbitrarywater)
Join our debate regarding the brouhaha surrounding Torment: Tides Of Numenera and the realities of game development for crowdfunded games.
What's Your All-Time Favorite FPS Campaign? (By: @liquiddragon)
Oh what should have been....
Whether it be an oldie like Doom or a recent release... like Doom, what's your all-time favorite FPS campaign? Join our friendly debate an game from the genre which blended their gameplay and story.
What's The Most Underrated Multiplayer Game Of All Time? (By: @jec03)
What are some multiplayer games you feel few people talk about or appreciate? Share the "underrated" multiplayer games you think deserve more recognition.
Lovable Lists
Crowd Brawlers (Or Games Like The Dynasty Warriors Series) (By: @capt_blakhelm)
Capt_Blakhelm is working on a list of crowd brawlers which he defines as being games similar to Gauntlet or Dynasty Warriors. So, help him out with more examples!
Useful User Reviews
@beardslyman's Night in the Woods review details why he was thoroughly won over by the game's charm by the time he finished it.
review details why he was thoroughly won over by the game's charm by the time he finished it. @zzombie13's Halo Wars 2 review shares why he was pleasantly surprised with the single player and skirmish mode
Wonderful Wikis
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
Our wiki page for Breath of the Wild is MASSIVE and something to write home about! Check it out and learn every possible detail about the game!
Medic
Medic is… well, it's a bit of a strange one… and it's one that I'm very fond of. It's essentially distilled down into the idea of “If My Mom Was a WWII Medic” and I think it works pretty well.
The comic went through a few iterations before we amped it up and heightened it to make it more extreme. I mean, come on, kissing guts? That's not going to make anything better at all. I had a hard time drawing some of this so I admit that I had to do a little bit of research and look at some images for inspiration.
No, I didn't look up war images or dead bodies or anything like that. But I DID watch the beginning of Saving Private Ryan a few times, particularly the scene with the one guy crying for his mommy as he held his guts in his hand. Okay, so maybe it's a little morbid but I figured it would be better for my psyche to be looking at fake, Spielbergian guts than the real thing. So there you go.
MONTREAL By every account Canada was reasonably certain it would emerge from Tuesday's United Nations' vote with a seat on the Security Council. In the end, the result in favour of Portugal was not even close. It is hard to think of a time in this country when there has been such a public disconnect between official diplomatic expectations and actual results. It is just as hard to fathom what Canada's misguided confidence was actually based on. With the notable exception of Israel, precious few UN members really had compelling reasons to want Canada on the Security Council. That was particularly true of the influential countries that have the potential to command voting blocs at the UN.
Article Continued Below
Take the Council's permanent members. Surely Canada did not expect China — with whom the Harper government got off to a very poor start in its first mandate — to be enthusiastic about its bid. No amount of fence-mending on the prime minister's part can change the fact that he initially led the least China-friendly Canadian government in decades. And then what about Russia? Over the past four years the Conservative government has repeatedly framed it as a potential aggressor — literally poised to invade Canada's airspace at the drop of a hat — the better to justify its military spending choices.
One can also wonder whether, having just locked horns with Canada over a transaction tax at the recent G8/G20 summits and lost, France was inclined to go an extra mile on its behalf at the UN. A few years ago Canada might have been able to call in some favours for having stood up to the U.S. over the Iraq war. But today the roles are reversed. President Barack Obama originally opposed the war while our current prime minister skewered Jean Chrétien for not supporting it. As for Canada's Afghanistan dividend, it is largely spent now that NATO and American entreaties have failed to convince Ottawa to reconsider its 2011 exit from Kandahar. Moving on to North America, the decision to impose a visa requirement on Mexican visitors to Canada has not endeared it to that country. Moreover, since 9/11, Ottawa has spent as much time trying to stand apart from Mexico in security-concerned Washington as consolidating its links with its NAFTA partner.
Article Continued Below
Finally, Canada does not support the quest of emerging powers such as India and Brazil for a permanent seat on the Security Council; in a vote based on national self-interest it would have been naive to expect support from either quarters. In the wake of the lost vote, one rationalization that has emerged from Conservative backrooms is that Canada's defeat is really a moral victory for it amounts to retaliation for a so-called principled approach to the conduct of foreign affairs. But it is hard to see what human rights principles guide Canada when it alone of all Western nations allows one of its own to continue to be held in Guantanamo or when its government is willing to padlock Parliament to avoid scrutiny of the country's treatment of Afghan detainees. The day after the UN bid, Harper resurfaced to stand shoulder to shoulder with China's envoy to Canada at a celebration of the 40th anniversary of diplomatic relations between the two countries. Just last week Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo was awarded this year's Nobel Peace Prize for his courageous pursuit of human rights. For that, he remains in detention and will almost certainly not be allowed to travel to Oslo to receive his prize. Against that backdrop, the Prime Minister still had nothing but lavish praise for China. Chantal Hébert is a national affairs writer. Her column appears Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Read more about:
Science Fair Winner Designs Device To Cut Virus Spread On Planes
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Kathy Wolfe/Intel Courtesy of Kathy Wolfe/Intel
When 17-year-old Raymond Wang saw the Ebola outbreak on the news last year, it got him thinking about viruses and how they spread around the world, especially on airplanes.
He dug into the literature, and found some disconcerting studies. For instance, one study estimated that a person sick with H1N1 swine flu has the potential to infect 17 others during a 17 hour flight.
Wang thought commercial airlines could do better. So he went to work.
Using computer simulations, Wang designed a device that can potentially curb disease transmission on planes by optimally directing airflow in a cabin.
What happens when a passenger sneezes on an airplane? Raymond Wang YouTube
Now take a look at what happens to that sneeze when the cabin's ventilation system includes Raymond Wang's airflow device. Raymond Wang YouTube
Wang, a junior at St. Georges School in Vancouver, predicts the device can "improve the availability of fresh air in the cabin by 190 percent and reduce the concentration of airborne germs by 55 times."
And oh yeah, the device won the teen $75,000 — and the top prize — at this years Intel International Science and Engineering Fair in Pittsburgh in May.
All jetliners these days have air filters (called HEPA) that remove more than 99.97 of particles in the air, including bacteria and viruses.
That reduces the spread of diseases in a cabin immensely. But what if the air has a hard time reaching the filter? If somebody in your aisle sneezes, could the virus-packed air swirl around and hit you before it gets to the filter?
To figure that out, Wang created 32 simulations to track the movement of pathogens swirling around a Boeing 737 cabin. He also made a model of the cabin to confirm his simulations were correct.
He found that the traditional airflow in a cabin continuously throws around contaminated air without giving it a chance to be absorbed into the HEPA filter. Wang's device fixes this by creating "personalized breathing zones" for each passenger, he says. It's essentially a wall of air stopping infectious particles from traveling in your personal space.
So could this device actually reduce the spread of bacteria and viruses on a plane?
Maybe a little, says Dr. Mark Gendreau, aviation medicine specialist at Lahey Medical Center in Peabody, Mass.
"When you think about what needs to take place for someone to come down with an infectious illness, it blows your mind away — all the things that have to come into place," Gendreau says, "One of the big things is luck: Are you in the wrong place at the wrong time?"
Although Wang is on the right track with his device, Gendreau says, the issue is more complicated than just putting a device in the cabin's air system that will alter the ventilation pattern.
In most cases, how we get an infectious disease while travelling isn't through airborne particles, but by touching surfaces contaminated with large droplets that are expelled from the coughing, sneezing and talking of your sick aisle buddy.
And, Gendreau says, you don't have to wait for airlines to change their cabins if you want to keep from getting sick in the air.
"The big thing is the passengers' behavior when they travel — what things do they do that will put them at a greater risk that will bring infectious diseases to themselves?" he says.
At the top of Gendreau's list: Have good personal hygiene.
The next time you fly, he says, be sure to bring a lot of hand sanitizer and use it often if you want to stay healthy. You can follow more of his advice on how to avoid getting sick on the plane here.
Look, we know you're probably poking through the San Diego Comic-Con schedule and panicking right now. “How the hell am I supposed to choose between Modern Batman-ology and the Game of Thrones panel in Hall H?” First off, that's a trick question; you're never getting into Hall H, so forget it. But secondly, we're here to help you make some of those crucial choices as you scope out some of the best and most interesting panels during the show.
In this list, we've come up with 13 comics-related panels which you absolutely, positively should not miss (unless you've made it into Hall H, in which case please share your dark sorceries with the rest of us).
13. IDW: Rock This Town (Friday, 4:00pm – 5:00pm Room 4)
The announcement in the Comic-Con schedule for this panel was pretty light on details outside of its panelists: creative types Gabriel Rodriguez, Jonathan Maberry, and Scott Tipton will be joined by IDW head honchos Dirk Wood and Chris Ryall.
So why'd it make the list? Every year, IDW seems to sneak in one or two very interesting new licensed comics. Right now, the publisher has a great relationship with Hasbro and they've been working with Cartoon Network to produce comics based off of some of their line of programming.
So what will it be this time? Will the nostalgia factory find a way to nab something like He-Man or figure out how to make Go-Bots interesting for the modern era?
12. 30 Years of Usagi Yojimbo (Saturday, 3:00pm – 4:00pm Room 28DE)
How weird is it that this is one of two martial-arts animal comics celebrating three decades on the shelves?
With the Senso miniseries on the way, Dark Horse has trotted out Stan Sakai to talk about the book, the character, and maybe, just maybe a few life lessons. Sakai is a wildly talented artist, and Usagi Yojimbo has survived the ups and downs of the industry (and plenty of publishers), ultimately making its way to its current home at DH.
Now when are we going to get a Bucky O'Hare retrospective up in this?
11. Lion Forge Comics: Knight Rider vs. Airwolf, Rampage Jackson and New Project Debuts (Saturday, 11:00am – 12:00pm Room 29A)
Speaking of having our childhoods sold back to us…
How exactly does a car (albeit one that talks) fight a chopper? I guess we'll find out in the upcoming crossover comic. Also, MMA tough guy Rampage Jackson will be onhand to talk about Rampage Jackson: Street Soldier, thus pushing the fighter-turned-actor one step closer to the full Mr. T.
10. Berkeley Breathed: The Last Comic-Con Panel (Saturday, 12:00pm – 1:00pm Room 9)
This one is really for the newspaper strip fans (the six or seven of you that are out there).
The Bloom County, Opus, and Flawed Dogs creator is making a rare (and according to the convention, possibly final) Con appearance to show off… something. Breathed's not saying what, nor are the organizers, but art or photos involving Calvin and Hobbes creator Bill Watterson are involved.
Seriously, what is the deal with reclusive and secretive comic strip creators?
9. The Oni Press Comicstravanganza: All Cats Go to Purgatory (Saturday, 2:00pm – 3:00pm Room 9)
Comics publisher Oni seems to be shining a pretty narrow spotlight this year, featuring Paul Tobin and Benjamin Dewey's I Was the Cat alongside The Life After from Joshua Hale Fialkov and Gabo.
While the panel description promises additional announcements, it's a far cry from previous years where Oni would pack their stage with tons of creators and tease out plenty of news in advance. Here's hoping this is just a coordination thing, because Oni offers some of the most consistently strong books in the business and I want to know that 2015 will be chock full of new titles at least as good as offerings like The Sixth Gun or (way back when) Scott Pilgrim.
8. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 30th Anniversary (Saturday, 2:00pm – 3:00pm Room 23ABC)
Okay, this is a little bit of a cheat since this panel crosses pretty much every version of the Ninja Turtles franchise, but the comics are in there (and the reason for the whole anniversary in the first place).
Series co-creator Kevin Eastman will be there along with Tom Waltz, current writer of IDW's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comics, so that means you'll have plenty of chances to ask why we haven't see a TMNT/Daredevil crossover yet.
7. Where is the Love: The Strange Disappearnace of Romance Comics (Friday, 11:00am – 12:00pm Room 28DE)
Where, in fact, is the love?
I have to confess, the academic part of my brain is always fascinated by this kind of panel, looking at a slice of history and trying to figure out what went wrong (or whatever). In this case, creators like Colleen Coover (Gingerbread Girl) and Douglas Wolk (Reading Comics) try to figure out why a once ubiquitous genre just went extinct. While it would be easy to blame a giant meteor or soap operas (which are themselves an endangered species), look at some place like Japan which still does a healthy trade in romance-only funny books.
And no, we're not counting the ones involving tentacles.
6. Image Comics: I am for… Inception (Friday, 11:00am – 12:00pm Room 23ABC)
It's the nerdiest of comics nerd panels: looking at how books get made (and I'm kind of into it)!
From the sounds of it, this panel isn't really specific to a particular announcement, reveal, or title. Instead, it's a spotlight on some of the creative teams which have been at the forefront of the Image line for the last couple of years. Look at it as a chance to get some behind-the-scenes insight into the production process at Image, which is a bit different when you're dealing with a shared universe at a publisher like Marvel or DC.
5. DC Comics – Superman: Man of Tomorrow (Saturday, 11:15am – 12:30pm Room 6DE)
Have I mentioned here how excited I am for some of that upcoming Romita on Superman action? I mean in terms of the art, and not via some elaborate artist-on-fictional-character fanfic I may or may not be currently writing.
Ahem.
I'm also ready to see what DC has planned for Superman heading into – what, is this year three of the New 52? Charles Soule has a pretty solid track record as a writer, and it doesn't hurt to have him associated with Superman, who really needs more writers who don't think the Man of Steel needs to be more of a jerk in the 21st century. And I'm an occasional Geoff Johns fan, so I'm curious what his thoughts are on the direction for the character headed into the future.
Also: giant robot apes!
4. Spotlight on Mike Mignola (Friday, 12:30pm – 1:30pm Room 24ABC)
When it comes to Hellboy, I'm like one of those people who found religion late in life: I'm always talking about it and trying to convince everyone else to read this bit of literature I have for them.
Now that the character is turning 20, publisher Dark Horse has been great about showing HB some love with collections and goodies. This time out, they're spotlighting his creator, Mike Mignola, who'll be on hand to talk about the Hellboy-verse (and maybe tell us when the whole apocalypse thing will finally just up and finish in B.P.R.D.).
3. Marvel Spiderverse (Friday, 10:00am – 11:00am Room 6DE)
I should probably be reading more Spider-Man comics. I've been a big supporter of most writer Dan Slott's work with the character over the last few years, and I have to confess, I'm curious what Marvel's cooking with their upcoming “Spiderverse” event, which brings together all of the Spider-heroes past, present, future, and across dimensions for some kind of grand meetup.
Slott will be on hand along with writer Mark Waid, who knows a thing or two about a great Spider-Man story.
Also: Spider-meetup. I don't know what it means now that I've written it, but someone makes it a thing.
2. Milestone @21 (Friday, 11:30am – 12:30pm Room 5AB)
Look, DC doesn't know what to hell to do with the Milestone characters (didn't Icon or someone shows up in the Justice League briefly), but that doesn't mean the rest of us can't celebrate this, er, milestone for the minority-friendly comics imprint.
The line, started by the late Dwayne McDuffie, Denys Cowan, Derek Dingle, and Michael Davis is your chance to revisit some of the books from the line (which really need some kind of Absolute edition at this point). As a bonus, voice actor and all-around super nice guy Phil Lamarr will be moderating the panel, so at least there will be jokes (and at least once person asking about the Samurai Jack revival).
1. DC Comics: The Multiversity Enrollment (Friday, 3:00pm – 4:00pm Room 6DE)
Finally: hot damn, how long have we been hearing about Multiversity? I feel like writer Grant Morrison has been talking about it since (or even before) Final Crisis wrapped.
The mad Scot's next big DC thing is coming soonish we've been told, so DC has flown Morrison out to talk about the book, and the characters we can expect to see from the 52 alternate Earths that now make up the shared DCU.
So those are my picks – what are you planning to see at the show?
Previously by Charles Webb
9 Things Zack Snyder's Justice League Movie Had Better Not Do
8 Batman Characters Who Might Be the Arkham Knight
8 Things I Learned After a Week of Dying in Dark Souls II
8 Things I Learned While Surviving Space Camp
8 Reasons You Absolutely Must Watch Cosmos
10 Modern Heroes of Black Nerddom (and Urkel Is NOT One)
We've mourned too often, seen too many schools and colleges devastated by shootings, watched too many students get an education in grief. It's time for a new approach to gun violence.
We're angry, but we also need to be smart. And frankly, liberal efforts, such as the assault weapons ban, were poorly designed and saved few lives, while brazen talk about banning guns just sparked a backlash that empowered the National Rifle Association.
What we need is an evidence-based public health approach — the same model we use to reduce deaths from other potentially dangerous things around us, from swimming pools to cigarettes. We're not going to eliminate guns in America, so we need to figure out how to coexist with them.
First, we need to comprehend the scale of the problem: It's not just occasional mass shootings like the one at an Oregon college on Thursday, but a continuous deluge of gun deaths, an average of 92 every day in America. Since 1970, more Americans have died from guns than died in all U.S. wars going back to the American Revolution.
On Wednesday 8 October, Austrian Eurovision Song Contest winner Conchita Wurst will give a concert on the Esplanade, the open space in front of the European Parliament in Brussels.
Her victory at the Eurovision Song Contest and her plead for more respect and acceptance established her as a prominent LGBTI icon. Wurst explicitly spoke out against politicians opposing the rights of LGBTI people.
Wurst was invited by Parliamentarians from five political groups at an initiative by EP Vice President Ulrike Lunacek MEP (Greens/EFA), with Dennis de Jong MEP (GUE/NGL), Sophie in ‘t Veld MEP (ALDE), Sirpa Pietikäinen MEP (EPP) and Daniele Viotti MEP (S&D).
Ulrike Lunacek MEP, Co-President designate of the LGBTI Intergroup, commented: “I am very glad Conchita Wurst has accepted our invitation to perform at the Parliament.”
“The Europe-wide support for Conchita and her message at the Eurovision Song Contest is a sign of openness towards and respect for diversity. These are values on which the European Union is based and which we will continue to defend.”
Daniele Viotti MEP, Co-President designate of the LGBTI Intergroup, added: “The cross-party support for Conchita's performance demonstrates that this Parliament will continue to fight for respect and tolerance in Europe and beyond.”
“May Conchita inspire us all to do the right things and keep working towards a world based on human rights for all, without exceptions.”
The performance will take place on the Esplanade, the open space between the Parliament buildings on 8 October at 13.00, and is open to the public. No advance registration is required.
Markets can serve as gateways to different cultures, and one with diverse participation can be an accessible bridge for cultural exchange. That's why QINM strives to tap into NYC's unparalleled diversity and to represent a truly international, multicultural, and inclusive affair. And Queens, as the most ethnically diverse area in the world, is, and has been, the perfect home for it.
Sure, this city has no shortage of day-time markets and one-off events, but now NYC finally has its own Night Market! Somehow we'd been trailing LA, San Fran, Chicago, Philly, Seattle, Vancouver, and Toronto... not anymore!
What: The Queens International Night Market is a large, family-friendly, open-air night market featuring over 80 independent vendors selling merchandise, art, and food, and showcasing small-scale performances and entertainment, all celebrating the rich cultural and ethnic diversity of NYC and Queens. We will grow to 100+ vendors and eventually add fun games for everyone to enjoy.
When: 6pm - Midnight on at least nine or ten more scheduled Saturdays this year, starting again on July 4th.
Where: The Night Market takes place in Queens, at the NY Hall of Science in Flushing Meadows Corona Park. It resonates with the legacy of the World's Fairs, and is an event where "international" and "local" truly go hand-in-hand. If we can raise enough funds, we may find additional locations to fill out gap dates when the current venue has a scheduling conflict.
THE EXPERIENCE: Finding a space in NYC to sell goods, art, or food can be prohibitively expensive. That's why, instead of profiting off vendor fees by charging vendors an arm and a leg -- or a wing and a drumstick! -- we have been subsidizing our vendors and charging as little as one-half or one-third of what existing markets charge. We think this is the only way we can attract the diversity that truly represents the cultural and ethnic tapestry of Queens and NYC.
Have you ever wondered why 90% of the food at QINM is priced at $5 or less? This isn't by accident, but depends on our ability to continue to subsidize vendor fees. We've had casual street food from all over the world, including Spam musubi, takoyaki, pig parts on a stick, traditional Trinidadian shark sandwiches, Yibin fire noodles, obleas, crawfish boils, anticuchos, Burmese palatas, and so, so much more. And we will continue to curate diverse street foods (and the stories behind them) from around the world.
Another significant benefit of subsidizing vendor fees is that the majority of our food vendors (and even some of our art and merchandise vendors) are doing this for the first time. We've managed to encourage about 30 brand-new vendors to share their stories and their food with us, and hopefully QINM will represent the first step in many more entrepreneurial stories to come.
While food vendors currently outnumber our art and merchandise vendors, we are campaigning to tip that scale so that this continues to be a thoroughly cultural event, and not just a fun place to eat. We also feature small-scale cultural performances each night -- dance and music have made the shopping and eating experience that much more enjoyable.
USE OF FUNDS: Although producing the Night Market costs well over $12,000 a night, we want to keep the Night Market admission-free and want to keep our vendor fees uniquely affordable, which allows us to impose low price caps on food offerings.
I firmly believe we will find the sponsors to support QINM's cause and mission... but until then, all Kickstarter contributions will help fund the nightly production expenses. Specifically, funds raised here will be used to help pay for the venue rental fees, which are by far our biggest expense every night. Any stretch goals will help us find a new venue for additional dates.
Every dollar we raise will help ensure that the Night Market remains free to attend and features representatives of even more of the diverse cultures and traditions that make NYC the Best.City.Ever.
THE ROAD THUS FAR: It's taken over 15 months to reach this point. I've met with countless stakeholders and politicians and negotiated with countless companies and suppliers about providing insurance, security, power rentals, lighting, medical support, sanitation, and waste removal. I've spent the last three months recruiting and coordinating vendors, assembling and moving tents, filling sandbags, moving light towers, moving steel barricades, assembling and moving picnic tables, pushing portapotties, and getting massively sunburnt.
I haven't paid myself a dollar since this project began -- I plan to keep it that way until we (this really is a “we”) can prove that the Night Market represents a real opportunity for sponsors. So, PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD to help us hit our funding target, if not blow past it!
Also, send any potential vendors and performers our way… they are still the most important part of the experience, so the more the merrier!
THANK YOU!
Some select QINM press coverage:
DNAinfo (2/27)
Metro NY (3/20)
Gothamist (4/27)
NY Times (4/30)
The Village Voice (5/29)
Melbourne City FC can announce goalkeeper Tando Velaphi has been released to pursue an opportunity overseas, with stopper Dean Bouzanis joining the Club from Western Sydney Wanderers as a direct replacement.
Velaphi, 28, departs after featuring 21 times for the Club's Hyundai A-League side across the past three seasons, while Bouzanis, 25, commences his career with City effective immediately until the conclusion of the Hyundai A-League 2015/16 season.
Velaphi secured an A-League high 9 clean sheets from 19 appearances last season and made an important contribution as the team reached the A-League Semi-Finals in May 2015.
City Head Coach John van't Schip said Velaphi has been a great professional both on and off the pitch for the Club, but understood the player's desire to pursue another opportunity.
"Since arriving at the Club, Tando has been a model professional and has developed into a mature and talented goalkeeper,” van't Schip said.
“Tando was a popular figure not only in the change rooms but with the fans and I'm sure they will join with me in wishing Tando all the best for the next challenge in his career.”
Bouzanis commenced his career in Sydney at the New South Wales Institute of Sport (NSWIS) before earning a youth contract with English Premier League outfit Liverpool, where he featured for the under-18s and reserves side.
The talented 'keeper then enjoyed spells with Accrington Stanley, Oldham Athletic and Carlisle United before returning to Australia in 2014, signing with the Wanderers.
Bouzanis will be eligible for selection against his former team in Melbourne City FC's Round 14 A-League match this Saturday 9 January 2016 at AAMI Park, kick-off 7.30pm.
Zombie Apocalypse Continues: New Cannibal Attack Sees Maryland Man Eat Victim's Brain
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
A 21-year-old Morgan State University student has been charged with first-degree murder for a cannibal-like incident, the second to occur in less than a week.
Alexander Kinyua, who admitted to eating Kujoe Bonsafo Agyei-Kodie's heart and portions of his brain, was ordered to be held without bail at a court appearance on Thursday afternoon into the 37-year-old's death, according to Baltimore Sun.
Police at the Harford County Sheriff's Office were called to the home the two men reportedly shared in Joppatowne after Kinyua's family reported they had found what they believed to be human remains in the basement. Agyei-Kodie had been missing for a week at that point.
Kinyua initially denied that the remains were human, insisting that they were from an animal, but later came clean after police found the victim's head and hands on the main floor of the house, according to charging documents.
Kinyua confessed to killing Agyei-Kodie, and said that he did so by cutting him to pieces with a knife before eating his heart and portions of his brain.
He later directed police to a local church to find the rest of the remains, which were reportedly found in a Dumpster on the property.
The case follows that of Ronald Poppo's, a homeless Miami man who was left fighting for his life on Saturday after having his nose, mouth and eyes chewed off by 31-year-old Rudy Eugene.
Eugene, who some suspect may have been high on drugs during the gruesome attack, was described as a "zombie" by onlookers who witnessed him walking around naked alongside the MacArthur Causeway. He had found Poppo sleeping and attacked him before straddling him and tearing off flesh from his face.
In the latest incident it is unclear what prompted Kinyua to kill Agyei-Kodie or whether he was on drugs during the horrific attack.
Since Rep. Mo Brooks (R-Ala.) suggested last October that if the Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton is elected as president, House Republicans should immediately commence impeachment proceedings against her, there has been growing acceptance of his proposal as a viable Plan B to prevent a Clinton presidency.
According to Brooks, Clinton, as secretary of state, committed “high crimes and misdemeanors” through careless handling of classified information.
Some analysts, such as Philip Bump, writing for the Washington Post, attempted to refute Brooks by arguing, based on the precedent of the 1873 impeachment proceedings against Vice President Schuyler Colfax, that officials cannot be impeached for crimes committed before they assumed current positions.
Bill Blum, writing for the Huffington Post, argued that the Colfax case is not a binding precedent for Congress.
But recently, discussions of the proposal to impeach Clinton moved from advocating for her impeachment if she is elected president to suggesting that she could be impeached even before the general election. And it is clear from comments and suggestions circulating in the right-wing anti-Hillary blogosphere that Republicans are taking seriously the seemingly outlandish suggestion that Clinton could be prevented from contesting the 2016 presidential election by impeaching her now.
Some anti-Hillary activists have even begun speculating about who would replace Clinton as the Democratic presidential candidate if House Republicans impeach her before the November election.
The latest proposal to impeach Clinton before the general election appears to have originated in an article written by Andrew McCarthy, senior policy fellow at the National Review Institute, and published by the National Review on September 6.
McCarthy had gained notoriety for having advocated for the impeachment of President Obama and authored controversial books, such as How Obama Embraces Islam's Sharia Agency.
His new radical proposal is being pushed with fervor despite the widely held belief that impeachment proceedings apply solely to incumbent government officials.
“The point of impeachment is to deny power to any person whose high crimes and misdemeanors have demonstrated unfitness for a high public trust.”
Hillary Clinton before Senate over Benghazi [Photo by Jacquelyn Martin/AP]
According to McCarthy, there is no basis for the widely held assumption that Constitutional provisions allow only for impeachment proceedings against an incumbent public office holder and that impeachable offenses are limited only to those committed during the official's current tenure of office.
He argues that the Constitutional provisions contained in Article I, Section 2, which endows the House of Representatives with “Sole Power of Impeachment,” and Article II, Section 4, which elaborates on the grounds of impeachment, do not limit impeachment to incumbent officials and impeachable offenses to those committed during a current tenure.
According to McCarthy, not only could Clinton be impeached — if she becomes president — for offenses committed prior to her swearing in as president, but she could also be impeached before the general election as a way of disqualifying her from future office, including the presidency.
In McCarthy's opinion, the intention of the “Framers” was to prevent persons who have shown that they are unfit for public trust to hold positions of authority and responsibility and gain a further opportunity to abuse power.
Thus, the Constitutional provisions allow the House of Representatives to commence impeachment proceedings against Clinton ahead of the election based on alleged “abuses of power as secretary of state.”
He gives a long list of Clinton's offenses that are supposedly high crimes or misdemeanors.
Clinton is guilty of recklessness in the handling of classified information, obstruction of a government investigation, and destruction of thousands of government documents after Congress asked for them. She is guilty of “shocking failure to provide security for Americans stationed in Benghazi” and “failure to attempt to rescue them during a terrorist siege.”
She subsequently engaged in serial lying to Congress and families of Benghazi victims about what caused the terrorist attacks.
Clinton is also guilty of having used the Clinton Foundation to conduct a “pay-for-play enterprise” without regard to national security, according to her political opponents.
“The proceeding against Clinton would be based on her abuses of power as secretary of state… [and would] have the effect of disqualifying her for the presidency.”
Hillary Clinton, Democratic presidential candidate [Photo by M. Spencer Green/AP]
“Impeachment stands as a condemnation of her performance in office… disqualification ensures she will never again have an opportunity to abuse government power.”
But in the event that she is not impeached before she is sworn into office, other analysts, such as John N. Hostettler, a former Republican congressman from Indiana, have urged Republicans to commence impeachment proceedings immediately after she enters the White House.
Under the U.S. Constitution, impeachment is only an indictment of a public office holder for a high crime or misdemeanor, but it does not necessarily lead to removal from office.
Analysts argue that the offense for which a public office holder is impeached need not be a crime, such as treason or bribery, or other misconduct serious enough to warrant jail time. An official need only be found guilty of negligence or dereliction of duty that results in serious violations of the public trust.
Evidence of widespread support for impeachment of Clinton among Republican voters comes from a recent Public Policy Polling survey that asked North Carolina Republican voters if they supported proposals to impeach Clinton.
Sixty-six percent supported impeaching the former secretary of state, while 24 percent opposed impeaching her, but 10 percent were uncertain.
Clinton has reacted to media reports about the growing clamor for her impeachment, describing it as “pathetic,” and “laughable,” and “totally ridiculous,” according to MSNBC.
She accused Republicans of pandering to “the most intense, extreme part” of the Republican base.
[Photo by Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Images]
Valkyria Revolution ‘Vanargand' character trailer, new characters Maria and Richer detailed
The motherly figure and the storyteller.
Sega has released a new trailer for Valkyria Revolution introducing the characters that make up the Vanargand.
As previously detailed, the Vanargand is an elite unit formed to oppose the Rus Empire's Valkyria. It consists of Amleth, Godot Vilfort, Brigitte Ulrich, Helena Andersen, Blum Thomasson, Tilda Gade, Issac Berggreen, Daryl Rommedahl, Sara Benner, Jordur Kvist, and Ophelia A. Jutland.
In addition to the trailer, Sega updated the Valkyria Revolution official Japanese website with two new character descriptions:
Maria Schmeichel (voiced by Kikuko Inoue) “Maria-senpai” was adored by Amleth and company like a mother, but she was kidnapped by Claudius, who was crown prince at the time. Even while she is 20 years-old, everyone thinks of her as motherly due to her overflowing love and kindness. She always gives priority to others over herself and says considerate things. To orphans who don't know what it's like to have a family, she is a sister, a mother, and a first love. Richer Laudrup (voiced by Masako Ikeda) The storyteller of Valkyria Revolution. While this war is said to be “a war of liberation thrown like a stone at the imperialist era,” it is also said to be “a war of aggression started by a small country” and “instigated by the Circle of Five,” but she tells the true story. She is the great-great-grandchild of Charlotte, a professor at the “Magic Arts School” that Amleth and Ophelia attended. She is a lower class noble who comes from a long line of researchers, and is both a first-class researcher and educator.
Valkyria Revolution is due out for PlayStation 4 and PS Vita on January 19 in Japan, and for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PS Vita in North America and Europe in Q2 2017. A PlayStation 4 ‘Prologue Demo‘ is due out in Japan on December 22, followed by a PS Vita demo on December 26.
Watch the trailer below. View a set of screenshots at the gallery.
The victory at the Red Bull Ring, his second of the 2017 season, put Bottas 35 points behind championship leader Sebastian Vettel, and just 15 shy of Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton.
"For me, since the day I signed with Mercedes what else can you put as a target?" he said. "So it's been always the target.
"I don't want to shout about it too much. It's still early days in the championship, and more than 50 percent to go, so a massive amount of points to get.
"With this team I'm developing so much every single race, and I feel like I'm getting better every time, even though we've had some unlucky ones as well. But so will the other guys as well. It's still a long year ahead, and for sure we'll be in the championship fight."
Despite his bullish approach, Bottas says he is taking each race it comes.
"I don't want to think about it too much, because like I said we are not even halfway of the year, and it doesn't help anything to really start thinking about it," he said.
"The fact is that to win the title from every single race weekend you've got to make the most out of that weekend and get all the points available, be consistent, and when it's possible to win, you need to win.
"By making a thing about winning titles, it doesn't change anything. You need to go race by race, or really session by session, lap by lap.
"That's how it goes. I know as a fact that in theory, with the points, everything still will be in the fight. So that is good to know."
Mercedes team principal Toto Wolff has no concerns about having to deal with two title contenders, implying that it will be easier than was the case with Hamilton and Nico Rosberg.
"We've handled it in the past," said Wolff. "Remember the difference in the dynamics between the drivers is completely different.
"For Lewis it was actually the best outcome that Valtteri wins the race rather than Sebastian. We're not even half time, and we start counting points.
"In my opinion, Lewis has had all the bad luck that you can have. We've let him down with the headrest and we've let him down with the gearbox and now it's about time to fight back and hopefully that's going to happen at Silverstone."
Getty Images
Related Mayor Bloomberg Loves Breastfeeding More Than You Do Slate
New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg is right to want to promote breastfeeding, but his administration's “Latch On NYC” campaign is an exercise in excess. First announced in May, the campaign is asking maternity hospitals to 1. ban formula feeding of newborn infants unless medically indicated; 2. restrict access to formula for hospital staff by locking it up and reporting its distribution to the New York City Health Department.
Lock up infant formula and track it as if it were a controlled substance? That's not only unnecessary, but is both demeaning and disrespectful of a woman's right to make her own choice about how to feed her infant. It's also based on an awful lot of wrongheaded assumptions.
(MORE: What Mitt Romney Has To Do With Breastfeeding and Infant Formula)
“Human breast milk is best for babies and mothers,” said New York City Health Commissioner Thomas Farley, one of the four city officials — all male — quoted in the campaign's press release. “When babies receive supplementary formula in the hospital or mothers receive promotional baby formula on hospital discharge it can impede the establishment of an adequate milk supply and can undermine women's confidence in breastfeeding.” It's true that breastfeeding has real health benefits over formula feeding, but the benefits are actually relatively small. As a hospital poster for the program acknowledges, there is only solid scientific evidence for the claims that breastfeeding decreases the risk of ear infections, diarrhea and pneumonia. But all that other stuff you may have heard about — such as breastfeeding raises a child's IQ — is based on conflicting evidence that is often plagued by confounding variables.
(MORE: Why Breast-Feeding Isn't The Bugaboo)
But more problematic is the fact that the “Latch On NYC” campaign does not acknowledge that in addition to the benefits, breastfeeding also has substantial costs. For many women, breastfeeding is difficult, painful (especially at the beginning), and may be inconvenient for those who need to return to work. That doesn't even take into account the fact that some women have serious breastfeeding difficulties that result in infants who fail to thrive. And these are the problems for women who want to breastfeed. Many women don't want to breastfeed at all.
The “Latch On NYC” campaign explicitly attempts to prevent the use of formula even though many mothers successfully feed their babies with breast and bottle combined. A bottle of formula can soothe a frantic infant before a mother's milk comes in, can spare a mother another painful nursing session during the early days when breastfeeding can bring blisters and soreness, and can allow a mother to get desperately needed sleep while someone else feeds the baby.
(MORE: Amy Tuteur: The Myths of Natural Childbirth)
Moreover, there is simply no evidence that the “Latch On NYC” policies will have any impact on breastfeeding rates. Most mothers give a great deal of consideration to feeding methods before they have their children — their decisions are not based on their ability to access formula in the hospital. The most likely outcome of storing formula in locked cabinets is shame for mothers who ask for it, and extra, unnecessary work for nurses who have to retrieve it, monitor it and record it. Breastfeeding activists also fail to acknowledge that women who ask for baby formula have made their choice already. It may not be the choice that activists want for them, but that doesn't mean it's okay to make it harder for women who have made that choice.
(MORE: Amy Tuteur: What Ricki Lake Doesn't Tell You About Homebirth)
The idea of locking up formula is disturbingly similar to the idea of mandating ultrasounds for women who want to terminate a pregnancy. Just as anti-choice activists justify mandatory ultrasounds by claiming that a woman can still choose abortion, Mayor Bloomberg insists that women will still be able to choose formula feeding, and that there is no harm to providing them with more information. But in both cases, it's about creating obstacles (and shame) for women. When it comes to breastfeeding, Mr. Mayor, here's a good rule of thumb: Her baby, her body, her breasts, her choice.
The American winger will join compatriot Steve Cherundolo after signing a two-year contract with Hannover.
United States international DaMarcus Beasley has signed for Hannover 96 , the German club announced on its official website."With DaMarcus, we have another good option in our squad," Hannover sporting director Joerg Schmadtke said. "This is important for a long league season that will bring many challenges."The player himself was thrilled with his move."I am familiar with '96 already, because two years ago, I played in a friendly in Hannover. It's great to play with (fellow United States international) Steven Cherundolo in a team. And the league for me is a special challenge."Beasley, 28, joins Hannover as a free agent after spending the last three seasons with Rangers. Although he has struggled with injury, the player could fill in the void left by new signing Carlitos, who suffered a severe knee injury in his team's Bundesliga opener.For all the German news you can handle, check out Goal.com's Germany homepage and join Goal.com USA's Facebook fan page
On Saturday, May 3, Russian OMON spetsnaz forces, together with the so-called Crimean “police”, prevented Mustafa Dzhemilev from entering the Crimea.
Around 5 thousand Crimean Tatars arrived at Armyansk on the border between Kherson oblast and the Crimea early on Saturday morning. Many had tears in their eyes as they greeted the veteran leader of the Crimean Tatars a day after he was stopped by the Russian authorities in Moscow from travelling to Simferopol in the Crimea. He was informed that this was in accordance with a five year ban on his entry to the Russian Federation. With the Crimea having been annexed by Russia, this ban now includes Mustafa Jemiliev's homeland, Jemiliev called the ban on his entry to the Crimea “the zone of Russian democracy”.
Several thousand Crimean Tatars came right up to the checkpoint, and then formed a corridor to enable Jemiliev to cross into the Crimea. The Crimea News Agency reports that the acting interior minister, Sergei Abisov arrived at the border and told those present that Mustafa Jemiliev would not be allowed to enter.
In speaking with the head of the Mejlis, Refat Chubarov, Abisov claimed that there had been information in the press about the ban on Jemiliev entering the Russian Federation for 5 years and that Jemiliev himself had received this document.
The dishonesty is astounding. The ban was reported on April 22, yet by the following day high-ranking people in both Russia and the Crimea were claiming that the document presented to Mustafa Jemiliev had been a fake.
The ban, as we see, is no fake. It is, however a monstrous affront to Mustafa Jemiliev and the entire Crimean Tatar people, and a violation of Jemiliev's rights.
It was yet again a credit to Jemiliev and the Crimean Tatars that the stand-off ended without bloodshed. The leader of the Crimean Tatars, a man of immense moral standing, known throughout the world has been banned from entering his homeland.
Refat Chubarov is quoted as saying that “it seems any Crimean Tatar can today not be allowed back to his homeland. The Crimean Tatars who for 50 years fought for the right to live in their homeland.”
As reported, the Mejlis decided on Friday evening to cancel celebrations of a major Crimean Tatar festival following the refusal of the Russian authorities to allow Jemiliev to fly to Simferopol. It was decided instead to travel to the border with the Kherson oblast to meet Jemiliev who has still not even received an official decision regarding the reasons for the ban.
The Kremlin-backed self-styled prime minister of the Crimea, Sergei Aksenov claimed that Jemiliev had come to the Crimea “at the instigation of the western security service to destabilize the situation”.
Crimean Tatars began blocking roads near Simferopol, Bakhchysarai and other places in protest. However it was decided that Jemiliev would return to Kyiv in order to avoid confrontation and bloodshed.
The decision was doubtless wise. Over the last two months Russia has been waging an undeclared war using all means to provoke conflict and create the impression that Ukrainians are fighting among themselves.
The head of the Mejlis has said that the situation with Jemiliev's return must be resolved by May 18 when visitors from all over the world will be in the Crimea remembering the victims of the Deportation of the Crimean Tatar people in May 1944.
The ban on Mustafa Jemiliev's return to his homeland on the eve of the seventieth anniversary of the Deportation is a personal tragedy and a profound affront, and seems deliberately aimed at stirring up conflict.
Please see the following for details about the ban and other repressive measures against the Crimean Tatars, as well as a translation of most of the Mejlis' decision, adopted in response to the ban: Russian ban on Mustafa Jemiliev enforced
A member of the al-Khansa'a Brigade training with AK-47
According to the Terrorism Research & Analysis Consortium (TRAC), on February 2, 2014, the Daesh announced the formation of two brigades of Al-Khansaa. One that would work at the border checkpoints and a second one, “Umm Al-Rayan Centre of Operations Al-Khansaa brigade [that] is active in Raqqa.”
In 2014, according to Abu Ibrahim a-Raqawi, the pseudonym of a founding member of the Al-Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently (RBSS), the Daesh fighters were surprised, and then assassinated, by FSA (Free Syrian Army) members who dressed as women, complete with hijab, and proceeded through their checkpoints. Sharia does not allow the men to search women. So the Daesh started recruiting women for the express purpose of examining women, or those dressed as women, at checkpoints.
The Khansaa brigade, also known as the morality police, enforce the strict dress code of the Daesh on the streets of Raqqa after they receive their training. That training includes 15 days of weapons training, plus religious training that focuses on the “laws and principles of Islam.”
If a woman's abaya (long black gown) is too tight or her niqabs (black veils) too transparent, she is taken to a local police station where she is whipped by members of the brigade. Twenty lashes is the penalty for a tight abaya, five lashes for wearing make-up under niqabs, and five lashes for a lack of meekness when confronted by the brigade members.
From William McCants new book, The ISIS Apocalypse: The History, Strategy, and Doomsday Vision of the Islamic State:
They offer women who flout the strict dress code a choice between flogging and the “biter.” “I did not know what a ‘biter' was,” recalled one woman. “I thought it is a reduced sentence, I was afraid of whipping, so I chose the ‘biter.'” The Khansa women pressed a “sharp object that has a lot of teeth” to her breast. “I screamed from pain and I was badly injured. They later took me to the hospital.” “I felt then,” she recalled, “that my femininity has been destroyed completely.”
x YouTube Video
TRAC has estimated that perhaps as many as 200 women, or as much as 15 percent of all foreign fighters in Daesh, are women. They come from at least 14 different countries, often lured there over the internet. The Christian Science Monitor reported in September of 2014, that there were 150 French women in Syria. It is hard to determine the exact number of foreign women living under the rule of the Daesh or participating in the Khansaa brigades.
But the women from overseas were treated very well by the Organization:
It soon became clear that the foreign women had more freedom of movement, more disposable income and small perks: jumping to the front of the bread line, not having to pay at the hospital. Some seemed to have unfettered Internet access, including multiple Twitter profiles. “The foreign women got to do whatever they wanted,” Asma complained. “They could go wherever they wanted.” “They were spoiled,” Aws said. “Even the ones that were younger than us had more power.”
In the March 2015 interview with Syria Direct, a-Raqawi, of RBSS, talked about how well the foreign fighters are treated by Daesh.
Ordinary people pay taxes. All the stores inside the city pay SP1,500 ($8) for water and electricity, SP800 ($4.20) for phone service, all considered a luxury tax—not counting Zakaat. There is a cleanliness tax, even houses are charged SP800 ($4.20) for phones, water and electricity, or SP1,000 ($5.30), according to the house. There's a cleanliness tax, and any person who throws garbage in a non-licensed location pays SP5,000 ($26.40). … IS pays very close attention to its fighters, particularly the foreigners. They make sure that the foreign fighters enjoy a decent amount of comfort. No doubt their situation is much better than the residents. The fighters' salaries range from $700-$1,500, according to the fighter, his importance and position, e.g. if he's a doctor, engineer, or ordinary person. IS helps out its fighters in general, for example by giving them houses, and if there was a surplus of cars, by giving them cars. Their lives are wonderful compared to that of the residents.
And, Daesh will do all it can to find them wives. Multiple wives if necessary.
The Evening Standard reported last year that:
IS needs a stream of women both because the offer of an attractive young Western bride is central to its recruitment of foreign fighters and because producing what they call “young lions” is a requirement of state-building.
Apparently women, under the rule of the Daesh can be sex slaves, enforcers or wives of fighters. Sometimes they are both enforcers and wives. If she is a Western woman she was likely lured in via social media which Daesh expertly uses as propaganda outlets.
David Remnick, of the New Yorker, is on the board of the Committee to Protect Journalists, which is presenting an International Press Freedom Award award to RBSS and which arranged for him to interview members of Al-Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently.
AwakenYourselves
Guest
Guest "OWK" -- Cabal Ultimatum: Preemptive Strike Authorized Quote Select Post
Select Post Deselect Post
Deselect Post Link to Post
Link to Post Back to Top Post by on
Cabal Ultimatum: Preemptive Strike AUTHORIZED
Friends and Family I come to you today with news from the Light Forces. I have been authorized to write and post this notice. Certain Actions have been AUTHORIZED BY THE LIGHT FORCES and I want you to know about them. In that regard, this Post Serves both As OFFICIAL NOTICE to the Remaining Cabal Flunkies, as well as a Status Report To The Residents of Earth.
Previous Notices:
These are the previous Notices posted about the Ultimatum to the remaining Cabal actors to let the GCR proceed without interference or else face the consequences. Here are the posts:
"Ultimatum: This Ends Now, One Way Or The Other" - One Who Knows - 6.12.17
inteldinarchronicles.blogspot.com/2017/06/ultimatum-this-ends-now-one-way-or.html
"Cabal Ultimatum In Full Force Now" - One Who Knows - 6.13.17
inteldinarchronicles.blogspot.com/2017/06/cabal-ultimatum-in-full-force-now-one.html
To: The Residents Of Earth
As co-creators of the dawning New Age of Earth, you are entitled to know what actions your Beloved Light Forces are taking on your behalf. As always, your safety and best interest are of the highest priority, and will be considered above all else. In that regard it has been decided that the danger that these remaining Cabal flunkies pose is NOT ACCEPTABLE on this Planet. Certain actions have now been authorized for your safety and as a Resident of this Planet Earth, I am notifying you of these actions. They are outlined in the following message.
Declaration Of Preemptive Measures NOW In Force
GIVEN:
A) Given that the bigger game is the interplay of the Light of Love vs. the Dark of Fear and Hate, is the background of the current situation here on Earth.
B) Also, Given that what we do here on Earth sets a precedent for other Worlds who are still embroiled in this face off of Light and Dark with the Cabal, is an important consideration as well.
C) Finally, Given that the Game has ended, and after due NOTICE, the Dark oppressors of Earth have refused to give up their fight, and thus pose a very real threat to both the Residents of Earth, and to the coming New Age of peace, prosperity, and ascension.
THEREFORE:
#1) It has been DECIDED & DECLARED that the Cabal Operatives at every level of Game play are now considered Targets to be dealt with and/or eliminated. There will be no questions asked and it will be an offensive, preemptive, targeted elimination, of ALL THREATS to the Well Being of the Residents of Earth, and the continued progress of the Ascension plan.
#2) Using advanced Galactic technology, and other means, all "Elimination" Targets have NOW been marked "Energetically." These include, but are not limited to, "Kamikaze Cabal Operatives," Cabal members whose Energetic signature is deemed un-repairable, and those who have demonstrated unwillingness to stand down from their aggressive postures.
#3) These "Eliminations" have already begun and will continue until ALL PRE-MARKED CABAL TARGETS have been put down.
#4) There is NO AMNESTY, NO SECOND CHANCES, NO REPRIEVE, NO ESCAPE, for these Pre-Marked Targets. If you have been marked by Your Energy signature as a Threat to the Residents of Earth, and/or to the Ascension Plan, you will NOW be Preemptively eliminated with extreme prejudice.
#5) This operation will be handled by the Ghost squad soldiers, as well as other high tech targeting and elimination systems. These Light Forces are highly trained and as a result there will be NO casualties other then the intended targets.
#6) While timing of an operation like this is hard to predict, it is expected to be completed very quickly. I expect to be able to report back to the Residents of Earth on the progress of this important mop up operation very soon.
To: The Remaining Cabal of Earth
Your time of oppression and continual threats to the People of this Planet and to the Ascension plan has come to an end. For those of you who have decided to lay down your swords and join the Light and Ascend with the Rest of Earth, welcome. To the Cabal who have decided to continue the fight, I bid you farewell, and may you learn in death what you failed to learn in life.
The Bottom Line
Today I bring the People of Earth this message from the Light Forces that you are loved and You will be protected. In the interest of the new age of transparency, you are hereby informed as to the actions that are now being taken on your behalf.
To the remaining Cabal Operatives, you are hereby given OFFICIAL NOTICE of preemptive actions that you will be sought out and eliminated with no questions asked. The time of diplomacy has passed and it has been determined that these final actions are required to bring this game to an end.
In the remaining hours, some will be taken into custody, and the rest eliminated, and in all cases, the game will have reached its conclusion. No Cabal operative will remain Free, and standing in any way shape or form. All will be Handled with swift and decisive actions. No negotiations are required, or possible, as all Cabal have been energetically marked for arrest or immediate elimination.
While THIS POST IS OFFICIAL NOTICE of this ongoing preemptive strike, it is not required as all Cabal Operatives have already been previously NOTIFIED that we have reached End of Game status. Therefore no further notice or warning is required or offered.
It is requested that this NOTICE be posted on all appropriate websites and blogs.
Sources:
operationdisclosure.blogspot.com/2017/06/one-who-knows-cabal-ultimatum.html?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+OperationDisclosure+%28Operation+Disclosure%29
inteldinarchronicles.blogspot.com/2017/06/ultimatum-this-ends-now-one-way-or.html
inteldinarchronicles.blogspot.com/2017/06/cabal-ultimatum-in-full-force-now-one.html
Source: Dinar ChroniclesCabal Ultimatum: Preemptive Strike AUTHORIZEDFriends and Family I come to you today with news from the Light Forces. I have been authorized to write and post this notice. Certain Actions have been AUTHORIZED BY THE LIGHT FORCES and I want you to know about them. In that regard, this Post Serves both As OFFICIAL NOTICE to the Remaining Cabal Flunkies, as well as a Status Report To The Residents of Earth.Previous Notices:These are the previous Notices posted about the Ultimatum to the remaining Cabal actors to let the GCR proceed without interference or else face the consequences. Here are the posts:"Ultimatum: This Ends Now, One Way Or The Other" - One Who Knows - 6.12.17"Cabal Ultimatum In Full Force Now" - One Who Knows - 6.13.17To: The Residents Of EarthAs co-creators of the dawning New Age of Earth, you are entitled to know what actions your Beloved Light Forces are taking on your behalf. As always, your safety and best interest are of the highest priority, and will be considered above all else. In that regard it has been decided that the danger that these remaining Cabal flunkies pose is NOT ACCEPTABLE on this Planet. Certain actions have now been authorized for your safety and as a Resident of this Planet Earth, I am notifying you of these actions. They are outlined in the following message.Declaration Of Preemptive Measures NOW In ForceGIVEN:A) Given that the bigger game is the interplay of the Light of Love vs. the Dark of Fear and Hate, is the background of the current situation here on Earth.B) Also, Given that what we do here on Earth sets a precedent for other Worlds who are still embroiled in this face off of Light and Dark with the Cabal, is an important consideration as well.C) Finally, Given that the Game has ended, and after due NOTICE, the Dark oppressors of Earth have refused to give up their fight, and thus pose a very real threat to both the Residents of Earth, and to the coming New Age of peace, prosperity, and ascension.THEREFORE:#1) It has been DECIDED & DECLARED that the Cabal Operatives at every level of Game play are now considered Targets to be dealt with and/or eliminated. There will be no questions asked and it will be an offensive, preemptive, targeted elimination, of ALL THREATS to the Well Being of the Residents of Earth, and the continued progress of the Ascension plan.#2) Using advanced Galactic technology, and other means, all "Elimination" Targets have NOW been marked "Energetically." These include, but are not limited to, "Kamikaze Cabal Operatives," Cabal members whose Energetic signature is deemed un-repairable, and those who have demonstrated unwillingness to stand down from their aggressive postures.#3) These "Eliminations" have already begun and will continue until ALL PRE-MARKED CABAL TARGETS have been put down.#4) There is NO AMNESTY, NO SECOND CHANCES, NO REPRIEVE, NO ESCAPE, for these Pre-Marked Targets. If you have been marked by Your Energy signature as a Threat to the Residents of Earth, and/or to the Ascension Plan, you will NOW be Preemptively eliminated with extreme prejudice.#5) This operation will be handled by the Ghost squad soldiers, as well as other high tech targeting and elimination systems. These Light Forces are highly trained and as a result there will be NO casualties other then the intended targets.#6) While timing of an operation like this is hard to predict, it is expected to be completed very quickly. I expect to be able to report back to the Residents of Earth on the progress of this important mop up operation very soon.To: The Remaining Cabal of EarthYour time of oppression and continual threats to the People of this Planet and to the Ascension plan has come to an end. For those of you who have decided to lay down your swords and join the Light and Ascend with the Rest of Earth, welcome. To the Cabal who have decided to continue the fight, I bid you farewell, and may you learn in death what you failed to learn in life.The Bottom LineToday I bring the People of Earth this message from the Light Forces that you are loved and You will be protected. In the interest of the new age of transparency, you are hereby informed as to the actions that are now being taken on your behalf.To the remaining Cabal Operatives, you are hereby given OFFICIAL NOTICE of preemptive actions that you will be sought out and eliminated with no questions asked. The time of diplomacy has passed and it has been determined that these final actions are required to bring this game to an end.In the remaining hours, some will be taken into custody, and the rest eliminated, and in all cases, the game will have reached its conclusion. No Cabal operative will remain Free, and standing in any way shape or form. All will be Handled with swift and decisive actions. No negotiations are required, or possible, as all Cabal have been energetically marked for arrest or immediate elimination.While THIS POST IS OFFICIAL NOTICE of this ongoing preemptive strike, it is not required as all Cabal Operatives have already been previously NOTIFIED that we have reached End of Game status. Therefore no further notice or warning is required or offered.It is requested that this NOTICE be posted on all appropriate websites and blogs.Sources:
The Los Angeles Times prides itself on balanced coverage of education news. When it published on its front page in August the names and rankings of teachers in the Los Angeles Unified School District based on their students' standardized test scores, it justified its decision by explaining that taxpayers have the right to know if students are being well taught.
Yet the Times sees nothing wrong with burying good news about the district. The latest example was its decision to place an article about the Academic Decathlon, an intense intellectual high school competition, in the lower right-hand corner of the local section where it is inconspicuous ("Los Angeles Unified is Academic Decathlon's star student," Apr. 28). According to the story, schools in the LAUSD have won the national event 11 times since 1987. This makes it the best in the country.
Why wasn't this article on page one? It is certainly worthy of the same placement that the Times gave to teacher rankings. The sub-headline makes my point: "The nation's troubled second-largest school system doesn't get a lot of respect - except when it comes to the Academic Decathlon." The LAUSD is hardly a model of excellence, but when it does excel it deserves better treatment than the Times accorded the latest news. I say this particularly because the Times in its editorials has continuously stressed the importance of academic achievement.
Which brings me to another point. Whenever I'm introduced in a social situation, the first question I'm invariably asked is about the terrible state of public schools. When I ask in return how they have come to this opinion, I'm told that their source is newspapers or television. I explain that not all public schools are failing. Those that fall into this category are almost always located in inner cities and rural communities where poverty is rampant.
If I hadn't taught for 28 years in the same high school in the LAUSD, I too would come away believing that public schools are unsalvageable. The media incessantly play up news that reinforces this theme. Let's face it, low test scores and campus violence have endless appeal to editors.
Yet this obsession with the worst news does an injustice to teachers who are doing their best. They don't always succeed, but they deserve far more support than they're getting. It also performs a disservice to taxpayers who have the right to know the facts about schools. There's more to the story than they are hearing at present. Those who want to privatize all schools are undoubtedly pleased with the way schools are depicted. But the media have a duty that they are not fulfilling.
The Osaka Animal Welfare and Husbandry Department announced that it is desperately seeking homes for some of the dogs rescued in a major seizure of breeding dachshunds last year.
According to officials, in November last year, a 44-year-old woman working as a breeder was arrested on charges of animal abuse and neglect. An incredible 161 dogs were rescued from her property and taken to area animal hospitals for treatment, vaccination and sterilization.
Sadly, 20 of the dogs have since died, leaving 141 to be rehomed. Through the efforts of the individual animal hospitals about half of them have been placed, but there are still about 70 dogs looking for homes.
Immediately after the breeder's arrest made news, many people contacted the department wishing to adopt one of the dogs, but when they were finally made available, only three people applied by the February 22nd deadline. The department concluded that they hadn't sufficiently spread the word and needed to give the dogs another chance, so they've extended the deadline to the end of the month.
Those interested in applying can find the necessary materials on the department's website. Once the application has been received, a staff member will contact you to arrange a home visit to assess your suitability. If there are no problems, applicants will be invited to an information event in March and be able to take their dog home.
If you are in the Kansai area and thinking of getting a dachs, instead of heading to the pet store, how about giving one of these guys another chance?
Source: Yahoo! Japan
Image: Morguefile
Released in February 2017, Nintendo's Fire Emblem Heroes has just been updated to the 2.0.0 version, perhaps the mobile game's largest one yet. The highlight of this update is the new story, Book II, which involves your Summoner and his three allies (Anna, Alfonse, and Sharena) as they meet the ice princess, Fjorm, and join her to battle against the forces of darkness.
Meet Fjorm, your new hero.
And this is Surtr, the fire king. He's the new villain.
In addition to the new story mode, you will be meeting new characters. Some of these, such as Rhajat (below), will be quite familiar to players of Fire Emblem Fates, which was released for the 3DS in 2016.
When you start the Interlude chapter, you are greeted with a brief cut scene and battle. This unlocks the Weapon Refinery, the new mode which will allow you to upgrade certain weapons in the game. Some of them, such as Julia's Naga, can be upgraded into the Divine Naga, a weapon used by her mother, Deirdre. Other weapons will be able to boost in stats, such as Attack or Speed.
Lastly, you will also be able to get new skills for Staves. If you use a Healer and feel underwhelmed by their performance, rest assured. Physic+ is only one of several skills that will be available to your healers.
Fire Emblem Heroes has seen a multitude of updates since its inception in February. The devs have added modes, such as Tempest Trials and Voting Gauntlet. We've gotten many heroes and themes, such as Spring, Summer, and even Halloween, and quests to accompany them. For the Heroes that were voted on prior to the game's release -- on Nintendo's site for the game -- there was a bonus banner that allowed players to choose their own summon.
If you're new to the Fire Emblem series or curious to check it out, there's no better place to start than Heroes, and no better time to start than now. If you're a player who spent time playing the game earlier in the year and may have lost interest at some point, version 2.0.0 may be the spark of interest you've needed to enjoy the game again.
Fire Emblem Heroes promises more quests and events in the near future. Here's hoping to a bright 2018!
Updated 10.25
THE UFC HAS been sold for $4 billion with an announcement confirming the deal expected later today, according to US media reports.
Zuffa LLC, the UFC parent company controlled by brothers Frank and Lorenzo Fertitta, completed the eye-watering deal over the weekend and sold the world's biggest mixed martial arts promotion to a business consortium.
The group includes talent agency William Morris Endeavor, International Management Group, global investment firm KKR and private equity group MSD.
The sale represents an astronomical profit for the Fertittas who bought the struggling franchise for just $2 million back in 2001 and built it into a global superpower.
It is understood that Lorenzo Fertitta will step down as company CEO following the sale, though both brothers are set to remain as minority investors.
UFC president Dana White, who continued to deny reports of a possible sale as recently as this week, will remain in his role.
“I am honoured to have fought under the Fertitta regime!” featherweight champion Conor McGregor wrote this morning.
“To have been mentored by these great people on this great business is a true honour!”
The42 is on Snapchat! Tap the button below on your phone to add!
Man slashed with a SCYTHE after bar brawl between rival gipsy families at four-star Aberdeen hotel
Man, 34, suffers face and leg injuries following assault outside Hilton hotel
Travellers had been drinking inside hotel bar before bitter row broke out
Police investigating brawl outside hotel in Aberdeen, Scotland on Saturday
A man was allegedly slashed across the face with a scythe during a ‘shocking' brawl between rivalling gipsy families outside a plush four-star hotel in a ‘peaceful and tranquil area'.
A group of travellers had been drinking inside the Hilton Treetops Hotel in Aberdeen, Scotland, when the bitter row broke out on Saturday.
One of the men was allegedly slashed with a scythe after the argument spilled outside into the car park of the hotel.
The travellers had been drinking inside the Hilton Treetops Hotel in Aberdeen, Scotland, pictured, when the bitter row broke out on Saturday
The 34-year-old was taken to hospital with a suspected broken collar bone and multiple other injuries following the brawl.
One witness, who did not want to be named, said terrified hotel staff had to call in the police to break up the fight.
The local resident said the victim was attacked with what appeared to be a garden scythe.
Police confirmed officers were called to an assault at around 6.45pm on Saturday at the hotel in the city's Springfield Road.
A Police Scotland spokesman said: ‘On Saturday evening we were called to reports of a disturbance on the street.
Police confirmed officers were called to an assault at around 6.45pm on Saturday at the hotel in the city's Springfield Road Councillor Martin Greig said the Hilton Treetops is in a quiet area of town and said it was shocking that such an incident had taken place
‘A 34-year-old male sustained a number of injuries to his face and to his legs. He had cuts to the head and bruising to his legs.
‘We are looking into an allegation a bladed weapon was used.'
One of the men was allegedly slashed with a scythe, pictured, during the brawl (file picture)
The 34-year-old man was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary for treatment following the incident.
Hotel staff had to call the police in order to split the opposing parties up as other guests watched the scuffle unfold in shock.
A spokesman for the hotel said: ‘We can confirm police were called by Hilton Aberdeen Treetops following an incident in the hotel car park involving individuals who had visited the bar.
‘On becoming aware of the situation, hotel team members acted swiftly and the matter was dealt with by the authorities, with whom we continue to liaise.'
Councillor Martin Greig said the Hilton Treetops is in a quiet area of town and said it was shocking that such an incident had taken place.
He said: ‘This is a peaceful and tranquil area and to hear of such a shocking crime it is extremely upsetting.
‘The hotel is much respected business.
‘This is mainly a residential area and the community enjoys relatively low levels of crime.'
From left: Father Jerry Hogan and Father Frank Cancro enter the Ringling Bros. center ring for Mass in Fairfax, Va., on April 14. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
Before I left the center ring of the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus's Blue Unit traveling troupe, Father Frank Cancro handed me a postcard. On the front was Mary, her arms outstretched, with a multicolored shawl draping down from her hands like a circus tent. A lion, a tiger and a dancing dog were at her feet, with a clown, an acrobat, a juggler and others contained within the safety of her tent. They all stood on a star, at the center of the center ring.
(Courtesy of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops)
“Mary, Mother of all who travel down the road, pray for us!” the back of the postcard read.
Mary, Cancro explained, protects those who spend their lives in the circus. That includes Cancro, who has a parish in North Carolina but also works as a “circus priest,” spending three to four days every month with circus folk. His off-white vestments are embroidered with a small, sparkling elephant.
Cancro was in the center ring at the Patriot Center in Fairfax, Va., with Father Jerry Hogan, a Boston-based priest who runs the circus and traveling show ministry in the United States. Hogan is the circus chaplain, a role he's held for 22 years.
They were there to perform sacraments for the Ringling group: baptisms, confirmations, first Communions. Those participating were trained by a nun, Sister Dorothy Fabritze, who travels with the circus along with Sister Mary Seibert for a few months every year, before moving on to another circus.
[In The Washington Post Magazine: She's traveled 16 years with the circus, but she's not a performer. She's a nun.]
What the nuns and the priests do is a continuation of a relationship between the circus and the church that began 90 years ago, when a young, bespectacled priest named Monsignor Elslander began to bless the Ringling trains as they left Sarasota, Fla., every spring.
“There's been a Catholic presence on the Ringling Brothers since roughly 1928, when the Ringling Brothers moved to Sarasota,” Hogan told me. “There was a pastor there who'd just started at St. Martha's Church.” That pastor, Elslander, stayed for decades.
Then, as now, circus people came from all over, including many South American and European countries with large Catholic populations. Soon, Elslander was doing more than just blessing trains and waiting for the circus to return to its winter base of operations. Catholics need a pastor, they need sacraments, they need Mass; Elslander could do that for the traveling Catholics employed by the circus.
Ever seen “The Greatest Show on Earth,” the 1952 film, Hogan asks. (I haven't.)
There's a priest who blesses the trains in that film as well, Hogan says. He was based on Elslander.
And Ringling was doing more for the church, too: When Elslander's small Sarasota parish outgrew its sanctuary, Ringling held two yearly shows at St. Martha's property from 1935 to 1941 to help raise funds for a new place. Those benefit shows, smack in the middle of the Great Depression, funded the new church in less than a decade.
The famous Wallenda family performed at the church benefit in 1938, Sarasota Magazine notes.
St. Martha's is still known as the “Circus Church,” although the Catholic priests and nuns who work in circus ministry now report to the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops, the Washington-based governing body of the Catholic hierarchy in America. After Elslander came Pastor Ed Sullivan, Hogan said.
Hogan himself caught the circus bug early, he told me, from a childhood neighbor who worked for Ringling.
Hogan has been through a lot with the Blue Unit. He was there in 1994 when the unit's train, touring its Romeo and Juliet act, derailed on a foggy morning in Lakeland, Fla. Two performers were killed, and Hogan was flown in to help comfort their friends and families.
Ramon Garcia, the Blue Unit general manager whose three children all participated in the April Mass in the center ring, was close to one of the performers who died in that crash. “Back in the day, you know, Father Jerry was a very instrumentive person to walk us through the ropes and make us believe we were safe,” Garcia said.
Last spring, when the rig for the unit's “human chandelier” act collapsed in Providence — severely injuring the eight performers who fell, suspended by their hair, 20 feet to the ground — Hogan was with the unit within the hour.
Other circuses have built their own relationships with the church over the years, too.
Sister Dorothy has been coming to Kelly Miller Circus for only a few years. The “mud show” circus, which moves daily, tent and trailers in tow, might be new to the nun, but it is not new to the church: Before Fabritze, there were Sister Priscilla Buhlman and Sister Joel Byrne of the Little Sisters of Jesus. Kelly Miller gets regular clergy visits, too, usually from Father Dick Notter, the third of the church's trio of circus priests.
From left: Sister Dorothy Fabritze helps 8-year-old twins Aiden and Alley Fought prepare to present the bread for Communion as the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus's Blue Unit has a celebration of the sacraments in the center ring April 14. (Toni L. Sandys/The Washington Post)
John Ringling North — son of the sister of the famous Ringling Bros. — bought Kelly Miller in 2007. North, a wiry man in a white cowboy hat who isn't afraid to cuss a little in front of Fabritze, sits ringside for every performance. He knows how far back the circus and the church go: As a child, he recalls, he'd watch Monsignor Elslander bless the Ringling trains as they left Sarasota every spring.
Like North, Cancro has a long circus history, too: Forty-five years ago, before he even attended seminary, Cancro went to the Ringling brothers' clown school.
“My priesthood,” he said, “went on without any real connection to circus” — until one day in 2010, when Fabritze showed up at his office and saw a photograph of a clown on his wall.
“She wanted to know who it was, and I said it was me,” Cancro said. “And then I had to tell her my background.”
He sighed. “Next thing I know, I have a call from the Bishop's Conference to show up at this meeting the following January to become part of the circus and traveling people's ministry.”
An Oct. 20 gala for the Cedars-Sinai Board of Governors Regenerative Medicine Institute promises to be full of big names: Hosted by Jay Leno, it will honor philanthropic leaders Adele and Beny Alagem and actor Sylvester Stallone.
But not to be overlooked regarding the event — which is projected to generate approximately $2 million — is the institute's director, Clive Svendsen. The Kerry and Simone Vickar Family Foundation Distinguished Chair in Regenerative Medicine is a leader in research on ALS (Lou Gehrig's disease), which affects nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord and eventually leads to paralysis and death.
The Journal spoke with Svendsen about how regenerative medicine is revolutionizing his field and others, and holding out promise of made-to-order cells that could rejuvenate defective or ailing body parts. An edited transcript of that interview follows.
JEWISH JOURNAL: What is regenerative medicine?
CLIVE SVENDSEN: Regenerative medicine is the idea of … making things grow again within your body. We can regenerate tissues that have been dying over time or are getting aged and worn out either by putting new cells in … or by encouraging your own cells to regenerate.
JJ: What is the focus of the Cedars-Sinai Board of Governors Regenerative Medicine Institute?
CS: The focus … is on induced pluripotent stem cells, what we call IPS cells. … In simple terms, you can take any tissue in the human body … put it in a petri dish, and using one … protein, you can take that cell back in time to an embryonic state. Once you have the cell back in time to this pluripotent [state], you can make any cell of the human body and … grow those cells in incubators.
JJ: Sounds very futuristic.
CS: It is. … I have my own cell line in the incubator. And from that line, we can make neurons, we can make beating heart cells. So I can actually regenerate any of my tissues in the lab through this technology. And they are actually my tissues. If I transplanted them back into myself — which I don't have approval to do — those cells theoretically should not reject, which is one of the biggest problems with organ transplant.
JJ: So is that the goal, to be able to give ourselves back our own cells?
CS: That's one of the goals: to learn how to create these cells, go through the process of creating, let's say, new heart cells, and inject those cells back into the heart. We're not clever enough yet to make a whole organ from these cells … but we can take those cells and inject them … to rejuvenate specific areas.
JJ: How are you applying this concept to ALS?
CS: In ALS, you get paralyzed over time. There's a certain kind of cell, called a motor neuron, which basically goes from the spinal cord to your muscles and [causes muscle contraction]. That's how movement occurs, through the motor neurons firing signals to the muscles.
What we've found is that the cells around the motor neurons — the support cells — are sick. The motor neuron is dying because it has no support cells. Our therapy is taking these IPS cells, making them into the support cells of the brain and spinal cord … and then injecting [them] back into the spinal cord of the patient. We did [another thing] which is really exciting: We engineered the cells … to make a therapeutic protein — a drug. So when you put the cells back into the spinal cord, they release a drug that normally can't get across the blood-brain barrier.
That's [how we hope to use] regenerative medicine to treat ALS. We've filed for approval of the clinical trial with the FDA and we're waiting for approval to move forward into patients. … It's really a safety trial to see if we can do this in 18 patients.
JJ: What would it mean if this approach works?
CS: That's a huge if. … Delivering a drug this way to the spinal cord has not been done before. … We don't know what causes ALS. … [so] it's very hard to design a treatment …
We're doing an amazing study [to try to understand the causes]. It's a $20 million study, in collaboration with Johns Hopkins and Massachusetts General Hospital. We're making a thousand of these IPS lines from ALS patients across the country. They have their blood drawn, the blood comes to Cedars-Sinai, and we make these IPS cells. …
We're trying to model ALS in the dish using IPS cells. … And then I think we'll start to understand why motor neurons in ALS patients are different.
There's some amazing technology that's coming [called Organ-on-Chip technology, which uses living human cells in micro-engineered environments as a way to simulate the workings of the body]. The company [that developed this technology] is called Emulate. They're trying to emulate human biology. … What I want to do is, if a patient has lung disease, I want to have their lung tissue on a chip, so that we can assess them in the lab as well as in the clinic.
JJ: Looking forward for the next five to 10 years, what might you predict?
CS: I think instead of having a family history, patients will have their genome sequenced. Here at Cedars-Sinai, we would love to have a patient's IPS line made. … Once we've made your line, we could have it on standby at the hospital. If you have a problem — for example, you get diabetes — we have a way of making your pancreas cells. If you get heart problems, we may be able to produce a cell that we can inject into your heart. If you have an arrhythmia … we could create beating heart cells in the dish that have an arrhythmia … and test 100 drugs on the cells in the dish. When one of them works, it'll work for you because [it will have been tested using] your beating heart cells.
‘Sick With Bloom' was recorded straight to a reel-to-reel tape recorder over the course of a week in May 2015 in a remote cabin in Connecticut, and is to be released on Gilead Media on Friday 11 December. That same day, the band are playing an album release show at The Acheron in New York with guests Anicon, Vilkacis and Ozama.
From the hallucinogenic title track (“They placed six spotlights dimly shining / Making amber of the brine / Black seeds and blinded shrimp held in the cones…”) to the cruelty of “Fallen Snag” (“I thought the elders leaning in had maps, kinetics, ancient bole / But now I see their wooden faces moaning / Lined with dusk and pale / Beholden to an early song / Still coiled on the rotten mother's meal”) to the tent-pole track at the heart of the album, “What Filters Through the Copper Stain”, which frantically tugs the ear toward everything Yellow Eyes has ever attempted and ends in exhausted resignation (“A copper stain had shrouded me / In blue and red and green / The colors of the Earth, but more serene”), ‘Sick With Bloom' is ultimately about the patterns of prejudice and fear that imprint themselves on our view out at the world, and how little that world cares how we see it.
The album is laced with field recordings from that week: a trumpet blaring in the woods, a piercingly loud marsh filled with frogs, a thunderstorm rolling in during a take.
Yellow Eyes are:
Will Skarstad: Vocals, Guitar
Sam Skarstad: Guitar
M. Rekeviks: Drums
Alex DeMaria: Bass (live)
Produced/Mixed/Mastered by Sam Skarstad
Album art by Sam & Will Skarstad
If you've noticed -- and become frustrated with the fact -- that Hollywood has been churning out an unending number of CGI blockbusters and mindless sequels, you're not alone. As it turns out, Hollywood's biggest stars have had it with the big money business, too.
It's become almost fashionable for acclaimed actors to rip their own industry. Many have created their own production companies, to finance smaller films, and take salary cuts to star in low-cost prestige movies. Australian star Joel Edgerton, who has earned raves for his turn in Aussie feature "Animal Kingdom" and this fall's "Warrior," told The Hollywood Reporter over the weekend that he aims to use his new company to create well-made films of which he can be proud, a diametric opposite of what Hollywood is doing.
"I have an issue with the commercial aspect of moviemaking: I don't see why a movie can't make a lot of money and also be good. We see at least two or three of them every year," he said. "But there are some shit movies out there now. It fucking pisses me off - and I hate it when a shit movie comes out that's obviously made just to make money, and it does make that money and it lets everybody know that it's okay to make shit movies because you can get rich off of it. I hate those people."
Edgerton is far from the only star taking a stand. In a recent conversation with HuffPost, Sir Ben Kingsley spoke of his effort to defend high-end storytelling and quality films from studio interference.
"If we deviate from them and go to a film that is basically a string of sensationalist effects, the thread will snap and we'll find that people will stop going to the cinema, because people always look for the story," he said. "I think that once you start to make crucial decisions by committee and each member of that committee is extremely anxious about his or her job, then you're not going to have the right decisions made. You're going to have decisions that are fear-based, you are going to have decisions based on what they think they should say, or what they think their boss needs to hear, rather than going out on a limb and being actually creative."
Hollywood's pre-eminent A-lister, George Clooney, says he's done making blowout movies, preferring to concentrate on more serious works and earning his salary elsewhere.
"I do films for scale and I go do coffee commercials overseas and I make a lot of money doing those so I get to live in a nice house," Clooney said during Newsweek's recent actor's round table, defending his choice not to do big budget films. "I don't rape the budget of a movie, we shot 'The Ides of March' for under $12 million, we shot 'The Descendants' for under $20, and if they make money, great... As an actor all bets are off if you need money. I've done really shitty movies or shitty jobs when I was broke, and people go, why did you do 'Return of the Killer Tomatoes?' Because I got the job, asshole!"
Even Megan Fox, not known for her stellar dramatic work, joined in on dissing the big budget productions; in 2010 she slammed Michael Bay's "Transformers" films, getting herself fired in the process.
"I don't want to blow smoke up peoples ass. People are well aware that this is not a movie about acting," she told Entertainment Weekly. "And once you realize that, it becomes almost fun because you can be in the moment and go, 'All right, I know that when he calls Action! I'm either going to be running or screaming, or both."
Robert Redford, who started the independent Sundance Film Festival, recently joined Fox in slamming the robot action flicks, calling them a prime example of the movies he does not want to see.
The ever-outspoken Daniel Craig has also called into question his own films, dissing the 007 sequel "Quantum of Solace" for its lack of script -- and how he had promised himself to never be in a film as ill-prepared as that one.
"You swear that you'll never get involved with shit like that, and it happens," he told Time Out London. "On 'Quantum,' we were fucked. We had the bare bones of a script and then there was a writers' strike and there was nothing we could do. We couldn't employ a writer to finish it. I say to myself, 'Never again,' but who knows? There was me trying to rewrite scenes – and a writer I am not."
news, local-news, appin road, fred borg, road deaths
Extreme measures are needed to "stop the killing" on the notorious Appin Road, Campbelltown councillor Fred Borg says. Almost 40 fatalities in less than 20 years — four in the past 18 months — have occurred on the stretch of road that runs from Rosemeadow south to Bulli, via the small but expanding township of Appin. While the road passes through three local government areas — Campbelltown, Wollondilly and Wollongong — the state government is responsible for the maintenance and upgrades. The NSW Centre for Road Safety conducted a review of the road and released it's findings late last year. Cr Borg said the upgrades recommended following the review, and previous safety measures implemented by state governments, were inadequate and "cosmetic". Several large developments including Appin Valley are set to push additional traffic onto the road, which currently records about 10,000 traffic movements a day. Cr Borg says he is determined not to approve any more developments that "will allow just one more extra car onto Appin road". He has urged his fellow councillors to follow his lead and not allow the Mount Gilead Urban Release Area south of Rosemeadow to proceed further until the NSW Government assures the council the appropriate safety and capacity needs of the road are in place. The development has potential for up to 1700 lots. "I'm sick of reading newspapers where politicians' responses are cosmetic upgrades," he said. "Appin Road is a death trap. "You would think something like this would have been ratified. "I'm asking not only the politicians to listen, but also [my fellow] councillors to vote with me to make sure [this development] doesn't happen. "There should be no development done without correct infrastructure." A former Appin resident of 11 years, Cr Borg said he frequently heard sirens and always "feared it could have been one of my children or grandchildren". Professor Greaves of the University of Sydney's Institute of Transport and Logistic Studies recently said the the frequency of fatalities on Appin Road should "raise a red flag". The speed limit along Appin Road between the township of Appin and Bulli Tops will be reduced from 100km/h to 90km/h as of Monday, February 23. Professor Greaves said the move would be redundant unless the limits were enforced. ____________________________________________________________ What do you think of Appin Road? Sounds off in the comments below.
https://nnimgt-a.akamaihd.net/transform/v1/crop/frm/silverstone-feed-data/2904efe5-a12f-467c-9802-a3bde44d510d.jpg/r0_298_756_725_w1200_h678_fmax.jpg
After a largely peaceful year between club owners and the city, licensing officials are now chasing restaurant owners near Hess Village for paid duty policing fees.
The owners of Lou Dawg's Southern BBQ, Agave Mex-I-Can and Ten Decades are all scheduled to appear at the city's licensing tribunal on Monday over unpaid fees.
But while Hess Village's nightclub owners often faced bills of thousands of dollars for mandatory paid duty policing, these restaurants are only dealing with bills ranging from just under $60 to $370.
Up until 2015, about a dozen Hess Village bar and restaurant owners were paying about $115,000 a year to cover paid duty policing in the city's entertainment district. Both city staff and Hamilton police say that sort of arrangement doesn't exist anywhere else in Canada.
In that time crowds dwindled, and club owners decried paying for police costs themselves.
Several ended up before the city's licensing tribunal for unpaid police bills, and Sizzle/Koi owner Dean Collett launched a lawsuit in 2013 over what he called an unfair practice.
Things improved last year, when the city agreed to pay half of the owners' costs for the next two years as part of a special pilot project. But now, the issue is creeping up again.
A lack of information
Lou Dawg's co-owner Erika Puckering told CBC News that she hasn't paid her bill largely because she can't get a straight answer from the city as to how her fee is calculated. Lou Dawg's opened in April on George Street, near Hess Village.
"We started receiving invoices at the end of May — it just describes what [the bill] is, but not any details," Puckering said.
She has called the city several times looking for information, but no one has been able to give her a straight answer, she says.
"No one seems to know who we should be talking to." Puckering says she plans to use the hearing as a venue to be able to ask those questions.
Puckering also pointed out that Lou Dawg's is "food focused," and is on the neighbouring George Street, and therefore she doesn't think that it should be on the hook for Hess's police costs.
"There hasn't been any need in our area," she said.
Area seeing improvements, councillor says
But Ward 2 Coun. Jason Farr told CBC News that any establishment that stays open past 11 p.m. in the Hess entertainment district ends up paying a portion of the paid duty fees.
He also said that the licensing tribunal can't ignore the bills, even if they are for small amounts.
"There is a protocol, and the amount isn't a stipulation," he said.
Farr has long fought to get the cost of bylaw under control, and was one of the main drivers of the new agreement between the club owners and the city last year.
He says the situation at Hess Village has improved in that time, with larger crowds, more of a focus on food, and capital improvements in the area by the city.
"I've met with the bar owners on a number of occasions and they tell me things are better," he said. "Addressing the policing issue, as it stands, has been helpful."
"We're starting to see the benefits after all this time."
adam.carter@cbc.ca
Print
Actions Print Author Topic: Marauder IIC: First Impressions and Review (Read 8230 times) GMan129 Writer
Veteran
Extra info Marauder IIC: First Impressions and Review
In fact, I like this mech so much that I've had to consider whether or not there's a pay-to-win risk here - my experiences with the Marauder IIC have been very similar to the ones with the Kodiak at its release: reliably high damage games and a sore back. I do think that the Kodiak itself does mitigate those issues, as even without its quirks it remains such a powerhouse, but I believe the Marauder IIC is damn close to problematic without quite being there.
There are definitely some issues holding the mech back, too. First off, it's the most sluggish Marauder I've ever played - the lack of quirks can be a real pain when you're trying to corner in a mech that runs under 70KPH. The armor is also quite thin (though the hitboxes are pretty good), but the most unique issue I've had with it is the cockpit itself; the framework around the windows feels thicker than on most mechs, impeding more of my view when not fully zoomed in. At most, it's a minor nuisance, but I've certainly felt it.
But let's get on to...
Builds
MAD-IIC
This is one of my favorite cMPL boats, maybe all-time top. And I love my cMPLs. I prefer this to the KDK-1 and KDK-5 options for a few reasons: it's faster (by 5-10KPH), slimmer (easier to poke without fully exposing), and the weapon placement just feels better.
The build won't be a main meta pick, but it will keep me (and anyone else who enjoys almost-brawling-but-not-quite) happy. Of course, you can do more
MAD-IIC-8
This is the one variant that I absolutely hate. The only unique feature is a single missile hardpoint with a 15% missile cooldown quirk. I get that it's the only other actually canon Marauder IIC variant in the pack (I think the others are based on stuff, but not actually in canon), but I'm really glad that they used it as just the Early Adopter Reward so that missing out on it wasn't a big deal.
This build (and most others for this variant) can be done exactly the same on the MAD-IIC, but I still think it's worth highlighting it because it's what I was most anticipating going into the Marauder IIC's release. But that RT energy hardpoint is at the mech's hip, making the build so much worse. Really shoulda seen that one coming...
It's still pretty good, though. You can do it with 4 Large Pulse or 4 ER PPCs, but I went 2 and 2 and had more fun with that.
MAD-IIC-A
This variant gave me quite a bit of variety. Of course, nearly all of the builds are based on some sort of dakka, but there are lots of permutations to be found, such as this
I'm still not sure whether this is the best variant, or just my favorite variant. There's an awful lot to say for the hero, but it doesn't have the asymmetry and the low mounts didn't treat me all that well on this chassis. But let's move on to the
MAD-IIC-B
This is the jumpjetting energy boat of the bunch, with a couple missile hardpoints thrown in for good measure (carbon copy of the MAD-5D's hardpoints). I ended up using this Large Pulse build for the most part, but I am really not a fan of the arm mounts and
Probably my second-least favorite variant after the IIC-8, it didn't feel particularly fresh or good, but it also wasn't egregiously sinful.
MAD-IIC-C
This is the variant I was expecting to be the best, but after the UAC/10 nerfs, it's not quite living up to my expectations. In fact, it's the only variant that I've had a legitimately bad game in (though it was also my first VIP match, so I was a bit off balance). It's hot and temperamental, but despite all that, it's a good enough build.
I toyed around with a poptart (even threw an LBX5 in one game for extra alpha), but there weren't enough heat sinks, weapons, or jumpjets for me to really be happy with it. Overall, it's an above-average variant, but not exceptionally exciting to me (though I haven't tried
MAD-IIC-D
ECM does not a good mech make. And the lack of a larger second energy hardpoint and the low cap on the engine make it hard to use this mech effectively. The best alternative build I've looked at is this
It might have been OP if it had the similar hardpoints to the other variants, but I don't think gimping the speed was necessary. Definitely one of the worse variants.
MAD-IIC-SC "Scorch"
This variant is the one that gave me the most concern when it comes to balance issues. Not only is it the only one capable of fitting the devastating double PPC/Gauss combo, but it has the most missile hardpoints, making it pretty damn good at most everything. And it does work out that way for the most part; though its symmetry and low mounts do hinder its Gauss/PPC nastiness, it's a surprisingly brutal brawler (I can't mention the
If it's not the best Marauder IIC variant, it's the second best, and easily the most versatile.
Final Thoughts
What a mech. It's got so many good builds on it, and a few great ones. Not to mention, I actually had a lot of fun with it too. I won't be able to definitively say how good it is until I do more playtesting to compare it to the Timber Wolf, Night Gyr, and Kodiak, but some of the variants being Tier 2 is pretty much a lock, with Tier 1 looking pretty likely.
It's not without flaws, but the Marauder IIC exceeds my personal expectations in terms of performance and enjoyment.
Scores
Off: 9
Def: 7
Mob: 7
Fun: 8
OVR: 7.75
For what it's worth, I know these scores are silly, subjective, and just about irrelevant. Just kinda feels good to put abstract concepts into numerical form. Tickles part of my brain.
Actions Print
No Guts No Galaxy
NGNG News and Discussions
NGNG News
Articles
Marauder IIC: First Impressions and Review
By Jessica Meyers
WASHINGTON — A regulatory battle in Washington has compelled professors to ground their research drones, the tiny aircraft academics consider vital for archaeological surveys, river mapping, and countless other discoveries.
The Federal Aviation Administration recently clarified that only hobbyists can fly unmanned aircraft without a special permit. The restrictions aim to improve safety and curb the myriad schemes entrepreneurs have envisioned, from Amazon package drops to pizza deliveries.
But now scholars warn the FAA's action jeopardizes their work and undermines basic education. The issue lands them in the center of a fight over government's role in airspace and the appropriate use of drones.
“Aircraft are being defined so broadly that it leaves no space for innovation,” said Paul Voss, an associate professor of engineering at Smith College in Northampton and coordinator of a protest letter signed by nearly 30 researchers, including professors from Boston University and Harvard.
“If you go to Walmart and buy a 15-inch remote-controlled helicopter and use it for fun, it's a toy,” Voss said. “If you use it for education or research from 4 feet off the grass, it's an unmanned aircraft system.”
Voss expects to cancel an aerial-vehicle design course this year because students won't be able to fly prototypes.
Eric Poehler, an assistant professor of classics at the University of Massachusetts Amherst, plans to downsize his archeological project in Pompeii because he can't teach his students how to use new equipment or test it himself. And Scott Drzyzga, who teaches geography at Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania, won't get the bird's-eye view so crucial to his research on the removal of dams from rivers.
http://www.bostonglobe.com/news/nation/2014/08/17/academic-researchers-say-faa-rules-are-forcing-them-ground-their-drones/8iNrbYGo5AGevXl6b3XGiL/story.html
The operation signed today in Buenos Aires is the EIB's first with the Argentine Republic since 1996
The Argentine Bank of Investment and Foreign Trade will manage the funds
The European Investment Bank (EIB) will provide USD 71m to the Argentine Republic to finance investment in Argentine small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs). This liquidity will enable them to continue growing and creating jobs in the country. EIB Vice-President responsible for Latin America Román Escolano and Argentine Minister of Finance Luis Caputo signed the USD 71m loan today in Buenos Aires. It will enable the EU bank to assist Argentine businesses via the Bank of Investment and Foreign Trade (BICE), which will manage the funds and provide at least an additional USD 71m.
The operation signed today is the EIB's first with the Argentine public sector since 1996. The EU bank began operations in Argentina in 1994, and since then has signed 13 operations in the public and private sectors aiming to support the country's economic growth. The loan granted today is intended to foster productivity in Argentine SMEs, which are the main drivers of the national economy and will be able to benefit from the favourable borrowing conditions provided by the EIB in terms of both maturities and interest rates.
At the signing ceremony, EIB Vice-President Román Escolano said: “The positive impact of this loan will be its contribution to private sector economic development in Argentina, granting credit to businesses to provide liquidity to all productive sectors. The operation signed today shows the EU's commitment to working with Argentina and our steadfast support for its economic reforms.”
Argentine Minister of Finance Luis Caputo highlighted the EIB's support for granting loans to SMEs. “Recovering the world's trust in Argentina is a central pillar of the strategy of the Government and this Ministry. This work has made it possible for us to obtain good financing terms for SMEs and entrepreneurs.”
“The funding secured with the EIB will enable us to achieve our goal as a development bank: promoting financial inclusion and extending the maturities of the loans used to finance businesses across the country. We will steer these funds into loans granted directly or via our second-tier channel, where they will be used to finance productive investment, exports and renewable energy projects promoting sustainable growth,” said BICE President Pablo Garcia.
The EIB loan signed today with the Argentine Republic is covered by the EU guarantee agreement and is granted under the EU Latin America lending mandate 2014-2020.
The EIB Vice-President responsible for Latin America is in Argentina as part of a visit to several countries in the region, where he has signed other related agreements to drive economic, social and environmental development.
The EIB in Latin America
The European Union is Latin America's main economic development partner and the EIB, as the EU bank, supports cooperation between the two regions by financing projects that help meet EU foreign policy objectives: economic development, social and environmental infrastructure, private sector development and tackling climate change.
The EIB provides economic support for projects in Latin America by facilitating long-term investment with favourable conditions and by providing the technical support needed to ensure that these projects deliver positive social, economic and environmental results.
Since the EIB began operations in Latin America in 1993, it has provided financing for over 100 projects in 14 countries in the region, with total investment of EUR 7bn. In recent years, the EU bank has provided around EUR 900m to implement projects in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Ecuador, Mexico, Panama and Paraguay.
It was recently announced that Rap Genius has some pretty major financial help lined up. California venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz is reportedly investing $15 million in the site, which uses crowd-sourcing to provide and explain the lyrics of rap songs.
In a post on Rap Genius itself, the firm's Marc Andreessen explains that even more than the actual content of Rap Genius, he's interested in the way that the site utilizes annotations. He explains,
“Finally, there's the other reason – maybe even the real reason – why I'm so fired up about this idea and this investment. Only a handful of people know that the big missing feature from the web browser – the feature that was supposed to be in from the start but didn't make it – is the ability to annotate any page on the Internet with commentary and additional information. Back in 1993, when Eric Bina and I were first building Mosaic, it seemed obvious to us that users would want to annotate all text on the web – our idea was that each web page would be a launchpad for insight and debate about its own contents. So we built a feature called "group annotations" right into the browser – and it worked great – all users could comment on any page and discussions quickly ensued. Unfortunately, our implementation at that time required a server to host all the annotations, and we didn't have the time to properly build that server, which would obviously have had to scale to enormous size. And so we dropped the entire feature. I often wonder how the Internet would have turned out differently if users had been able to annotate everything – to add new layers of knowledge to all knowledge, on and on, ad infinitum. And so, 20 years later, Rap Genius finally gives us the opportunity to find out. It's an ambitious mission, and one we are proud to get behind.”
Read the rest of the letter (annotations and all) over at Rap Genius.
[via TheFader]
Owners of Samsung's Galaxy S smartphone and the 7-inch Galaxy Tab won't be getting the latest and greatest version of Android.
In a blog posting on a Korean promotional site run by Samsung, the company noted that the two devices would not receive the update to Android 4.0, the most up to date version of Google's mobile operating system.
The reason for that, as The Verge explains, centers around Samsung's use of additional software features on those phones, including TouchWiz, widgets, video calling and carrier software pack-ins. These suck up hardware resources to the point of giving users a less than desirable Android experience, Samsung says.
Sure to make things a bit complicated is that the Galaxy S is a close sibling of Samsung's recently-released Galaxy Nexus--at the least on paper. That phone ships with Android 4.0, known more readily as Ice Cream Sandwich.
Announced in October, Ice Cream Sandwich adds a number of new features to devices on the platform, the main one being the unification of the OS for both tablets and smartphones, as well as the addition of software-based buttons that replace the ones that have been physical buttons. As with other major releases of Android, it carries with it particular hardware requirements, leaving a number of older devices stuck on certain versions indefinitely.
About
I am going to make a solar and wind assisted semi.
Every day the US uses about 368.51 MILLION GALLONS of fuel a day.
Semi tractors can go through 200 gallons of diesel fuel in one day on average.
The commercial industry leading trucks only average 7 miles to the gallon.
I am hoping this system will increase that average.
By out fitting the top of a 53 foot trailer with solar panels and mounting a wind turbine on the cab of a truck. You should be able to produce enough power to reduce the use of fuel by quite a bit.
It may seem of little interest but reducing fuel consumption should be a huge concern in our world. By any means possible.
Their is no reason this should not work.
America's Perilous Habit of Undervaluing Islands:
As Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel heads off to Asia to urge resolution of some of Asia's island disputes, many Americans will continue to scratch their heads in wonder as to why several Asian countries are at loggerheads over some small, seemingly useless and unpopulated islands.
It's a hopeless case of nationalism gone amok, signal some strategists, so let's move on…Others simply dismiss such confrontations as a mere dust-up over the potential economic value of the sea surrounding bits of coral or barely-habitable rock. That's all well and good, but…we need to remember that, these days, islands are not just economic assets, valued solely for their Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZs) and under-seabed resources.
Islands are military assets with strategic and tactical value.
That's right. Islands, in an increasingly crowded world, are endowed with growing tactical–even strategic–military significance, and, barring significant volcanic activity or a surge in Dubai real estate prices, nobody's making them any more.
And I worry that American national security tastemakers, in particular, systematically undervalue islands.
Background:
It's not that the U.S. and other Western-oriented allies lack island bases–I mean, Iwo Jima, Wake Island, Ascension Island and Diego Garcia are some of the more rare (and, in some cases, coveted) military assets in the world–isolated outposts far from prying eyes. And these islands are, on occasion, recognized by the Pentagon as unsinkable places that have potential to serve as forward-based aircraft carriers, logistical support assets, test-and-trials facilities, sensor farms and research centers.
But remote, disaster-prone and hard-to-supply island bases are innately expensive to operate. And, barring an emergency, it's almost always an uphill fight to keep them going.
To some extent, that's normal. Islands have weathered a fascinating rise and fall in strategic importance. It is still quite stunning that much of the original modern-era military presence at these places grew, in large part, from the logistical limitations of coal-powered ships. But those days are long gone.
Isolated, “choke-point” coaling facilities became obsolete after World War I, only to have World War II pushes those places–along with several far-off patches of coral–back into prominence as aircraft ferrying waypoints, repair depots, logistical support and so forth. And again, as the Cold War wound down, the importance of island bases diminished–with occasional exceptions.
But today, island bases–particularly isolated ones with a strong port infrastructure or a good airstrip–are irreplaceable. Ascension Island was critical in the recovery of the Falklands, and Diego Garcia has been a factor in every single one of America's adventures in the Middle East. Iwo supports Navy training from a great field, and even little ‘ole Wake, after being walloped by a Cyclone, is punching above her weight as a missile defense test site while gradually rebuilding.
Add in the islands/outposts that are still relatively remote yet remain integrated into a nearby population center (Kwajalein Atoll, The Falklands, Guam, etc.) and they all offer quite a grab-bag of interesting/valuable capability to their hosts.
Remote island bases demonstrate their value time after time. But despite the record, accountant-warriors are always lurking, ready to use any opportunity to move their expenses off the books. The more isolated the island, the harder it becomes to justify a military presence–sometimes even maintaining government ownership of islands in the accountant's crosshairs (take, for example, the proposed sale of Johnston Atoll a few years ago) is a challenge.
My concern is that, at the Pentagon and elsewhere in the US Government, the potential military contribution of island outposts (particularly small ones) are being systematically undervalued, which, in turn, may lead the US towards poor strategic choices and miscalculation in assessing how national entities value their bits of contested rock.
We're just not primed to think creatively about islands as bases anymore.
Some reasons why the U.S. has an anti-island bias:
Islands are administratively out of US favor: To some extent, qualities that endow bits of rock with strategic value are exactly the same things that make generations of Pentagon-bound, business-minded warrior-accountants and their associated desk-skippers blanche. Justifying base expenses is a challenge under the best of circumstances, and no post-Sequestration administrator in their right mind will dare to request the substantial operational funds required to establish a new “high-operational cost” outpost in some out-of-the-way ocean. So we just don't think about it. For the US, new island bases are so far out of the realm of the possible, few waste times mulling the matter.
And with the national security bureaucracy no longer primed to consider island bases, we risk developing a blind spot when making assessments of other countries' level of interest and commitment to islands or sea features.
Island bases offer few domestic political benefits: Islands don't vote. And, right now, the Pentagon depends upon Congressional support. Outside of a rump contingent for Guam, no member of Congress directly “owns” investments made in some bereft island outpost–so unless the military is doing something that has significant “Not In My Backyard” potential (say, destroying Chemical Weaponry), islands are going to have to fight the “why isn't this item/base/activity being done in my district” argument. It isn't a fight that the Pentagon wants to wage.
Again, these domestic pressures mean that island bases are being unfairly pushed off the national security radar.
Pentagon is primed for consolidation and minimization of the military's geographical footprint: The last thing DOD administrators want to consider is the prospect of, say, exploiting the vestiges of America's World War II-era logistical network throughout many of the Pacific's 30,000-ish islands. We're in BRAC mode, looking to shed assets, and, again, not thinking creatively about exploiting geography and mulling new bases or new basing structures.
The Pentagon is biased towards mobile sensors/power projection assets: America is eager to hold onto whatever shipbuilding/floating naval assets we can, and that makes the Pentagon predisposed to dismiss, say, the idea of, say, using Thitu Island as a tiny forward-based aircraft carrier or listening post. We prefer sending in a SSN or dispatching a CVN–4.5 acres of floating U.S. sovereignty. And we do this despite acknowledging the fact that, in isolated areas, persistent presence is important and shared bases, outside the public eye, have worked quite well.
Operations off, say, a rented 45-Hectare island in the South China Sea might offer some very interesting geopolitical and operational opportunities that wouldn't come from a brief DDG/LCS or CVN visit.
We forget that most other countries don't have our floating arsenal, and, as such, must think harder about exploiting geography–for them, it may be far more cost-effective to use geography to house a missile base, a listening post or air wing than to develop carrier battle groups, subs or survivable combatants (as an aside, we've done so many cost-benefit analyses of big vs. small carriers, I'd love to know when the last time we completed a full-on cost-benefit analysis of maintaining some small forward airbases on Pacific/Indian Ocean islets–the carrier would win, but at least this sort of exercise would force defense taste-makers to at least explore the issue a bit).
Washington has forgotten terraforming works: In the US, the era of grand-scale terraforming is over. The whole area of expertise is entirely off the radar (if not entirely defunct), and we've forgotten that engineers–back in the day–did things like transforming a tiny reef-top island, Johnson Atoll, into a small seabase housing 1,000 people and boasting a 9,000 ft-long airstrip. Anybody who dares to come into the Pentagon today with such a plan would be laughed out of the room–with the idea mocked as too expensive, unable to survive environmental review and so forth. But our values are not universally shared, and other countries may be quite willing to transform an atoll into a Diego Garcia-like post, regardless of cost and environmental toll.
Pentagon management of militarily-valuable island bases is fragmented. The islands of U.S. military interest are held under a grab-bag of different administrative entities, depriving them of a single, high-profile Pentagon/DOD champion. The Army administers Wake and Kwaj., The Navy and Air Force are more interested in Diego Garcia…and when islands get lost in departmental stovepipes, it makes assessment of overall value all the harder. Quantifying the value of a simple coaling station was easy, but today, with all the different managers, and all the different threats, defining value is a real challenge.
Island vulnerability is being debated: Precision-guided missiles and atomic weaponry are supposed to be the death knell for permanent bases. Personally, I think the threat of precision-guided weaponry is (except those dwelling within the range of China's massive arsenal of short-range coastal defense missiles) is a tad inflated, but that's a discussion for another post. Islands are still valuable for flexible forward presence and shaping efforts alone.
So…given the grab-bag of challenges and issues listed here (and many others that aren't), it is my sense that the U.S. is primed to undervalue islands. The U.S. government may simply be institutionally predisposed to minimize the potential utility of islands. We're biased. It happens.
What does America's Anti-Island Bias Mean?
Is America risking miscalculation by undervaluing the military value of islands?
You bet.
Primarily, the U.S. is at risk of underestimating the military value other countries put upon islands and island bases.
We also risk discounting entire important regions. Indonesia, the Philippines and Japan are all archipelagos, and they're all on the front lines of the Pacific Pivot. We should be right there with them, putting our well-worn (and likely locally unsuitable) Pentagon-grown “anti-island” biases aside to better understand just how these countries are approaching the problem of defending their island territories.
And then, outside of the immediate strategic impacts, there are the second and third order effects–Undervaluing islands, for example, changes the way America approaches amphibious warfare, and likely impacts procurement of new amphibious vessels or other critical assault equipment.
Not having island bases encourages the U.S. to discount assets that might be very useful for island resupply or logistical support.
There's an international facet to this anti-island bias as well. Discounting the utility of isolated islands may artificially diminish chances of the State Department pressing for a more comprehensive relationship with potentially useful island-holding countries, like, say, France (Or the UK, Japan, Indonesia, the Solomon Islands, etc, etc…).
Conclusion:
Asia is showing us that islands are increasingly valuable and coveted as military assets. So, if old strategies and long-held habit, coupled with bureaucratic and political pressures, are actually biasing the U.S. against islands, the Pentagon must take steps to re-analyze the military value of islands and island basing–and then make darn sure that our assessments of island value are in-line with everybody else–because, in a growing number of places, those little pieces of coral or rock are “in demand” and considered to be well-worth fighting over.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has been embroiled in a row over the use of data on seven-day services
The health secretary "misrepresented" data to put his case for a seven-day NHS in England, says Jeremy Corbyn.
The Labour leader attacked Jeremy Hunt after the BBC revealed the health secretary used academically unverified and unpublished data to back his plans.
Last July, in the pay row with junior doctors, Mr Hunt said there were about 6,000 deaths a year because of the lack of "a proper seven-day service".
But this assertion was later questioned by academics.
Emails show one of the authors of the unpublished paper, which Mr Hunt was using to justify the 6,000 figures, was unhappy with how his study was being used.
A spokesman said the information had been shared with the department by the NHS's medical director for England, Sir Bruce Keogh.
Labour is calling for an investigation into whether Mr Hunt leaned on his department in order to cover up his advance sight of the study.
Last July, Mr Hunt said: "Around 6,000 people lose their lives every year because we do not have a proper seven-day service in hospitals."
This figure was then used regularly by the government in its argument for changes to doctors' contracts.
The news prompted a heated clash in Prime Minister's Questions on Wednesday.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said the prime minister and health secretary owed the profession an apology.
"This dispute with junior doctors has been on the basis of misrepresented research."
But David Cameron defended Mr Hunt, saying the contract was needed to introduce more seven-day services.
"I have to say - I think if Nye Bevan was here today, he'd want a seven-day NHS because he knew the NHS was for patients up and down our country," he added.
But Mr Corbyn hit back: "Nye Bevan would be turning in his grave if he could hear your attitude towards the NHS."
The BBC story revealed emails from NHS England showed Mr Hunt knew details of the sensitive study into weekend deaths at least two months before it was published in the British Medical Journal (BMJ), and based the 6,000 figures on his understanding of the data.
When the BBC asked NHS England and the Department of Health for the source of the 6,000 figures, neither was able to answer.
The UK Statistics Authority then wrote to NHS England, reminding the department that "data mentioned publicly by ministers should be available equally to all users".
Image copyright Thinkstock
An email released under the Freedom of Information Act, written by NHS England's Seven Day Services Forum project manager Deborah Williams to one of the BMJ study authors, said: "We were challenged to cite the source of the 6,000 figures and attempted to offer up the most bland statement possible, that would neither confirm not contradict [Mr Hunt's] statement."
The study author, Domenico Pagano, refused to corroborate Mr Hunt's use of the figures, saying: "It will be inaccurate and counterproductive to quote that our analysis is due to be published in the BMJ shortly, as this is not the case and may seem to interfere with the peer review process."
When finally published in September 2015, the research actually suggested there were 11,000 excess deaths per year as a result of the "weekend effect" - although the authors pointed out this could not be proven to be linked to staffing levels.
'Interests of patients'
It seems that civil servants had to cobble together a post-hoc rationalisation for Jeremy Hunt's sound bites Heidi Alexander, Shadow health secretary
A separate string of emails seen by the BBC under the Freedom of Information Act shows officials at Whitehall and NHS England then backtracked, using a combination of figures already in the public domain from 2009 and 2012 to attempt to provide an explanation for the 6,000 excess deaths claim. NHS England then published this in a "low-key fashion" on their website on 6 August.
One official at the Department of Health wrote to another at NHS England explaining the fudge, saying: "I am keen to avoid undue criticism of either [the Department of Health] or NHS England'.
NHS England has now admitted Mr Hunt had had advance sight of "headline figures" of the BMJ study prior to it being accepted for publication.
A spokesman said NHS medical director for England Sir Bruce Keogh and one of the study's authors alongside Dr Pagano, had shared some findings with "interested parties" including the Department of Health and the Review Body on Doctors' and Dentists' Remuneration (DDRB).
This is despite NHS England's Freedom of Information Officer saying in October last year: "Sir Bruce Keogh did not discuss the study's findings with anyone at the Department of Health at any point before or after the publication of this article."
NHS England now says this October statement is "clearly a mistake, and absurd" and Sir Bruce is "devastated" the focus has now shifted from "the issues of patient safety".
NHS England said: "The data on this topic has been consistent and it cannot be dismissed or ignored.
"We make no apology for using data and analysis to inform NHS and government policy in the best interests of patients."
A Department of Health spokesman said: "This 6,000 figures was NHS England's analysis. Subsequent independent clinical studies have shown further variation in the quality of care across the week, and more recent analysis makes clear there could actually be as many as 11,000 excess deaths owing to the 'weekend effect'."
Labour shadow health secretary Heidi Alexander said: "This is an extremely serious state of affairs given the weight attached to these figures by the health secretary in justifying changes to junior doctors' contracts.
"Rather than admitting the source of the figures, it seems that civil servants had to cobble together a post-hoc rationalisation for Jeremy Hunt's sound bites.
"There now needs to be a full investigation about whether pressure was put upon officials and whether the health secretary was involved."
Ken Ham‘s Creation “Museum” in Kentucky has been a source of embarrassment for those of us in the U.S. since it opened its doors in 2007, but Ham is now targeting a new demographic: Canadian homeschoolers.
Ham has been invited to be a keynote speaker at the Alberta Home Education Association (AHEA) convention, meaning homeschoolers all over Canada (Christian and non-Christian alike) will be exposed to his brand of science denial. The same group previously invited the Duggar family, according to CBC News.
An Alberta homeschooling group that came under fire in 2016 for booking controversial reality-TV couple Michelle and Jim Bob Duggar for its annual convention is again facing heat — this time for inviting a leading U.S. creationist to speak. Ken Ham is listed as one of three keynote speakers at the annual Alberta Home Education Association (AHEA) convention next April in Red Deer.
As CBC pointed out, there has already been substantial backlash. Some locals have called for Bill Nye to intervene, since he debated Ham and dispelled his myths, while others have encouraged atheists to protest the event.
This is a big deal because Canada isn't as heavily religious as the United States. And those who are religious don't tend to be fundamentalists (although there are, of course, exceptions). A study from 2012 showed the differences in beliefs between different countries when it comes to evolution and Young Earth Creationism.
In a recent survey by Angus Reid Public Opinion, it seems the answer to this scientific — or religious — question is not quite settled. According to the findings, 61 per cent of Canadians and 69 per cent of Britons think human beings evolved from simpler life forms, while just 30 per cent of Americans agree. Fifty-one per cent of Americans, meanwhile, think God created people in the past 10,000 years, a belief commonly known as “creationism” that is shared by only 22 per cent of Canadians and 17 per cent of Britons. The remaining respondents said they were “not sure.”
If Ham and other Creationists invited to AHEA have anything to say about it, these numbers could change and Canada could look more like the United States when it comes to fundamentalists. That could hurt the education system in Canada, where public schools have so far remained essentially free of Creationist materials.
This is also important because AHEA isn't specifically a Christian organization. Although the “secularization” of schools has always been one of its concerns, there are non-Christian homeschoolers in Canada who look to that group for standards on educating their children.
The problem isn't homeschooling. The problem is pretending that Ham's revisionist history and fake science represents a credible perspective that homeschooling parents ought to know more about. If they're not familiar with the topic, this would be disastrous for them, and subsequently awful for their children.
Hopefully the people of Canada are smart enough to realize the mistake their neighbors to the South have made far too many times: Ham isn't a scientist, he doesn't understand the subject, he doesn't surround himself by people who produce papers and are considered credible in their fields, and he's the last person parents should look to when teaching their kids about science.
(Screenshot via YouTube)
When you're Samuel L. Jackson you can demand pretty much whatever you want and you might even get it.
The actor famously insisted that the working title for the movie “Snakes on a Plane” become the actual title for the film, saying the ridiculous title was the whole reason he took the film. And as Jedi Master Mace Windu in the Star Wars universe, Jackson personally asked George Lucas if he could buck Jedi convention and have a purple lightsaber, a demand Lucas initially denied but later acceded.
Now, Jackson might be trying to resurrect the dead.
In an recent Q&A on social media, Jackson was asked why his character, Mace Windu, was killed at the end of Star Wars Episode III—Revenge of the Sith. (To recap: Emperor Palpatine uses Force lighting to attack Windu, causing him to fall out of the window of a very tall Senate Building.)
“In my mind I'm not dead,” Jackson said. “Jedi's can fall incredibly high distances and not die.”
Asked by Entertainment Weekly to elaborate on his position that Mace Windu survived the fall against all odds, Jackson doubled down. “Jedi's can fall from amazing distances and there's a long history of one armed, one handed Jedis.[sic]” Jackson said he told Lucas he thought Windu was still alive, to which the creator of the Star Wars universe replied, according to Jackson, “I'm OK with that. You can be alive.”
Lucasfilm was picked up by the Walt Disney Company in 2012 and Lucas no longer has an official role in developing the films, but remember, this is Samuel L. Jackson, who says he still has his Mace Windu lightsaber in his desk drawer at home, which, Jackson says, has the letters BMF inscribed on the on button.
We can't tell you what the acronym stands for but Google should be able to help you out.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Max Schulte/AP/Press Association Images
Last week, officials with the LeRoy Central School District in northwestern New York state approved a plan for further environmental testing at the town's high school, where 19 people — 18 girls and one boy — have developed a sudden-onset disorder with symptoms similar to the movement disorder Tourette's syndrome. The outbreak has captured national attention and led experts to suggest an array of possible explanations — none of which seem to quite work. With speculation running high, here is a look at the facts surrounding the outbreak.
How and when did the symptoms appear?
Several of the girls report that the symptoms seemed to come out of nowhere — one minute they were asleep, the next they had woken and developed uncontrollable movements and vocalizations. Their tics could be dramatic: arms twitching or jolting out to one side, speech chopped up by nonsense utterings, head jerking, eyes blinking. Some girls have also had blackouts and seizures. The first case was in May last year, the second in early September. By the end of October, eight students were affected. That is when the New York State Department of Health was called in to investigate.
Is there some contaminant in the school?
If there is, no one has found it yet. The high school was built in 2003 and has about 630 students. School officials commissioned air-quality testing in late December, measuring levels of 58 volatile organic chemicals, 63 pesticides and herbicides, 11 metals, cyanide, polychlorinated biphenyls and ketones. They found nothing amiss. They also found no evidence of fungus or mould and no problems with ventilation. Water was tested at two locations inside the school as well as at the point where the municipal supply enters the school, and the water quality seems fine.
What do the students' doctors think?
Eight of the girls have been diagnosed with 'conversion disorder', or mass hysteria. (Three of the girls had reported prior tic problems.) Cases of conversion disorder generally occur among people who are in close contact with each other. Usually there is a trigger, such as a smell, and then one person becomes ill, followed by many others. The sickness seems to be organic, but investigations identify no physical cause. Females are affected more often than males. In such cases, the symptoms are distinct: for instance seizures occur without characteristic changes in an electroencephalogram. The condition is rare, but the health department's report cites a few other cases in the medical literature. One describes a Tennessee high school at which the smell of gas, with no evidence of an actual gas leak, led to dozens of reports of illness. But the LeRoy situation doesn't fit the diagnosis very well, say sceptics. The cases emerged over many months, and the students ranged in age from 13 to 19 years and were in five different grades. They did not spend time with each other and, at first, were not aware of each other's symptoms.
Could it be an infection?
There is growing awareness that a bacterial infection can lead to sudden-onset tics. Known as PANDAS, or PANS, the syndrome is thought to be an autoimmune disorder. Again, however, these students' cases don't quite fit. None reported a serious infection immediately before the symptoms set in, they are older than is typical for the disorder, and PANS usually affects boys more than girls and doesn't usually present in clusters. There is no definitive test for the condition, but to the extent that blood can hint at past infections, only some of the girls have evidence of recent bacterial infection.
What about environmental toxins?
This is a question that continues to haunt locals, because in December 1970, LeRoy was the site of a train derailment that spilt one tonne of what the Environmental Protection Agency describes as "cyanide crystals" and more than 114,000 litres of the industrial solvent trichloroethene (TCE). The spill site is about 5.6 kilometres from the school and, although there is groundwater contamination, it is well monitored and does not extend to the school area. Gravel from a quarry near the spill site was used to construct a playing field at the school. But water in the school was specifically tested for traces of TCE and levels were not elevated. Also, although TCE exposure has been linked to many conditions — for example, nausea, liver damage and cancer — tics are not among them. The only possible link is that it may increase the risk of another movement disorder, Parkinson's disease.
Could the human papillomavirus vaccine be involved?
Only seven of the girls had received the vaccine and, in each case, more than a year had elapsed between the last dose and the onset of symptoms. Tics are not a known side effect of the vaccine (Gardasil).
What happens next?
Some of those affected have now recovered. School officials have approved further testing of both the air and the soil, but still insist that there is no danger to other students.
Every morning and afternoon, millions of WSB listeners and viewers have relied on Capt. Herb Emory to help them navigate Atlanta's roadways. His voice -- that unmistakably chipper voice -- guided frustrated commuters through traffic mayhem.
When he heard a two-vehicle crash Saturday afternoon not far from his South Burnt Hickory Road home, Emory called 911 and did something that colleagues and friends said was natural to him.
He helped.
It turned out to be his last act of kindness.
Emory, who collapsed after he sprang into action, died at 3:30 p.m. Saturday of a massive heart attack, Douglas County coroner Randy Daniel said. He was 61.
"That was Herb Emory," Douglas County Commission Chairman Tom Worthan said. "Always serving his community."
A native of Brevard, N.C., Emory caught the radio bug as a sixth-grader.
According to his bio on WSB's website, a bowling alley was adjacent to the town's 1000-watt radio station. He hung around and bugged the staffers at WPNF until they gave him a part-time job emptying trash, sweeping floors and sorting Associated Press copy.
After he graduated from high school, he moved to Atlanta to attend the Atlanta School of Broadcasting and National School of Broadcasting.
His first assignment in the Atlanta School of Broadcasting was at WIIN 97.
Prior to landing at AM750 and 95.5FM News/Talk WSB and Channel 2 Action News in 1991, Emory made stops at WSNE (Cumming), WDGL (Douglasville), WFOM (Marietta), WACX (Austell), Georgia Network News and WQXI/94-Q/Star 94.
Emory kept an eagle eye trained on Atlanta's interstates during the week from his helicopter, which he called "the best office in town." He hosted special traffic and NASCAR broadcast programs with his wife Karen. He received the inaugural Excellence in Motorsports Journalism Award in 2012. Emory's last tweet Saturday was about NASCAR.
Working both the morning and afternoon rush-hour shifts to shepherd Atlanta's harried masses safely to and from work "felt like going to work 10 times a week," Emory said in his bio. But that was the lone drawback to a job he otherwise loved.
Clark Howard hosted a special broadcast Saturday evening dedicated to sharing memories of Emory, who was inducted into the Georgia Radio Hall of Fame in 2008. Colleague Scott Slade called in to praise his close friend, who he said advanced traffic reporting and public service to an art form. Emory deserved to be inducted into the National Radio Hall of Fame, Slade said.
"I never saw him tire, I never saw him despondent, at least publicly," he said. "He's had personal tragedies in his life along the way, losing his son and so many other things. He always came back with the idea of being a public servant."
Emory served on the Georgia Radio Hall of Fame Board of Directors and on the Friends of Sweetwater Creek State Park Board of Directors. He is also a member of the Douglas County Animal Control Advisory Board.
Emory recently hosted a luncheon for about 50 traffic reporting volunteers in the WSB headquarters cafeteria.
"He made sure everyone in that room left with a prize," said Condace Pressley, the radio station's assistant program director. "A small way to thank them for what they do."
She said Emory hosted more charity events than any other WSB personality by a long shot. She had asked him recently for his calendar and counted 83 personal appearances in 2013 alone. For years, he held annual Toys for Tots fundraisers.
A Roswell woman who identified herself on Saturday's special broadcast as "Kay" called in tears as she pondered how to break the news to her 8-year-old daughter that the man they relied on to avoid Ga. 400 traffic snarls would no longer be on the radio.
"If the Captain said don't go somewhere, we didn't go in that direction," she told Howard.
Neil Boortz, who joined the program later, suggested the revamped Ga. 400/I-85 overpass be named for Emory, to which Slade and Howard swiftly agreed.
"He's going to be missed by Douglas County and the whole state of Georgia," said Daniel, the county coroner who enjoyed a 40-year friendship with Emory. "He's such a talent, a good friend and a good family man. You put them three together and that's a legacy."
Staff writer Rodney Ho contributed to this report.
Nicholas Notovitch and the "Jesus Thangka"
by Terry Anthony
In the summer of 2001, I took a friend of mine to see a Himalayan arts dealer I had patronized since the 1980's. I'd been purchasing Himalayan bowl gongs (more commonly known as Tibetan singing bowls) from him for 15 years or so, and my friend wanted my help in obtaining a good one for himself.
Among the 20 or so examples the dealer had in stock there was one fine old example with exceptional tone which my friend purchased. While we were examining the bowls, the dealer brought out a few other items to show me. He knew I was always interested in unusual items, so he showed me what he called, "the most unusual thangka I have ever seen." He'd been traveling to the Far East each year for over 20 years bringing back such items and had seen countless antique thangkas, so I knew that statement meant something.
[Above: Full panel of the tapestry showing two scenes from the life of Jesus.] [Left: Left panel in detail. Note the scars in hands of Jesus.] [Above: Figure 1 Right of panel in detail. Jesus walks on the water.]
A thangka (pronounced with the h silent) is the traditional form of religious painting produced by Buddhist monks for centuries in the Himalayas. They are usually painted on canvas or cotton cloth and framed in silk. The old ones are commonly worn, torn, faded, stained, and just generally beaten up by years of travel by caravan from one monastery to another, though some apparently never left their original monastery, or travelled little, so are in better condition.
Editor's Note: This article was written just after details on the Reebok sponsorship payment tiers were revealed, and is being re-featured on the Bloody Elbow front page for the weekend of October 31st-November 1st, with comments re-opened.
When the details of the Reebok deal were first released, a lot of fighters made their feelings on the deal heard in 140 characters or fewer. Within 24 hours, the majority had gone silent. Tweets were deleted, comments were softened and all in all Zuffa managed to keep the lid on the outcry, at least publicly.
For fans, this ambiguity made it really difficult to know what fighters really thought about the deal, and what kind of effect it would have on them financially. In 2013, I wrote a piece detailing the state of sponsorship in MMA with anonymous quotes from UFC champions right on down to regional fighters. With the advent of the Reebok deal, it made sense to do something similar again.
Along with my Bloody Elbow colleagues John Nash and Steph Daniels, I reached out to dozens of fighters. Most refused to participate including a UFC champion who had taken part in the previously referenced study. Nine agreed to give us their response. All of the responses were given under the condition of anonymity, and as such, these fighters will be referred to only in general terms of their position in the MMA hierarchy. It was made clear to the fighters that this piece had no slant. All responses would be included, positive or negative, and the only request we had, was that they be honest.
Below are the questions posed to the fighters, and the answers we received. Answers have been edited only for clarity and to remove any potentially identifying information. The thoughts, opinions and figures contained are all as reported to us by the athletes.
The questions cover how much the fighters will gain or lose, how happy they are with the deal, their feelings about the fairness of the deal and whether or not it makes them more likely to leave the UFC (or not join the UFC).
--
QUESTION ONE
How much do you make, on average, per fight from your combined sponsors? If per-year is a better metric, that's fine, too. A rough range (e.g $5,000-$10,000) is absolutely fine.
The amounts the Reebok deal pays per fight are listed below. The amount each fighter will lose or gain is given as a range for the purposes of ensuring they cannot be identified by the number of UFC bouts they have had.
Fighters with 1-5 fights make $2,500 per fight.
6-10 fights make $5,000 per fight.
11-15 fights $10,000 per fight.
16-20 fights $15,000 per fight.
21+ fights $20,000 per fight.
UFC Fighter & MMA Veteran: I used to make $15,000-$20,000 a fight. That was before the Reebok deal was announced.
Will lose $15,000-17,500 per fight.
UFC Top Contender: I made around $80,000 per fight before the Reebok announcement. That dropped to $35,000 for the last fight after the deal was announced.
Will lose $65,000-$70,000 per fight.
UFC Top Contender: I would make over $100,000 if the UFC didn't reject so many of my sponsors. I made between $15,000 and $20,000 in my last fight.
Will lose $10,000-$17,500 per fight.
UFC Former Title Contender: I make $50,000-$60,000 per fight.
Will lose $50,000-$57,500 per fight.
UFC & MMA Veteran: I made around $15,000 per fight.
Will lose $5,000-$10,000 per fight.
Top UFC Prospect: I make around $20,000 per fight just now.
Will lose $15,000-$17,500 per fight.
Top UFC Prospect: I make around $15,000 per fight just now.
Will lose $10,000-$12,500 per fight.
Popular Former UFC & Strikeforce Fighter: Fighting for Strikeforce and the UFC, I made about $1,500-$3,000 per fight in sponsors.
Would have gained $1,000-$2,000 per fight on average.
Popular Former Strikeforce Fighter: The UFC sponsor tax lowered sponsorship fees everywhere. Before that, I would make $30,000-$40,000 per fight. Now I would make $5,000-$7,500 per fight. It's a joke now.
Would lose $2,500-$5,000 per fight if they joined the UFC.
--
QUESTION TWO
Are you happy with the Reebok deal since it means you don't have to deal with sponsors personally/deal with sponsors who don't pay?
UFC Fighter & MMA Veteran: No. I'm very unhappy about it.
UFC Top Contender: I'm not happy.
UFC Top Contender: This Reebok thing is fucking ridiculous.
UFC Former Title Contender: I am not happy with it.
UFC & MMA Veteran: I have no problem with it, and now I don't have to get the sponsors myself. It'll cost me a little money, but save me some time.
Top UFC Prospect: I never have to deal with that stuff any way, my management team do. So it makes no difference to me.
Top UFC Prospect: No, I'm not happy.
Popular Former UFC & Strikeforce Fighter: If I was still with the UFC I would certainly value the reliability in sponsorships after having to deal with shady companies and inconsistent managers throughout my career.
Popular Former UFC Veteran
Popular Former Strikeforce Fighter: Makes no difference to me.
--
QUESTION THREE
What are your thoughts on how fair the UFC-Reebok sponsorship deal is to fighters?
UFC Fighter & MMA Veteran: I think it's incredibly unfair.
UFC Top Contender: I don't think it's fair at all.
UFC Top Contender: Zuffa are evil.
UFC Former Title Contender: I think it's unfair.
UFC & MMA Veteran: I can see why other fighters have a problem with it, but I get it.
Top UFC Prospect: I think it is unfair. Some fighters will not be too concerned because they will be making roughly the same amount of money as before. But MOST fighters (across all tiers) will be making less.
Top UFC Prospect: The deal is unfair as it stands. I expect it to change, though. We will see how far optimism gets me.
Popular Former UFC & Strikeforce Fighter: From all of the information that has been presented to the public, I think that the reebok deal averages out to be fair for the lower-tier fighters, if they don't have a visible presence. Fighters who made a splash on TUF and may not have had as many fights in the UFC but are publicly known may be an exception.
For the fighters who have been fighting longer in the UFC (5-20 fights), the numbers seem grossly unfair to what they could be pulling in based on their relationships/prior representation with sponsors outside of reebok.
Popular Former Strikeforce Fighter: It comes down to the fighters in the UFC. Their deal doesn't affect me.
--
QUESTION FOUR
If a rival organization was to offer you the same fight pay as the UFC, but give you the chance to have as many sponsors as you wanted, with no sponsor tax, does this Reebok deal make you more likely to consider or accept that offer?
*For fighters not in the UFC, the question was whether or not it made them less likely to join the UFC.
UFC Fighter & MMA Veteran: I would take the other offer in a second.
UFC Top Contender: No comment.
UFC Top Contender: I would love to fight elsewhere now.
UFC Former Title Contender: Options for people in my weight class are limited.
UFC & MMA Veteran: It doesn't make me more likely to leave, no.
Top UFC Prospect: No. My reasoning for fighting in the UFC is because it is home to the best fighters in the world. The money is just a bonus. The only reason I would ever consider fighting in another organization would be if the MMA landscape changed and the best fighters were elsewhere.
Top UFC Prospect: We don't have much of a choice because we are under contract. To be honest though, unless a rival organization was offering something in addition to sponsor freedom (i.e. Rampage-esque deal), I don't see myself competing for anyone else.
Popular Former UFC & Strikeforce Fighter: This is tricky. On the money side, yes I would totally consider it, but the UFC has done an amazing job of branding themselves as the home of the best in the world (which I still believe they are)-and fighting for them is still the end goal of nearly every MMA fighter out there. It's the company that average people associated with Mixed Martial Arts... you don't hear people saying "I train Bellator."
At the end of the day, I guess it comes down to prestige verses purse. On initial glance, the Reebok deal seems really restrictive compared to the freedom of open market sponsorship, but for athletic talent the UFC still holds the strongest competitors. Time will tell if these athletes choose to stay there or attempt to use their reputations to earn more elsewhere.
Popular Former Strikeforce Fighter: I wouldn't sign with the UFC either way.
--
Below are some comments from fighters which didn't quite fit in the survey format, but will nonetheless be useful context.
Top UFC Prospect: [Regarding comments about how the UFC should have uniforms because other sports leagues do as well]
This sport cannot be compared to NFL, NBA etc. for many reasons:
1. We are not employed by the UFC. We are not on a salary, unlike members of professional sports teams.
2. Training costs are not covered, they are when you are part of a professional sports team.
3. We only compete 3 to 4 (on average) times per year. That is the only time we make money.
Therefore all comparisons with athletes from those leagues are irrelevant.
Former UFC & MMA Veteran: When I was out there fighting for the smaller, regional promotions, it was hard. I was having to find my own sponsors, sewing on my own patches and I was doing that out of necessity, not because I wanted to. I've got a mortgage and five kids to feed.
A lot of fighters make more in sponsorship than we do with our purses. When the UFC put their sponsor tax down, I was still there and it was hard. I wasn't a Top 10 fighter, so the big sponsors looked right past me.
Bellator lets us have as many sponsors as we want. I can get 20 sponsors at a grand each, and there I've made an extra 20 grand on my fight. I'm trying to give my kids a good life, so show me that money.
--
The survey responses were enlightening to me. The general feeling from most fighters was that the deal was unfair, but there wasn't a whole lot they could do about it. There was definitely a fear of speaking out from many of the fighters I spoke to, as well.
Given that most fighters felt the deal was unfair, I was surprised that only a little felt they would be more likely to leave the UFC because of the Reebok deal. The most common reason given was arguably a pretty damned admirable one: As long as the UFC had the best fighters, that's where they wanted to test themselves.
Hopefully this piece gives some insight into how this deal will affect the average fighter, and how they think about it. It's sometimes difficult to get an idea of how fighters feel based on the few who speak out in one direction or the other. This piece attempts to remedy that in some small way.
For those of you who dislike reading long articles, here are the overall responses to each question from the fighters:
Marco Reus: Making waves at Borussia Monchengladbach this season
Coach Lucien Favre believes next season is too soon for Borussia Monchengladbach youngster Marco Reus to join a high-profile club such as Arsenal or Bayern Munich.
The Germany international, who will miss his country's clash with Ukraine on Friday due to a stomach bug, has been strongly linked with a move to a bigger side next season after breaking onto the international scene.
Arsenal has the 22-year-old midfielder on their radar, while Bundesliga rivals Bayern are also thought to be chasing his signature.
However, Favre believes he would improve more as a player if he stays where he is.
Basis
"He needs a basis to perfect his game," said Favre to the Bild newspaper. "He has that here with Borussia and Marco can become more complete here.
"He knows that and this is also what he wants."
Reus is reported to have a clause in his contract that enables him to switch clubs for a fee of €18million, but Favre says his side does not necessarily have to sell the talented midfielder - nor does Reus have to accept the riches offered elsewhere.
"I think that a transfer now would be too soon for him," added Favre.
"It would be good for Marco to stay one or two years here and, who knows? Maybe we will be up at the top the anyway.
"I think he can turn them down."
However, Favre knows Arsenal are already monitoring the midfielder's progress.
Interest
"[Former Arsenal goalkeeper] Jens Lehmann gave him [Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger] a tip to keep an eye on Marco and Arsene then called me," revealed the Swiss coach.
"I know Arsene very well and I just told him the truth: that Marco is a very, very interesting player.
"But I am coach of Monchengladbach and I would like to keep hold of him."
This man is the suspect in an attack of a Krispy Kreme employee. (Photos provided)
An attack on a Krispy Kreme worker in the east Las Vegas valley sends the victim in the hospital.
In the cellphone video, a man is seen throwing punches on the helpless employee at the store location near South Eastern Avenue and Silverado Ranch Road.
The 22-year-old victim never imagined a day at work at the Krispy Kreme would end up with him in the hospital. The victim, seen in the video wearing a red shirt and black hat, tried to get a group of rowdy customers out of the shop — but the video shows a man without a shirt running after him.
The man, who stood at least 6-foot-4, started throwing a barrage of punches at the Krispy Kreme worker.
"He received some pretty bad blows, hits to the face to the head ... swollen nose ... possibly a black eye," said Mark Sabella, the victim's father.
Sabella said he can't believe the images from the video. Sabella says his son was just trying to keep the peace at his workplace when everything turned into chaos.
"My son informed them that they needed to get out or they would call the police,” Sabella said. “And that's when this gentleman went berserk."
Sabella says he does not know if his son will ever return to work: "He's still a little nervous from the ordeal."
Sabella said hopes the man who attacked his son is put behind bars. Sabella has a message for the brawler.
"This is the last time you are going to do something like this,” he said. “It's never going to happen again. I'm going to make sure of it."
UPS drivers could one day have drones as their wingmen to make deliveries even faster.
The delivery giant tested drone delivery Monday in Florida, offering a reminder of UPS' interest in using new technologies to improve deliveries.
UPS used a new electric delivery truck with a drone launchpad atop it. Inside the truck, a driver loads a package into the drone's cargo bin. Then a section of the truck's roof slides backwards, so that the drone can take off.
After the drone lifts off, the human drives away to deliver a separate package. Then the drone and truck rendezvous at another location, where the drone is loaded with a fresh package. If implemented, that cycle could continue for a driver's entire shift, allowing UPS to deliver packages more efficiently and save on fuel.
The gains would be especially significant in rural areas, where deliveries are more spread out. If every UPS driver had to cover one less mile per day, the company said it would save up to $50 million per year.
Related: Amazon's delivery drones may drop packages via parachute
Between flights, the drone would recharge its battery while docked in the UPS truck. (Its battery lasts for 30 minutes.) The drone UPS tested was capable of carrying packages up to 10 pounds. The drone is big enough to roughly fit in the trunk of a sedan.
There are no guarantees UPS will ever deliver an actual package with a drone. John Dodero, UPS' vice president of industrial engineering, told CNNTech it depends on whether automated drones could deliver safely. So far, that's an open question.
The technology behind drone delivery is still nascent and needs perfecting. There are also regulatory hold-ups. It's not legal to run a fully automated drone delivery service in the United States. UPS currently has one of its executives on the FAA's drone advisory council, an indication of its interest in drones. Experts expect that the government will eventually allow fully automated drone delivery.
There are concerns that robotics and automation will eliminate many jobs in the years ahead. But Dodero said job security wouldn't be an issue for its drivers.
"Our drivers are the face of our company," Dodero said. "We'd never be looking to get rid of our drivers."
This wasn't the first drone test from UPS (UPS). In September 2016, UPS teamed with drone company CyPhy Works to deliver a package to an island near Boston.
UPS' second drone mission comes as Amazon (AMZN) invests heavily in building its own delivery network, including drones capable of dropping packages in customers' backyards. UPS may need to master delivery with drones so that its services don't become obsolete.
Amazon (AMZN) is currently testing overseas, and delivered a package in Britain this December. Amazon isn't the only one. Late last year, drone delivery firm Flirtey completed an automated drone trial with 77 deliveries from a 7-Eleven in Reno, Nevada.
The UPS drone and truck were developed by Workhorse, a Cincinnati company that's supplied UPS with several hundred electric delivery trucks.
If you think about it, running and ADHD are a natural fit. What better activity for people who have trouble sitting still than being constantly in motion?
Running can be a kind of meditation. The rhythm of it, the constant movement, the release of anxious energy.
Which isn't to say that motivating myself to go for a run is always easy. No doubt there are times when it seems like it would be easier to not go for a run. But when I do go for a run, I never end up saying to myself: “I sure wish I hadn't wasted my time on that.“
When it comes to winning the motivation battle, it can make a difference when and how you run. A lot of people run first thing in the morning. That sounds great, and I can see the appeal: it wakes your brain up and gives you energy for the rest of the day.
For me, though, waking up is a gradual process that tends not to take place any earlier than necessary. Morning runs aren't for me. But nighttime runs have a special charm and are the perfect way to wrap up any sort of day.
Running isn't just a time to exercise – it's a time to think. Running kicks my brain into a higher gear. This is partly what makes it a good ADHD coping strategy. Getting your body into motion has a way of getting your brain into motion too.
Running gives you motivation and mental clarity, two things that aren't always easy to come by when you have ADHD. It's one of the paradoxes of exercise: expending energy can actually give you more energy.
Admittedly, this is one of the drawbacks of nighttime runs vs. early morning runs. On the bright side, I often get an hour or two of extra productivity before bed.
I used to think I wasn't the kind of person who would enjoy running. But if you think you're not someone who would enjoy running, realize that the surprise makes it that much more fun when you give it a chance and realize that you do.
And that's why I'm posing this question to everyone with ADHD: how about a run? I've noticed a pattern of people with ADHD using running as a coping mechanism. Which isn't to say that everyone with ADHD will enjoy it, but if you haven't tried it, it's worth a shot!
Image: Flickr/Kim Davies
Kids love marshmallows, so when I saw this awesome idea for Adipose marshmallow pops on Pinterest, I knew I had to make them for our Doctor Who party. I followed the pinterest link to Catch My Party, which linked me to Hearts & Craftsy's Facebook page , so that's where credit for this awesome idea goes! But not to a tutorial or instructions that I could find, so I had to improvise. But hey, that's what I like best!
Aww, aren't they so squishy and cute?
Ingredients for Adipose Marshmallows:
mini marshmallows
regular marshmallows
food coloring marker
royal icing
Royal Icing Recipe:
2 lb bag of powdered sugar
6 Tablespoons meringue powder
7 oz water
2 teaspoons vanilla
1/2 teaspoon cream of tartar
Whip up a batch of royal icing in your mixer. There are instructions that come with the package of meringue powder. Use the royal icing to glue mini marshmallow legs and arms to the regular sized marshmallow bodies.
You could also purchase clear piping gel if you didn't want to make royal icing. It's clear and sticky and would work well for this purpose.
After they've had a chance to dry, use a food coloring marker to draw on simple little smiling faces.
Have your marshmallow adipose treats mill around on a plate, or have some of them ascend to the mothership using bamboo skewers at various heights. Either way, they're and easy, delicious, and adorable addition to your Doctor Who party!
The weekend before E3 2015 started on a very interesting note. I walked into the House of Blues on Saturday evening expecting to hear more about Overkill's The Walking Dead and possibly see something tangible. I got far more than I expected when Starbreeze revealed that not only would this game run in virtual reality, but the long-time European game publisher had manufactured its own VR headset called StarVR.
The claims sounded very impressive. Dual 5.5" Quad HD panels for 5120x1440 resolution? A 90Hz refresh rate? A 210 degree field of view? Those are specs to salivate over.
However, after trying the headset and the demo for Overkill's The Walking Dead for myself, I was more convinced that Starbreeze may have a long way to go before it can hit its lofty goals. The demo started off with some calibration issues and took a good while to adjust itself. I was seeing a lot of ghosting images and blurriness to start, especially when I turned my head.
While these issues eventually cleared up, what I saw next wasn't exactly mind-blowing. The textures in front of me were somewhat rough, reminiscent of the early VR demos that I had seen a couple of years ago. Something boasting powerful specs like StarVR needs an equally powerful showcase, but with Overkill's The Walking Dead in as early a stage as it is, that didn't quite fit the bill. Textures looked somewhat undefined, environments felt uninspired, and the actual gameplay didn't feel like the big leap forward that I was hoping to see from virtual reality.
To elaborate, the demo for Overkill's The Walking Dead saw me in the role of a paraplegic in a hospital, just as the zombie outbreak was taking place. A pair of humans helped push the wheelchair forward, clearing the way forward and keeping an eye out for walkers. At some point, they would hand me a shotgun to defend myself. In truth, it was simply an on-rails shooter. And while I love the genre, it didn't feel particularly interesting. Worse yet, for a prime horror franchise like The Walking Dead, the demo didn't feel all that scary, either.
With that said, there's still reason to be optimistic, as there's still a lot of time for development to change for the better. Prior to the demo, Starbreeze and Overkill were adamant that this demo would not be indicative of the final game and would, in fact, undergo major changes. The demo was simply used to help showcase the headset. And while it wasn't a visual marvel, the demo was made noticeably more interesting, thanks to the VR shotgun peripheral from TrinityVR. This peripheral featured full pump-action, to offer a true feel of a shotgun.
The headset likewise shows the seeds of something special, even if it didn't feel like the demo made the most of the monitors' resolution capabilities. However, StarVR does deliver on its 210 degree field of view promise, allowing me the closest I could get to peripheral vision from a VR headset.
Starbreeze is promising this same demo will be playable at E3 2015, so time will tell whether I'm simply an outlier with this opinion. First impressions mean a lot and mine are definitely mixed for StarVR. But the potential is definitely there and I'm anxious to see how Starbreeze Paris (formerly InfinitEye) can iterate on this hardware and build upon the foundation it has set.
No release date or pricing has been given for StarVR at this time. Look for more information to come in the future.
Mikeal Rogers wrote a blog post on MongoDB performance and durability. In one of the sections, he writes about the request/response model, and makes the following statement:
MongoDB, by default, doesn't actually have a response for writes.
In response, one of 10gen employees (the company behind MongoDB) made the following comment on Hacker News:
We did this to make MongoDB look good in stupid benchmarks.
The benchmark in question shows a single graph, which demonstrates that MongoDB is 27 times faster than CouchDB on inserting one million rows. At the first glance, the benchmark immediately looks silly if you've ever done serious benchmarking before. CouchDB people are smart, inserting such a small number of elements is a relatively simple feature, and it's almost certain that either they would have fixed something that simple or they had a very good reason not to (in which case the benchmark is likely measuring apples and oranges).
Let's do some back of the envelope math. Roundtrip latency on a commodity network for a small packet can range from 0.2ms to 0.8ms. A single rotational drive can do 15000RPM / 60sec = 250 operations per second (resulting in close to 5ms latency in practice), and a single Intel X25-m SSD drive can do about 7000 write operations per second (resulting in close to 0.15ms latency).
The benchmark demonstrates that CouchDB takes an average of 0.5ms per document to insert one million documents, while MongoDB does the same in 0.01ms. Clearly the rotational drives are too slow to play a part in the measurement, and the SSD drives are probably too fast to matter for CouchDB and too slow to matter for MongoDB. However, CouchDB appears to be awfully close to commonly encountered network latencies, while MongoDB inserts each document 50 times faster than commodity network latency.
At first observation, it appears likely that the CouchDB client library is configured to wait for the socket to receive a response from the database server before sending the next insert, while the MongoDB client is configured to continue sending insert requests without waiting for a response. If this is true, the benchmark compares apples and oranges and tells you absolutely nothing about which database engine is actually faster at inserting elements. It doesn't measure how fast each engine handles insertion when the dataset fits into memory, when the dataset spills onto disk, or when there are multiple concurrent clients (which is a whole different can of worms). It doesn't even begin to address the more subtle issues of whether the potential bottlenecks for each database might reside in the virtual memory configuration, or the file system, or the operating system I/O scheduler, or some other part of the stack, because each database uses each one of these components slightly differently. What the benchmark likely measures is something that is never mentioned - the latency of the network stack for CouchDB, and something entirely unrelated for MongoDB.
Unfortunately most benchmarks published online have similar crucial flaws in the methodology, and since many people make decisions based on this information, software vendors are forced to modify the default configuration of their products to look good on these benchmarks. There is no easy solution–performing proper benchmarks is very error-prone, time consuming work. It's good to be very skeptical about benchmarks that show a large performance difference but don't carefully discuss the methodology and potential pitfalls. As Brad Pitt's character says at the end of Inglourious Basterds, “Long story short, we hear a story too good to be true, it ain't”.
As the value of hard currency changes drastically—and often—developing or recession-hit countries are finding Bitcoin as an innovative solution.
Just look at Venezuela, the country with the highest inflation rate in the world. The socialist nation has experienced a swift fall in oil prices, throwing the entire economy into turmoil. Experts say that Venezuelan inflation could go as high as 1,600%, leaving many people without basic necessities.
A 100 bolivar note—once the highest denomination offered in Venezuela—is now worth roughly about 2 cents. The country is printing higher-denomination notes so citizens don't have to bring bags and bags of cash for transactions in stores, but this doesn't solve the issue of poverty.
With the Venezuelan bolivar essentially worthless and supplies rapidly running out, Bitcoin is rising as an answer. According to Bitcoin brokerage Surbitcoin.com, the number of Venezuelan users skyrocketed, from 450 in August 2014 to more than 85,000 in November 2016.
Watch On Forbes: Getting Rid Of Pocket Money
So, just how is Bitcoin helping in Venezuela, and can it be used to boost other recession-struck nations?
Recession-proof currency
As the bolivar continues to fall, many Venezuelans are turning to Bitcoin as an alternative. Humanitarians can donate Bitcoin to those in need, who can then use Bitcoin to buy Amazon gift cards, then purchase goods through the online retailer.
One of the biggest strengths to Bitcoin, and one often ignored in developed nations such as the United States, is that you don't need to have a physical bank account to send and receive Bitcoin. All you need is an Internet connection, which many Venezuelans have in the form of mobile phones.
This lowers the bar for Venezuelans seeking relief, allowing them to receive Bitcoin through their phone and use that money for desperately needed goods. Some companies in Venezuela are even exclusively accepting payment in Bitcoin, knowing that the bolivar is highly volatile and largely useless right now.
Another major positive to Bitcoin for a country in disarray is that its government can't control the value of it. Countries like Venezuela can become banana republics as their government causes rampant inflation via over-printing currency.
Unlike the bolivar, a government agency can't just print more Bitcoin. There's no central agency regulating Bitcoin, allowing the free market to take hold. While the value of Bitcoin can (and does) change quite often, the shifts aren't as violent as the devaluation of bolivar.
Bitcoin taking hold worldwide
Unlike many other currencies, the value of Bitcoin continues to grow. Once a mysterious cryptocurrency, Bitcoin is now widely acknowledged and accepted as a valid form of payment.
Cash-strapped governments are taking notice. Indian Prime Minister Narenda Modi and Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro have accepted policies that allow Bitcoin to flourish in struggling economies.
The risky-but-lucrative field of Bitcoin mining has also found a foothold in Venezuela, where many people are living off a government-issued stipend of roughly $9 per month.
While countries such as Iceland, Bolivia, Ecuador and Vietnam have outright banned Bitcoin, it's largely legal to some degree throughout the world.
Those in Venezuela have taken advantage of the government's embrace of the cryptocurrency, as Quartz reported in November that Venezuelan trading volume on LocalBitcoins reached as many as 370 Bitcoins per week.
Countries with struggling economies can look to Bitcoin as a more reliable alternative for citizens. Usage of Bitcoin has surged in Nigeria, where Google search interest in Bitcoin is definitely the highest, as well. As Bitcoin becomes accepted and embraced by more countries, the taboo will lift and those in impoverished nations can have access to a more stable form of currency.
The fact that Bitcoin is not within government control scares nations with a strong central bank, but for nations with currency in disarray, Bitcoin is a relatively stable investment. If you really want to help those in developing countries, a gift of Bitcoin might be the best bet for a sustainable recovery.
This Week In Servo 102
In the last week, we landed 140 PRs in the Servo organization's repositories.
Planning and Status
Our roadmap is available online, including the overall plans for 2017. Q2 plans will appear soon; please check it out and provide feedback!
This week's status updates are here.
Notable Additions
fabrice fixed an issue loading stylesheets with unusual MIME types.
ferjm allowed retrieving line numbers for CSS rules in Stylo.
behnam generated many conformance tests for the unicode-bidi crate.
canaltinova shared quirks information between Stylo and Servo.
MortimerGoro fixed an unsafe transmute that was causing crashes on Android.
mrobinson corrected the behaviour of the scrollBy API to better match the specification.
API to better match the specification. jdm removed incorrect buffer padding in ipc-channel on macOS.
kvark fixed an assertion failure when rendering fonts on unix.
aneeshusa implemented per-repository labelling actions in highfive.
nox refactored the implementation of CSS position values to reduce code duplication.
UK992 reenabled all unit tests on TravisCI.
jdm extended the cross-origin canvas security tests to cover same-origin redirects.
cbrewster made non-initial about:blank navigations asynchronous.
jdm fixed a GC hazard stemming from the transitionend event.
New Contributors
Interested in helping build a web browser? Take a look at our curated list of issues that are good for new contributors!
MUMBAI: An apparently mentally unstable man caused a major mid-air scare on a Delhi-Mumbai flight on Thursday morning when he claimed that he was a Pakistani and that there was a bomb on the aircraft. And then, flashing a can of juice which he said contained the bomb, he demanded that the plane be taken to Karachi.The cabin crew quickly took control of the situation, subdued the man, Haryana resident Sanjay Mallik, and kept him in the rear of the aircraft till the plane landed in Mumbai at 11.45am, on schedule. The Central Industrial Security Force took Mallik, reportedly an Indian citizen, into custody at Sahar airport.The plane's commander did not sound the terror alert, but merely asked Air Traffic Control in Mumbai for security cover. Sources said the crew knew the man was bluffing because he claimed the bomb was in a can of orange juice that had been served by the airline itself. All airline food items are usually put through a security scan.A full security blanket shrouded the Mumbai airport's tarmac area after the pilot of Indigo flight 6E 181 sounded the alert. The flight, carrying 167 passengers, landed safely. No bomb detection drill was carried out at the airport, but officials carried out an anti-sabotage sweep on the plane, which is a lesser drill.The CISF later handed Mallik over to the airport police. Officials said he was ``disturbed''. An investigator said that Mallik had apparently wanted to get the airhostess's attentions. He also told officers that had he been a cricketer he would've done better than Sachin Tendulkar.The drama began unfolding about 30 minutes before the flight was to land at Mumbai. Mallik, 28, asked the airhostess for some water, which she gave him. Moments later, he asked for orange juice, which she again served him. This time, Mallik drank the juice and then told the airhostess that there was a bomb in the empty can. He then stood up in his seat - 28 D, near the rear of the aircraft - and shouted that there was a bomb on board. ``Then he kept repeating that he was a Pakistani and the aircraft should be diverted to Karachi immediately,'' a senior security official said. ``He yelled that he wanted to do something for his country.''The airhostess and a nearby passenger tried to calm Mallik, but to no avail. As per the standard operating procedure, the cabin crew then informed the commander about the miscreant. Mallik was escorted by cabin crew to the rear of the aircraft and made to sit separately.``After being alerted by the crew, the pilot immediately contacted Mumbai ATC and asked for a priority landing. He also asked for a full security cover to be ready, because the passenger kept asking for the flight to be taken to Pakistan,'' a source said. ``The commander sounded a general alert and not a terror alert as the crew had got the passenger under control.''A Mumbai International Airport Pvt Ltd (MIAL) spokesperson said, ``A passenger named Sanjay Mallik on an Indigo flight from Delhi was arrested by the CISF on landing at 11.45am. Around 15 minutes before landing in Mumbai, he claimed there was a bomb on the aircraft and the plane should be diverted to Pakistan.''CISF investigations revealed that Mallik hails from Fatehgarh district, Haryana, and had been admitted to a hospital at Ganganagar after an accident on June 30. ``His family was unaware of his trip to Delhi,'' an official said. ``He kept telling us that he wanted to be a police official and fight corruption in the country. He could not answer why he had come to Mumbai or who he wanted to meet here.''Mallik has been kept in police custody for further investigation.
The United Nations building in Geneva in 2007. (Martial Trezzini/Keystone)
This post has been updated
All across the world, a smorgasbord of serious economic and political problems are leading people to leave their homes in search of a better life in Europe. Once they arrive, however, many ends up in limbo: The tent cities that have sprung up in Paris and Rome are evidence of the trouble migrants can find once they arrive. Some British tabloids have even demanded that the army be sent in to confront "the Jungle," one makeshift migrant camp in Calais, France.
This week, Tribune de Genève reported on one foreigner who had been forced by financial woes to live in a tent in the Swiss city of Geneva. This migrant was unusual, however, as he was not from Syria, Iraq, or anywhere else you might expect. Instead, the 22-year-old was from further afield: New Zealand. And it wasn't conflict or chaos that brought David Hyde to the haven of Switzerland.
It was an unpaid internship.
According to the Tribune, Hyde had been living in a tent in the grounds overlooking Lake Geneva to save money while working without pay at the United Nations. “How do the others do it?” he asked the newspaper. "Ultimately, only those whose parents can afford it get a chance."
Stagiaire non rémunéré à l'ONU, David vit sous tente http://t.co/UaShM8eZyT #Genève pic.twitter.com/TBjzjO8abG — Tribune de Genève (@tdgch) August 10, 2015
Hyde has since told Agence Press France that he has resigned from his internship, explaining the media attention on him had made it "too difficult to continue to focus on my work as an intern at this stage."
It may not compare to the hardscrabble lives of other immigrants to Europe, but Hyde's circumstances did sound pretty difficult. He kept up appearances at work (he's shown wearing a pretty nice looking suit in the photo accompanying the Swiss article) but he brought a small backpack containing a gas-powered stove with him to the U.N. offices every day. He said he made the mistake of not buying a more waterproof tent, and that his relatives back home had known nothing about his plight.
The worst thing, however, was probably that Hyde is camped near the U.N. Beach Club, where other staff members drink and socialize. "At night, I see colleagues who come to have a good time," he explained.
Hyde's case may seem absurd, but the irony it highlights is real. The United Nations is one of the few agencies with the capability, reach and ethos to do anything about the global economic inequality that ties into the current migrant crisis. Yet its practice of offering lengthy unpaid internships strikes many as inconsistent with the notion of fighting those problems. Critics say that the United Nations and other international organizations rely on a culture of free labor in Geneva: Some have even dubbed the Swiss city the "world capital of the unpaid intern."
This isn't the first time that the U.N.'s intern culture has been highlighted: Just recently a number of Geneva-based interns marched against unpaid positions in the city, claiming that a failure to pay interns was a violation of the U.N.-backed Universal Declaration of Human Rights. Last year, the U.N. was forced to deny any link to a Web site that put a U.N. internship up for auction at $22,000.
The U.N.'s site does make it clear that interns are not paid and all costs must be covered by the interns themselves. A U.N. representative also explained to the Tribune that each different agency decides their own internship policy. To his credit, Hyde told the Tribune that perhaps he was "naive" in accepting an unpaid internship, but he worries if he leaves early he will have nothing to add to his resume. That's a dilemma many of Europe's other migrants certainly don't have.
Many are glad that Hyde brought attention to the issue of unpaid internships. "As a mother I worry about him and his prospects, but as a citizen I'm proud of what he's done," Vicki Hyde, his mother, told Stuff.co.nz.
More on WorldViews
17 ways the unprecedented migrant crisis is reshaping our world
A Silicon Valley mogul wants to solve the global refugee crisis by creating a new country
Autonomous Sensory Meridian Response (ASMR) is a perceptual condition in which specific visual and auditory stimuli consistently trigger tingling sensations on the scalp and neck, sometimes spreading to the back and limbs. These triggering stimuli are often social, almost intimate, in nature (e.g., hearing whispering, or watching someone brush her hair), and often elicit a calm and positive emotional state. Surprisingly, despite its prevalence in the general population, no published study has examined the neural underpinnings of ASMR. In the current study, the default mode network (DMN) of 11 individuals with ASMR was contrasted to that of 11 matched controls. The results indicated that the DMN of individuals with ASMR showed significantly less functional connectivity than that of controls. The DMN of individuals with ASMR also demonstrated increased connectivity between regions in the occipital, frontal, and temporal cortices, suggesting that ASMR was associated with a blending of multiple resting-state networks. This atypical functional connectivity likely influences the unique sensory-emotional experiences associated with ASMR.
FCC Chairman Ajit Pai has once again publicly called out Apple over not enabling FM radio chips in iPhones during recent natural disasters. Pai's pointed statement follows the NAB renewing its own push for Apple to enable FM radio access on iPhones.
Pai says other companies have enabled life-saving FM radio access in smartphones during hurricanes and other natural disasters when cellular service is lost:
“When wireless networks go down during a natural disaster, smartphones with activated FM chips can allow Americans to get vital access to life-saving information. I applaud those companies that have done the right thing by activating the FM chips in their phones.”
While the FCC isn't forcing Apple to do anything, the language in the chairman's request doesn't hold back.
“Apple is the one major phone manufacturer that has resisted doing so. But I hope the company will reconsider its position, given the devastation wrought by Hurricanes Harvey, Irma, and Maria. That's why I am asking Apple to activate the FM chips that are in its iPhones. It is time for Apple to step up to the plate and put the safety of the American people first.”
Chairman Pai's statement comes on the same day as the NAB (via Bloomberg) similarly pushing for Apple to enable FM radio on iPhones:
“Broadcasters are providing information on how to evacuate quickly, where flood waters are raging, how to get out of harm's way if there's a tornado or a hurricane,” said Dennis Wharton, a spokesman for the National Association of Broadcasters. “The notion that Apple or anyone else would block this type of information is something that we find fairly troubling.”
While Apple isn't commenting on the renewed requests, critics speculate that Apple's thinking may be FM radio access would hurt its services business which includes Apple Music and streaming radio services over cellular.
In practice, FM radio access would likely still require a traditional antenna (the discontinued iPod nano featured FM radio access using the headphones as the antenna) and wouldn't be as simple as just turning on the function.
Chairman Pai has said in the past that he doesn't believe the FCC has the authority to enforce Apple enables the FM radio function in iPhones, but his language today shows he's certainly willing to apply public pressure on Apple.
What about LAA and Gigabit LTE? https://t.co/4bvR4wMYXz — Walt Piecyk (@WaltBTIG) September 28, 2017
Via Broadcasting & Cable
Subscribe to 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
click to enlarge Mike Koozmin/The S.F. Examiner
Mayor Ed Lee announced the enforcement of a drug-free zone around the Main Library, which is located near a playground and other sites frequented by children.
Mayor Ed Lee is calling for a zero-tolerance policy for patrons of the Main Library and an enforced drug-free zone around the public building.
The renewed focus comes after a rise in complaints about bathroom conditions and a rash of violent and criminal behavior.
On Thursday morning, the mayor spent about an hour and a half touring the Main Library in the heart of the Civic Center, walking in and around the building and meeting with staff. Also along for the tour were department heads — including Lee's homeless czar, Bevan Dufty, and his chief of staff, Steve Kawa.
Lee wants the library to become what he referred to as a “family and education zone.”
The effort comes after years of library officials having attempted to address the challenges of unruly patrons only to face an increase in complaints in recent months. In fiscal year 2011-12, 4,412 incidents were recorded, ranging from assaults to drug use.
The mayor also sent a letter Thursday to the Library Commission outlining his strategy to make the library a more welcoming destination.
“My overall goal is to make sure we prevent unacceptable behavior in our library before it happens,” the mayor said. To that end, he recommended that the seven-member commission, which he appoints, impose “stronger penalties for violations” of the patron-use guidelines.
The new penalties, he said, should “focus on first immediately removing the person exhibiting problematic behavior, and then issuing and enforcing longer suspensions to discourage future bad behavior.”
The crimes Lee singled out for increased penalties include indecent exposure, simple assault on library staff and patrons, possession of weapons, being under the influence of drugs or alcohol, making disruptive noise and vandalism of library property.
Last year, library officials suspended 295 patrons in the Main Library and 27 branch libraries. Suspensions would likely increase under Lee's zero-tolerance policy, at least early on. The new rules and stronger police enforcement “will have their intended impact on restoring the library's place as a destination for parents and children,” Lee wrote to the commission.
Police Chief Greg Suhr said a series of incidents led to the recent attention, including drug use and sex in the bathroom, someone is hit by a chair, a person bringing in an oversize bag that was infested with fleas and someone urinates on a book shelf.
“The sum total of all of it was just begging for a reasonable modicum of decorum,” Suhr said.
With children's programs and a playground across the street, Suhr said, the Main Library is legally a drug-free zone. But without signage, it's not enforced as such.
Signs will be posted within weeks, which he said would make a difference.
One immediate change that happened Thursday was placing the entire library premises under the jurisdiction of the Tenderloin Police Station, instead of under two different stations that responded to incidents depending on their locations.
City Librarian Luis Herrera was supportive of the mayor's suggestions, while noting that overall problem incidents were declining.
“We have 5,000 people coming into the Main Library every day,” Herrera said. “Ninety-nine percent of folks use it for such diverse uses. We want to continue to get the word out that this is a very welcoming environment.”
Lee said the library “suffers from a small number of people who create disturbances and commit crimes, tarnishing the experience for everyone else.”
TRAUMA experts have called for images of the 2001 terrorist attacks in the US to be restricted to adult viewing times, particularly in disaster-saturated Queensland.
Internationally renowned psychiatrist Beverley Raphael said the images in the lead-up to the 10th anniversary of the attacks could traumatise children, particularly those vulnerable after this year's floods and cyclones.
"If a child has had traumas, like the terror of the floods, seeing something new which is horrible or frightening can act on a child's vulnerability," she said. "There was clear evidence after the 9/11 terrorist attacks ... that some children developed post-traumatic stress disorder just from viewing images.
"Research has made clear cumulative adversity increases risk, so caution about repeated or continued replaying images of 9/11 with the coming anniversary will be important."
Professor Raphael chair of the Australian Child and Adolescent Trauma, Loss and Grief Network at the Australian National University said, ideally, images should not be shown during children's viewing times.
But, she said, if children were exposed to chilling pictures, parents should comfort them and answer questions honestly: "They should say: 'This is a terrible thing. People were very brave. Most people got through it, but some, sadly, didn't.'"
Brisbane child psychiatrist Brett McDermott chair of Queensland Health's child and youth disaster response said 9/11 images could trigger nightmares and flashbacks in children haunted by the floods and cyclones. "If a child saw images of people who were very scared, it might increase their memory of their own experience.
"We know that traumatic memories are part of the brain called the amygdala, which is the fear centre, so they feel fear watching the imagery and it triggers their own fearful response."
Associate Professor McDermott said pre-school aged children were vulnerable just by watching disturbing images on television, because they were too young to interpret them appropriately.
"After 9/11, we found many little children thought hundreds of buildings had fallen down because they saw the image from different angles, many times."
www.earlytraumagrief.anu.edu.au
Originally published as 'Shield kids from 9/11 images'
Cameron Smith is building a space suit in his apartment.
He's not an astronaut. He's not even an engineer. Cameron Smith is an archaeologist–on faculty in the anthropology department at Portland State University in Oregon. But Cameron is an explorer by nature. He's been diving in Puget Sound, survived arctic winters in Iceland and Alaska and summited Oregon's Mount Hood more times than he can count.
Now he wants to take on outer space. And since Cameron doesn't have an entire space program behind him, that means doing it on the cheap. His homemade space suit costs $2,000. A standard issue suit from NASA runs about $12 million.
The space suit has been 3 years in the making. Eventually, Cameron will put on the suit and step into a gondola and a balloon (also homemade) will take him up 50,000 feet in the air. At that point, he'll be depending on his own craftiness to keep himself alive.
Cameron's efforts are part of a whole Do-It-Yourself (DIY) space race that's been popping up all over the world. Sure, there are commercial ventures like XCOR and Virgin Galactic creating their own space-bound hardware, offering flights starting at $95,000 and $250,000, respectively. But there are also people trying to make space travel available and affordable for more than just the very wealthy.
Copenhagen Suborbitals is one member of this DIY space community. They build rockets and space capsules in an abandoned shipyard in Denmark.
Copehnagen Suborbitals and Cameron Smith have been working together on the space suit project; Cameron may build suits for them to use once they're ready to replace their crash-test dummy with a live human being.
Follow their progress on their Wired Science blog Rocket Shop.
This episode was reported by DIY girl Julie Sabatier. Julie produced a different version of this story as part of the PRX STEM Story Project, which ran on her show Destination DIY.
And, if you're still looking for more indy public radio projects to fund, check out Destination DIY's Indiegogo campaign going on RIGHT NOW! Time is almost up!
Help Destination DIY Go Monthly! from Destination DIY on Vimeo.
All the music in this episode is by Melodium, a band I've played on the radio more than any other. I recommend you buy EVERYTHING, but if I had to narrow it down, I think Cerebro Spin, My Mind is Falling to Pieces, and Music for Invisible People are my favorites. Support awesomeness.
STARTS : April 21st, after the patch
ENDS : April 25th 10:00 am PDT (17:00 UTC)
To celebrate the availability of the Clan Faction Patterns for all the remaining Clan 'Mechs, we are putting all Faction Pattern Unlocks on sale!
Did we mention that you can now customize the color channels on the Clan Faction Patterns? Well, you can!
Slap on a Pattern, pick your three favorite colors, and make your 'Mechs look like a Million bucks C-bills.
Get ready to represent your Faction in the Battle of Tukayyid!
Inner Sphere Patterns Inner Sphere 'Mechs Price Davion, Kurita, Liao, Marik, Steiner, and FRR Zeus, Grasshopper, Enforcer, Panther, King Crab 1500 - 30% = 1050 MC Clan Patterns Clan 'Mechs Price Clan Wolf, Ghost Bear, Jade Falcon, and Smoke Jaguar Warhawk, Timber Wolf, Stormcrow, Adder, Dire Wolf,
Summoner, Nova, Kit Fox, Gargoyle, Myst Lynx, Hellbringer, Ice Ferret, and Mad Dog 1500 - 30% = 1050 MC
Important Information:
Dave Grohl told Damien Curry that he is currently hard at work on a new album.
“Not a bad way to start the day. I don't ever really care too much for ‘famous' musicians, but my close friends know how gangster I am about Nirvana and this guy! #DaveGrohl Talked about our kids, his new record, producing…man…what a kool kat. The 12 year old in me just lost his shit. #Nirvana #FooFighters #rocknroll #music.”
The photograph was taken in Van Nuys.
Dave Grohl's mother Virginia Grohl has announced that she will release a book titled From Cradle to Stage: Stories from the Mothers Who Rocked and Raised Rock Stars on April 25, 2017. Dave Grohl will write the forward.
While the Grohl family had always been musical—the family sang together on long car trips, harmonizing to Motown and David Bowie—Virginia never expected her son to become a musician, let alone a rock star. But when she saw him perform in front of thousands of screaming fans for the first time, she knew that rock stardom was meant to be for her son. And as Virginia watched her son's star rise, she often wondered about the other mothers who raised sons and daughters who became rock stars. Were they as surprised as she was about their children's fame? Did they worry about their children's livelihood and wellbeing in an industry fraught with drugs and other dangers? Did they encourage their children's passions despite the odds against success, or attempt to dissuade them from their grandiose dreams? Do they remind their kids to pack a warm coat when they go on tour?
Virginia decided to seek out other rock star mothers to ask these questions, and so began a two-year odyssey in which she interviewed such women as Verna Griffin, Dr. Dre's mother; Marianne Stipe, Michael Stipe of REM's mother; Janis Winehouse, Amy Winehouse's mother; Patsy Noah, Adam Levine's mother; Donna Haim, mother of the Haim sisters; Hester Diamond, Mike D of The Beastie Boys' mother.
With exclusive family photographs and a foreword by Dave Grohl, From Cradle to Stage will appeal to mothers and rock fans everywhere.
One word: inspiring. Today Francis Ford Coppola made his first appearance at the San Diego Comic Con since 1991, bringing with him the electronic musician Dan Deacon and actor Val Kilmer. Those two men were among his collaborators on a new film called Twixt, which is a sort of gothic horror story / murder mystery set in a small northern California town. But Twixt, the movie, was only part of the panel and, frankly, it was the least part of why today's event is the best thing I've ever seen in Hall H at Comic Con.
The real hook with Twixt is what Mr. Coppola wants to do with it: he plans a 30-city tour later this year in which he and Dan Deacon, and possibly other talents, will create a dynamic assembly of the film as it plays to each audience. Essentially, they have a great deal of footage which adds up to a movie called Twixt, but depending upon where and when you see the presentation, you might see a totally different telling of the story than others. In other words: ‘Remixd'? Something like that.
There's a lot of material to cover here, and I'll begin with a description of the footage and then move into a recap of the panel, after the break.
Let's begin with the footage. What we were shown at first follows a hack horror writer (Val Kilmer) as he enters Swan Valley, where he is set to do a book signing. (At a hardware store, as it turns out. Indignity!) Tom Waits narrates our first pass through the town, introducing local elements such as a clock tower with many faces that show different times, and a group of ‘vampire' kids that camp at the edge of town, led by “Flamingo, a seducer of innocent youth,” played in exaggerated goth/vampire makeup by Alden Ehrenreich.
Val Kilmer's character is tormented by his inadequacy and the fact that he needs to write crappy books to make a living. (“I write because of the incessant financial burdens that found me,” which is seemingly a very personal note from Mr. Coppola.) But he is introduced both to a current murder mystery by Bruce Dern (who also demonstrates “an electric chair for killing vampires”) and to an older local murder legend. That latter murder story comes via a dream in which Edgar Allan Poe (Ben Chaplin) converses with the writer.
There is a lot more — very funny moments of Kilmer's character trying to write; dream sequences in black and white that are sometimes very old-school from a technological standpoint; a very Twin Peaks-like vibe in the Swan Valley town area; and conversations with what seems to be the spirit of a dead girl (Elle Fanning).
Most of the footage looked great, and Mr. Coppola explained that as he didn't like wearing glasses to watch 3D films (“I watched Avatar, but took the glasses off for much of the movie”) he will present Twixt with only certain segments in 3D.
About the story — seem confusing so far? Maybe so. The use of 3D is a pretty old-school approach to the movie, but there is a lot about Twixt that represents what the director called “the evolving technology of the cinema.” At the head of the panel, he talked about the fact that cinema is a young art form, only over one hundred years, and still evolving. He bemoaned the idea that cinema now is what cinema will be.
Cinema is so young! How dare anyone think all it has got up its sleeve is more 3D where the ticket prices go up? Cinema is a baby. Of course we're going to see wonderful innovations come; there will be many.
So the meat of the Twixt presentation was a demonstration of an iPad controlled system by which unique edits of the film could be created on the fly. Here's the interface, thanks to @jonniechang:
What followed was a demonstration of the possibilities of this system in practical use. Mr. Coppola created a couple different versions of the first trailer by reassembling the order of the scenes, sometimes showing much longer versions of various bits of dialogue. We essentially watched him edit the movie, to some degree, on the fly, and that's what's promised for the tour. To amuse himself and the crowd, he even put the system on ‘shuffle' and we watched what it churned out — a workable assembly trailer that was quite different from the others. The presentation was a bit glitchy, but the panel participants got through the problems with the tech using humor and charm. It was a dress rehearsal, as they explained, rather than a final performance.
The panel participants were given a standing ovation before and after the panel, and throughout the experience the audience seemed to be totally in the palm of Mr. Coppola's hand. That to me was more important than anything else — there is an audience that is completely willing to go along with this experiment. They may even be hungry for it. Twixt, as a film or a narrative, may not be the next step of cinema. But seeing Francis Ford Coppola experiment is fascinating, and I'm thrilled I was there to experience it. I expect many other attendees today felt the same.
There are a lot of questions to ask about this approach to filmmaking, primary among which is whether or not there is one ‘master' narrative that he conisders primary among all others, and then also what the idea of tweaking/remixing the story on the fly says about the construction of a film narrative.Putting certain shots or sequences before others can have a huge effect on their meaning, and by changing the rigor of how footage is ordered, what does that do to the very notion of telling a nuanced film story? I'm eager to discover these answers.
These are the 3D ‘glasses' that were handed out before the panel:
An Antioch man survived a brutal attack his brother-in-law allegedly committed in his home last week.
Jesus Alvarez, age 43, was released from Vanderbilt University Medical Center after he suffered serious injuries to the head.
Officials with Metro Nashville Police Department said the victim's brother-in-law, Olvin Zuniga-Flores, struck him in the head with a sledgehammer and slashed him several times with a knife.
It happened at Alvarez's home in the 3000 block of Chelsea Way before 7:30 last Wednesday morning.
Zuniga-Flores fled the scene and remained on the run.
Alvarez spoke exclusively to NewsChannel 5 days after he was released. He does not know the exact reason behind the attack, but he believed it was motivated out of jealousy and drug use.
Alvarez had multiple staples across his head and stitches all over his body.
"I cannot sleep because of all the staples in my head," Alvarez said.
He owns a construction company and hired Zuniga-Flores and let him stay at his house for the last 15 months.
Alvarez was getting ready for work when Zuniga-Flores struck him with the sledgehammer they used for demolishing.
"There were a lot of blood when I woke up," Alvarez recalled. "The next thing I remembered, I was in a different room."
Alvarez said Zuniga-Flores stabbed him in his room and dragged out this 10-year-old daughter from her room to watch.
"He pulled her hair so hard it ripped out," Alvarez said. "He told her to watch how he killed me."
The little girl escaped to her neighbors for help while Alvarez stumbled onto the street to stop a car. He feared Zuniga-Flores would kill his daugher and wife.
"He told me after you, I'll continue to your daughter and wife," Alvarez added. "He had planned this."
The family allowed NewsChannel 5 to enter the home as they moved out over the weekend. Blood could be seen splattered on the kitchen floor, living room floor, and bedroom walls.
The front door was still smeared with blood.
Family and friends also found drug paraphernalia, ropes looped to tie hands, and a rendering of the house in the suspect's room.
The attack took everyone by surprise since they identified Zuniga-Flores to be a quiet but nice man.
He fled in Alvarez' 2000's model white Chevrolet pickup truck with a camper style toolbox.
Anyone with information on Olvin Antonio Zunga-Flores' whereabouts has been asked to immediately call 615-742-7463.
Used Interarms Surplus Israeli Jericho 941F SA/DA 9 Reviews | Questions & Answers
Model: UGJER941FLIP Condition: Used Bud's Item Number: 411556273 UPC: UPCUGJER941FLIP MFG: Other Locate FFL Trade With Gurney Suggest Edit
These Israeli Jericho 9mms are a CZ-75 clone. They include 1 16 round magazines. These surplus imports are 100% functional, but are listed as Fair condition cosmetically, so expect significant signs of use. We are unable to guarantee the manufacture date. Due to this, the features may differ between firearms. Write Review Get Pre-Approved for Financing Ask the Community Retail Store Availability Lexington Not in store Uncle Lees Not in store Tennessee Not in store Questions & Answers Ask the Community The Lowest Ratings SORT BY: | The Highest Ratings 9 Reviews. Average Rating: 4.7 of 5 Stars! 5 stars: 89% (8 of 9) 4 stars: 0% ( of 9) 3 stars: 0% ( of 9) 2 stars: 11% (1 of 9) 1 star: 0% ( of 9) Display All Reviews By: Paul H on 12/30/2018 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Good for a surplus gun, quality was as advertised. Reviewed By: Tom E on 08/24/2017 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Nothing better than an IWI Jericho 941......period!!! Reviewed By: Richard H on 08/16/2017 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
I ordered one of these used Jericho's online at Bud's.com and was very pleased with it, the gun was better than I expected out of the box, very little ware on the outside and even less on the inside. This gun is probably one of the best shooting guns that I own, and I have Glocks, Brownings, S&W's,Ruger's. Very flat shooting and extremely dependable. It is all steel and heavy, not a concealer carry weapon but just a great shooting range gun that is a lot of fun. Thanks Bud's! Reviewed By: David L on 06/22/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
the Jericho F showed quite a bit more finish wear on the muzzle end compared to the FSs purchased at the same time. The front sight was also bent over and looked like it had been hit multiple times with a foreign object. Other than these issues, the gun was in fair condition externally and rather good inside. the gun does not seem to be as smooth and "broken in" compared to the FS either, but all are absolute steals for less than $300. very happy and only wish I would have purchased more when it was possible. Reviewed By: Jason B on 06/02/2016 Rating: 2 of 5 Stars!
Mechanically good shape. Heavy wear on finish as expected, but so much so that i\'m having to pay out of pocket to have the SN re-engraved on the frame. There was a note in the box that said as much. I don\'t know if that note was from Bud\'s to me, or from the distributor to Bud\'s. So add $75 for a good engraving job that will still be visible after refinishing. Reviewed By: Darin K on 06/01/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Very pleased with this gun overall. I\'ve been a big tanfogilo fan for years, owning several witnesses and knockoffs and have always wanted a 941. The finish on mine isn't\'t bad. It does have holster wear, but still looks pretty nice. This gun has been shot a lot as there is a little more wobble in the slide/frame fit than I\'d like, but it shoots just fine. The front sight was also loose on mine and could be slid side to side with finger pressure, but a little blue loc-tite seems to have tightened it up. The fair condition rating seems pretty accurate for me. It functioned flawlessly with all ammo I tried in it which included some 124g nato, 115 grain tula steel crap ammo, some 147g hp (can\'t remember what brand), 115g wwb. It had no issues. Also, it worked flawlessly with my mecgar cz75b 17 round magazines. I figured it would since these work in most of my other tanfoglio guns. Lastly for those who may have the 22 conversion kit for the witness small frame, added bonus, it works on this gun as well with no issues. Couldn't\'t be happier with this purchase. I do plan on removing the lanyard ring at the bottom of the grip with a magazine plug pin and a new set of grip panels to cover it. Reviewed By: Tim M on 05/27/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Ordered two, one marked Jericho,one marked Desert Eagle. Both had minimal finish wear with no gouging or pitting. Front sight was loose on one. Both shoot equally well with great triggers. Very pleased with purchase. Was far better than expected. Reviewed By: Robert P on 05/25/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Awesome surplus pistol! Mines was marked PNP Philippines National Police overall finish was very good, with a few wear marks. It was a little dirty, but with a little cleaning and oil it was nice and smooth. I bought the DA/SA, but I actually received a SAO version, which is not a bad thing. I'm very happy with this pistol and I'm thinking of buying a compact one next. Reviewed By: austin h on 05/23/2016 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
all i can say is buds is the best. I ordered Thursday came on Monday afternoon and had enough time to put a quick 100 rounds through it. the gun is fantastic full steel low recoil high accuracy. I\'m supposed to sell it to a friend but I\'m not sure I really want to I think its going in my collection the gun is in good condition the only thing i found wrong was the mag was a little rusty but it functioned excellently.
Baroness Sandip Verma (pictured) said that the rate of global warming might have decreased, and that this could support the effectiveness of green policies
Government environmental measures may already have helped to slow down global warming, an energy minister has claimed.
Baroness Sandip Verma said the rate of warming might have decreased, which could support the effectiveness of green policies.
Her comments came as Viscount Ridley, a Conservative peer and critic of government efforts to stop temperature rises, questioned her on when warming would start again.
He told peers at question time in the House of Lords: 'The fifth assessment report of the Intergovernmental Panel On Climate Change has confirmed in the same words that there has been a hiatus in global warming for at least the last 15 years.'
And he asked Lady Verma: 'Would you give us the opinion of your scientific advisers as to when this hiatus is likely to end?'
Lady Verma told him: 'You raise a couple of issues that we would dispute in a longer debate, but what we do recognise is that there a change in weather patterns happening across the globe, that climate change is occurring.
'It may have slowed down, but that is a good thing. It could well be that some of the measures we are taking today is helping that to occur.'
For Labour, Baroness Bryony Worthington said the fifth report would be published on Friday.
In April, the IPCC said it is '95 per cent' certain that climate change is man made, but still could not explain why the world has barely got any hotter in the last 15 years.
The IPCC report said that sea levels have risen by seven inches (19cm) since 1901 and are expected to rise a further 10 to 32 inches (26 to 82cm) by the end of the century.
It added that concentrations of CO2 and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere have increased to levels that are unprecedented in at least 800,000 years.
But the landmark report conceded that world temperatures have barely risen in the past 15 years, despite growing amounts of greenhouse gases being pumped into the atmosphere.
In April, the IPCC said it is '95 per cent' certain that climate change is man made, but still could not explain why the world has barely got any hotter in the last 15 years. During today's House of Lords session, Baroness Bryony Worthington said the fifth assessment report on this research would be published on Friday
Independent research similarly found that there has been little increase in the average temperature of the Earth's surface since the turn of the century. Previous studies claimed this hiatus has lasted for 15 years, but Professor Ross McKitrick from University of Guelph believes temperatures have remained constant since 1995
'[The fifth report] is likely to say yet again that there is incontrovertible proof now that climate change is a serious issue and we all must take notice of that,' Baroness Worthington added.
She asked Lady Verma: 'Would you accept that Friday might be a good opportunity to point that out to some of the backbenchers in your party.'
Lady Verma replied: 'It isn't just about backbenchers on my side. I think it is about making sure we deliver an informed debate and perhaps, thus far, that debate hasn't really taken place.'
Independent research recently discovered that, since the turn of the century, there has been little increase in the average temperature of the Earth's surface.
WHAT IS THE IPCC AND WHY DOES THE REPORT MATTER? WHAT IS THE IPCC? A scientific body with 195 member countries. The panel was established by the UN in 1988 to assess the causes and impacts of climate change. Since then, it has released four assessments, each stating the human link to global warming with more certainty than the previous one. The IPCC doesn't conduct its own research, but appoints hundreds of experts to review and summarise the latest scientific studies on climate change. It is headed by Rajendra Pachauri, a scientist from India. WHAT IS THE REPORT FOR? The report forms the scientific basis for U.N. negotiations aimed at curbing global warming. It will be a reference point for governments as they negotiate a new global climate agreement, which is supposed to be adopted by 2015 and to take effect in 2020. WHY HAS THE IPCC COME UNDER CRITICISM? It has been argued that the IPCC process is so time-consuming and laborious that by the time the assessments are published they are already out of date. A series of errors embarrassed the authors of the 2007 assessment, including the incorrect statement that the glaciers in the Himalayas would disappear by 2035. There has also been criticism about the IPCC's lack of openness.
Previous studies claimed this hiatus has lasted for 15 years, but new research believes the temperature has remained almost constant since 1995.
The conclusions were made by an economics professor Ross McKitrick from the University of Guelph in Canada who studied average land and ocean temperatures from the Hadcrut4 temperature series, dating back to 1850.
Hadcrut4 is a monthly record of temperature readings created by the Hadley Centre of the UK Met Office, and the University of East Anglia's Climatic Research Unit.
It combines sea surface temperatures with land surface air temperatures into a grid that shows variations and anomalies.
Professor McKitrick also compared these readings to those taken by the Remote Sensing Systems (RSS) satellite, which has measured upper air temperatures since 1979.
Paul Joseph Watson made the offer on Wednesday, in response to criticism of US President Donald Trump for making false claims about crime in Sweden.
Any journalist claiming Sweden is safe; I will pay for travel costs & accommodation for you to stay in crime ridden migrant suburbs of Malmo — Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) February 20, 2017
Watson's pledge has since been met with a wave of replies from people willing to make the trip, including comedian Al Murray, broadcaster Matthew Sweet, and Vanity Fair's Kurt Eichenwald.
"Can I bring my wife too? I'm excited!" Eichenwald asked eagerly in response:
.@PrisonPlanet WOW! Can I bring my wife too? Give me your contact info so we can start setting up the trip. I'm excited! — Kurt Eichenwald (@kurteichenwald) February 20, 2017
@captainjaubrey @LFBarfe @PrisonPlanet I like to write. And Sweden is an ace city break place. — Al Murray the318 (@almurray) February 20, 2017
.@PrisonPlanet Hey Paul, I'm from LBC Radio and would be delighted to take you up on this offer. How long can I stay? Fortnight? — Chris Hemmings (@Hemmch) February 20, 2017
@PrisonPlanet I accept. I will send you my bank info and send you selfies from Malmo. If you do not pay, you will be ridiculed. — Joey Ayoub (@joeyayoub) February 20, 2017
I'M STILL WAITING FOR MY MONEY @PrisonPlanet. I WANT TO GO TO MALMO NOW. — Joey Ayoub (@joeyayoub) February 20, 2017
I am interested! Travel costs will be cheap too, I live about ten minutes away. Seven bucks should get me there and back. https://t.co/fJNPKCOwD6 — Andreas Ekström (@andreasekstrom) February 20, 2017
Malmö's deputy mayor Nils Karlsson even responded, saying he would be happy to meet any journalists sent to the city.
Hello, @PrisonPlanet. I'm a deputy mayor in Malmö. I would be happy to meet with any journalists you send here to ser for themselves. — Nils Karlsson (@FilosofenNils) February 20, 2017
Looking forward to seeing you, @jamesdoleman! What a great guy @PrisonPlanet is! — Nils Karlsson (@FilosofenNils) February 20, 2017
Watson has since donated $2,000 to one journalist, US-based Tim Pool, who is crowd-funding an investigative trip to Sweden. The rest of the willing travellers seem destined to be disappointed, however.
The rush to grab a paid trip to Malmö is one of the more light-hearted consequences of the spotlight being thrust on Sweden this week in the wake of US President Trump's bizarre comments last Saturday, which implied a non-existent serious incident had taken place in the country the day before.
Trump later clarified by saying that his statement was in reference to a story on Fox News. The story, an interview with filmmaker Ami Horowitz claiming there had been a “surge in both gun violence and rape in Sweden since it began its open door policy,” has since been derided for its factual inaccuracies, and the police officers interviewed for it claim their quotes were taken out of context.
Horowitz denies that their answers were manipulated however, telling Fox News on Monday:
"I've never had a subject claim, and certainly not prove, that I ever misled them or ever doctored the footage. It's never happened before. So my record stands for itself, and what you saw on that video clear as day stands for itself."
As a younger generation of investors begins to grapple with retirement planning, advisors and fund companies should take note of the distinct concerns that those millennials bring with them, industry executives say.
In a panel discussion here at the Investment Company Institute's general membership meeting, officials from leading financial houses outlined some of the contours of the millennial generation, the cohort that cuts off at the age of 34.
"The approach to take with the younger generation and the mid-career professionals is quite different," says Kara Hoogensen, managing director of product development at Principal Funds.
Also see: Washington event puts spotlight on retirement woes
Any generational description is a broad brushstroke. But with millennials, that includes the unifying themes of volatility, crisis and scandal in the financial world. Taken together, events such as the dot-com collapse, the fall of the likes of Enron and WorldCom, the housing bubble and the crisis of 2008 have amounted to an "economic post-traumatic stress disorder," says Simon Mendelson, managing director and the head of product management and development in the Americas at Deutsche Asset & Wealth Management.
So it's no surprise that millennials tend to approach the financial sector with suspicion, and many have little appetite for risk in their investments, according to Omar Aguilar, senior vice president and chief investment officer at Charles Schwab Investment Management. Indeed, he calls the millennials a "very different class" of investors.
Also see: Workers missing out on billions in unclaimed 401(k) matches
"Most of them are very conservative," Aguilar says. "They're more risk-averse than the traditional investor that we have in the U.S."
Hoogensen argues that the most crucial piece of advice that the younger generation can receive is, quite simply, to save.
"It's not the product itself. It's not the investment return. It's not the asset allocation that will help someone achieve their retirement goals," she says. "It's saving itself."
She favors workplace policies that make contributing to a retirement plan automatic, if not compulsory, and also encourages employer-matching programs that incentivize higher contribution rates.
Global considerations
The panelists also suggest that complex and fast-changing global market conditions highlight the need for advisors and fund companies to recalibrate their investment strategy. However, they note that expanding a firm's operations into foreign markets invites new regulatory challenges.
"I think what we need to do is help our clients look globally for opportunities," Mendelson says, citing what he calls a "home-market bias."
"We are way overweight in home markets," he says. "People need to look globally, but people for some reason are afraid to."
Also see: New generation requires new retirement thinking
Mendelson suggests that some of that anxiety might trace to concerns about the health of foreign currencies, or perhaps to more general anxieties about market stability and geopolitical conditions.
He and other panelists also note the challenges that stem from regulatory environments that vary widely from one country to another.
"We are under the sight of lots and lots of global regulators," he says. "One of the challenges is a massive regulatory complexity."
On the domestic front, another wrinkle comes courtesy of the Department of Labor, which has advanced a fiduciary rule for advisors working with retirement plans and individuals planning for their post-work years.
The panelists stopped short of expressing outright criticism of the proposal, though they caution that the rules, in setting a stricter fiduciary standard, could have the adverse effect of limiting the resources available to lower-income investors, such as advisors or phone-based sales representatives.
"As an industry, anything that can support long-term savings, investor education and access to the retirement system is a good thing," Hoogensen says. "The challenge comes in the potential for the unintended consequences of regulation which could have the potential of harming the exact people that it's set out actually try to help."
Kenneth Corbin is a Financial Planning contributing writer in Washington and Boston.
Americans spent an average of $6,129 on food in 2010, with about $3,600 spent on groceries. It's no wonder that budget-minded shoppers go to great lengths to save money on the cost of food, doing whatever they can to cut that grocery bill. There are now apps to help you keep track of coupons, in-store savings for frequent shoppers, and discounts available for shoppers who carry a store card.
Two woman shopping in a grocery store. (iStockPhoto
Extreme couponers will tell you that they save hundreds of dollars on groceries each month by collecting online coupons, tracking expiration dates, and doubling up on deals at their favorite grocery stores. But how much do these strategies actually end up saving you in the long-run? In many cases, the effort it takes to snag these deals can outweigh the benefits.
Here are five common grocery shopping tips that don't actually save you money:
1. Clipping coupons
While you might be able to save a few dollars clipping coupons for brand-name goods, you'll never find coupons for anything without a barcode—the vegetables, fresh fruits, and other staples that are actually good for you. For many people, clipping coupons is more of a hassle and can prompt unnecessary purchases. Many manufacturers release coupons for overly-processed foods that few households actually need. Save your time and energy for seeking out deals on fresh and healthy foods at your local natural foods store, or for making an extra trip to the supermarket.
2. Shunning store brands because a brand is on sale
Too good for generic? While some generic items can be of a lower quality than their brand-name equivalents, others are actually exactly the same—sans the fancy packaging. When you're stocking up on staples like rice, flour, sugar, oatmeal, beans, and canned vegetables, you'll end up saving money with the store brand. Even when the brand-name items are on sale, you could still be paying a higher price just for the logo and packaging.
3. Stocking up when it's on sale
An unbeatable deal on your household's favorite cereal, snacks, or frozen entrees might trigger a stock-up spree, but don't forget to look at expiration dates and consider how much your household will actually go through. Even freezing items for long periods of time can make the food taste anything but fresh. If you can't see yourself going through the product within three or four weeks, you'll probably end up throwing it—and your hard-earned dollars—away.
4. Comparing sticker prices
It's rarely a bad idea to compare the advertised price of similar items on a shelf as you make your purchasing decisions. However, not all prices are listed as accurately as you might think. If you're not comparing the unit price—the small price per ounce or price per unit that most stores list under the selling price—you could end up paying much more than you bargained for. You need to be especially careful about this pricing strategy when you find a brand-name product on sale. Check the unit price first to compare it with non-sale items to see if you really are getting a great deal. If the unit price is still higher, you will most likely be paying for the packaging and the brand name.
5. Buying multi-pack meals and snacks
When the bulk of your groceries are ready-to-eat meals or convenient snack packs, it's unlikely that anyone in your household is actually getting some quality nutrition. Multi-pack meals and snacks may seem like a great deal, especially when you factor in the cost per meal and the time saved on cooking. But think about how this can impact your health—another “cost” you pay outside of the grocery store—and how much cheaper it would be to prepare fresh meals yourself. Setting aside just a few hours per week to round up fresh ingredients and prepare some healthy recipes for an entire week's worth of meals can be a much better grocery-savings strategy than stocking up on processed foods. Take inventory of your household's eating habits and current grocery list to see what types of processed foods you can completely eliminate from the diet. Your wallet—and your body—will thank you.
Sabah Karimi is a regular contributor to Yahoo News and a groceries deals expert for top financial blog Wise Bread.
About two weeks ago, “Gangnam Style”, the breakout worldwide hit from Korea pop star Psy, became the first video to hit two billion views on YouTube, a number that continues to grow. In fact, Psy is in very rare company with his astronomical view count. Not only is he the singular person to have reached the two billion mark, but he is one of only two people to hit one billion, sharing that honor with Justin Bieber's “Baby” (for better or worse).
The song launched Psy into the stratosphere of pop music, easily making him the most famous K-Pop singer in the world and helping raise the profile of his genre. As of writing this post, the video sits comfortably at 2.016 billion views, a number reached in just under two years.
While the quirky single had its time on the charts around the globe, it has fallen off the lists and sales have slowed significantly, as is the norm in pop music. While it may not be enjoying the radio and sales attention it once did, the song is still earning Psy (and his record label YG Entertainment) quite a bit of money, and it's all from that most viral of videos.
While there is quite a bit of debate about how much the singer really has earned, the New York Times quoted a video ad buying platform named TubeMogul in reaching a figure. Breaking down their figures, it can be surmised that Psy has earned just under $2 million from YouTube ads, almost all of which come from the “Gangnam Style” clip.
While it may seem like how much money a person has made from a certain product would be fairly straightforward, in this case it is actually tricky to figure out. While YouTube has partner programs with many content creators, the deals they have made with all of them are secret, and can vary widely. What is known is that YouTube keeps half of earned ad revenue, with the remainder going to whomever owns the content.
Making numbers slightly more complicated is the fact that costs for advertisers are not equal, as they shouldn't be. Ad placement in the “Gangnam Style” video is worth a lot more to a South Korean company like Samsung than it is to Ford. Also, costs for advertising vary around the world, and the value of various international currencies being used here need to be considered.
On top of that, YouTube offers two kinds of ads: small banners that pop up during the video, or full video ads that play before the clip. Videos are obviously much more expensive than the other option, and YouTube won't release information regarding how many of all ads were placed with “Gangam”.
Interestingly, Psy is making money every day not just from his own video(s), but those of other users from around the world. YouTube has a system for detecting when copyrighted material is being used in a video, and should it be found, the content's owner has the choice of either taking that video down or getting a share of the advertising revenue. Often record labels will quickly remove copies of new singles, so as to centralize views to the one they have uploaded. Psy chose for others to be able to use his track, and is raking in money from the 40,000 or so parody videos, lyric videos and the like that all use “Gangnam Style”, though calculating how much is a daunting task.
It should be made clear that $2 million figure mentioned above is from YouTube advertising alone. When all other revenue streams are taken into account—sales of the track on iTunes, live shows, endorsements, etc.—Psy's wealth swells to somewhere between $8 million and $10 million, with almost all of it being traceable back to the silly horsey dance.
“Gangnam” continues to add an average of just under three million new views per day, so the singer probably won't have to worry about the funds drying up for some time to come.
European Food Safety Alerts for Shark Products
Helmut Nickel, Shark Year Magazine,
30. September 2013
EU Rapid Alert System for Food and Feed Notifications concerning shark products from 23. February 2012 to 11. September 2013
Thirty-four food safety notifications regarding shark products have been issued by member countries of the European Union since February 2012. Earlier notifications can be viewed in our previous post from 31. January 2012 EU Food Alert – Mercury in Fish.
The clear majority of the food safety alerts was made by Italy with 21 notifications.
In ca. 47 percent of the 34 cases, the shark products were supplied by Spain.
About 70 percent of the notifications concerns not tolerable mercury concentrations measured in products of only two pelagic shark species ( blue and mako shark ). The highest mercury level was recorded in a sample of frozen shortfin mako from Spain ( with 8.61 mg/kg – ppm, Notification Date: 02. October 2012 ). In the European Union, the maximum mercury level allowable in muscle meat of all shark species is 1.0 mg/kg wet weight.
Spiny dogfish imports from sustainable fisheries in the United States caused food safety alerts and border rejections in Germany, France and Italy. These products showed an industrial contamination with non-dioxin-like and dioxin-like Polychlorobiphenyl (PCB). In late August 2013, German authorities denied the import of over 18 tons of frozen spiny dogfish. Just a few weeks earlier, about 740 kg of US spiny dogfish had been withdrawn from the market in Italy.
Another noteworthy case was reported from Italy in November 2012:
A Chinese delivery of frozen shark fillets had the scientific name ‘Carchrocles megalodon' on its label. This is obviously a slight misspelling of Carcharocles megalodon, the Megalodon, which is an extinct species of shark that lived millions of years ago. Italian customs authorities rejected the import and the whole consignment of 1.200 kg shark meat was destroyed.
Related tables and all notification-details are listed below.
For comparison reasons, there is also a table with the numbers of EU Food Safety Notifications regarding mercury concentrations above legal limits in bony fish species (e.g. swordfish and tuna ).
–
Notification Details (only shark products) in descending chronological order
Notification date: 11. September 2013
Notification from: GREECE
Product: frozen blue shark ( Prionace glauca )
Origin: China
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.3 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: Import not authorised
Distribution status:
—
Notification date: 21. August 2013
Notification from: GERMANY
Product: chilled spiny dogfish (Squalus acanthias)
Amount: 18.597 kg
Origin: USA
Hazard: dioxin-like polychlorobiphenyls (industrial contaminants)
Analytical Result: not reported
Action taken: border rejection
Distribution status: product not placed on the market
—
Notification date: 19. August 2013
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen shortfin mako ( Isurus oxyrinchus )
Amount: 5.459 kg
Origin: Japan ( via Spain )
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 5.6 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: withdrawal from the market
Distribution status: information on distribution not (yet) available
—
Notification date: 09. August 2013
Notification from: ITALY
Product: chilled shortfin mako ( Isurus oxyrinchus ).
Amount: 600 kg
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.15 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken:
Distribution status: distribution restricted to notifying country
—
Notification date: 02. August 2013
Notification from: ITALY
Product: chilled spiny dogfish (Squalus acanthias)
Amount: 740 kg
Origin: USA
Hazard: non-dioxin-like polychlorobiphenyls (industrial contaminants)
Analytical Result: 152 ng/kg – ppt
Action taken: withdrawal from the market
Distribution status: restricted to Italy
—
Notification date: 18. July 2013
Notification from: GREECE
Product: frozen blue shark ( Prionace glauca )
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 2.6 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: withdrawal from the market
Distribution status: no distribution from notifying country
—
Notification date: 24. June 2013
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen blue shark ( Prionace glauca ).
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.3 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: withdrawal from the market
Distribution status: information on distribution not (yet) available
—
Notification date: 19. June 2013
Notification from: ITALY
Product: spiny dogfish (Squalus acanthias)
Origin: USA
Hazard: non-dioxin-like polychlorobiphenyls (industrial contaminants)
Analytical Result: 113 µg/kg – ppb
Action taken:
Distribution status: restricted to Italy
—
Notification date: 14. June 2013
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen mako shark ( Isurus oxyrinchus )
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 2.4 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: withdrawal from the market
Distribution status: distribution restricted to notifying country
—
Notification date: 24. May 2013
Notification from: FRANCE
Product: chilled spiny dogfish (Squalus acanthias)
Origin: USA
Hazard: non-dioxin-like polychlorobiphenyls (industrial contaminants)
Analytical Result: 113501 pg WHO TEQ/g
Action taken: informing authorities
Distribution status: distributed to France, Italy.
—
Notification date: 14. May 2013
Notification from: SLOVENIA
Product: frozen fillets, blue shark ( Prionace glauca )
Origin: Spain (packaged in Slovenia)
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.6 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: informing recipients
Distribution status: distribution restricted to notifying country
—
Notification date: 18. March 2013
Notification from: POLAND
Product: frozen blue shark steaks (Prionace glauca)
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 3.33 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: withdrawal from the market
Distribution status: distribution restricted to notifying country
—
Notification date: 01. March 2013
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen blue shark ( Prionace glauca )
Origin: Portugal
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.25 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: withdrawal from the market
Distribution status: distribution restricted to notifying country
—
Notification date: 01. February 2013
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen shortfin mako shark ( Isurus oxyrinchus )
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 3.5 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: informing authorities
Distribution status: product already consumed
—
Notification date: 15. January 2013
Notification from: ESTONIA
Product: frozen blue shark ( Prionace glauca )
Origin: Vietnam
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.35 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: official detention
Distribution status: distribution restricted to notifying country
—
Notification date: 27. November 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen shark fillets, Megalodon shark ( Carcharocles megalodon )
Amount: 1.200 kg
Origin: China
Subject: incorrect labelling ( species mentioned on the label is extinct for millions of years )
Action taken: destruction
Distribution status: no distribution
—
Notification date: 02. October 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen slices of shortfin mako ( Isurus oxyrinchus )
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 8.61 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken:
Distribution status: distribution restricted to notifying country
—
Notification date: 18. September 2012
Notification from: UNITED KINGDOM
Product: frozen milk shark ( Rhizoprionodon acutus )
Origin: Yemen
Hazard: Cadmium
Analytical Result: 0.76 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: official detention
Distribution status: distribution to UK and France.
—
Notification date: 08. August 2012
Notification from: UNITED KINGDOM
Product: frozen ‘ baby shark ‘ ( presumably milk shark, Rhizoprionodon acutus )
Origin: Yemen
Hazard: Cadmium
Analytical Result: 0.67 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: –
Distribution status: no distribution.
—
Notification date: 07. August 2012
Notification from: GERMANY
Product: frozen blue shark ( Prionace glauca )
Origin: Vietnam
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.58 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: re-dispatch
Distribution status: no distribution.
—
Notification date: 13. July 2012
Notification from: MALTA
Product: fresh dogfish
Origin: Malta
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 2.1 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken:
Distribution status: restricted to Malta
—
Notification date: 11. July 2012
Notification from: GERMANY
Product: frozen blue shark ( Prionace glauca )
Origin: Vietnam
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.4 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: re-dispatch
Distribution status: no distribution
—
Notification date: 26. June 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen slices of shortfin mako (Isurus oxyrinchus)
Origin: Singapore
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 5.47 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: withdrawal from the market
Distribution status: distribution restricted to notifying country
—
Notification date: 14. June 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen blue shark ( Prionace glauca )
Origin: Vietnam
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.3 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: informing authorities
Distribution status: no distribution.
—
Notification date: 28. May 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen blue shark ( Prionace glauca )
Origin: Spain ( manufactured in Italy ).
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.89 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: withdrawal from the market
Distribution status: distributed to France and Italy.
—
Notification date: 21. May 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen shortfin mako shark ( Isurus oxyrinchus ).
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.15 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: destruction
Distribution status: information on distribution not (yet) available
—
Notification date: 14. May 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: chilled mako shark ( Isurus oxyrinchus ).
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 2.6 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: no action taken
Distribution status: no stock left
—
Notification date: 24. April 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: chilled small-spotted catshark (Scyliorhinus canicula)
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 2.3 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: withdrawal from the market
Distribution status: product past use-by date
—
Notification date: 21. March 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen shortfin mako ( Isurus oxyrinchus ).
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.2 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: withdrawal from the market
Distribution status: information on distribution not (yet) available
—
Notification date: 16. March 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: frozen blue shark ( Prionace glauca )
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.389 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: official detention
Distribution status: information on distribution not (yet) available
—
Notification date: 16. March 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: chilled small-spotted catshark (Scyliorhinus canicula)
Origin: Croatia
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.903 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: Import not authorised
Distribution status: no distribution.
—
Notification date: 09. March 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: defrosted mako shark (Isurus oxyrinchus)
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 3.7 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: no action taken
Distribution status: product already consumed
—
Notification date: 02. March 2012
Notification from: ITALY
Product: defrosted mako shark ( Isurus oxyrinchus ).
Origin: Spain
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 3.5 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: no action taken
Distribution status: product already consumed
—
Notification date: 23. February 2012
Notification from: FRANCE
Product: frozen blue shark steaks ( Prionace glauca ).
Origin: Ecuador
Hazard: Mercury
Analytical Result: 1.159 mg/kg – ppm
Action taken: destruction
Distribution status: distribution restricted to notifying country
—
Welcome to E2NZ.org while you're here why not check out our Migrant Tales series. You'll be glad you did.
Inward migration may be booming in NZ at the moment, but most of the permanent and long term arrivals are Kiwis returning home and looking for work.
In February 2010: ‘People Leaving NZ. What's The Deal?' was a question that was asked on the emigration forum Expatarrivals.com and not much has changed since then.
These are some of the answers that were given back then that still hold true today:
I”t's very hard to be a returning kiwi especially with experience and qualifications. It's difficult to get ‘a job' let alone something in your field…even harder if you're over 30. The average wage is low (especially if you're female), cost of living high and kiwis are over taxed. The country has been mis-managed for some years (over spending, poor immigration, fraud) with very little to show for it. It's also become increasingly more violent (murder, rape, child abuse, domestic violence). I would advise anyone thinking about returning to do their homework seriously! There are not many opportunities and it can be very closed shop, insular and nepotistic so if you've been away for a while it's tough. The safe thing to do would be line up a job (if you can) before making any move.”
“You may not want to hear this as an potential emigrating expat but many leave New Zealand because there are better job opportunities outside of the country. Higher Salaries and faster career prospects entice people off the island.”
“I've heard that kiwis keep leaving new zealand because it is the most boring place on earth. there is nothing to do but go walking, or listen to crowded house records. there is no culture, jobs, excitement.”
“I have heard that New Zealand companies are now working very hard to recruit expats in an effort to replace the amount of young people leaving the country – this is surely a positive spin for prospective immigrants, giving them a bit of leverage to negotiate offers?”
“Good jobs scarce. Low-wage economy. Sky-high housing. Gang problem. Insular people. Schools not good compared to UK. Housing poor quality. There isn't much to emigrate “to” unless you enjoy scenery to the exclusion of all else. It is beautiful but there just is not much there. I know people who have regressed in their careers while in NZ because they were overqualified for everything, so you do find IT professionals with Masters in CompSci working help desks with some frequency. Their free health care is not actually free, and is staffed mainly by temporary foreign locum sawbones. If it is an injury you are covered, but not something like cancer or kidney stones, for which it is more efficient to go private before you croak on a queue. Many Kiwis leave for better wages in Oz, and some expats move on to Oz or elsewhere, or back home, after a few years. You don\'t hear from these leavers at all. You only hear all the constant public relations hype about how great it is. If you google around you will find forums discussing the downside. If you are an independently wealthy boastman or a nature freak who does not mind living in the manner of a backpacker on ramen and tiny rented spaces, you will love it. Seppos: No totalisation agreement with social security so check out tax ramifications.I knew a few Yanks who became stuck. Poms, if you love Tescos and Waitrose and M&S, don\'t move to NZ. Goods are either inexpensive and shoddy or they are the expected Blighty medium-quality but way beyond your budget in NZ. NZ winter weather is like March, cold, wet and windy, but your hearth will not be a refuge from this. The homes are draughty with no insulation and built with poor joinery and no central heating. In March temperatures this may be difficult. Nonexistent pub culture. Nonexistent culture in general.
“Came, saw, stuck it out for a few years and will soon leave screaming.”
Their free health care is not actually free, and is staffed mainly by temporary foreign locum sawbones. If it is an injury you are covered, but not something like cancer or kidney stones, for which it is more efficient to go private before you croak on a queue. Many Kiwis leave for better wages in Oz, and some expats move on to Oz or elsewhere, or back home, after a few years. You don't hear from these leavers at all. You only hear all the constant public relations hype about how great it is. If you google around you will find forums discussing the downside. If you are an independently wealthy boastman or a nature freak who does not mind living in the manner of a backpacker on ramen and tiny rented spaces, you will love it. Seppos: No totalisation agreement with social security so check out tax ramifications.I knew a few Yanks who became stuck. Poms, if you love Tescos and Waitrose and M&S, don't move to NZ. Goods are either inexpensive and shoddy or they are the expected Blighty medium-quality but way beyond your budget in NZ. NZ winter weather is like March, cold, wet and windy, but your hearth will not be a refuge from this. The homes are draughty with no insulation and built with poor joinery and no central heating. In March temperatures this may be difficult. Nonexistent pub culture. Nonexistent culture in general.And before anyone thinks or posts that its the same everywhere and medical doctors drive taxis in NYC, USA or London UK. The difference is that those countries do not have the feel about them of being cut off from the rest of the world as NZ DEFINITELY does and despite it all those countries do offer more opportunity and better wages, even if you have to do a menial job to survive at first. I'd also like to think that those countries have long ago adapted to multiculturalism and even if its only on the face of it, at least make people feel equal to a larger degree. Unless of course you visit the small towns of West Virginia or Utah, USA but let's face it, not many immigrants would rush there to begin with. And A LOT of NZ feels like small town, hillbilly, one-horse-towns. It's very rural … so one becomes a bit depressed leaving the “cities” (100 000 pax = city here) to go and see the scenery as you drive through those small towns and look at the derelict housing etc.”
“The thing about NZ IMO is that the country is so, so small that the social problems, economic problems, development problems, health problems, political insufficiency, youth problems (graffiti, teen pregnancies, truancy, gangs, drugs, poor literacy etc), living-below-the-breadline families, and terrible pollution – yes the clean green image was just a marketing ploy and e.g. recycling is faaar behind here – are in your face on a daily basis. You may live in a good area but the next rough area is often a few street blocks away. Walking distance. The only place where you may isolate yourself from not seeing the very real problems of this country is maybe Auckland, NZ's only city (1.2 mil pax). So indeed, everywhere in the world has these problems but in NZ they are very much in your face. Now maybe this is a good thing to keep people humble and make them aware and not to isolate the down trodden yadda yadda, but if you're going to blow your life savings to immigrate and leave friends, family and familiarity behind, I think its rather disappointing when you arrive here in reliance on the marketing campaigns by NZ Immigration and find that the countrys problems are rather close to you on a daily basis, the wages do not live up to the cost of living here, and the job opportunities (not to mention lack of promotional opportunities) may very well be the first very real problem you face … and add to that the xenophobia mentioned above when you go for interviews … Good luck to you if you are highly skilled (highly qualified) too because many a migrant can attest to the fact that New Zealanders do not generally appreciate foreign expertise. It all comes down to their inferiority crisis about being so small and isolated and indeed, the worst developed Western country in the world. Resources are and will always be lacking here. If you like living rural and in make-do way, you may just love it here.
“It saddens me to hear some of the negative words that are being said about my beautiful country. Altough I have to admit some are true, I myself have left New Zealand for a better lifestyle, earning potential, and career that I didnt have when I was back home. Apart from this, New Zealand DOES have an AWESOME CULTURE, it is there you just need to find it. I love and miss home and would love to return to live one day, hopefull after I win the Lotto!”
You may also be interested in
Migrant Tales – ‘Musings From the Land of Shrimp' and ‘the Myth of 93% Satisfaction
The Myth of 93% Satisfaction In 2006, the NZ Department of Labour triumphantly announced a spectacular level of satisfaction among migrants with the “Kiwi way of life”. The “93% satisfaction level” has been quoted widely and often since. It was one of the ‘facts' which helped shape our decision to make the move to NZ.. The report is an exercise in bad math and data manipulation. I can take the same data, manipulate it in a similar way in reverse and conclude that only 17% of the new permanent residents liked “the friendly and relaxed pace of life”. Or that only 12% felt they were “safe from crime and violence”. These would be lies, and likewise the DOL's conclusions… read more
TEL AVIV – Now that France has been forced into a war against terrorism, it would do well to take lessons from Israel, a French parliamentarian told Arutz Sheva in the wake of the murder of a priest in Normandy by Muslim extremists.
MP Meir Habib, who also served as vice chairman of the investigating committee for the 2015 terror attacks in France, said he was urging the country's leadership, which he claims is woefully unprepared to deal with the threat it is facing, to learn from Israel's anti-terror tactics.
“I sought to go to Israel and to learn from the Israelis; you're more experienced in dealing with terrorism. Thirty of us, French parliamentarians, met with the [Israeli] Prime Minister, Justice Minister, Police Chief, and the Chairman of the Foreign Affairs and Security Committee, Avi Dichter.”
“We see that the Islamic State doesn't start up with you [Israel],” he added.
“Unfortunately as of now we are not ready in terms of intelligence and professional [training] to overcome the terrorists, either in terms of sealing the borders or in dealing with incitement in mosques,” said Habib.
“Every day we wake up to another terror attack, one time in Germany, another time in France; the truck terror attack and the murder of the priest.”
Habib slammed the French government for not condemning the recent wave of terror attacks in Israel.
When the car attacks and stabbings started in Israel, I called on France to condemn it; they didn't and now it has come here. Also here we have millions of Muslims, most of them not radicalized, but the incitement in the mosques must be stopped. There was recently an imam who told dozens of children that anyone who listens to non-Muslim music is a monkey or pig. The jihadist Satan wants us all to become jihadists, and it has nothing to do with territory. This is a total world war, [and it's] either us or them, and we must be determined against this trash. We need to destroy them, to launch ground operations with an international coalition and finish off IS.
According to Habib, the French government ignored his calls to arrest Muslim sympathizers with the terrorists behind attacks on the kosher supermarket on January 9, 2015.
“After the attack on the Hyper Cacher [kosher supermarket] there were 30,000 Muslims who identified with the murderers on Twitter. I told the Internal Minister to arrest them, but it didn't happen. And yesterday they slaughtered a poor 86-year-old priest.
“Can you imagine what that is, to slaughter a priest in a church? Imagine if, God forbid, a rabbi would be slaughtered in a synagogue. Unfortunately this is just the beginning, and I said already years ago [we need to] wake up, open our eyes, we need to be determined and in the end we will be victorious.”
Merk Market Outlook:
Coming Wave of Regulation and the Risk to the Dollar
By Joseph Brusuelas (Chief Economist)
Merk Market Outlook provides the weekly perspective on the markets and the economy. Don't miss an Outlook:
Sign up for our Newsletter The Archive:
Read past Market Outlooks
Over the past several months it has become clear that there is a cauldron of regulation brewing in Washington. The bursting of the subprime bubble and dislocation in the financial sector has brought with it, in its aftermath, the risk of overregulation. Members of the political class are brimming with confidence that the political, economic and social considerations have aligned to finally tame the market. Serious consideration is being given to policies that would curb the ability of investors to hedge against future instability in markets, engage in financial innovation and even determine the pay of senior managers, much less corporate executives. What is beginning to take shape is not a necessary bout of reform, but a wave of regulation that will stem that necessary flow of investment into the US and put the dollar at greater risk.
At this late stage in the game, one does not get the impression that our political elite has given proper consideration to the costs and benefits of returning to 1970's style regulation. On one hand the cry out of Washington is that the grabbing hand of the government must return to the marketplace to protect society and ensure the proper functioning of markets. Yet, those same political actors who bemoan the power of the market are the same ones considering the implementation of regulations that would create incentives for the necessary flow of capital to fund their earmarks and out of control spending.
The simple truth is that due to the deficit in the US current account, the country must import $1.9 billion per day to cover the shortfall in savings and investment that it needs. Unlike some of the economically ill-informed in our political class, we are not under the impression that foreigners invest in the US to provide leverage over our way of life or our foreign policy. What drives the flow of funds from abroad is the return on investment from parking capital in an efficient, deep and liquid market. An increase in regulation that would limit speculative activity to give the public the impression that Washington is doing something to curb the excess of the market, would in the end create inefficiencies in domestic markets, increase the cost of doing business, drive up interest rates and send the value of the dollar plummeting.
For example, the Congress is seriously considering curbing speculation in the oil markets. While this would provide a transitory measure of satisfaction to a certain political constituency, but is it economically prudent? After all for markets to function properly it is essential that market participants are able to derive future prices. Put another way, current expectations of supply and demand over the next several months or years, out to be embedded in futures prices. This provides market players with a signal of future costs and guides investment, exploration and development in the industry. Perhaps, the members of Congress think that they can do a better job of allocating resources and setting prices. But it is doubtful.
Those that support a significant increase in regulatory activity on the part of Washington, suggest that it is the government and the government only that can enact the necessary steps that can save us from ourselves. They believe that without government intervention in the marketplace that financial institutions will not adopt sufficient risk practices to avoid another sub-prime type debacle. These would be reformers believe that speculative activity in the oil market will continue to drive up the price of gasoline, as if, China and India do not exist or that supply and demand do not matter in election years. Moreover, many make a straightforward argument that if public funds are used to bailout financial concerns such as Bear Stearns, that the federal government should dictate the how and what type of risks firms should take.
Such a step up in regulatory activity would be unwise on two accounts. First, the thinly disguised series of efforts currently underway have more to do with addressing what many in Washington view as a structural imbalance in the power between the market and the state. A move at this time to tilt the equation of power back towards the state would risk undoing many of the absolutely positive innovations in the market that have been accomplished over the past three decades.
A set of policies that would give the power to unelected bureaucrats in Washington the ability to set the parameters of risk taking inside the business community and create a series of incentives for potential foreign investors to send their capital elsewhere would be precisely the wrong direction to take. Just as the emerging world is adopting open economic policies that will provide the margin of comfort to get the US through what will be a very difficult transition, it would be unwise to adopt a set of policies that drives capital elsewhere. After years of lecturing other nations on the necessity and virtue open markets and flexible exchange rates, the irony will not be lost on an emerging world that is striving to construct exactly the type of futures markets that the Congress is considering regulating. After all, imagine what current levels of gross economic output and the interest rates would be if it were not for free trade, the flow of foreign funds into the country or the ability of firms to hedge against future uncertainty.
Second, the structural adjustment in the value of the dollar has yet to run its course. It is in both the interests of the US and the global economy that this process occurs in an orderly fashion. Any regulatory regime that has more to do with domestic political considerations of power and are not in the interests of maintaining an open and efficient market should be forthrightly opposed. While there is little that can be done to prevent the long term redressing of global imbalances, it is imperative that in this election year that a discussion take place that ensures a carefully considered and thought through regulatory regime. If this is not the case, the risk to the dollar is enormous and we would expect a downward spiral in the greenback should Congress wield too heavy of a hammer on the banking community and financial markets.
Joseph Brusuelas
Chief Economist
Merk Investments
Merk Investments LLC is the manager of Merk Mutual Funds, including the Merk Asian Currency Fund and the Merk Hard Currency Fund. The Merk Asian Currency Fund invests in a basket of Asian currencies. Asian currencies the Fund may invest in include, but are not limited to, the currencies of China, Hong Kong, Japan, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan and Thailand.
The Merk Hard Currency Fund invests in a basket of hard currencies. Hard currencies are currencies backed by sound monetary policy; sound monetary policy focuses on price stability.
The Funds may be appropriate for you if you are pursuing a long-term goal with a hard or Asian currency component to your portfolio; are willing to tolerate the risks associated with investments in foreign currencies; or are looking for a way to potentially mitigate downside risk in or profit from a secular bear market. For more information on the Funds and to download a prospectus, please visit www.merkfunds.com.
Investors should consider the investment objectives, risks and charges and expenses of the Merk Funds carefully before investing. This and other information is in the prospectus, a copy of which may be obtained by visiting the Funds' website at www.merkfunds.com or calling 866-MERK FUND. Please read the prospectus carefully before you invest.
The Funds primarily invest in foreign currencies and as such, changes in currency exchange rates will affect the value of what the Funds own and the price of the Funds' shares. Investing in foreign instruments bears a greater risk than investing in domestic instruments for reasons such as volatility of currency exchange rates and, in some cases, limited geographic focus, political and economic instability, and relatively illiquid markets. The Funds are subject to interest rate risk which is the risk that debt securities in the Funds' portfolio will decline in value because of increases in market interest rates. The Funds may also invest in derivative securities which can be volatile and involve various types and degrees of risk. As a non-diversified fund, the Merk Hard Currency Fund will be subject to more investment risk and potential for volatility than a diversified fund because its portfolio may, at times, focus on a limited number of issuers. For a more complete discussion of these and other Fund risks please refer to the Funds' prospectuses.
This report was prepared by Merk Investments LLC, and reflects the current opinion of the authors. It is based upon sources and data believed to be accurate and reliable. Opinions and forward-looking statements expressed are subject to change without notice. This information does not constitute investment advise nor a solicitation or an offer to buy or sell any products or services. Foreside Fund Services, LLC, distributor.
×
IT organizations that regularly repay technical debt by prioritizing code quality and revising software assets tend to spend less on application maintenance, better positioning them to invest in new business capabilities and innovation.
Ward Cunningham, the programmer who developed the first wiki, coined the term “technical debt” to describe the trade-offs associated with releasing “immature” code—code that works, but isn't quite right. “Shipping first-time code is like going into debt,” he wrote in 1992. “A little debt speeds development so long as it is paid back promptly with a rewrite.”
In other words, accumulating some technical debt can keep software development teams on schedule. But too much technical debt can lead to serious problems downstream: business disruption from system outages, protracted software maintenance cycles, increased application maintenance costs, and decreased IT efficiency.
Technical debt often stems from making poor short-term/long-term trade-offs. It can accrue when architects pick products or approaches without fully considering the ramifications of their choices. And it can come from programmers taking shortcuts or using unsophisticated development techniques, like cutting and pasting blocks of code without thinking through the longer term consequences of reuse. Each shortcut causes technical debt to accumulate. In that sense, technical debt is comparable to high-interest, short-term borrowing: When organizations don't pay off the debt promptly, compounding kicks in. And, like financial debt, IT organizations that don't pay back technical debt may end up having to allocate the bulk of their budgets to interest—i.e., system maintenance—rather than to developing software that supports new business opportunities. Technical debt can further jeopardize business operations by undermining the stability and reliability of systems over time.
The concept of technical debt is gaining renewed interest among CIOs as a way to focus technical teams on software quality, increase transparency into IT costs and operations, enhance the business's understanding of IT delivery, and help the C-suite prioritize IT projects. Organizations that regularly repay technical debt by consolidating and revising software will likely be better positioned to undertake investments in innovation.
Where to Start?
For most IT organizations, technical debt comes with the territory. It's an unavoidable consequence of decades of technology investment. The big question for CIOs is how to manage this liability. Here are some steps for getting started:
Assess the status of debt for significant investments. To calculate technical debt, CIOs need visibility into the quality of code for legacy systems and new software development projects. Only with both sets of information can CIOs make the trade-offs necessary to manage technical debt effectively. New tools for scanning and assessing software assets can help CIOs gauge the quality of their software and determine what it would cost to eliminate the inevitable debt. A study from software company CAST suggests that an average of $3.61 of technical debt exists per line of code, or an average of more than $1 million per system. CIOs can prioritize technical debt remediation efforts by evaluating the importance of each system and understanding whether the technical debt has to be addressed, and in what timeframe.
Determine the extent to which future investments are dependent on legacy systems. Legacy systems with high rates of technical debt may hamper development and operation of new systems. With legacy systems, debt can come from outdated architectural decisions, in addition to code quality issues. Since many of the innovative new technologies that companies are deploying require access to legacy functions, CIOs need to understand the impact that flaws in legacy software have on their organizations' ability to deliver and support new capabilities. Questions to consider include whether the legacy architecture can scale and support new initiatives, and whether launching a legacy modernization effort may help IT get ahead of imminent business demand.
Consider the talent required to remediate technical debt. You may not have the resources to cost-effectively update some aging systems. IT professionals with knowledge of legacy programming languages like Cobol, Natural, and Assembler are in increasingly short supply. Therefore, talent should be factored into your technical debt analysis. Think of talent as a multiplier on top of the raw technical debt calculation, and use it to define priorities and timelines.
Hold developers and architects accountable. Consider rating and rewarding developers and architects on the quality of their code and decisions. In some cases, fewer skilled developers may be better than volumes of mediocre ones whose work may require downstream debt reversal. Regularly run code complexity reviews and technical debt assessments, and share the results across the team. Documenting and communicating specific, identified issues can help the team improve, and negative debt trends can signal that a project is headed in the wrong direction or encountering unexpected complexity.
Spread the wealth (and the burden). Participate in existing communities dedicated to identifying and addressing technical debt. Institute peer code reviews for informal spot checks. Formal quality assessments performed by seasoned architects can unearth issues that would go undetected with standard quality assurance (QA) processes. Learn from open source communities, where quality is continuously refined by the extended pool of developers poring over each other's code.¹
Determine your debt repayment philosophy. Companies have different tolerances for technical debt across their software assets. Debt is not inherently bad; it can fuel new investments and accelerate product launches. But left unchecked, it can be crippling. The appropriate amount of technical debt varies for each organization, but the decision to accumulate it should be conscious and transparent.
*****
Without a clear view of the real cost of technical debt, CIOs lack the information they need to make effective decisions about new initiatives and investments. While it's important not to get obsessed with technical debt, it's also critical to understand and plan for it. Every new project comes with at least some technical debt, so it should be incorporated into project management processes and portfolio reporting. Paying down technical debt is a long-term investment, but if left unchecked it can bankrupt a CIO's ability to build for the future.
—by Scott Buchholz, director, Deloitte Consulting LLP and David Sisk, director, Deloitte Consulting LLP
“The most important point I made,” Obama told reporters at the White House, referring to his conversation last week with Trump, “was that how you staff—particularly your chief of staff, your national security adviser, your White House counsel, how you set up a process and a system to surface information, generate options for a president, understanding that ultimately the president is going to be the final decision maker, that that's something that's going to have to be attended to right away.”
This was all accurate, but it was a way of saying that Trump is the first president in living memory not to have even passing knowledge of how a White House operation runs.
Obama repeatedly touted the fact that Trump will be inheriting many advantages: low unemployment, rising incomes and wages, a historically low uninsurance rate, stable financial systems, a high stock market, strong international alliances, and cheap gasoline. Given the baseline Trump will inherit, Obama's reminder that “the American people will judge over the next couple of years whether they like what they see” suggests a suspicion that many of these metrics will worsen once Trump takes over.
When he was stumping for Hillary Clinton, Obama frequently returned to an immutable fact about the presidency: that the office doesn't change an inhabitant's temperamental failures, but magnifies them. On Monday, Obama suggested that the only way around this potentially catastrophic problem for Trump would be to outsource aspects of the job which don't suit his temperament to less erratic people.
Obama explained how this presidency hack worked in his case:
This may seem like a silly example, but I know myself well enough to know I can't keep track of paper. I am not well organized in that way. And so pretty quickly, after I'm getting stacks of briefing books coming in every night, I say to myself, I've got to figure out a system because I have bad filing, sorting and organizing habits. And I've got to find some people who can help me keep track of this stuff. That seems trivial, but actually it ends up being a pretty big piece of business.
The analogy would've been amusing but for the fact that, whether he can keep his desk and files organized or not, Trump can't focus long enough to read through “stacks of briefing books coming in every night” to begin with.
Reading comprehension and patience only scratch the surface of difficulties Trump will face. “I think there will be certain elements of his temperament that will not serve him well unless he recognizes them and corrects them,” Obama added, “because when you're a candidate and you say something that is inaccurate or controversial, it has less impact than it does when you're president of the United States. Everybody around the world is paying attention, markets moves. National security issues require a level of precision in order to make sure you don't make mistakes. I think he recognizes that this is different.”
Trump may or may not need someone to set up a filing system for him, but he'll need people to do his reading, and to keep him from making shit up or reflexively attacking his enemies in public. The consequences of failing to outsource these tasks to people with better temperament won't be a disorganized workspace, but crashing markets and accidental wars.
On the campaign trail, Trump responded to relatively trivial setbacks by grinding campaign norms into dust. One of his favorite tactics was positing a variety of fake realities (international conspiracies, the fictional crimes of his enemies, the imagined hellscapes of inner cities) meant to turn his base's focus away from some new mortifying revelation and back to the demagogic message of his candidacy.
Obama's warning to Trump, and everyone who stands to suffer for his errors, is that living in a rhetorical fantasy will backfire on a president. “Regardless of what experience or assumptions he brought to the office, this office has a way of waking you up,” Obama said. “And those aspects of his positions or predispositions that don't match up with reality—he will find shaken up pretty quick, because reality has a way of asserting itself.”
Should Trump respond to such shakeups by transgressing governing norms, where he once transgressed campaigning norms, Obama warned that he would find himself in the midst of scandal or crime.
“One of the things you discover about being president is that there are all these rules and norms and laws and you've got to pay attention to them,” Obama said, as if the president-elect weren't a 70-year-old person with a fancy education. “The people who work for you are also subject to those rules and norms. And that's a piece of advice that I gave to the incoming president.”
Obama's presidency was historically uncorrupt and free from major scandal, but that is not typical in U.S. history. George W. Bush's administration festered with scandal and corruption, even though Bush had governing experience and enough integrity not to let his presidency become a source of personal enrichment. Bill Clinton's White House, though misremembered by Republicans as one part Saturnalia, one part Nixonian crime den, wasn't scandal-free either.
“We listened to the lawyers,” Obama said, “and we had a strong White House Counsel's Office. We had a strong Ethics Office. We had people in every agency whose job it was to remind people, this is how you're supposed to do things…. We had to just try to institutionalize this as much as we could. And that takes a lot of work. And one of my suggestions to the incoming president is, is that he take that part of the job seriously, as well.”
Because of the unique and awkward position he finds himself in, Obama can't trash the incoming president or sow panic about the country's coming stewardship. But it isn't normal for an outgoing president to have to tell the incoming one he should follow the law, and that aspects of his temperament might get him into an economic crisis or a war or a massive corruption scandal. It's certainly not normal for him to warn the public about it, however subtly, either.
We've become accustomed to some very high standards of behavior, and complacent—or even frustrated—with a slow, steady improvement upon the status quo Obama inherited eight years ago. This is Obama's only way of preparing us for some abrupt and ugly reversals. We ought to listen very closely.
After performing two well-received, large-scale shows in Singapore, the first being at Fort Canning Park all the way back in 2007 (anyone remembers that show?), British rock powerhouse Muse are set to return to Singapore on the height of their tour for upcoming album Drones.
Making themselves at home in the eminent Singapore Indoor Stadium after performing there with Saosin and Rise Against in 2010, Muse will be taking centre stage on September 26, 2015.
Here's the band during...uh, simpler times.
Officially serving as their seventh studio album, Drones will be coming out on June 5, with singles such as 'Dead Inside' and 'Mercy' released ahead, showcasing a harder-edged version of Muse's constantly-evolving take on alternative rock. Lyrically, it sets the band right into subject matter they've taken before, this time with a stronger sense of urgency and strangely brutal conviction, especially with the brief album title.
"I didn't know how prolific drone usage has been." says frontman Matt Bellamy in an interview with Rolling Stone. "I always perceived Obama as an all-around likable guy. But from reading the book [Predators: The CIA's Drone War on al Qaeda by Brian Glyn Williams], you find out that most mornings he wakes up, has breakfast and then goes down to the war room and makes what they call 'kill decisions.' He makes that decision based on a long chain of intelligence people who, as we all know, can be very unreliable."
While the promoter for the Singapore show has yet to be revealed, along with ticket prices, the band themselves have confirmed the date, along with the official start of ticket sales at 10am on June 10. As we anticipate for more details, here's a playlist of our favourite Muse tunes to jam today!
UPDATE: AEG Live is confirmed to be the promoters and they've revealed ticket prices — S$228, $188, $168, $148, $128 and $108. Tickets will go on sale at 10am on June 11 by Sports Hub, either online or through their ticketing hotline at +65 3158 7888. Muse will be performing at the Singapore Indoor Stadium on September 26 at 8pm.
Militia forces from the Libyan city of Misrata executed dozens of detainees following the capture and death of Muammar Gaddafi a year ago this week, according to a new report from the group Human Rights Watch.
Almost 70 members of the former Libyan dictator's convoy were abused and executed after Gaddafi's own capture and death in the city of Sirte last October, the human rights group alleges.
The report – Death of a Dictator: Bloody Vengeance in Sirte – details Gaddafi's final hours and includes evidence that appears to prove captured pro-Gaddafi fighters caught attempting to leave the city, including Gaddafi's son Mutassim, were murdered.
Mutassim was allegedly killed after being taken to Misrata, which suffered a months-long siege by pro-government troops. He had been filmed alive in the city earlier in the day, but later footage showed him dead from a fresh wound to the throat not visible in the first video after his capture.
Also killed, investigators believe, were at least 66 other members of the convoy, executed at the nearby Mahari Hotel.
While both sides committed atrocities, including murder, during the Libyan war's last battle, which saw some of the heaviest street fighting, this would be the worst single incident attributed to the coalition of anti-government militias.
Peter Bouckaert, emergencies director at Human Rights Watch, said: "The evidence suggests that opposition militias summarily executed at least 66 captured members of Gaddafi's convoy in Sirte."
The claims by the group are deeply embarrassing for Nato members that backed the rebel campaign to oust Gaddafi with a no-fly zone. That action – supported by Russia – was authorised because of fears that government forces might massacre civilians.
However, the apparent confirmation that anti-government militia forces were also responsible for war crimes that have yet to be investigated will once again raise serious questions over the nature of some of the groups backed by the west and its allies, some of whom have continued to fuel instability in the country.
"In case after case we investigated, the individuals had been videotaped alive by the opposition fighters who held them, and then found dead hours later," Bouckaert said. "Our strongest evidence for these executions comes from the footage filmed by the opposition forces, and the physical evidence at the Mahari Hotel, where the 66 bodies were found."
"It also looks as if they took Mutassim Gaddafi, who had been wounded, to Misrata and killed him there. Our findings call into question the assertion by Libyan authorities that Muammar Gaddafi was killed in crossfire, and not after his capture."
Among the most powerful new evidence is a mobile phone video clip filmed by opposition militia members that shows a large group of captured convoy members in detention, being cursed at and abused.
Human Rights Watch used hospital morgue photos to establish that at least 17 of the detainees visible in the phone video were later executed at the Mahari Hotel.
Under the laws of war, the killing of captured combatants is a war crime, and Libyan civilian and military authorities have an obligation to investigate war crimes and other violations of international humanitarian law.
A Human Rights Watch research team was nearby when Gaddafi's convoy engaged in its final battle with opposition forces, on 20 October 2011.
Following the battle, the research team visited the site and found more than 100 bodies, most killed in combat.
Two days later, the Human Rights Watch research team found the decomposing remains of at least 53 people at the nearby Mahari Hotel, some with their hands still bound behind their backs.
To document fully what had occurred on 20 October, the team interviewed officers in opposition militias who were at the scene, as well as surviving members of the Gaddafi convoy at the hospital, in custody, and in private homes.
The group also reviewed a large number of video recordings made by opposition forces on their mobile phones, some of which show captured detainees at the site of the final battle. Using Sirte hospital morgue records, Human Rights Watch researchers were able to establish the identities of 17 people last seen alive in custody whose bodies were recovered at the Mahari Hotel.
Among those executed was Ahmed Ali Yusuf al-Ghariyani, 29, a navy recruit originally from Tawergha. In a phone video that is believed to show him in captivity after the battle, militia forces beat, kick and throw shoes at him, and taunt him about being from Tawergha, a town seen as being loyal to Gaddafi. Ghariyani's body was later found at the Mahari Hotel, and was photographed by hospital staff and buried as unidentified body number 86. He was later identified by family members from the photographs taken by the hospital staff.
Journalists who covered the battle for Sirte also saw detainees being abused after their capture.
The owner of a campaign services company is accused of conspiring with a former San Diego Police detective to illegally funnel hundreds of thousand of dollars to local candidates from a wealthy Mexican businessman.
Under federal law, foreign nationals are banned from contributing to American political campaigns.
Federal prosecutors said Ravneet Singh, owner of ElectionMall in Washington — along with former Detective Ernesto Encinas — knew the donations were illegal but said the two men used a “series of increasingly complex techniques,” including shell companies, to hide nearly $300,000 in campaign contributions.
The U.S. Attorney's Office said in a statement:
Singh conspired with former San Diego Police detective Ernesto Encinas and others to funnel more than $500,000 of illegal foreign money into San Diego municipal and federal campaigns, primarily in 2012 and 2013. Singh's company, ElectionMall, Inc., was also charged as a defendant.
Prosecutors said the contributions were made by a wealthy Mexican businessman. Federal officials declined to name the businessman, but KPBS confirmed through a confidential source he is Jose Susomo Azano Matsura. The donations from Azano were first reported in 2012 by San Diego CityBeat.
KPBS has also independently confirmed through the same source that the candidates were San Diego County District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis, former San Diego Mayor Bob Filner and former Assemblyman Nathan Fletcher who ran for mayor in 2012 and in the special mayoral election last year.
A complaint unsealed in court Tuesday states that in 2011 the businessman became interested in influencing San Diego electoral politics. Prosecutors said Encinas made inquiries and learned that foreign nationals cannot donate to U.S. political campaigns.
According to the complaint and sources, Azano and Encinas then created an independent expenditure committee. Such committees can be used to pay for political advertising. The government stated the businessman gave $100,000 to the committee through an American shell company.
Prosecutors said ultimately the committee made $114,000 in expenditures to an unidentified person known only Candidate 1. KPBS has confirmed that candidate was Dumanis.
According to public filings, the committee spent about $86,000 on mailers and related services between May 20-31 in 2012.
The government said email records indicate that in early 2012, Azano agreed to pay Singh and his company ElectionMall $100,000 for social media services to help "Candidate 1." The complaint states that Singh, Encinas and others agreed not to report the campaign-related spending in a public filing.
Dumanis said through a campaign consultant Tuesday her campaign followed the law and didn't coordinate with the independent committee.
Fletcher has said he never took money from people named in the complaint.
Filner has not responded to a request for comment.
The complaint states that the businessman gave to other candidates in addition to those who ran for mayor in 2012 and in last year's special election. KPBS has confirmed that one of the candidates is Congressman Juan Vargas. His office has not responded to a request for comment.
On Wednesday, it was reported Vargas would return approximately $3,500 in campaign funding.
San Diego interim Mayor Todd Gloria and former San Diego Councilman Carl DeMaio also are each returning a $500 donation stemming from the investigation.
The U.S. Attorney's office said in a press release that Encinas wanted the next mayor to fire San Diego Police Chief Bill Lansdowne and pick his replacement.
To view PDF documents, Download Acrobat Reader.
Senate Republicans have a plan to break the Democratic resistance to Donald Trump's Cabinet: Make their delay tactics as excruciating as possible.
With Senate Democrats threatening to drag out the confirmation process for weeks, the GOP is preparing to keep the chamber running around the clock if that's what it takes to speedily confirm Trump's Cabinet. It's the kind of retaliatory strategy that would bring all-night sessions, 3 a.m. votes and a long slog through the first months of Trump's presidency that could sap some of the GOP's legislative momentum.
Story Continued Below
Sen. John Thune, the No. 3 Senate Republican, said the GOP will do “whatever it takes” to get Trump his team as quickly as possible.
Added Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn of Texas: “The Senate can stay in session around the clock; we can stay through the weekend. If [Democrats] want to stay here and demonstrate that they're obstructionists rather than try to work in good faith … then I think they'll pay a price for that.”
The battle is expected to begin soon: Several key committee chairmen said in interviews that some high-profile nominees will likely be ready for a floor vote on Jan. 20, Trump's Inauguration Day.
Shell-shocked after their devastating electoral loss in November, Senate Democrats have rallied behind plans to attack Trump's Cabinet, arguing that his picks are hostile to the working class — not to mention at odds with his “drain the swamp” rhetoric. They say that until they get adequate financial disclosures and ethics and FBI checks, they are prepared to throw up myriad procedural hurdles that disrupt Trump's efforts to install his administration.
In an interview, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) said every one of President Barack Obama's nominees had an ethics report and a 90-day plan to avoid conflicts of interest by Jan. 10, 2009. With a week to go until Jan. 10, Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.) — Trump's pick for attorney general — had checked those boxes, and Republicans said secretary of state selection Rex Tillerson would soon join him.
“Listen, bottom line is, we believe that these nominees need a thorough vetting. And the original intent of doing all of them the first week or two isn't going to work,” Schumer said. “I hope we can come to reasonable agreement; that's what I hope. We're not rushing these through.”
Democrats can't unilaterally block Trump's appointments, but they can drag out the process of each confirmation over multiple days. They can also force the Senate to go into recess to do some confirmation committee hearings if they begin objecting to routine parliamentary agreements that allows panels to meet later in the day.
If Democrats go all-out, the GOP could lose several valuable weeks of floor time. The first few months of a new administration and new Congress are key opportunities to seize on a recent election win and pass new laws.
“The coin of the realm of the U.S. Senate is chamber time. And through obstructionist tactics, they will sap that chamber time, and we have to figure out ways to create it,” said Sen. Thom Tillis (R-N.C.).
But Republicans such as Tillis are willing to work long nights and weekends if necessary. And several senior Republican aides predicted such a slog wouldn't last very long. After Senate Democrats changed the chamber's rules to allow majority confirmations of most nominations in 2013, Republicans retaliated by objecting to Democratic attempts to schedule votes during normal working hours. After a couple of all-nighters, the marathon sessions ended as both parties quickly ran out of steam.
This time around, the GOP believes that if Democrats pull out their dilatory techniques the pressure will increase on moderate Senate Democrats from Trump-leaning states to buck their party and help Republicans move the nominations along.
“They can slow it down, but I'm not sure what that accomplishes for them at the end,” Thune said. “Those tactics or antics will wear thin.”
Some Democrats say this time will be different, though the party must line up legions of energetic speakers if they want to significantly delay the confirmation process. Republicans are preparing to enforce a rule that limits an individual senator to using only one hour of the maximum 30-hour debate time for Cabinet nominees.
“Good for them. I have a lot of energy. I would welcome a chance to work late,” said Sen. Chris Coons (D-Del.) when informed of the GOP's plans.
Democrats have found creative ways to methodically decelerate the confirmation process for Trump's picks. Aside from demanding additional documents from nominees, Schumer is asking that no confirmation hearings be held simultaneously — a demand that Republicans appear to be ignoring as they pack next week's calendar.
And though GOP senators began meeting with the Cabinet hopefuls as soon as they were announced — a common courtesy during the nomination process — Democrats decided as a caucus not to meet with any of Trump's picks until the new year, according to Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin (D-Ill.). That decision was meant to allow freshman senators to be involved in the process and to do it in an “orderly manner,” Durbin said.
Democrats are starting their meetings now: Coons will meet with Tillerson on Wednesday, and Democratic Sens. Dianne Feinstein of California and Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with Durbin, are planning sit-downs with Sessions this week.
But despite calls from Democrats to slow down the process, Republicans are powering ahead with their plan to launch confirmation hearings for several key Trump nominees starting next week.
The Senate Judiciary Committee has scheduled a two-day session for Sessions, and Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) said he is close to scheduling one for Tillerson. Hearings for Labor Department pick Andrew Puzder and Health and Human Services choice Tom Price will follow the next week.
Republican chairmen are planning to hold committee votes on some of those nominees before Trump is even sworn in, an attempt to further expedite their confirmation. Corker said that while he doesn't “want to stuff anybody” by rushing the process, it's his hope that Tillerson receives a committee vote before Inauguration Day.
And Sen. Lamar Alexander (R-Tenn.), who chairs the committee that will process Trump's education secretary pick, Betsy DeVos, and Puzder said the GOP will follow the “golden rule” and treat Trump's nominees just as it did Obama's. In 2009, seven of Obama's nominees were confirmed on Inauguration Day without dissent.
“Both the labor and education secretary hearings were before President Obama was inaugurated. And they were promptly confirmed even though we could have slowed it down if we'd chosen to do that. I see no real obstacle to either one of them to being confirmed promptly,” Alexander said.
After Republicans stonewalled Obama's Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland, Democrats would beg to differ. In an interview, Durbin said his party's cooperation — or lack thereof — “depends on how long it takes them to produce the documents and answer the questions.”
But Republican leaders said once the GOP begins confirming nominees, Democrats will see the writing on the wall and regroup for a fight they can actually win, rather than just delaying the inevitable.
“It's harder to keep your side together if you're losing day after day than if you're winning day after day,” said Sen. Roy Blunt (R-Mo.), a member of GOP leadership. “I just don't think they'll be able to stick with it.”
News of Derrick Rose's knee injury cast a somber mood over the entire NBA on Saturday. At AmericanAirlines Arena, Heat coach Erik Spoelstra and players Dwyane Wade and LeBron James expressed sadness for the former MVP, who will need surgery to correct a torn meniscus.
“I feel extremely bad for him,” James said. “I was actually watching the game last night and that's the one thing that I feared the most, that he had hurt his knee pretty bad. And it sucks. I'm disappointed for him. I'm sad for him. Everything. The guy worked so hard to get back on the floor.”
Rose left the Bulls' game on Friday at Portland's Rose Garden after a non-contact injury to his right knee. He received an MRI in Los Angeles to confirm his torn meniscus. Rose tore the anterior-cruciate ligament in his left knee during 2012 playoffs. He then missed the entire 2012-13 season.
Depending on the extent of the injury, Rose could either have his meniscus removed, shaved away or reattached. Players usually can return from injuries sooner if the meniscus is removed but, in some cases, it can affect them later in their career, according to Wade. Wade had his meniscus removed after his first season at Marquette and said the procedure “opened me up to knee trouble and knee problems.”
Wade wasn't given any options for different procedures in college.
“I wasn't educated on it,” Wade said. “I didn't know. I just knew it was hurting and I wanted it fixed. That was after my first year at Marquette and I never dealt with any injury until that time. It was all new to me and I wanted to get back on the court.”
Wade added that Rose should seek an expert before making a decision on what type of surgery to have, if Rose indeed has an option medically.
"The only thing you can do is hopefully the doctor that you choose will give you the best advice," Rose said. "You just hope the experts give you the best advice and you make the best decision for yourself."
Heat coach Erik Spoelstra learned about Rose's injury just before walking into his pregame news conference with reporters.
“That's horrible news,” Spoelstra said. “As competitors, you have that in a certain box, but at the same time you want to see guys out there. You know how much he has put into getting back to playing and he is too good for the game to not be out there playing.
“If I were just an average fan and not working for the Miami Heat, I would tune into their games to watch Derrick Rose play. So hopefully it's not too bad. Hopefully he can come back soon.”
Next month during the Def Con hacker conference in Las Vegas, security researcher Ben Caudill will unveil a potentially game changing device called a ProxyHam. Without question, the promise of ProxyHam should leave proponents of Internet privacy and anonymity beyond excited.
By relying upon a 900 MHz radio connection, Caudill's device effectively serves as a long-distance Wi-Fi router. Specifically, the ProxyHam can transmit a Wi-Fi connection up to a distance of 2.5 miles in ideal conditions. As a result, even in scenarios where authorities manage to track down a target's Internet connection, they might arrive on the scene (presumably a location with public w-fi access) only to find a ProxyHam device transmitting a low level signal perhaps thousands of feet away in any direction.
DON'T MISS: A Trillion Dollars Got the Army an F-35 That's Worse Than the F-16 It Replaces
The event description for Caudill's upcoming Def Con talk reads:
While a range of technologies (such as ToR) can provide some level of anonymity, a fundamental flaw still exists: a direct relationship between IP address and physical location. If your true IP is ever uncovered, it's game over – a significant threat when your adversary owns the infrastructure. To resolve this issue, I present ProxyHam, a hardware device which utilizes both WiFi and the 900Mhz band to act as a hardware proxy, routing local traffic through a far-off wireless network – and significantly increasing the difficulty in identifying the true source of the traffic. In addition to a demonstration of the device itself, full hardware schematics and code will be made freely available.
Speaking to Motherboard, Caudill explained that his device is ideally intended to be used as a complement to other privacy-oriented tools like Tor.
“We consider this the last or worst case scenario,” Caudill said, “the absolute fallback plan if everything else fails.”
As for the device itself, it's comprised of a Wi-Fi enabled Raspberry Pi computer along with a setup consisting of three antennas. One antenna, naturally, is tasked with connecting to a source Wi-Fi network. The other two antennas work to transmit the Wi-Fi signal at a 900 MHz frequency.
In order to pick up the long-range signal, users will need to plug a 900 MHz antenna into their computer, which will leave your setup looking a little something like this. Not exactly the epitome of mobility, but hey, it seems like a reasonable trade-off to us.
Image source: Adam Cohn
A Wired report sheds some more light on what makes ProxyHam so effective.
To avoid radio detection on the user's end, ProxyHam's wireless signals are designed to look indistinguishable from the many cordless telephones that use the same frequency. And Caudill says the rise of more internet-connected wireless gadgets will provide further cover for ProxyHam users over time. “There are a ton of devices jumping into that space and communicating there,” he says. “It's not feasible to say ‘we'll chase down everyone who has this device communicating on this frequency.' It's a needle in a haystack.”
For instance, some common items that communicate via 900 MHz frequencies include baby monitors and walkie talkies.
As for how ProxyHam might evolve in the future, Caudill tells Motherboard that he and his team are working to make the ProxyHam contraption less conspicuous. Future iterations, for instance, might be small enough as to mimic the outward appearance of a book.
“If you throw this in a library it would take you years to be able to identify it,” Caudill said.
It'll undoubtedly be interesting to hear more about ProxyHam once Caudill officially introduces the device at Def Con 2015, an event slated to kick off on August 6.
This is mostly a fun post, though I hope it may trigger some thinking. Since there is much hype about self driving cars, I decided to express myself artistically and draw a bunch of situations that the current technology most likely would not be able to deal with. Some of them might be funny, some might be dangerous. Answer yourself if you want to be driven by an entity which cannot understand these situations and if you are developing a self driving car, let me know in the comments if such situations could indeed be misinterpreted. I'll start with just a few, it takes time to draw them and I'm not a very good artist. Email me if you have ideas for additional situations.
Artwork 1: Open manhole. Unlike with a regular pothole, driving into open manhole can lead to a disaster. Would a driverless car figure that out? If you consider an open manhole without construction cones an unlikely possibility, take a look at this video.
Artwork 2: Stop sign prank. Somebody (bored teenagers?) put tens of stop signs in a middle of the desert road. Will a driverless car stop by each one of them?
Artwork 3: Fire in a tunnel. An autonomous car approaches a tunnel, but there is something horribly wrong, black smoke is coming out. However, no obstacle registers on the lidar and the road seems clear. The suffocating smoke enters the cabin... If you question if a similar situation can occur, check this video.
Artwork 4: Tornado is crossing the road. Car sensors register high winds, similar to a desert sandstorm, there is however a subtle difference. The car slows down but proceeds. If you consider this scenario to be extremely unlikely check this video as well as many others on youtube.
Artwork 5: What are these guys doing in the middle of nowhere? Are they real soldiers or police? Or are these bad guys? Maybe it is an ambush? The answer may depend on the social/political context. Should the car turn back? Should the car stop?
Artwork 6: The stop sign detached from the school bus and is swinging on the wind in opened position. It is clearly a stop sign of the right size and shape but the context (75 mph on a multi lane freeway) is clearly wrong. What to do??
Exhibit 7. This could not be drawn but instead I've taken a short video. The bright lanes visible on the street in these illumination conditions are actually not the real lanes. These are remnants of a long forgotten construction, overpainted with black paint. However close to noon with sunlight illumination these black marks reflect light very strongly and appear much more visible than real, barely visible in this context lanes. Although this would potentially confuse people as well, the vast majority of the drivers follow the true, barely visible lane, since they likely remember which one is which. Would a self driving car have such ability to memorise thing on the fly? Or would it be confused every time in this situation?
Artwork 8: The spider made his web in a wrong place. Although in this particular example the situation could be salvaged by using input from multiple cameras, it highlights an important point: a device cannot act if one of the sensors is obstructed. Humans easily clean their windshields, use sun shades, move their head when they cannot identify an object. In the extreme case they can get out of the car to inspect the situation directly. A robotic car, though having superior sensors, cannot act on them like humans do and can only rely passively on what those sensors report.
Artwork 9: An avalanche is rolling down the hillside. The car is completely clueless there is any danger, and so it firmly proceeds directly into the danger zone...
Artwork 10: A plane has suffered a major malfunction and in a desperate attempt is landing on the freeway. Although certainly unusual, this situation is relatively easy to understand by a human driver, who would most likely pull to the side of the road to make space for the plane. However for a self driving car, this situation might be impossible to understand. Will it continue driving like nothing had happened and crash into the plane? If you think such situations don't happen, check this and many other similar youtube videos.
The nasty thing about reality is that such situations occur, but occur too rarely to be statistically significant (these are sometimes referred to as long tail events). The exact context of these events also varies enormously. Once you patch one hole, it turns out many others open up. You patch the stop sign prank, it turns out the system is susceptible to the yield sign prank. You patch this, something else surfaces. And as the case with cybersecurity teaches us, as soon as such a susceptibility is evident, there will be people taking advantage of it (more intelligent agents exploiting less intelligent agents). It will be a long time before the self driving car will be on par with humans when it comes to intelligence; until then it may be subject to exploitation by various more or less rouge adversaries (aside from just dealing with the complexity of the world).
These pictures are just meant to serve as a mental exercise to those who either build self driving cars or those who want to use them. Clearly not the usual road conditions, but at the same time not so unusual to be unthinkable. In fact, I've encountered in my driving life at least one such situation. It was not dangerous, but I would have easily been dead by now if I had acted foolishly on it. Would you have that trust in your self driving car?
So would I want an autonomous car? For now, I'd love to have a car which will protect me from the stupid things I could do. It will monitor my surrounding and alert me about obstacles. It may even engage the brakes (or better yet, dampen the accelerator) when for some reason I don't respond. Takes me back when I veer from a lane (if the lane is clearly visible). Monitors if I pay attention and warns me when I get too tired. Helps me park in a tight spot (or even self parks under my supervision). Monitors if someone is holding their fingers in a dangerous place next to the doors (before they close). Warns me of people or animals about to cross the road. Does things mostly in passive way, increasing the safety, leaving the high level decisions to the driver and always allowing for an override. This is a great copilot and many of these features are already available. But not an autopilot. Not yet.
Disclaimer: by autonomous I mean level 5 autonomy, so the passenger does not have any control, possibly not even any awareness of the situation (e.g. lack of transparent windshield). Human inside is entirely at the mercy of the AI driving the car. Level 4 autonomy obviously allows taking over in unusual conditions, but carries its own problems. The question is if the driver would even pay enough attention and be able to act when such situations occur (some of the recent accidents with Tesla autopilot indicate that likely not).
If you found an error, highlight it and press Shift + Enter or click here to inform us.
Related
Comments
comments
Book Review The Name Of The Wind A Book Review The Name Of The Wind A A The Name Of The Wind Author Patrick Rothfuss Publisher Daw
The Name Of The Wind is quite simply the best fantasy novel of the past 10 years, although attaching a genre qualification threatens to damn it with faint praise. Say instead that The Name Of The Wind is one of the best stories told in any medium in a decade. Author Patrick Rothfuss teaches English at the University of Wisconsin-Stevens Point, and he describes himself in self-deprecating terms as a perpetual student, role-playing geek, and connoisseur of rejection letters. That's all about to change. His debut novel combines the intricate stories-within-stories structure of The Arabian Nights with the academic setting of the Harry Potter series, and transforms it all into a brooding, thoroughly adult meditation on how heroism went wrong. More entries in the series, dubbed "The Kingkiller Chronicle," are promised; they can't appear fast enough.
Rothfuss' protagonist initially appears as a village innkeeper named Kote. But when the spider-like Chandrian, demonic beings long relegated to myth, reappear near his town, a Chronicler suspects that Kote is actually the legendary hero Kvothe, and visits to demand his history. The bulk of the novel is the first part of that history, Kvothe's first-person account of his upbringing in a traveling theatrical troupe, his tutelage in the ways of sympathy—natural magic—by an arcanist who joins the band, the death of his parents at the hands of the Chandrian, and his education at the university where he masters the techniques of sympathy, has his heart broken by a melancholy courtesan, and begins to learn the deepest magic of secret names. All this is preface to the revenge he hopes to exact on the creatures who killed his family, yet the rich digressions make for compelling stories on their own: Kvothe's escalating feud with a nobly born student, his dangerous debt to a loan shark to pay for his tuition, the risks he runs to gain access to the library for his Chandrian research after being banned on his first day for carrying a flame into the stacks.
Advertisement
Fantasy is often considered an adolescent medium, but there's nothing juvenile about Kvothe or his story. Not only does Rothfuss sprinkle in the occasional vulgarity (in one bracing moment, Kvothe's beloved blurts out "it's a goddamn huge dragon and it's going to come over here and eat us"), but the aura of tragedy that hovers over this bright, crowded coming-of-age tale conveys a fully mature world-weariness and loss of hope. Shelve The Name Of The Wind beside The Lord Of The Rings, The Deed Of Paksenarrion, and The Wheel Of Time—and look forward to the day when it's mentioned in the same breath, perhaps as first among equals.
Sorry for the huge breaks between posts. I'm fighting pneumonia for the second time in a month, and just taking care of the two kids seems to be doing me in most days. That's not what you're here for though, to hear me complaining, so lets get to the cake!
Bo and Oliver are huge gingerbread fans, and as I was flipping through a magazine at the drug store, I saw a picture of an old fashioned gingerbread cake, so as soon as I got home I started researching recipes. Most of them that I found used a ton of oil, which I wasn't thrilled about, or had complaints about it being dry, so I subbed applesauce for it and the cake came out nice and moist. Let's get to it!
Put your butter and sugar in a large bowl.
Beat them until well combined and fluffy. My helper was very excited about making a cake for Daddy.
Butter and sugar look good.
Beat in the egg.
Add the molasses and apple sauce.
Mix it all up.
Add the flour, baking soda, spices and salt. You really should whisk these together in a seperate bowl first, but my dishwasher still wasn't fixed at this point and I was trying to keep the number of dishes I had to wash down.
Now, add the hot water, and mix.
Beautiful!
Pour it into a 9″ cake pan that you've greased, and bake it for about an hour.
It was so delicious. A nice amount of spice to it, but not over powering. I served mine up with some whipped cream with a bit of cinnamon, and some fresh peaches.
So so yummy, and the kids loved it too.
Here's you printable:
News #FeesMustFall: Wits resembles a warzone as students, security clash
Chaotic scenes close to a warzone unfolded at the University of the Witwatersrand in Johannesburg today. Stones flew from both sides and insults hurled on the stairs at the entry to the Great Hall in clashes between protesting students and private security officers.
A fire extinguisher was used by students in a move that seemed to have overpowered scores of security personnel who found themselves faced with a mob of stone throwers. Armed with baton and riot shield, the security officers took it back to their attackers when they started pelting them with the same stones hurled at them
Overpowered and outnumbered, stoned by those they could not see because students were throwing stones from behind a cloud of a white smoke from a fire distinguisher; security officials started vanishing into the building they had guarded.
Police took to the front and after the dust had settled, protesting students were allowed in. They walked through the broken and damaged doors, stepping on glass splinters from broken windows and doors.
On the Library Lawns, scores of injured protesters received assistance from what appeared to be medical students.
These were some of the ugly scenes at the Wits University main campus as protesting students' returned from shutting down other campuses around the Parktown area.
They had earlier defied the police who wanted them to disperse and not go anywhere near Hillbrow police station, where students who were arrested earlier in the day were being kept.
The students returned to the main campus in a large group, singing and marching all the way down Empire Road.
All was well, until they reached the Library Lawns and realised their way into the Great Hall was blocked. All hell broke loose as they pelted their way into the building.
The protest was in reaction to Higher Education Minister Blade Nzimande's announcement yesterday that fees would increase, but by no more than 8% for the 2017 academic year.
Students have demanded a 0% increase and others reiterated their call for free education for all – which Nzimande said was not affordable for the state.
The Wits students representative council secretary-general Fasiha Hassan said the struggle continued and that students were pressing forward in shutting down the university in order to make their voices heard.
She urged the public to support the students.
“We are appealing to society to support us. Fees Must Fall is not just a student struggle,” Hassan said.
At other campuses Free State
Meanwhile, the University of Free State suspended classes following protests and academic activities disruptions at its campuses today.
“After careful assessment of the situation on the Bloemfontein, Qwaqwa, and South Campuses of the University of the Free State, and engagement with the student representative council, the senior leadership decided this morning to close all its campuses until Friday.
“The decision to suspend academic and administrative services for the rest of this week was taken with caution, as it will ensure the safety of staff, students, and university property,” said university spokesperson Lacea Loader.
This decision was made after all academic activities were suspended on the Bloemfontein Campus yesterday afternoon because of a growing unease and disruption of some academic activities by groups of students, resulting from yesterday morning's announcement on tuition fees.
“Although the university management is in favour of peaceful protests, it condemns these disruptions, especially as it took place during an important time in the academic calendar.”
North West
There were reports of classes disruption at the North West University Mahikeng Campus today. At about R150 million, this university accounted for the highest amount in damages from the last #FeesMustFall protests in which property was torched.
The ministry has estimated cost of damages from all institutions at more than R400 million.
KwaZulu-Natal
Through the sweltering Pietermaritzburg heat, hundreds of students marched in protest over a prospective University of KwaZulu-Natal fee increase.
The students, roused by the chorus of struggle songs, amassed outside Pietermaritzburg's provincial legislature to demand free education.
Meanwhile, News24 reported that, in contrast to the rest of the country, students from the University of KwaZulu-Natal's Howard and Westville campuses in Durban did not embark on any #FeesMustFall protests.
However, security at both campuses was increased dramatically, with eight to 10 guards at the main gates of both campuses.
Port Elizabeth
The Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University advised staff and students to stay off all campuses.
“Essential services will continue, but all academic activities have been suspended for today,” the university said.
Essential services include security, catering, cleaning, health-related services and key technical staff, it said.
Students blocked the south and north campuses in Summerstrand, burning tyres and singing struggle songs while calling for unity. Johannesburg
Meanwhile, a few kilometres away from the drama at Wits, the University of Johannesburg's convocation president Mbali Mkhonto warned students against being used.
“We encourage students to contemplate the minister's announcement to ensure that they are not hoaxed into joining protests that have got absolutely nothing to do with them.
Mkhonto urged students to be aware of those who appropriate legitimate student causes for their personal political ends.
He said students must focus on their studies during this crucial time in the academic calendar.
Cape Town
At the University of Cape Town student protesters made their way through empty lecture halls at the institution after the university decided to suspend classes. Things turned a bit nasty when one student tried to force others out of lecture halls using a sjambok.
The university announced on social media that classes, lectures and tutorials were suspended for Tuesday and Wednesday, advising students to check its website for updates.
The students made their way through upper campus, with their numbers growing along the way.
Earlier on Tuesday morning, police warned about 30 students blockading the road leading to upper campus with two canoes, a car, a bench and a tree branch that they were obstructing a public road and would face “procedure” should they not remove the objects.
The students demanded a court order and remained seated before making their way to the lecture halls. No clashes with police were reported.
The University of the Western Cape said it had not yet made a final decision on its fees for next year. But this morning, there were no obstructions at campus entrances and lectures continued without interruptions, said the university's spokesperson Luthando Tyhalibongo.
He said the proposed department subsidisation of fee increases for some students would benefit a significant proportion of their students.
The majority of students fell within the “missing middle” and National Student Financial Aid Scheme-eligible categories. – Additional reporting by News24
Donald Trump's wholehearted support of racism is forcing Mississippi's Civil Rights Museum to keep him away from the movement heroes who will attend the opening.
Donald Trump's toxic racism is forcing the Mississippi Civil Rights Museum to hold a separate event to cater to him, away from public scrutiny, on its opening day.
NBC News reports that the White House and local authorities were pushed to create an event segregated from the previously scheduled public ceremony after key civil rights leaders and speakers decided to boycott Trump.
Perhaps seeking to avoid boos and other public expressions of displeasure, Trump will “tour the museum and speak at a private program in the morning, and the public ceremony will begin afterward.”
Mississippi Republican Gov. Phil Bryant, an avowed Trump supporter, made the invitation, apparently unconcerned with melding an event celebrating racial inclusivity with a man who has openly embraced white supremacy.
NBC reports that several people affiliated with the museum “had no idea” the governor had made the offer, and only learned about it earlier in the week.
Georgia Democratic Rep. John Lewis, a civil rights icon who headed the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) and helped to organize the 1963 March on Washington, is the most prominent figure who recoiled at Trump's invitation.
Lewis issued a joint statement with Mississippi Democratic Rep. Bennie Thompson announcing that they would not be attending. “President Trump's attendance and his hurtful policies are an insult to the people portrayed in this civil rights museum,” the two representatives noted.
In response, the Trump White House had the nerve to lecture Lewis, insinuating that he does not understand the civil rights movement. Lewis lived the movement, and bled for it.
The NAACP called on Trump not to attend and said his presence would be an “affront” to civil rights heroes.
Chokwe Lumumba — the Democratic mayor of Jackson, Mississippi, and former Secretary of the Navy — and Mississippi Democratic Gov. Ray Mabus also said they would not attend because of Trump.
Trump is a racist who has used the office of the presidency to praise and extol the virtues of white supremacists. He has targeted black athletes for protesting police brutality, while attacking the Latino and Muslim communities.
Through his attorney general, Jeff Sessions, Trump has sought to enable police brutality targeted at minority communities, while attacking programs like affirmative action.
Trump is diametrically opposed to American equality and justice. He tried — as he so often has — to hijack a civil rights moment to polish his tarnished public record. He is again facing a grassroots rejection, and will be forced away from normal Americans. Instead, he will be surrounded in his sycophantic bubble.
As usual.
ADVERTISEMENT
In the West, we still tend to think that social progress is like river tubing, we just have to hop on board, pop open a brew, and float to Shangri-La. Women's rights? Check! Civil rights? We passed that ages ago! LGBT equality? Just relax, man! We'll get there.
The sobering truth is that things don't get better on their own, no matter what Dan Savage wants you to believe. In fact, if you belong to a member of a marginalized group, you probably are acutely aware that things can get worse. Much worse. If, like me, you're a woman on the internet, you're probably starting to realize just how bad things can get.
Women on YouTube, for example, are opening up about the sort of harassment and abuse they face every day on their channels, from sexist slurs to unwanted sexual advances to threats of murder and rape. At this summer's VidCon, a conference for YouTube creators, women talked about the effects of YouTube harassment on their feelings of personal security and their ability to produce content.
Most worrying of all is the fact that many female content creators leave YouTube after their very first video because of the sorts of comments they receive. These women learn all too quickly that the price they have to pay to be a YouTube personality is a sense of security and emotional wellbeing. If you're a man, imagine walking into a store only to be greeted by waves of employees throwing dog shit at you. You'd leave, too.
So now that we live in a world where women can't even speak without being harassed, it's probably worth asking ourselves where we even got this idea that the world was going to magically become a good place if we just waited long enough? Picture a bunch of wealthy white British dudes writing treatises with feather pens while perched on top of piles of gold and that's essentially the source of popular attitudes surrounding social change in the West.
Yes, it's an Enlightenment-era notion, this idea things will just get better on their own. Historians refer to it alternately as the Idea or the Myth of Progress, the belief that technological and social progress are inevitable, and that these two kinds of progress go hand in hand. As long as capitalists and entrepreneurs do their job, reason, truth, and justice will eventually prevail.
But if you want proof that technological progress and social progress don't go hand in hand, women's status on the internet is Exhibit A. Services like YouTube have allowed women to create communities of support and discussion surrounding shared media interests. It's also allowed women to reclaim ownership over discussions of fashion, beauty, girlhood, and motherhood, on a massive scale.
But the Internet has also made it much easier for men to manipulate, harass, abuse, stalk, and, yes, physically harm women.This past weekend, I was on a panel with some members of Nostalgia Chick, a set of veteran media critics who often include feminist perspectives in their videos. They told me that the Internet, in many ways, has become a less hospitable place for them to do their work over the years.
And I believe it. Between 4Chan, Men's Rights Activist groups, the Reddit Red Pill community, pick-up artist (PUA) groups, and anti-PUA groups like the one that Elliot Rodger clung to so dearly, the internet has allowed men to band together more efficiently than ever before to threaten and antagonize women. Every woman with an online presence has a story to share about unwanted contact, sexual harassment, and predatory behavior.
(iStock)
As if this baseline level of sexist filth and grossness on sites like Facebook, YouTube, and OkCupid weren't enough, men can now easily create coordinated harassment campaigns to abuse and threaten female creators. Female game developer Zoë Quinn, for example, faced waves of harassment and abuse simply because she submitted a game to a popular distribution service.
As women, we're often told that this internet harassment is "not real," that it's "just the internet," that we need to expect it and develop "thicker skin." Women internalize these ideas, too, or at least accept that we can't turn back the tides of abuse that we have to deal with. Akila Hughes, a YouTube beauty blogger, said at VidCon that she was "lucky" to have grown up with the Internet because she's grown "thick skin" and knows what to expect.
And yet, as women, we know that, no matter how thick our hides might be, the emotional effects and physical dangers of internet harassment are all too real. We experience real pain as a result of the sexism we face daily but men on the internet constantly dismiss, trivialize, or joke about the abuse that we face.
Feminist writer Katherine Cross-refers to this disavowal of internet abuse as a Möbius strip: "The internet is presented to us as a mobius strip of reality and unreality — real when it's convenient, unreal when it is not." This allows "inhumane behavior" to seem "inevitable," and it forces us all to accept it as our natural condition in this world.
But it's all real. We have to accept that the most popular media sharing site on Earth also harbors some of the most vile people. As The Mary Sue reports, citing a scientific study, "trolls on YouTube are more frequent and make more sexist, emotional, and irrelevant comments than on other parts of the Internet." YouTube is one of the easiest ways for women to talk to one another; it's also one of the most fertile breeding grounds for abusive male pests.
The harassment that women face online is all too real. The internet didn't make men into sexist assholes; they were sexists assholes to begin with. The internet just provides them with easier and more public ways to display their terribleness at the expense of women's health and wellbeing. Worse, it creates new places like Red Pill in which men can reinforce and encourage each other's sexist behavior.
YouTube comments aren't "just the internet." They're not the product of a group of otherwise nice guys who suddenly become evil when they wear a veil of anonymity. YouTube comments are actually a nightmarish glimpse into the sexist attitudes that define the fabric of our own existence in the "real world," a world that, like YouTube, is owned and dominated by men. The most terrifying gift that the internet has given us is that it's shown us how men honestly perceive the world: as a place where women exist exclusively for their sexual pleasure.
In the wake of VidCon, and as more and more women start speaking up about the harassment they face online, it's time to start realizing that our narrative of progress is deeply flawed. Things aren't getting better for women on the internet; they're deteriorating and ignoring the problem amounts to being complicit in it.
Enlightenment thinkers believed technological advances could save us all. But John Locke never could have seen 4Chan coming. It's time for us to shed this dangerous habit of thought and start taking the abuse enabled by new technology seriously.
From our friends at The Daily Dot, by Samantha Allen.
More from The Daily Dot...
North Delhi Municipal Corporation has roped in telecom operator Reliance Jio Infocomm to roll out wifi network in central Delhi by June this year, as per sources. "NDMC has asked Reliance Jio to install wifi network in area that falls under its jurisdiction. RJio has been asked to complete roll out by June," an official source told PTI.
Government has set December 2015 deadline to cover cities and towns with population of over 10 Lakhs as well as tourist destinations with Wi-Fi services as part of Prime Minister's pet project of 'Digital India'. Top 25 cities have to achieve this target by June 2015.
Reliance Jio will use street light pillar to install wifi equipments which will give high speed to users.
Roll out in NDMC areas will benefit individual users in areas like Lutyens Delhi, Government Offices, Embassies, Central Marketing areas, CBD and NDMC colonies. "Reliance Jio has already started installation and have expressed to complete roll out before June," the source said.
Reliance Jio has also announced to roll out 4G telecom services across country in around 5,000 towns and cities, accounting for over 90 per cent of urban India and over 215,000 villages.
As per the rules, August 2015 is the deadline for all companies which won BWA spectrum in 2010 to roll out the services in at least 90 per cent of the service areas. Failing that, the Department of Telecom will have the right to withdraw the radiowaves given to the companies.
Duron Carter is an explosive receiver in every sense.
He is capable of making game-breaking plays or, alternatively, creating a chasm within a team due to his combustible nature.
Saskatchewan Roughriders head coach and general manager Chris Jones is apparently willing to live with any baggage Carter may carry.
Justin Dunk of 3downnation.com reported Sunday that the Roughriders are “on the verge” of signing Carter, who was dumped by the Montreal Alouettes late last season. He had earlier clashed with quarterback Rakeem Cato.
Last summer, Carter had controversially bumped into Ottawa Redblacks head coach Rick Campbell after scoring a touchdown. That indiscretion earned Carter a one-game suspension.
Dunk, citing multiple sources, noted that Carter's deal with Saskatchewan “will likely not include any up-front money” and be worth roughly $130,000 during the 2017 CFL season.
Considering those terms, the Roughriders would be assuming little, if any, risk by signing the 25-year-old Carter.
And the upside would be enormous.
When the immensely talented Carter is on his game, it is something to see.
So why not give him a shot?
If Carter can reach, or even approach, peak form without being a disruptive influence, the Roughriders stand to reap huge rewards.
Failing that, the Roughriders can simply cashier Carter without feeling any financial pain, considering the reported lack of up-front money.
The emergence of a quarterback who engenders respect would help from two standpoints: (1) The Roughriders would have someone to feed the football to Carter; and, (2) A bona-fide leader at football's most crucial position could help to deal with any of Carter's eccentricities.
Darian Durant would have given the Roughriders such a field general. But, of course, he is now a member of the Alouettes — and Carter is reportedly headed in the opposite direction.
Interesting times, indeed.
rvanstone@postmedia.com
twitter.com/robvanstone
September 19, 1580 – Death of Catherine Willoughby
Catherine Willoughby has always been fascinating to me, and today is a fitting day to raise a glass in her memory and talk about her life. A few salient points:
She was the daughter of Maria de Salinas, Catherine of Aragon's most devoted lady in waiting, but became so associated with the reform movement that she had to flee England when Mary I came to the throne. (When she was in Katherine Parr's household, she actually named her spaniel “Gardiner” so that she could amuse the rest of them by calling it to heel)
She became the ward of Charles Brandon, Duke of Suffolk, when she was nine – and his wife when she turned fourteen (he was forty-nine at the time…).
It would seem that Henry was attracted to her for years. There was even a rumor right after Brandon died in 1545 that Henry was considering divorcing Katherine Parr to marry her. It was said that the impetus was that Katherine was barren since she had never had children, while Catherine was fertile, having already borne two sons. It never came to pass.
After Thomas Seymour's execution, Catherine was given the wardship of the infant Mary, his daughter with Katherine Parr – despite clearly not wanting it. The child brought no financial benefit since Katherine Parr had left her entire estate to Thomas Seymour, and his estate had been forfeited to the state when he was convicted of treason. At the same time, as the daughter of a former Queen she required certain expensive formalities. Catherine wrote to Secretary of State William Cecil asking for funds to cover those costs. It is not clear whether they were granted, but the issue disappeared since the baby died around her second birthday.
Right now, I'm working on the sequel to Jane the Quene (tentatively entitled The Path to Somerset) so I've been reading up on Catherine and the events of the second three-queen set of Henry's life (the final book in the trilogy will The Boy King, covering Edward's accession to his death – I'm not quite up to that yet). I'm still working out how much of my fascination to indulge, and how much of it will be distracting to the story…Anyone who would like to weigh in, I'd love to hear from you!
***
If you like my posts, you'll love my books! The Path to Somerset came out on August 24 – have you ordered your copy yet? Click on the photo to be taken to Amazon.Com:
(What? You haven't read Jane the Quene yet? Here are some easy links to Amazon.Com, Amazon.Co.UK and Amazon.Com.Au!)
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
An old train shipped from Japan to Indonesia connected two men by chance, thanks to a smartphone lost on the train.
Shota Noda, 21, a university student from Zama, Kanagawa Prefecture, lost his smartphone on the train while it was in operation in Japan. The phone was found about 5,800 kilometers away in Jakarta and returned to Noda this summer, seven months after he lost it. Since then, Noda has promoted his friendship with Syahri Rochmat, 24, the Indonesian railroad employee who found the phone.
At a Jakarta port in late December last year, Rochmat, an engineer of the capital's metropolitan railway company PT KAI Commuter Jabodetabek (KCJ), came across the smartphone when he was checking and cleaning the used train shipped from Japan before it runs in Indonesia. The train used to operate on the JR Nanbu Line connecting Kawasaki Station with Tachikawa Station in Tokyo. When Rochmat removed a bench seat to check inside, he saw a smartphone fall to the floor. It had apparently been stuck between the seat back and the bench.
He also found a student identification card kept in the pocket of the smartphone case. It must have belonged to a Japanese person since the train came from Japan, but Rochmat could not read Japanese. So he posted a thumbnail photo of the ID card on Twitter asking tweeters to help find the man.
Rochmat is a Japanese railway enthusiast, even making T-shirts with prints of Japanese trains and wearing them at his workplace. He also has Japanese friends living in Asia. He tweeted in Indonesian, and his fellow rail fanatics found his tweet. One of them contacted the university Noda attends.
Message from afar
On Jan. 11, Noda, a senior at Yokohama National University, received a message in English on his Facebook page. His photo on the student identification card was attached. The message asked if the card belonged to him. Noda quickly understood what the message meant.
He had lost his smartphone and identification card on a Nanbu Line train on Dec. 5, 2015. He had called the train operator daily and had even turned in a report on the lost items at a police station, but all in vain. Noda had given up, asking the university to reissue his ID card while using an old smartphone.
Only later did Noda discover why his phone was found in Indonesia.
According to East Japan Railway Co.'s Yokohama Branch Office, last year the company sold 120 used 205 series train cars to Indonesia and the smartphone was found on one of those cars. The train car Noda had been riding in on Dec. 5 was being prepared for shipment to Indonesia the very next day for its second life.
Syahri Rochmat (left) in this Twitter profile picture.(Twitter.com/Syahri Rochmat)
In-person pickup
Noda tried to ask Rochmat to send the smartphone back via international mail, but soon gave up because he could not clearly convey his request translated by online machine translation. He decided to go to Jakarta to pick up the phone directly as he had finished job hunting in June.
On July 27, the two met at a station in Jakarta for the first time and Noda received his smartphone and ID card from Rochmat. They took a picture together using the “miracle smartphone” to commemorate the meeting.
In August, Rochmat visited Tokyo and Noda took him around the city. In a twist of fate, Rochmat accidentally left his bag of souvenirs on a train's overhead rack, but the bag was sent to a lost and found office of a nearby station, Rochmat said.
The friendship between Rochmat and Noda became an internet topic. Noda has even received friend requests from a number of Indonesian railway fans on his Facebook page.
“This smartphone and new friendship are precious to me,” Noda said.
Reusing trains globally
Japanese railway companies have shipped used trains to countries around the world at the time of model changes to higher-end cars.
Indonesia used to import new trains. However, the country suffered financial difficulty caused by an economic crisis in the late 1990s and switched to importing used train cars from Japan.
Since 2009, KCJ has received 844 train cars that used to operate on the Nanbu Line, the Toei subway lines and other lines, with or without having to provide compensation.
Meanwhile, old trains that used to operate on the Tokyo Metro's Marunouchi subway line have been running on a subway line in Buenos Aires.
“Japanese trains are highly evaluated globally in terms of their safety and energy-saving capability,” an official of the Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism Ministry said.
The Japanese government has positioned the export of infrastructure as a pillar of its growth strategy. The amount of orders that Japan received from overseas in 2014 was about 19 trillion yen and the government aims to boost the figure to about 30 trillion yen in 2020. Of that amount, 7 trillion yen is expected to be procured from the transportation field.
UK servicemen and women have been drinking Naafi tea since 1921
The tea served to Britain's servicemen and women for nearly 90 years is to go on sale to help raise money for troops injured in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Naafi Break, created by the Navy, Army and Air Force Institutes (Naafi), will be available in 80 branches of Spar.
It is the first time the UK-made tea has been sold on the High Street.
Naafi, which supplies tea to troops in Afghanistan, said it would donate 50p from every box sold to the charity, Help for Heroes.
Naafi chief executive Reg Curtis said: "Our famous Naafi tea has been the beverage of choice for the British armed forces since 1921 and we are delighted to work with Spar to ensure it is widely available for everyone to enjoy for the first time in history."
The Naafi organisation was created by the British government in 1921 to run recreational establishments needed by the armed forces and sell goods to servicemen and women and their families.
It runs clubs, bars, shops, supermarkets, launderettes, restaurants and cafes at most British military bases and also canteens on board Royal Navy ships.
NAPERVILLE (CBS) — Zachary P. Ramirez said he was in a hurry–to have sex.
That, according to police, is why he was driving over 100 miles per hour in Naperville.
The 21-year-old motorist got pulled over recently, after a patrol officer clocked him driving 111 mph through a section of the Springbrook Prairie Forest Preserve, where the speed limit is posted at 45 mph.
LISTEN: WBBM Newsradio's Pat Cassidy reports
https://cbschicago.files.wordpress.com/2012/04/mp3_bc_-wav_carts_speeder-cassidy.mp3
Police asked Ramirez where he was going in such a hurry. Ramirez reputedly replied he was “trying to go have sex with a girl he liked.”
Police Sgt. Gregg Bell said Ramirez's troubles began about 2:06 a.m. Saturday, when an officer was on patrol and on the lookout for speeders along a stretch of Plainfield-Naperville Road.
The officer noted a black, 1994 Honda Prelude driving north from 87th Street, Bell said. The officer's radar unit initially clocked the car traveling at 104 mph “and finally locked at 111 (mph),” he said.
Bell said the motorist, later identified as Ramirez, continued driving north after running a red light at the intersection of 75th Street and Plainfield-Naperville Road. Ramirez also allegedly ran a stop sign before a second officer stopped his car near Oswego and River roads in the Countryside neighborhood.
Ramirez, “when asked why he was traveling so fast, replied he was trying to go have sex with a girl he liked,” Bell said.
To add to his woes, police allegedly found 0.2 grams of marijuana during a search of his car.
Ramirez faces trial on charges of speeding 40 mph or more over the statutory limit, possession of 2.5 grams or fewer of marijuana, reckless driving, disobeying a traffic control signal and disobeying a stop sign, according to records on file in DuPage County Circuit Court in Wheaton.
Ramirez is free on $200 bond. His arraignment date is pending.
(Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2012. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
Supposed Stickler For Transparency, FCC Boss Won't Release Net Neutrality Complaints
from the only-transparent-when-it-suits-Comcast dept
When Ajit Pai was first appointed as the new head of the FCC, he promised to be a stickler for transparency at the agency. And in one way he followed through, by making it standard operating procedure to now publish FCC orders a month before they're voted on (even though former staffers and consumer advocates believe he only did so to give ISP lobbyists more time to construct counter-arguments and their legal and policy assaults). Elsewhere, this supposed dedication to transparency has been decidedly lacking however, especially in regards to his efforts to repeal net neutrality protections.
When he first proposed killing popular net neutrality protections (pdf), he insisted he would proceed "in a far more transparent way than the FCC did" when it first crafted the rules in 2015. But Pai has also long tried to argue that a lack of broadband competition (and the resulting symptom of this disease that is net neutrality violations) isn't a real problem, despite the obvious, repeated evidence to the contrary.
There's of course some very solid evidence that can clarify whether or not net neutrality is a "solution in need of a problem," and that's the 47,000 (give or take) complaints consumers have filed with the FCC since the rules were passed in 2015. Back in May, the National Hispanic Media Coalition (NHMC) filed Freedom of Information Act (FoIA) request to obtain copies of these complaints, and urged the FCC to extend the public comment period on the net neutrality proceeding for sixty days, providing time to analyze the data.
The group has repeatedly argued these complaints are relevant in analyzing whether or not Pai's attempt to repeal the rules runs contrary to the public interest:
"The commission's Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) that proposes overturning the net neutrality rules asks the public for comment on various issues. The NHMC points out that the document asks the public if there is "evidence of actual harm to consumers" or evidence that Internet access has improved since the net neutrality rules were approved. Those questions could be answered by releasing all the net neutrality complaints, the group says. " These questions seek evidence that the Commission holds in its exclusive possession ," the NHMC said in its motion for a delay.
Not too surprisingly, Pai's FCC is blocking the release of these complaints, insisting that providing public access to the complaints would be "unreasonably burdensome." The NHMC, also unsurprisingly, isn't particularly impressed with the agency's justification for withholding the complaints:
"The FCC's denial of our motion is shortsighted, denies the public critical information, and flies in the face of their acknowledgment that they have received over 47,000 open Internet complaints since the 2015 net neutrality rules were enacted. It should give the public pause that the agency with exclusive control over regulating Internet service providers refuses to share such information with the public. The information is within the FCC's exclusive control and was completely ignored in the NPRM."
If you've been playing along at home, refusing to release valid user complaints outlining genuine net neutrality concerns runs in line with the agency's attempts to downplay public opposition to its proposal. That has also included turning a blind eye to fraud and abuse of the FCC's comment system, which is currently being filled with bot-crafted industry "support" for the FCC's tone-deaf plan. The goal, consistently, has been to downplay public support for net neutrality, while pushing the illusion that repealing the rules is anything more than a giant, shameless gift to AT&T, Comcast and Verizon.
And while Ajit Pai clearly thinks he can bulldoze his way through transparency and operational apathy concerns, these are all certain to come up again during the inevitable lawsuits against the agency -- all of which will highlight how Pai and friends blatantly ignored the public interest to the exclusive benefit of a handful of extremely-unpopular duopolists.
Filed Under: ajit pai, complaints, fcc, net neutrality, transparency
× BUSTED: 12 federally indicted after Washington Co. Sheriff's officials, DEA take down “molly” drug ring
WASHINGTON COUNTY (WITI) — The Washington County Sheriff's Department, and the DEA are being credited for taking down a large “molly” drug ring — and 12 individuals have been federally indicted.
United States Attorney James Santelle announced on Monday, July 21st 12 defendants have been indicted in federal court with conspiracy to import and distribute methylone — a Schedule 1 controlled substance. Methylone is also known as MDMA, or “molly.”
The majority of those indicted are from Beloit.
Those indicted are as follows:
25-year-old Kirk R.C. Mickelson (aka Kurt Cobain, Captain Kirk, Captain) of Beloit
22-year-old Briana Ketelsen (aka Bree) of Beloit
40-year-old Bryan Eason (aka B, Unc, Uncle) of Illinois
31-year-old Michael Miller of Minneapolis
26-year-old Leanna Porter of Beloit
49-year-old Connie Ketelsen of Beloit
25-year-old Amy Ketelsen of Beloit
52-year-old Wendell Thompson Eason of Hampton, New Hampshire
23-year-old Allen Arthur Strzyzykowski of Janesville
23-year-old Anthony Longtin (aka Toby, Little Hitter) of Janesville
24-year-old Martel Earl (aka Tel) of Beloit
31-year-old Scott Robert Beckwith (aka Face)
According to information released in court, in 2012, the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Washington County Sheriff's Department began an investigation into a poly-drug group.
One of the main drugs the group trafficked in was Methylone. Methylone is also known by the street names “Molly” or “M-1,” and is part of a family of synthetic, designer drugs commonly known as “bath salts.” Methylone is a Schedule I controlled substance.
The indictment alleges that from October 2011 through July 1, 2014, the defendants listed in the table above knowingly and intentionally conspired to import, distribute and possess with intent to distribute Methylone.
If convicted each defendant faces up to 20 years imprisonment, a $250,000 fine and a minimum of three years supervised release.
In addition, Kirk R.C. Mickelson and Bryan F. Eason (B.F. Eason) were charged with Use and Brandishing of Firearms and Ammunition in furtherance of a Drug Conspiracy. If convicted they will face an additional seven years to life imprisonment. B.F. Eason was also charged with Intimidation of a Witness. If convicted B.F. Eason will face an additional 20 years imprisonment, a $250,000 fine and a minimum of five years supervised release.
In a separate but related indictment, a thirteenth defendant identified as Robert Bero (age: 21) formerly of West Bend was charged with Conspiracy to Distribute Methylone and Distribution of Methylone, a Schedule I Controlled Substance. If convicted he faces up to 20 years imprisonment, a $250,000 fine and a minimum of three years supervised release on each count.
The defendants were charged based on a lengthy joint investigation by the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Washington County Multi-jurisdictional Drug Task Force.
Also assisting in the investigation were the Rock County Sheriff's Department, Homeland Security Investigations, the U.S. Postal Service, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Wisconsin Department of Justice – Division of Criminal Investigations, and the Maui Police Department. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Karine Moreno-Taxman.
“This important law enforcement action—identifying, apprehending, and bringing to justice a group of people whose drug dealing and related criminal conduct has compromised the safety and security of communities in Washington County, throughout the Eastern District of Wisconsin, in Hawaii, Illinois, Minnesota, and elsewhere—reflects the continuing, targeted, and effective work that we pursue on behalf of all of the people of our nation. The result of that focused investigative and prosecution strategy is that thirteen defendants have been charged with engaging in a sophisticated conspiracy to distribute Methylone and to profit from the subsequent sale of it. The fact that virtually all of them are now in custody, facing significant prison terms and likely to lose the assets that they have acquired, is rightly viewed as the appropriate and anticipated response to this kind of destructive behavior. It is also representative of the sort of success that we have in combating the illegal acquisition, transfer, sale, and distribution of illegal drugs of all kinds,” Santelle said.
Santelle specifically commended the professional work of all of the agencies participating in the investigation of the case and, in particular, the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Washington County Multi-jurisdictional Drug Task Force.
Jack Riley, Special Agent-in-Charge of the Chicago Field Division of the Drug Enforcement Administration, which includes Wisconsin, praised the dedication and teamwork of the agents, officers and prosecutors involved in this investigation.
“The indictments of these 12 individuals, should serve as a notice to criminal networks that allegedly traffic in narcotics that the Drug Enforcement Administration and its law enforcement partners stand shoulder to shoulder in our commitment and we will use every legal avenue available to hold the leaders of those organizations accountable,” Riley said.
Waukesha County Sheriff Dale Schmidt issued the following statement: “Although not front and center in the news, these types of synthetic drugs are very dangerous to the user. Multi-State synthetic drug conspiracy cases require a high level of knowledge and skill to investigate. The Washington County MJDG Detectives have these skills, and I am pleased they were able to work with the DEA and US Attorney to end this group's distribution of the drug in the Washington County area.”
Tusks from over 6,000 illegally killed elephants will be set alight in Nairobi national park to highlight the poaching crisis
Tusks from more than 6,000 illegally killed elephants will be burned in Kenya on Saturday, the biggest ever destruction of an ivory stockpile and the most striking symbol yet of the plight of one of nature's last great beasts.
The ceremonial burning in Nairobi national park at noon will be attended by Kenya's president, Uhuru Kenyatta, heads of state including Ali Bongo Ondimba of Gabon and Yoweri Museveni of Uganda, high-ranking United Nations and US officials, and charities. A wide network of conservation groups around the world have sent messages applauding the work.
On Friday, Kenyatta said Kenya would seek a “total ban on the trade in elephant ivory” at an international wildlife trade meeting in South Africa this September. “The future of the African elephant and rhino is far from secure so long as demand for their products continues to exist,” he said.
On Saturday about 105 tonnes of elephant ivory and 1.5 tonnes of rhino horn will burn in 11 large pyres, about seven times the amount previously burned in a single event. The bonfire, so big it will take about four hours to burn completely, highlights the continuing crisis in elephant populations. About 30,000 to 50,000 elephants a year were killed from 2008 to 2013 alone, according to the Born Free Foundation, and the rate of killing is outstripping the rate of births in Africa.
Prior to the burning, as much scientific and educational information as possible has been extracted, and Kenya will be left with about 20 tonnes of ivory that are still going through the legal process.
Ronnie Wood, the Rolling Stone and patron of the Tusk charity, was among celebrities speaking out ahead of the burn: “It makes me so sad to think that in another 15 years or so elephants, rhinos and even lions could have disappeared from the wild, denying our children the experience of knowing and loving them. We just cannot allow that to happen.”
Kenya first burned ivory in 1989, under president Daniel Arap Moi, as a symbol of its determination to protect its remaining elephant population, which had fallen 90% in the previous 15 years, from 168,000 to 15,000 elephants.
Four countries – Kenya, Gabon, Uganda and Botswana – have among them more than half of Africa's remaining elephants. The presidents will meet ahead of the burning to discuss new ways of preventing poaching, including a call to close down the world's remaining legal ivory markets, at the conference of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (Cites), in Johannesburg this September.
Iain Douglas-Hamilton, founder of Save the Elephants, said that cooperation among African countries was essential. “This [meeting] gives hope that there is political will to take on the challenges of poaching, trafficking, and high-level corruption that threaten the continent's natural heritage.”
Burning seized ivory is a highly public symbol of the fight to save the elephant from extinction. Burning or crushing puts the ivory beyond use, preventing it from fuelling the world's ivory markets, legal and illegal, as a way of stamping out that trade. More than a dozen countries have held similar public destructions of endangered animal products, including Malaysia, Hong Kong and the United Arab Emirates.
Some countries have tried allowing limited exploitation, for hunting and trophies, of their remaining “charismatic megafauna” as a method of conservation. Last year, the limited permitted hunting of big game was brought to global attention when the lion Cecil was shot, sparking widespread outrage and a ban on lion trophy imports by France which was joined by the Netherlands banning them on Friday.
In 2008, the ban on ivory was temporarily lifted to allow stockpiles to be sold to the profit of the countries that owned them. But according to campaigners this resulted in a “spike” in poaching, with about 100,000 elephants lost as a result.
This approach should be abandoned, according to a wide range of NGOs. “All experiments to permit a legal, controlled trade in ivory have failed,” said Daniela Freyer, co-founder of Pro Wildlife. “We can turn the tide if we close the legal markets that enable laundering of ivory from poached elephants or leaked from stockpiles.”
Other methods of discouraging poaching, such as removing tusks and dyeing rhino horns, have been tried to limited effect. Poaching has been fuelled by conflict, as well as organised crime, in many parts of Africa, where militias have used their arms, helicopters and jeeps to wage war on the wardens of conservation areas and on local populations.
Campaigners are also clear on the need for buyers of ivory to be targeted in campaigns to stop the trade. Ivory, rhino horn and other parts of endangered animals, including tiger skins, are sometimes use in Chinese medicine, but potentially a bigger problem is their use in high-status gifts in some Asian countries.
China officially disapproves of such gifts, and there have been moves to discourage and close down domestic markets, but widespread trade continues and it is not known when China's pledges to stop it will be fulfilled.
“Ending the demand is absolutely key, but we don't know how long this will take,” said Max Graham, chief executive of Kenyan charity Space for Giants. “We are already losing tens of thousands of elephants a year from a population of perhaps less than 400,000, and we desperately need a holding position.”
He called for “robust frontline protection, investment to reduce the cost and increase the benefits to local people of conserving elephants, and global efforts to cut demand for ivory”.
UEFA has announced the prize money pool for 2017-18 Champions League season and around €1.3 billion will be distributed among Champions League participants from qualifying rounds to the final. Last year Real Madrid beat Juventus in the Final of 2017 Champions League to retain the title but it was Juventus who took home bigger chunk of Prize Money. Real Madrid made around €89.5 million (thats €54.2m in performance based money and another €35.3m in market pool) While Juventus pocketed €101.1 million ($50.6m in market pool and another €51.1m performance based). Below is the entire breakdown and explanation on how UEFA distribute Champions League tv money.
UEFA has announced several major changes ahead of the 2017-18 Champions League season and that includes increase in prize money plus 15% increase in TV market share for premier league teams. We take a in-depth look at how UEFA distribute champions league revenue among teams across whole Europe.
Distribution system explained: The estimated yearly gross revenue from all UEFA competitions (Champions League, Europa League, UEFA Super Cup) is centralized and placed in 1 pot. UEFA estimates around €2.35 billion to be generated in 2017-18. From central pot 12% (€282m) is deducted by UEFA for Admin and competition costs another 8% (€199.7m) is used as solidarity payments to clubs and national FAs.
From remaining €1.86 billion another 8% is reserved by UEFA for European football and remain with UEFA. The rest €1.7187 billion is used to distribute among clubs in both Champions league and Europa League. For 2017-18 season €1.3189 billion is allocated for Champions League pot and €399.8 million for Europa League.
2017-18 Prize Money Fund: UEFA Champions League is by far the highest prize money paying competition in the world, yeah thats right even more than Football World Cup and for 2017-18 season we see another 10% increase compared to 2015-16 season where €1.257 billion was distributed among teams in champions league from playoffs to the winners. We take a look at this years champions league funds and how they will be distributed.
UEFA Champions League 2017-18 Prize Money Fund Distribution:
So how does the distribution of €1.3189 billion works among Champions League participant and teams who play in Champions League qualifiers but fail to reach group stages. The total prize money pool (€1.3189 billion) is divided into two portions.
A). Fixed Amount (€761.9 million) awarded according to how the teams finished and performance related bonuses.
awarded according to how the teams finished and performance related bonuses. B). Market Pool (€507 million) . Part of UEFA's TV income which is distributed according to which league the team comes from and number of matches played by a team in 2016-17 Champions League season.
POT 1: UEFA Champions League 2017-18 Fixed Amount Distribution STAGE Total Fixed Amount: €761.9 million Playoff Bonus €50 million distributed to 20 teams who participated in playoffs. €2m each for playoff winners and €3 million each for eliminated teams. Participation Bonus €12.7 million (Guaranteed) for each 32 teams who play in the group stages Performance Bonus €1.5 million for every win & €500,000 for every draw in group stages Round of 16 €6 million each for 16 teams Quarter Finals €6.5 million each for 8 teams Semifinals €7.5 million each for 4 teams Runner Ups €11 million Final €15.5 million Potential Total Winner of 2017-18 champions league can earn between €54m to €57.2m from “Fixed Amount” pot. Plus Market pool money which can easily elevate total earnings of winners from England, Spain, Germay or Italy around €100 million (prize money + market pool)
POT 2: Market Pool (€507 million) Distribution:
UEFA has announced €507 million in market pool money for each of the next three champions league seasons. Which will be distributed according proportional value of each TV market (Country/League). So the market pool awarded to each country's league will be distributed among the teams from that league according to their performance in previous league season and how many matches they will play in the given champions league season.
English clubs will benefit the most with the new Market Pool distribution system and If an english club were to win the champions league in 2017-18 season they will earn more than €110 million (around €55m from performance based + another €50m/€60m with market pool).
If FC Basel were to win the Champions League they won't make as much as Real Madrid or Barcelona did in the last couple of years. Why ? because of the market value of the team. Teams coming from top 4 European Leagues get the bigger chunk of the market pool.
Every League (not teams) gets specific market pool money according to the UEFA Ranking of European Leagues, and for example last season from Spain Atletico Madrid, Barcelona, Real Madrid and Real Sociedad played in group stages so the total market pool for spain was shared between four teams. Where Barcelona got €24.6 million, Real Madrid €20 million, Atletico got €17 million and Real Sociedad got €8.5 million in market pool money.
Juventus on the other hand got massive €58.20 million from market pool money because only them and AS Roma from Italy played in the group stages and Roma knocked out in group stages leaving Juventus with huge portion.
So the Market Pool given out to other low ranked leagues like Ukraine, Russia etc is much lower so the clubs from those countries get less money even if they overachieve and qualify for the later stages of the champions League.
How much Real Madrid and Liverpool are expected to earn for their 2017-18 Champions League run ?
Real Madrid are playing Juventus in the final of 2018 Champions League, looking to retain the title and set to pocket around €89.5 million from their 2017-18 european campaign. While Juventus will be making around €101.1 million more than Madrid because of bigger chunk of italian market pool money going Juventus way.
Real Madrid will earn around €35.3 million in market pool money plus €55.7m in performance based money if they win the 2018 final elevating their total to a massive €90.8 million.
Liverpool will get around €31.6 million in market pool plus €56.2m in performance based making grand total of €87.8 million if they manage to win the champions league and €83.3 million if they lose the final
Champions League 2017-18 Finalists STAGE Real Madrid Liverpool Participation Bonus €12.7 million €12.7 million + €2m for qualifying through playoffs Performance Bonus €7.5 million (for winning 4 group games and drawing 1) €6 million (for winning 3 group games + 3 Draws) Market Pool €35.3 million €31.6 million Round of 16 €6 million €6 million Quarter Finals €6.5 million €6.5 million Semifinals €7.5 million €7.5 million Finals €15.5 million (winners) / €11 million (Runners-up) €15.5 million (winners) / €11 million (Runners-up) TOTAL €90.8 million if winners or €86.3 million if runner ups €87.8 million if winners or €83.3 million if runner ups
How UEFA Distributed Prize Money In 2014-15 Champions League Season:
Following table shows how all the 32 participating teams were paid in prize money, performance bonus and market pool money.
Please click on the image below to zoomin
Pictured: The world's most luxurious cruise liner that really is a 'floating city'
These amazing images show the world's largest ever cruise liner taking shape, complete with 'beach pool', shopping mall, rock-climbing walls, outdoor ampitheatre, and New York-style loft suites.
The state-of-the-art 'travelling city' is being built on dry-docks in Finland.
Built for Royal Caribbean International, when Oasis of the Seas launches next November, she will be the largest and most revolutionary cruise ship in the world.
Floating city: The Oasis of the Seas will feature seven distinct neighbourhoods including a shopping mall
Green zone: The cruise liner will have its own Central Park
The liner will span 16 decks, encompass 220,000 gross registered tons (GRT), carry 5,400 guests and feature 2,700 staterooms.
Oasis of the Seas will be the first ship to tout the cruise line's new neighborhood concept of seven distinct themed areas, which include Central Park, Boardwalk, the Royal Promenade, the Pool and Sports Zone, Vitality at Sea Spa and Fitness Center, Entertainment Place and Youth Zone.
Work on the super-cruise-liner is progressing full steam ahead at the Aker Yards of Turku - one of only a few shipyards capable of constructing a ship this size.
Wow: Oasis of the Seas will be the largest and most revolutionary cruise ship in the world
Taking shape: The ship under construction at the Aker Yards of Turku in Finland
Almost 1200 feet long, 154 foot wide and rising 213 feet above the water line, the Oasis of the Seas will be able to host 3,000 crew to service every passenger's need.
Adam Goldstein, CEO of Royal Caribbean International, said: 'In essence, we are the brand that delivers the "wow" and we have with this ship.'
In addition to the sheer size of the Oasis of the Seas, this £750 million liner will offer its thousands of passengers a number of 'firsts'.
State-of-the-art: The ship will feature New York-style loft suites
State-of-the-art: New York-style loft apartments
The introduction of 28 two-level New York-style loft suites which have never been seen before on an ocean going liner will redefine cruise ship accommodation.
Mr Goldstein believes innovation is crucial in attracting and retaining guests.
'It literally means that we are constantly coming up with things,' he said.
'I can't imagine stagnating. It's in our DNA to keep coming up with things. And Oasis allows us to crystallise the platform.'
For entertainment, the liner will feature a 'zip-line', which is similar to the assault course rope lines that span across water and over valleys.
Play-time: There are plenty of entertainment options on board, including a basketball court
The zip-line on the Oasis of the Seas will allow passengers to face a sheer drop to the seas, guaranteeing an exhilarating experience.
But, most impressively is the introduction of seven special 'zones', each with its own unique character and style. Of all these areas, the standout zone will be the aptly named 'Central Park'.
Built into the middle of the ship, this football pitched sized area will literally be a park in the centre of the ship.
Setting sail: Still under construction, the Oasis of the Seas is set to sail in one year
Protected from the weather by a clear perspexed screen to let in the light, the Central Park area will be themed on Caribbean plants and foliage, to reflect the area which the ship will eventually will cruise in.
Designed by British firm Atkins Limited, the park zone will have distinct restaurants, bars and boutique shops, bringing the floating city idea to reality.
Top deck: The ship has seven distinct zones
Chill out: Passengers can relax in the sea spa
It will also boast a rock wall, over 15 restaurants and bars, a casino, a theatre, two night-clubs and the largest freshwater pool on any cruise liner.
The ship will sail from her home port of Port Everglades in Fort Lauderdale in Florida. In 2010, she will be joined by a sister ship, Allure of the Seas.
Amazing views: The ship's huge ampitheatre
Three first half goals saw Derby County sweep Ipswich Town to one side with an impressive showing at Portman Road as Steve McClaren's side moved back into the play-off places.
Craig Bryson opened the scoring after a comfortable start to the evening, before Tom Ince thundered in his eleventh goal of the season with a sweet strike from the right corner of the box just three minutes later.
Darren Bent's close range header against his former club compounded a solid first half display, whilst the hosts were indebted to a string of saves from Bartosz Bialkowski to ensure the scoreline did not widen in the second half.
The result also saw Derby secure all three points at Portman Road for the third consecutive year, backing up successive 1-0 victories in the previous two years.
Prior to the trip to Suffolk, Derby had been punished for lethargic starts in their last two home games against Reading and Leicester City.
At Portman Road, however, it was the Rams taking advantage of a sloppy start by the visitors.
Comfortable from the off, McClaren's men eased their way into the early proceedings, being afforded time to knock the ball across the park as they forced Ipswich back towards their own goal.
After a series of unsuccessful corners, Derby struck not once, but twice in quick succession, delivering a hammer blow to the Tractor Boys on their own patch in a clinical three-minute spell.
Bryson got the ball rolling, smacking Ince's cut back to the edge of the area first time beyond Bialkowski and into the corner for his second goal in as many games.
Provider for the first, Ince then added his name to the scoresheet with a sublime strike for his eleventh goal of the season. Just as he did in the local derby win over Nottingham Forest, Chris Baird played a teasing pass into the feet of the wideman, behind a defender, and the 25-year-old whipped the ball on to his left foot and curled it into the far corner.
Ipswich could only improve and they did so slightly after the second goal, bossing more of the possession as they began to apply pressure on the Derby backline.
Tom Lawrence, who had scored six goals in his last six games prior to this one, looked lively and forced Scott Carson into his first save – a routine one – whilst dogged defending prevented the Tractor Boys from getting back into the game.
Derby continued to look threatening too. Ince hit a low effort at Bialkowski after a flowing move and with half time looming, the same man saw a shot deflected for a corner.
A sublime instinctive save from the Ipswich shot stopper also saw him tip a sublime drive from Bryson on to the crossbar, but within moments of that save, the Rams added a third as Bent headed in Jacob Butterfield's firm cross from close range against his former club and where his career began.
Ipswich returned to the dressing room to a chorus of boos and responded by adding a little more bite to play, but very rarely threatened to stage a dramatic comeback.
McClaren's men continued to look dangerous each and every time they attacked and the hosts were left indebted to Bialkowski that the scoreline didn't stretch further.
Early doors, Ince was denied by the ‘keeper, whilst the wideman should have made it 4-0 four minutes later with an even better opening, but he was too casual with his strike after fooling an Ipswich defender and hit the post.
Bialkowski then denied Bent a second as he leapt across to his near post to get down to a low shot from the striker, whilst Bryson was also denied.
The Polish ‘keeper made his best save of the second 45 minutes with 18 remaining. On a swift counter attack, the Rams broke at pace and found themselves in a four against two situations.
From the right, Ince clipped a delightful ball to the back post to Butterfield with the outside of his foot and the midfielder forced a fine save out of the 29-year-old, with the help of the post.
The remainder of the contest was just as comfortable as the rest of the game for the Rams, as the visitors kept McCarthy's men at arm's length to record a second successive league win and move back into the play-off positions.
Ipswich Town: Bialkowski, Knudsen, Chambers (C), Berra, Skuse, Pitman (Moore, 65), Spence, Digby (McGoldrick, 36), Bru, Sears, Lawrence (Ward, 46)
Substitutes not used: Gerken, Douglas, Dozzell, Emmanuel
Derby County: Carson, Baird, Keogh (C), Pearce, Olsson; Johnson, Bryson, Butterfield; Ince, Camara (Anya, 56), Bent (Vydra, 69)
Substitutes not used: Mitchell, Christie, Shackell, de Sart, Blackman
Attendance: 14,719 (464 away supporters)
Army Brigadier General Neil Tolley, commander of US special forces in South Korea , told a conference held in Florida last week that Pyongyang had built thousands of tunnels since the Korean war, The Diplomat reported.
"The entire tunnel infrastructure is hidden from our satellites," Gen Tolley said. "So we send (South Korean) soldiers and US soldiers to the North to do special reconnaissance."
"After 50 years, we still don't know much about the capability and full extent" of the underground facilities," he said, in comments reported by the National Defense Industrial Association's magazine on its website.
Gen Tolley said the commandos were sent in with minimal equipment to facilitate their movements and minimize the risk of detection by North Korean forces.
At least four of the tunnels built by Pyongyang go under the Demilitarized Zone separating North and South Korea, Tolley said.
"We don't know how many we don't know about," he admitted.
Among the facilities identified are 20 air fields that are partially underground, and thousands of artillery positions.
In February, South Korea's Yonhap news agency reported that had built at least two new tunnels at a nuclear testing site, likely in preparation for a new test.
A spokesman for US forces in South Korea subsequently dismissed the media report.
"Some reporting has taken great liberal licence with his comments and taken him completely out of context," Colonel Jonathan Withington, of the public affairs office of US Forces Korea, said in a statement.
"No US or ROK (Republic of Korea) forces have parachuted into North Korea," he said. "Though special reconnaissance is a core special operations force mission, at no time have SOF forces been sent to the north to conduct special reconnaissance.
"The use of tunnels in North Korea is well documented," he added. "Several of the known tunnels along the DMZ are visited by tourists every day."
Beijing has issued its first ever “red alert” over the city's smog, with the Chinese capital going into shutdown in an attempt to protect people from the deadly air.
It is the first time ever that the highest possible state of caution has been declared in the city, which has more than 21 million residents.
The warning means schools will have to close down and construction and other industry in the capital will be limited.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
Smog levels are actually lowe than they have been in recent weeks. But authorities expect an extreme amount of pollution over the coming days, and have imposed the order to ensure safety during that time.
The order will last from Tuesday morning local time until midday on Thursday, when the weather is expected to change and blow away the smog.
The city had already been in a state of orange alert, which meant some construction and industry was being curbed. The city had also issued a ruling that said cars with odd and even number plates would be stopped from driving on alternate days.
Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Air pollution in China Show all 30 left Created with Sketch. right Created with Sketch. Shape Created with Sketch. In pictures: Air pollution in China 1/30 2/30 3/30 4/30 5/30 Cyclists and vehicles travel on a road in heavy smog in Beijing 6/30 An electronic screen is seen through pollution in Beijing 7/30 Ground-staff (L) are seen under an Air China plane at the airport on a polluted day in Beijing 8/30 A man wearing a protective mask walks in Beijing 9/30 A subway passing bridge on a day of heavy pollution in Beijing 10/30 Visitors walk toward Linglong Tower during an extremely polluted day 11/30 Policemen wear protective masks at the Tiananmen Square on an extremely polluted day as hazardous, choking smog continues to blanket Beijing 12/30 Apartment rooms are lit up with lights during daytime on an extremely polluted day 13/30 A pedestrian walks on a bridge on an extremely polluted day as hazardous, choking smog continues to blanket Beijing 14/30 A man pulls his luggage past electronic screens showing the Olympic Green park under blue skies, near the National Stadium (R), or the Bird's Nest, amid heavy smog in Beijing 15/30 16/30 Heavy smog is seen in Beijing 17/30 Tiananmen Square is seen in heavy smog on a day of high pollution in Beijing 18/30 A Chinese paramilitary policeman stands guard on Tiananmen Square in heavy smog in Beijing 19/30 Tourists visit the Olympic Park during dheavy smog in Beijing 20/30 woman wears a face mask next to traffic shrouded in heavy smog in Beijing Getty Images 21/30 China Heavy smog has been lingering in northern and eastern parts of China, disturbing the traffic, worsening air pollution and forcing the closure of schools 22/30 China Buildings are shrouded in smog in Changsha, Hunan Province 23/30 China A ship sails up the Huangpu River as heavy smog engulfs the city in Shanghai 24/30 China A man looks towards a bridge in heavy fog in Beijing 25/30 China A man and his child wear masks as they visit The Bund in Shanghai. Heavy smog covered many parts of China worsening air pollution 26/30 China Four workers walk through a panda sculpture during severe pollution in Beijing 27/30 China A truck containing used plastic bottles travels along a highway covered in haze in Beijing 28/30 China An attraction for visitors on Chaotianmen beach in Chongqing. The city of Chongqing is one of the fastest-growing urban centres on the planet but it is also suffering from very high pollution 29/30 China Smoke rising from land as Chinese farmers clear their land for replanting on the outskirts of Tianjin. China's Environment Ministry said it will send inspection teams to provinces and cities most seriously affected by smog to ensure rules on fighting air pollution are being enforced 30/30 China Steelworkers work at the Chongqing Iron and Steel Factory in Chongqing Municipality 1/30 2/30 3/30 4/30 5/30 Cyclists and vehicles travel on a road in heavy smog in Beijing 6/30 An electronic screen is seen through pollution in Beijing 7/30 Ground-staff (L) are seen under an Air China plane at the airport on a polluted day in Beijing 8/30 A man wearing a protective mask walks in Beijing 9/30 A subway passing bridge on a day of heavy pollution in Beijing 10/30 Visitors walk toward Linglong Tower during an extremely polluted day 11/30 Policemen wear protective masks at the Tiananmen Square on an extremely polluted day as hazardous, choking smog continues to blanket Beijing 12/30 Apartment rooms are lit up with lights during daytime on an extremely polluted day 13/30 A pedestrian walks on a bridge on an extremely polluted day as hazardous, choking smog continues to blanket Beijing 14/30 A man pulls his luggage past electronic screens showing the Olympic Green park under blue skies, near the National Stadium (R), or the Bird's Nest, amid heavy smog in Beijing 15/30 16/30 Heavy smog is seen in Beijing 17/30 Tiananmen Square is seen in heavy smog on a day of high pollution in Beijing 18/30 A Chinese paramilitary policeman stands guard on Tiananmen Square in heavy smog in Beijing 19/30 Tourists visit the Olympic Park during dheavy smog in Beijing 20/30 woman wears a face mask next to traffic shrouded in heavy smog in Beijing Getty Images 21/30 China Heavy smog has been lingering in northern and eastern parts of China, disturbing the traffic, worsening air pollution and forcing the closure of schools 22/30 China Buildings are shrouded in smog in Changsha, Hunan Province 23/30 China A ship sails up the Huangpu River as heavy smog engulfs the city in Shanghai 24/30 China A man looks towards a bridge in heavy fog in Beijing 25/30 China A man and his child wear masks as they visit The Bund in Shanghai. Heavy smog covered many parts of China worsening air pollution 26/30 China Four workers walk through a panda sculpture during severe pollution in Beijing 27/30 China A truck containing used plastic bottles travels along a highway covered in haze in Beijing 28/30 China An attraction for visitors on Chaotianmen beach in Chongqing. The city of Chongqing is one of the fastest-growing urban centres on the planet but it is also suffering from very high pollution 29/30 China Smoke rising from land as Chinese farmers clear their land for replanting on the outskirts of Tianjin. China's Environment Ministry said it will send inspection teams to provinces and cities most seriously affected by smog to ensure rules on fighting air pollution are being enforced 30/30 China Steelworkers work at the Chongqing Iron and Steel Factory in Chongqing Municipality
In some parts of Beijing, people can only see around 200m. The air is also packed with poisonous particles that mean that people could become ill simply from being outside.
Air pollution monitors showed areas of Beijing had more than 256 micrograms per cubic metre of the poisonous particles. The World Health Organisation (WHO) says anything over 25 micrograms is considered unsafe.
The poisonous smog in Beijing is caused by the burning of coal for industry and heating, and huge amounts of dust from the city's many construction sites. The problem is being made yet worse by high humidity and low wind.
Last week, Greenpeace called on Beijing to issue a red alert, after four days of what it called “Airpocalypse”.
“The city is blanketed in a thick, choking smog that has covered an area of North China the size of Spain and Beijing's most famous landmarks have been completely obscured by the yellow haze,” wrote Zhang Kai on the group's blog.
Greenpeace praised the Orange Alert that had been declared for putting restrictions on construction and industry, but said that it was “clearly not enough”.
“At this level of response, schools and kindergartens can remain open, meaning that children are risking their health in order to attend class and car emissions haven't been restricted at all,” the group wrote.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Hello Rocksmith fans, and welcome to the September edition of the Rocksmith Remastered DLC Round-Up!
Before we get to September's DLC, let's see how you voted for August.
Muddy Waters was the clear winner of this month, but it seems like the boys from down under were quite popular as well. Didn't seem to matter that The Monkees didn't play their own instruments as the three songs were far more popular than Variety Pack XI and the super polarizing 2010s Mix III pack.
September was a 15 song month that consisted of the return of 3 Doors Down with a five song pack, the fourth incarnation of the 80s Mix Pack featuring Huey Lewis, Steve Winwood, and Ratt, a new artist to Rocksmith, Thrice with a three song pack of post-hardcore songs, and last but not least 4 Rockin' Covers from Marilyn Manson, Halestorm, Goldfinger, and Seether!
Great stuff!
Bassists had a few tricky songs this month, let's check 'em out!
3 Doors Down is a pretty straight forward band when it comes to bass lines, but that doesn't mean they aren't fun in their active moments
Nothing tricky here, it's just fun!
Damn that's synthy
The whole Thrice pack is fantastic on bass, but here is the big challenge of the month… Good luck
What a great cover!
Guitarists had a month filled with arpeggios, funky rhythms, drop tuned riffs, and more.
If you aren't a fan of Arpeggios you should definitely check out this 3DD song
My hand was in so much pain from playing this, but for halsb it's a walk in the park
Can you play Nile Rodger's funky guitar line has smoothly as Anthony? Give it a shot!
What a riff! Hope you don't mind drop tuning
Can you even watch this video?
Thanks Ted! If you don't mind Drop C this might be your cup of tea…
We already knew Lady Gaga was metal but this is a welcome addition to Rocksmith!
Surprise! It's great on lead also
This was a pretty varied tuning month, no alternate arrangements though :-O
Arrangement E Standard Drop D Eb Standard Drop C Eb Drop Db Lead 8 1 1 3 2 Rhythm 8 1 1 3 2 Bass 9 1 X 3 2
E Standard stay winning
Which brings one question to everyone's minds…
See you next month!
The Philippines and United States have agreed to scrap five joint military trainings, Armed Forces chief General Ricardo Visaya revealed on Wednesday.
“There is reduction of around five (exercises),” he told reporters in a news conference.
Visaya said that from more than 260 exercises with the US, a long-standing ally, it will be reduced “to around 258.”
The AFP chief could not immediately identify the five joint exercises but said the two of the joint drills that would be removed include the Amphibious Landing Exercise (Phiblex) and the Cooperation Afloat Readiness and Training (Carat).
Both exercises focus on improving bilateral response to regional and maritime security crisis.
“The exercises will now be more focused on counterterrorism, humanitarian assistance and disaster response, engineering civic actions,” he said.
The AFP chief said they are still studying whether to reduce number of troops involved in the joint trainings, but said it will depend on the kind of exercise.
“It depends. For example, humanitarian assistance and disaster response drills need a huge number of troops,” he said.
Asked how the Americans reacted to the scrapping of Carat and Phiblex, Visaya said: “They respected it and as I have told you, we can always change some exercises based on the guidance of our President.”
The Philippines and US held the Mutual Defense Board and Security Engagement Board on Tuesday “to continue close cooperation” of both sides especially in areas of national security interests including humanitarian assistance and disaster response, disaster response, counterterrorism, cybersecurity and maritime security.
The Department of National Defense earlier said there will be less of assault exercises and will focus on civic action exercises.
The Enhance Defense Cooperation Agreement, an executive agreement between the Philippines and United States signed in 2014 that was earlier opposed by President Rodrigo Duterte, would also be implemented. TVJ
RELATED STORIES
US, PH joint drills to be trimmed down, Edca to continue—Lorenzana
What is the Enhanced Defense Cooperation Agreement and what does it mean to PH?
READ NEXT
Doctors, healthcare professionals still highest paid OFWs
AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Federal judges found more problems in Texas' voting rights laws, ruling that Republicans racially gerrymandered some congressional districts to weaken the growing electoral power of minorities, who is a former President Barack Obama set out to protect at the ballot box before leaving office.
The ruling late Friday by a three-judge panel in San Antonio gave Democrats hope of new, more favorably drawn maps that could turn over more seats in Congress in 2018. But the judges in their 2-1 decision didn't propose an immediate fix, and Texas could appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court.
Republicans hold two of three congressional districts ruled newly invalid and were found to have been partly drawn with discriminatory intent. The GOP-controlled Texas Legislature approved the maps in 2011, the same year then-Gov. Rick Perry signed a voter ID law that ranks among the toughest in the U.S. Courts have since weakened that law, too.
Judges noted the “strong racial tension and heated debate about Latinos, Spanish-speaking people, undocumented immigrants and sanctuary cities” that served as the backdrop in the Legislature to Texas adopting the maps and the voter ID law. Those tensions are flaring again over President Donald Trump's executive orders on immigration, and Republican Texas Gov. Greg Abbott is also demanding tough crackdowns on so-called sanctuary cities.
“The record indicates not just a hostility toward Democrat districts, but a hostility to minority districts, and a willingness to use race for partisan advantage,” U.S. District Judges Xavier Rodriguez and Orlando Garcia wrote in their opinion.
Republican Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton did not immediately remark on the ruling.
Hispanics were found to have fueled Texas' dramatic growth in the 2010 census, the year before the maps were drawn, accounting for two out of every three new residents in the state. The findings of racially motivated mapmaking satisfied Democrats and minority rights groups, who are now pushing a separate federal court in Texas to determine that the voter ID law was also crafted with discriminatory intent.
Texas was forced ahead of the November election to weaken its voter ID law, which allows concealed handgun licenses but not college student IDs, after a federal appeals court found that the requirements particularly hampered minorities and the poor.
The Obama administration had brought the muscle of the U.S. Justice Department into Texas to help challenge both the maps and voter ID law. But barely a month after Trump took office, the federal government reversed course and announced it would no longer argue that Texas purposefully discriminated against minorities with its voter ID law.
It was not yet clear whether the Trump administration will also drop opposition to Texas' maps. But U.S. Circuit Judge Jerry Smith, in a blistering dissent, had strong words for Obama administration attorneys after they joined the case.
“It was obvious, from the start, that the DoJ attorneys viewed state officials and the legislative majority and their staffs as a bunch of backwoods hayseed bigots who bemoan the abolition of the poll tax and pine for the days of literacy tests and lynchings,” Smith wrote. “And the DoJ lawyers saw themselves as an expeditionary landing party arriving here, just in time, to rescue the state from oppression, obviously presuming that plaintiffs' counsel were not up to the task.”
The stakes in finding discriminatory intent are higher because it provides a window for opponents to argue that Texas should be forced to resume having changes to voting laws “pre-cleared” by the Justice Department or a federal court. A 2013 U.S. Supreme Court ruling did away with preclearance by striking down a key provision in the federal Voting Rights Act.
The congressional districts voided by the panel belong to Democrat Lloyd Doggett and Republicans Will Hurd and Blake Farenthold. Hurd's district, which runs from San Antonio to El Paso, has been a rare competitive swing district in Texas in recent years.
___
Follow Paul J. Weber on Twitter: www.twitter.com/pauljweber
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
...and neither have I. Quick, easy, and undeniably drool-inducing--what could be better?
Yep. This is good stuff. Perhaps you've tried or at least seen the variety using matzo. I'm here to tell you that if it's at all possible, this version is even better. I think the salt on the crisp crackers combined with the rich, semi-sweet chocolate and crunchy, buttery toffee makes for the perfect candy, any minute of any day of any month of any year. It's probably best to save it for the holidays, however, unless you want to add some more junk to your trunk...
*This post has been updated with the answers to many common questions (such as why the order in the picture is different from the order in the recipe...)! Read more here and here. Print the recipe here.
Terribly Terrific Toffee
(printable recipe!)
1 cup unsalted butter (no margarine allowed)
1 cup brown sugar, packed tightly
2 cups semi-sweet chocolate chips
40 saltine crackers
Preheat oven to 350ºF. Line a 15x10-inch jelly roll pan or a 12x17-inch cookie sheet with foil and spray with non-stick spray. Lay a flat layer of crackers out on the foil. Melt the sugar and butter until a boil is reached. Reduce the heat and simmer, uncovered, for 5-6 minutes or until mixture is thickened and sugar is completely dissolved. Pour this mixture over the crackers and spread to coat evenly. Bake for 8-10 minutes, or until the toffee becomes bubbly. After removing the pan from the oven, let it sit for 3-5 minutes. Sprinkle on the chocolate chips, let them soften and melt, and then spread them into an even layer. (You can add nuts, cracker crumbs, or whatever else floats your boat at this point.) Let cool and, if desired for expediting purposes, refrigerate until hardened. Break into pieces the size of your choice. I personally prefer a hand-sized chunk.
GADZOOKS, Christmas is in one week! Gracious me.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
North Korea has claimed they will kill more people in America than the September 11 attacks.
A ranting article in the hermit Stalinist nation's state-run publication DPRK Today said their weapons are trained on the White House, the Pentagon and other vital strategic locations.
It read: “If three civilian airplanes' attacks from 15 years ago resulted in 3,000 deaths and brought a nightmare to life for the US, the outbreak of our final war will wipe the country from history, leaving no time (for them to) even regret or have nightmares about it,” read the bulletin, seen by NK News.
Kim Jong-un's regime has issued a series of threats recently - even threatening long-time ally China.
Read more: Donald Trump 'doesn't know much about the world' says Obama
(Image: DPRK)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“Being beaten by only three civilian airplanes, the US was ashamed in front of the world and has suffered incalculable psychological and economical damage,” the article added.
The provocative article comes soon after Kim Jong-un defied a UN weapons ban to oversee the testing of North Korea's new surface-to-air missiles - the country's state media has reported.
The test comes amid growing tensions between the North Korea and South Korea as the dictatorship appears to step up its weapons programme.
Read more: Kim Jong-un balloons to 300lbs as North Korea faces famine
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: YouTube)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The communist state has declared itself in a state of "semi-war" and declared hostilities against a host of countries including America and China.
Kim Jong-Un, 33, recently threatened 'nuclear storm' against the country's enemies after it was subjected to strict UN sanctions - which includes a ban on any missile tests.
Pyongyang's official news agency said the leader had "guided the test of a new-type anti-air guided weapon system" to "estimate its performance".
As Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg begins to surround himself with political consultants, street art appeared in California recently that shows not everyone would “like” his rumored political run.
Los Angeles street artist Sabo recently posted several Facebook photos showing his latest work: “F*ck Zuck 2020” street art in Pasadena.
The poster features the familiar Facebook hand with the blue cuff, except Sabo modified it with a middle finger:
More:
They even appeared over the traffic lights:
C Net recently reported Zuckerberg has hired a former Hillary Clinton operative to help him navigate political issues:
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife Precilla Chan have tapped the former chief strategist for presidential candidate Hillary Clinton to aid their foundation, according to Politico.
Joel Benenson will conduct research for the Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, the foundation that the couple set up for their philanthropic projects. The two have vowed to give away virtually all of their fortune through the initiative.
Benenson is a former Democratic pollster who advised both Clinton and President Barack Obama. He's the latest in a string of hires from the political world, including David Plouffe, who ran Obama's campaign in 2008.
Printed posters and bumper stickers of the “F*ck Zuck 2020” image are available at UnsavoryAgents.com.
Buy Photo Fort Collins police on Wednesday are investigating a reported hit-and-run crash in Old Town. (Photo: Jason Pohl/The Coloradoan)Buy Photo
A reported Old Town Fort Collins hit-and-run crash on Wednesday morning may have been some sort of misunderstanding.
Emergency crews were dispatched at 7:21 a.m. Wednesday to the northbound lanes of Mason Street near the intersection of Olive Street. Initial reports indicated that a Honda Odyssey minivan hit a 24-year-old man who was riding his bike near the MAX transit station.
The van drove away, and the cyclist was not injured, police said.
Officers contacted the driver in the hours after the crash. He said the bike rider simply fell over and that the car never touched him. There were no marks on the minivan, and the bicycle had very minor scratches, Assistant Chief Cory Christensen said.
No collision was recorded on the MAX video, and no witnesses have been found. No arrests have been made and no charges were filed.
Reporter Jason Pohl covers breaking news for the Coloradoan. Follow him on Twitter: @pohl_jason.
Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/1Hw9wO4
Alright, alright, alright so everyone's heard of Dallas Buyers Club LLC's wave of combatting piracy, issuing letters to regular internet users worldwide accusing them of downloading the Oscar-winning movie Dallas Buyers Club in April/May of 2014. And the scare is very real.
In Singapore itself, internet service providers M1 has confirmed that they had indeed disclosed customer information to a local law firm regarding the alleged illegal downloading of the movie. This comes after M1 subscribers took it to the interwebs to question the nature of a threatening letter from a local law firm Samuel Seow Law Corporation, who specialises in media law, stating that they were acting on behalf of their client, Dallas Buyers Club LLC.
The other two major telcos, Singtel and Starhub will be following suit, despite Singtel outrightly refusing to reveal customer information at first — even appointing external counsel to further their case. Alas, they too have to comply, and by law, the companies are required to release the names, NRIC numbers, and addresses of the downloaders by the end of the month.
The official trailer of the 2013 film Dallas Buyers Club. The studio behind the film, Voltage Pictures, is seeking damages allegedly caused by illegal downloading.
This case rings all too familiar for us who witnessed the ODEX debacle back in 2007-2008. In a nutshell, ODEX, a locally-based distributor of anime programmes, did the same thing that Dallas Buyers Club LLC is doing now — compelling telcos to release customer data through forceful subpoenas, in order to track users who downloaded programs of which that they owned the rights. They sent letters demanding payment to the offending individuals and many of them settled out of court — with one individual as young as nine-years-old.
So let's get acquainted with all the parties involved here. Dallas Buyers Club, the movie in question here was made on a USD$5m budget and raked approximately USD$55m at the box office. Two of the actors also went on to win Oscars. Seems like a success story already, but looks like that's not enough. Dallas Buyers Club LLC, the company that owns the rights to the movie are going on a rampage to take down downloaders… worldwide.
Engaging in technology from German company Maverickeye, Dallas Buyers Club LLC managed to track down Internet Protocol (IP) addresses linked to the downloading of the film in April and May last year.
From here, Dallas Buyers Club LLC began on their quest worldwide, including Singapore where even the High Court ruled in favour for the US-based Dallas Buyers Club LLC to seek the local service providers to provide them with personal particulars of the alleged downloaders.
Still, it's an uphill battle for Dallas Buyers Club LLC, and their tactics have been pretty questionable.
The three Singaporean ISPs forced to reveal customer data to Dallas Buyers Club LLC.
For a start, the number of alleged infringers are relatively small. For Singtel, the numbers are approximately 150, compared to Australia where the personal details of almost 5000 users were handed over but Dallas Buyers Club LLC have not pursued two of the biggest ISPs Optus and Telstra. So not to incur even more losses in their rampage perhaps? This selective move only make their agenda even more shady. Why target the smaller ISPs in Australia?
Their move to issue subpoenas to Singaporean ISPs may be a flimsy reflection of their scheme in Australia — targeting the smaller companies in what appears to be an almost subjugating move by the Voltage Pictures-owned US company. Here, they're targeting most of the ISPs in our relatively-small island. So far with these ISPs already ready to comply soon, more people will be receiving these intimidating letters in their mail.
Why target offenders? And why now? Considering this film has been out since November 2013, with its DVD releases a few months after, it's a sauntered move that's highly suspect. Especially with a film that profited in the box office, won major awards and earned additional revenue through home video sales.
This case is slightly different from usual “corporations vs. the people”, like the amount of record labels and Hollywood studios that have brought lawsuits against individuals. This studio, Voltage Pictures, is an independent corporation and smaller than entities like Paramount Pictures or Universal Studios. However, their extensive actions that are reaching as far as our country shows that they already have pretty substantial backing.
Voltage's vice-president Michael Wickstrom said on CNET AU: "All I request is that our local attorneys send a warning, because I don't anticipate a settlement from them except a warning. This is truly not about the money here, it's about stopping illegal piracy,"
If they're truly not seeking settlements and only using these letters to scare downloaders away from their consuming habits, why go through all the trouble? The amount of money spent just to hire attorneys, issue subpoenas — all in different countries. For an independent studio, it doesn't make any financial sense, no matter how much backing they have.
A still from the 2009 film The Hurt Locker, also produced by Voltage Studios. The company filed a lawsuit against 2,514 individuals in Florida for illegally downloading the movie.
Alas, as it turns out, this company already has a history of suing downloaders — a notable lawsuit surrounding their 2009 Oscar-darling hit The Hurt Locker in 2012, where they received undisclosed settlements out of court from accused individuals in the US. They also began chasing downloaders of Dallas Buyers Club in April last year, in Chicago and other US states. Voltage Pictures' CEO, Nicholas Chartier, claimed that after the announcement of their Hurt Locker lawsuits, the percentage of illegal downloads of the film decreased by 40%. This is despite the fact that his claim is not backed by any real figures.
While all of this is enough to show that the studio, in fact, really just wants more money from people, this is still another case in a history of corporations fighting in their struggle against piracy, which has been enhanced as technology evolves.
When we download, we fail to realise the consequences because it's thoroughly convenient to acquire, in our own bedrooms with no one watching. It's an issue that pervades not just the film industry but also the music and gaming industries, as we've covered before.
Calling it a convenience problem could very well be the most apt, with services like Spotify, Steam and Netflix in their respective industries serving the needs of a tech-savvy generation with affordable prices and instant gratification. It's not the most perfect solution to combat piracy but that's the problem — piracy will always be around. There will always be people who can't afford or don't want to shell out the money for a film or an album or a video game.
Protecting copyright is a highly critical issue but doing so by hitting the lawsuit hammer on average citizens, it promotes a worrying attitude of intimidation that soon, more companies may start utilising. For Voltage to actually create fake BitTorrent files of the film in hopes of tracking downloaders, it becomes an even more vile practice — one not so much about protecting copyright as it is about taking advantage of it.
As we await for more details of Dallas Buyers Club LLC's actions locally, if any of you are waiting for letters or if you think you might be in trouble, contact us at bandwagon@bandwagon.sg with your story.
Written by Delfina Utomo and Daniel Peters.
Drivers at Apple Join Other Teamsters Local 853 Members in Raising Standards
(OAKLAND, Calif.) – Apple shuttle drivers who are members of Teamsters Local 853 in Oakland have voted overwhelmingly in favor of a first agreement.
The more than 30 Apple drivers work for Loop Transportation, which also employs Teamster drivers at Facebook. The new contract provides for improvements that many other tech industry contracts negotiated by Teamsters Local 853 include.
While Apple drivers had already received the negotiated-for wage increases, under the contract they now gain health benefits, pension contributions, holiday time, vacations and overtime.
“This is another step toward keeping a level playing field between the contractors, while protecting the future for our drivers,” said Stacy Alvelais, Business Agent with Teamsters Local 853.
The agreement runs through March of 2018.
Teamsters Local 853 represents tech shuttle drivers with contractors to Apple, Facebook, Google, Yahoo, eBay, PayPal, Evernote, Genentech and Amtrak.
For more information on tech worker organizing with the Teamsters, visit: http://teamster.org/tech-drivers-deserve-union .
The Big Doctor Who Death Count
I gave up writing this page about an hour after I started because doing the actual counting was too much like hard work. In an ideal world I would take this page down but since Doctor Who Confidential stole almost verbatim some of what I'd written I feel I have to keep it here due to an odd sense of pride. And it's also quite funny that the Confidential programme may have got their facts wrong simply because I haven't counted properly, or if there is a more violent episode that I hadn't yet watched!
Violence on screen is a big issue these days and one point raised is whether It's worsened over time. Doctor Who looks tame to modern audiences but It's interesting to note just how much death is portrayed in certain stories. The count begins...
Story & Number of episodes First
Death Body
Count Death
Rating Ressurrection of the Daleks 4 0'53" 53 13.2 The Caves of Androzani 4 3'40" 18 4.5 Earthshock 4 15'03" 16 4 Spearheads from Space 4 40'02" 13 3.25 Dalek Invasion of Earth 6 0'26" 17 2.8 Seeds of Death 6 4'24" 15 2.5 Remembrance of the Daleks 4 8'39" 10 2.5 The Tomb of the Cybermen 4 5'05" 6 1.5 The Ark in Space 4 47'55" 3 0.75 Carnival of Monsters * 4 95'00" 1 0.25 Some Fun Facts About Doctor Who Deaths so far
Most Violent Start: Ressurrection of the Daleks has 7 deaths in the first minute making it one of the most deadly sequences ever.
Most Violent Single Episode: Resurrection of the Daleks 1 has 21 deaths alone making it one of the most violent Doctor Who episodes ever.
Fastest Death: Dalek Invasion of Earth 1 opens with a Roboman ripping off his helmet and drowning himself in the Thames. His body is floating face down in the water within 26 seconds of the opening credits finishing.
Least Deathly Story: *The Carnival of Monsters appears to have no deaths at all however in the final sequence Kalik is menaced by a Drashig and its fairly clear he is meeting his demise as he is never seen again.
Violence from the Doctor
The Doctor is often said to be a pacifist, totally against violence or weapons of any sort. The reality is that the Doctor has used physical force many times.
An Unearthly Child - The Doctor picks up a rock with the intention of murdering the caveman that is slowing them down, in order that the group can escape.
- The Doctor picks up a rock with the intention of murdering the caveman that is slowing them down, in order that the group can escape. Day of the Daleks - The Doctor carries a gun around and shoots dead an Ogron as it walks towards him
- The Doctor carries a gun around and shoots dead an Ogron as it walks towards him Seeds of Doom - The Doctor jumps in through a window, punches someone in the stomach, rams his head into a fireplace and then smashes a chair over his head
Attack of the Cybermen - The Doctor uses a Cyberman's gun to shoot two Cybermen
Leaving Kyle Hartigan out would be the heartbreak story of the Grand Final
MATCH-UPS are always an interesting sub-plot of a Grand Final and the team that gets the most right generally lifts the cup.
As always, the midfield battle will be crucial, but I think how each side's defence structures up will be pivotal to the result.
While key forwards have historically had a big say on the last Saturday in September, I believe both sides' small forwards will have a huge bearing on the game.
Adelaide's Eddie Betts and Charlie Cameron are major threats for Richmond, as their small defenders aren't your typical lockdown types.
I expect Dylan Grimes to take Betts, while Bachar Houli, Brandon Ellis and Nick Vlastuin will need to suppress their attacking urges to keep a close eye on Cameron.
What time does the 2017 AFL Grand Final start?
It's a daunting proposition when you throw in tall targets Taylor Walker, Josh Jenkins and Tom Lynch, but the Tigers have the best key defender in the game in Alex Rance.
But what looms as a more intriguing situation, is what effect the Tigers' small attack has on the Crows at the selection table.
With Jack Riewoldt the only tall in attack for the Tigers, I think key defender Kyle Hartigan is under pressure to hold his spot due to a lack of a suitable match-up.
I expect Don Pyke to send All Australian Daniel Talia to Riewoldt, with Jake Lever a likely opponent for Josh Caddy.
That leaves the Crows needing to cover quick and agile smalls Daniel Rioli, Jason Castagna and Dan Butler, so who does Hartigan play on?
As their best shutdown defender, I would send Luke Brown to mind the in-form Rioli, and expect All Australian playmaker Rory Laird to be tagged in a defensive forward role by Jacob Townsend.
Paul Seedsman should go to Castagna, while wingman David McKay and the versatile Jake Kelly are likely to spend time on Butler and Castagna.
That leaves Hartigan without a suitable match-up and leaving him out would be the heartbreak story of the Grand Final after playing 17 games this season. These are the hard decisions coaches have to make.
As for a tip, I think if both sides' game-plans stand up, the edge the Crows have in the class department should see them win by two or three goals.
Ride Like A Girl Winter Weekend 2019
The details:
Back by popular demand — Ride Like a Girl Weekend returns January 12th and 13th! We've tweaked the format and added NEW classes to maximize the fun. The weekend will feature eight instructors versed in both BMX and MTB skills. Boys not allowed, so you'll have a supportive, encouraging environment to challenge yourself and learn new skills.
Each day will start off with a small group fundamentals clinic to warm up and review. Then there will be two clinic sessions, morning and afternoon, focusing on different skills. You'll sign up for your desired sessions at registration so we can ensure small class size. Sweet prizes from our sponsors will reward you for your best efforts.
Date: January 12th & 13th (Meet and Greet Friday, January 11th, 7pm)
Times: 7am-3pm
Price: $85 for one day, or $160 for both days. T-shirt included.
Who: Women of all bike styles and skill levels welcome. Must be 8 or older to ride. Register
***After purchasing 1 day or two day package make sure schedule your classes by clicking the “Book this Purchase” button and select the 1/12/19 or 1/13/19 for classes to appear. If you do not select your classes ahead of time, you may not be able to take preferred classes.
Schedule:
7:00am-8:00am: Check In
8:00am-8:30am: Welcoming
8:30am-10:00am: Fundamental Skills Class
10:00am-11:30am: Skills Class 1
11:30am-12:30pm: Lunch
12:30pm-2:00pm: Skills Class 2
2:00pm-2:30pm: Yoga or Free Ride
2:30pm-3:00pm: Bike Maintenance Class or Free Ride
3:00pm-3:15pm: Awards
Classes for Saturday and Sunday:
Click this LINK for our track recommendations.
Fundamental Classes
– New To MTB/BMX Riding: Just what it says — you've never tried this before and want to dive in safely. We'll cover the essential skills of level pedals, looking ahead, stance/body positioning, braking.
– Level 1: For those who have some experience and want to get better. This class will cover subjects such as level pedals, looking ahead, stance, braking, shifting and bike body separation.
– Level 2: For riders intermediate and advanced in their disciplines looking to hone their intermediate level skills and/or work towards advanced skills. This class will cover subjects such as bike body separation, tight corners, wheel lifts, braking, track stands, bunny hops and manuals.
– Level 3: For advanced riders that are comfortable jumping to dial in their skills. This class will take place on the Resi Ramp and Foam Pitt and will review aerial awareness, jumping, riding quarter pipes and more.
– Pre- and Post-Ride Yoga: Learn the best way to warm up and cool down for ride!
Skills specific coaching 1
– Pumping 1: The basics of riding the pump track, or going over any “rollers”, without pedaling.
– Balance: Exercises to improve balance on the bike, especially at slow speed.
– Cornering: The fundamentals of cornering, flat and bermed.
– Jumping 1: Beginning to catch air! Learning aerial awareness.
– Advanced Dynamic Mountain Biking: Have you been riding for a while and attended skills clinics that focus on specific techniques and maneuvers? This class is designed to help you put all of those skills together and apply them to varied trail situations in a way that help you be faster, more creative and dynamic, all while remaining in control. Caroline will draw from her years of professional experience as a racer and a coach in both mountain biking and BMX to open up new ways to gain speed, ride safer, and have more freedom on the trails.
– Advanced BMX: Have you been riding for a while and attended skills clinics that focus on specific techniques and maneuvers? Want to learn certain tricks and ride advanced courses? Session and learn from the first Women's Freestyle BMX Professional rider and the ambassador of Women's Freestyle BMX to the Olympics: Nina Buitrago. This open format class will let you work on skills at your own pace while getting advice and instruction from Nina.
Skills specific coaching 2
– Pumping 2: Faster, smoother, maybe manualing or jumping .
– Jumping 2: Clearing whole jumps, going higher, maintaining speed and maybe throwing down some tricks.
– Line Choice: An essential skill for all bike disiplines. Learn to properly scan the trail or course ahead to make the best decisions and make the fastest moves to your ability.
– Lifts and Logs: Always wanted to ride over a log but took the go-around? Learn to do Wheel Lifts (front, rear, level, bunnyhop), how to go over logs.
– Drops and Raises: Going smoothly over drops (6”-18”) and up the same level.
– Advanced Dynamic Mountain Biking: Have you been riding for a while and attended skills clinics that focus on specific techniques and maneuvers? This class is designed to help you put all of those skills together and apply them to varied trail situations in a way that help you be faster, more creative and dynamic, all while remaining in control. Caroline will draw from her years of professional experience as a racer and a coach in both mountain biking and BMX to open up new ways to gain speed, ride safer, and have more freedom on the trails.
– Advanced BMX: Have you been riding for a while and attended skills clinics that focus on specific techniques and maneuvers? Want to learn certain tricks and ride advanced courses? Session and learn from the first Women's Freestyle BMX Professional rider and the ambassador of Women's Freestyle BMX to the Olympics: Nina Buitrago. This open format class will let you work on skills at your own pace while getting advice and instruction from Nina.
Instructors:
Our talented instructors include: Karen Brooks (MTB), Carley Young (BMX), Kathi Krause (MTB), Payton “P-Nut” Ridenour (BMX), Nina Buitrago (BMX), Hillary Marques (MTB), Caroline Washam (MTB & New for 2019!), Sally Sherman (Yoga, Indoor Cycling Studio & New for 2019!). For full bios of our instructors, click this LINK.
Rental Equipment:
Need a rental bike, helmet or pads? We have limited amount of dirt jumpers, BMX and cross-country bikes. To guarantee we have equipment for you, we recommend you reserving ahead. Email Chuck@thewheelmill.com to reserve your rental equipment. For prices and bike info, click this LINK.
Parking:
We have plenty of parking. Here's where to park if you're unsure where to go.
Hamilton Avenue: There is street side parking available right in front of the building. The opposite side is a no parking zone. Do not block the sidewalk, fire hydrant or intersection.
La Schall Street: There is parking at an angle along the side of the building.
Kelly Street: There is parking lot available. Follow signs.
Hotel Deals:
Coming in from out of town? Click this LINK for a great discount at a hotel under 1 mile away.
Sponsors:
Thanks to our sponsors: Ride Like A Girl, Jaunt, Over The Bar Cafe, Kink BMX, Subrosa Brand, The Shadow Conspiracy, Cinema BMX, Pro Bikes, G-Form, Profile Racing, Square One Clothing, Ethik, Specialized, West Newton Bike Shop, Dirt Rag, Dan's Comp, Aero Tech Designs, Hammer Nutrition, S&M Bikes, Fit Bike Co., and Ink Division Printing.
Returns/Rider Cancellation
In order to keep our instructor ratio low, we do not overbook Ride Like A Girl Weekend. For that reason, there are no refunds for cancellation. You will receive park credit if you cancel up to 2 weeks prior to the starting date of Ride Like A Girl. After 2 weeks, no credit will be given. If something comes up and you're not able to make it, email Mike@thewheelmill.com.
LAS VEGAS — The Nevada Democratic Party quietly sent out an alert earlier this week — party officials are having trouble finding volunteers for the state's all important caucuses, according to two sources with knowledge of the communications.
After Bernie Sanders's victory in New Hampshire and a razor-thin match in Iowa, the attention — and stakes — could not be higher for the Feb. 20 caucuses.
And volunteers are critical. Known as "temporary chairs," volunteers open the caucus site and distribute a packet of materials before the permanent chairs from each campaign takeover and run the caucus.
The role of these temporary chairs is short-lived but crucial and a massive number of them are needed across the state to make sure everything runs smoothly. There are 1,700 precincts statewide, which means that many temporary chairs would be needed as volunteers.
Andres Ramirez, a 20-year veteran Democratic operative, ran outreach for the Nevada caucus in 2008 and said the state party is merely doing its due diligence and urgency is needed simply because often times volunteers don't show up.
He said the party is looking for only 200-300 volunteers statewide.
"We're further along now than we were at this point in 2008," he said.
The 2008 race was the first time Nevada held a high-profile early Democratic caucus and there were problems, with reports of precincts turning chaotic with people not knowing what to do.
There have been other issues as recently as two weeks ago, too. A source with one of the Democratic campaigns said Nevada Democrats were concerned that they didn't have enough large caucus sites — places like large community centers that hold the caucuses for four or five precincts. But the source said they believe that issue has been resolved.
Stewart Boss with the Nevada Democratic Party poured water on the idea of any alarm, saying the party is merely working hard to engage and recruit volunteers in communities across Nevada and other western states to assist with the caucus.
"This is what we did in 2008, 2012, and that's what we're doing again this year," he said in a statement. "This is why caucuses are so important for Nevada Democrats — they help us build our grassroots network of volunteers across the state early in the election cycle."
Ramirez, who was in the war room in 2008, said crazy incidents can occur where more volunteers are needed despite the best efforts of the party.
In 2008, for instance, with dozens of phones ringing around him, he received a call from someone who said the temporary chair sent by the Democratic Party at his precinct had collapsed and had a heart attack, with the caucus packet falling on the caller's foot. Because no one had done a caucus before, people at the precinct told him it must mean he was the new temporary chair.
France has moved to ban any further anti-US demonstrations sparked by the film that has caused deadly protests across the Muslim world and beyond.
As many as 150 people have been arrested in Paris after clashes broke out close to the US embassy, three police officers were hurt.
France is home to the largest Islamic community in Europe.
Manuel Valls is the French Interior Minister:
“I will not allow that fully veiled women, street prayers or hostile slogans against our allies to be heard on our streets, so I will be very firm. Also, these few people shouldn't be confused with the vast majority of our fellow citizens they are caricaturing Islam as it is practised in our country.”
Muslim leaders in France have condemned the film and called for calm and vigilance.
Elsewhere in Europe the German government has barred notorious US preacher Terry Jones from visiting the country amid public order concerns after a far-right group invited the Florida pastor to Germany.
Jones caused uproar in the past with his plan for a public burning of the Koran.
The pro-Deutschland group want to stage a screening of the now infamous film in Berlin.
The German government says it will resort to law to block it.
As we know by now, the LEGO Disney Collectible Minifigures (71012) will be available starting on May 1 but they have already shown up at LEGOLAND Billund. One of the main questions of the series was the box distribution and it looks like we have that answer via someone in the Legend Bricks LEGO 交流交友區 Facebook group which are as follows.
Alien x4
Genie x4
Mickey x4
Mr. Incredible x4
Stitch x4
Syndrome x4
Aladdin x3
Alice x3
Ariel x3
Buzz Lightyear x3
Captain Hook x3
Cheshire Cat x3
Daisy Duck x3
Donald Duck x3
Maleficent x3
Minnie x3
Peter Pan x3
Ursula x3
As you can see, you can still get three complete sets in an unopened, unsearched through box which is great. The distribution is pretty even because there aren't any minifigure that come five in a box now.
Getty Image
More often than not, Ivanka Trump‘s name generally enters the daily news feed for one of two reasons. Either (1) her father, Donald Trump, said something about her that the internet at large had a field day with, or (2) the unpaid senior advisor to the president did or said something counter to daddy's administrative agenda. Both occur with regular frequency, but the latter has plagued political discourse since before the 2016 presidential election came to a close. Considering her and husband Jared Kushner's past predilections for more progressive policies, went the argument, perhaps they could chance the Donald's mind.
Unfortunately for liberals hoping this would be the case, Ivanka's alleged influence on White House policies has been fickle at best. And to water down the popular theory further, she told Fox News in June she “[tries] to stay out of politics” — even though she serves in the administration. More recently, Ivanka told the Financial Times that the idea of her having any kind of liberalizing effect on her father was “unrealistic”:
“Some people have created unrealistic expectations of what they expect from me,” she says in an email. “That my presence in and of itself would carry so much weight with my father that he would abandon his core values and the agenda that the American people voted for when they elected him. It's not going to happen. To those critics, shy of turning my father into a liberal, I'd be a failure to them.”
“To voice dissent publicly would mean I'm not part of the team,” she continues. “When you're part of a team, you're part of a team.” Ivanka also tells FT her not speaking out against anything her father does that she disagrees with “doesn't mean everyone in the White House has homogeneous views” because “we don't, and I think that's good and healthy.” Even so, she concludes, no one is trying to “publicly [undermine]” anyone else in Trump's White House.
Judging by these final comments, however, it seems Ivanka wasn't paying too much attention when Reince Priebus, Anthony Scaramucci, Steve Bannon and many other former Trump officials were forced out of their respective posts. Then again, according to a July report about her and Kushner's dwindling status in the administration, she allegedly wages so little influence her father's often confusing actions and statements leave her “blindsided.”
(Via Financial Times and The Daily Beast)
An unlikely success story of the Jurgen Klopp era, Kevin Stewart looks to have ensured his future remains with Liverpool.
Making his first start of the season in Tuesday night's 2-1 victory over Tottenham in the League Cup round of 16, Stewart provided a reminder of his value within Klopp's first-team squad.
Lining up against his former side for the second time as a senior professional, Stewart was composed and assured, keeping things simple in his role at the base of the midfield.
Though two-goal Daniel Sturridge rightly claimed Man of the Match at Anfield, Liverpool's victory was as much about their diligence in other areas, and for this, Stewart deserves acclaim.
He will never be the star, but Stewart is quietly establishing himself as a dependable squad player for Klopp.
Late Bloomer
That Stewart only made his debut at the beginning of the calendar year, starting alongside the likes of Jose Enrique, Joao Carlos Teixeira and Jerome Sinclair in a FA Cup third-round clash with Exeter City, is a testament to his slow and surprising rise through the ranks.
Stewart signed for Liverpool alongside another former Spurs youngster, Lawrence Vigouroux, at the beginning of the 2014/15 campaign.
But already 20 years old, the boyhood Reds supporter looked set to do little more than make up the numbers in the academy, providing competition at full-back, where he'd played most of his youth career.
The Enfield-born youngster had not represented England at any age level, constantly overlooked by the FA.
Months after signing, Stewart trained with Brendan Rodgers' first team at Melwood, promoted alongside Jordan Williams, but he was soon sent out on loan.
This first saw him join Cheltenham Town, making four appearances for the League Two side, before joining their division rivals Burton Albion, turning out seven times for the Brewers.
By then, Stewart had found his new position in midfield, but prior to that he served as an able utility man, largely utilised at right-back.
Stewart's positional switch was the brainchild of Alex Inglethorpe, Liverpool's academy director, who managed him at under-18 level while a youth coach at Spurs.
“Part of the rational for Kev coming here was that there was a clearer pathway for him to play in a different position,” he explained in September. “As soon as he came in, we played him in midfield.”
Inglethorpe, who enjoys a close relationship with Klopp, will have had a key influence on Stewart's promotion to the first team when the German was short on numbers at the turn of the year.
But of the starting lineup that was held to a 2-2 draw by the Grecians back in January, only one player has featured for Klopp's Reds this season.
Klopp's Grey Man
Stewart has now made 17 appearances for the Liverpool first team, including six Premier League starts and averaging 63.5 minutes per game, but his influence on the Reds' results has gone largely unnoticed.
Occupying an unforgiving role in Klopp's midfield, Stewart's duty is largely defensive, breaking up play and moving the ball on swiftly.
During pre-season, when Stewart played two sumptuous through balls for Divock Origi and Roberto Firmino in August's 4-0 friendly victory over Barcelona, the midfielder showed more to his game, but when turning out in competitive clashes, this has been reduced.
Against Spurs at Anfield, taking over from the suspended Jordan Henderson, Stewart made five successful tackles and five interceptions, seeing more of the ball (6.8%) than any other Liverpool player, and was not dispossessed once.
The 23-year-old blended into the crowd, allowing his more accomplished midfield colleagues, Georginio Wijnaldum, Ovie Ejaria and Marko Grujic, to instigate attacks, serving as the backbone of Klopp's 4-4-2 diamond.
In this sense, Stewart is unique within the Liverpool squad, having seemingly supplanted Lucas Leiva as Klopp's backup defensive midfielder—”he is the best challenger in the squad,” Klopp proclaimed on Tuesday night.
This is likely what endears Stewart to Klopp, with Inglethorpe describing him as “one of the hardest working players I've ever worked with.”
He is an unassuming, undemanding character, possessing the humility and drive to endure in Klopp's system.
Even that day at Wembley Stadium, when Origi finished off a move begun by Stewart hounding Sergio Busquets out of possession and scything apart a centre-back pairing of Javier Mascherano and Jeremy Mathieu, the No. 35 played a minor role in celebrations.
Stewart is an old-fashioned defensive midfielder—no fuss, no frills—and despite Klopp's Liverpool being built on an all-round game, he seemingly has a place under the German in the long term.
Here to Stay?
“He is very important. I've said it a few times,” Klopp continued after Stewart's performance in the League Cup round of 16.
While with many managers this could have been a mere motivational tactic, there is a sense that Klopp's testimony is an honest one, with Stewart adopting a small, but crucial, role in the Premier League this season.
Though he has only played 18 minutes across four appearances in the English top flight in 2016/17, his introduction in the closing stages of victories over Arsenal, Leicester City and Chelsea, and August's 1-1 draw with Spurs at White Hart Lane, is telling.
Stewart is a player Klopp trusts to see out games when Liverpool is on top, steadying the ship in midfield and adding another body into defensive situations.
Against Spurs, replacing Adam Lallana with a minute to play, Stewart was preferred to Lucas, and with the Brazilian's contract set to expire at the end of the season, this could represent transition.
https://youtu.be/XfVO5ccinFs
Having already signed a new long-term contract back in February, Stewart is reportedly in line to agree an extension on his terms, keeping him at the club until at 2021.
This is an emphatic move by Klopp, who is clearly eager to tie down Stewart into his peak years as a midfielder.
Over the next five seasons, Stewart is never likely to establish himself as a regular starter under Klopp, but having carved a niche as a squad player on Merseyside, he looks here to stay.
Hello Amped Asia readers,
My name is Steven Lin. You might remember me as a dating columnist from a few years back. I've been on hiatus because of my long-term girlfriend, but I'm back in the game and ready to teach you guys more about dating & seduction. I wrote a book called “Advanced Asian” a few years ago and it was a great seller for a while, but it's now pretty outdated. Because of that, I want to offer it for free to you guys.
(If you don't want to read this whole post, scroll all the way down to the bottom of the post to download my guide.)
Here's the old description of the guide I had on my site. It's honestly a bit “salesy,” but that's just how sales pages were written back then. It does accurately describe what my book is all about.
The Advanced Asian is the method that I devised in order to become better with women, but what separates this book from the rest of the dating and seduction manuals out there is that it is especially targeted towards Asian men.
I'm a guy who's been in your situation. I've had the strict Asian parents that prevented me from going out with my friends to party and freaked out if they thought I was hanging out with girls (which was almost never, but they warned me anyways). I feel your pain and I know exactly how to combat it. I understand your deep inner demons that need to be exorcised. I've also been a guy who spent a whole year reading seduction and dating material without any real results, and I kept blaming it on the fact that I was Asian and no one wanted an Asian guy.
How wrong I was. A lot of girls wanted to date Asian guys. Just no girls wanted to date ME. I was now this guy that went from just being a little socially awkward to being absolutely creepy. I hope you guys don't make the same mistakes and I don't want you to have to go through the several years I did to become good with women.
That's why I developed this idea of an “Advanced Man”, a man who is completely in charge of his dating life. He is a leader amongst men, a confident alpha male, and a man who has his shit under control. This is the man that I am going to teach you to become. And I'm not going to just give you a couple chapters in a book and expect you to become this man. In my program I've included three sets of day-by-day missions (consisting of 30 days each) to mold you into an “Advanced Man.” This means you're going to learn EXACTLY what it takes to become an Advanced Man and be in control of your dating life.
Take action NOW, because the sooner you become an “Advanced Man,” the sooner you're going to reap the benefits. My system will make it easy for you.
What you will learn with the Advanced Asian e-book
Why you can't just read this book to become good with women and what you must DO (p. 10)
(p. 10) Learn about all the bullshit I had to deal with and what I did to become good with women (p. 13)
In chapter 2 I reveal CRUCIAL mindsets that you absolutely need before you become good with women (p. 13)
mindsets that you absolutely need before you become good with women (p. 13) I talk about some of the common beliefs that Asian men have about women, and why they are COMPLETELY WRONG (p. 15)
(p. 15) Think you look ugly? Don't fret, because I have ten easy tips to give yourself an attractive image , even if you're butted ugly (p.40)
, even if you're butted ugly (p.40) You'll find out the difference between dating Asian girls and Caucasian girls (p. 22)
There are six COMMON mistakes that instantly turn off attractive women (p. 24)
mistakes that instantly turn off attractive women (p. 24) A no-brainer “pick-up line” that actually works (p. 57)
Do you HATE approaching? The way to meet women without having to approach (p. 59)
(p. 59) In chapter 3 on attraction, I will teach you what qualities that will MULTIPLY your chances with beautiful girls (p. 28)
your chances with beautiful girls (p. 28) In the same chapter, I reveal how women subconsciously test a man, and how you can pass their tests (p. 33)
test a man, and how you can pass their tests (p. 33) How to convey your confidence through natural body language techniques (p. 44)
In chapter 3 I also give six verbal techniques I've learned that will generate huge attraction levels in women you've just met (p. 46)
I've learned that will generate huge attraction levels in women you've just met (p. 46) Sure you can always meet women at the night club, but you'll also want to know places to start increasing your skills with women besides bars and clubs (p. 58)
(p. 58) In the same chapter, I also reveal my favorite places to meet Asian Women (p. 59)
(p. 59) Chapter 5 is all about how to MAXIMIZE your chances to get numbers, kisses, and dates (p. 60)
your chances to get number, kisses, and dates (p. 60) How do I approach a woman in the daytime? At malls or coffeeshops?(p. 57)
And how does meeting women change at night? (p. 57)
Tips to increase your chances to sleep with a woman the same night you meet her (p. 61)
Tips for making your date successful and make sure she wants to go on date #2 (p. 64)
Do you want to date a girl in your social circle? (p. 59)
What's the best place to meet Asian girls ? (p. 61)
? (p. 61) I reveal in chapter 6 the most efficient progression from getting her number, to getting her on a date, to getting her in the bedroom (p. 63)
Chapter 7 is all about tips to help you manage a long-term relationship if that's what you're aiming for (p. 70)
FOUR KEYS TO improving your game in the shortest amount of time (p. 76)
in the (p. 76) OUR UNIQUE 90 DAYS TO THE LAY: Training methods that increase your prowess with women (Three different 30 day plans to increase your skills with women) (p. 77)
that increase your prowess with women (Three different 30 day plans to increase your skills with women) (p. 77) Tips for every aspect of a seduction including: approaching, attracting, getting numbers, kissing, having sex, and having relationships
So yeah. Get it for free right now!
Written by Steven Lin
Share 75 Pin 126 Shares
By Maria Saporta
As published in the Atlanta Business Chronicle on June 17, 2016
After years of stops and starts, plans are moving forward to build a new park — one that will be bigger than Centennial Olympic Park — in the heart of Vine City, just west of the new Mercedes-Benz Stadium.
To be known as Mims Park, it received a major boost on June 13 when the Arthur M. Blank Family Foundation announced a challenge grant of $2.5 million to help with the plan.
The City of Atlanta is partnering with the Trust for Public Land to design and build what ideally will be a 16-acre park located within the streets of Joseph E. Boone Boulevard, Walnut Street, Spencer Street and Elm Street.
The park – which is being designed to also serve as a watershed facility to handle storm-water overflow — is expected to cost at least $30 million.
The cost of the water capacity relief facility is expected to be at least $16 million.
The Trust for Public Land is responsible for raising the private dollars for Mims Park.
Penny McPhee, president of the Blank Foundation, said the partners are committed to building “a spectacular new park on the westside.” She added that new parks are a wonderful way to connect a neighborhood.
The land where Mims Park will be located is now almost vacant and owned by the city. Most of the homes that used to stand on that property were acquired by the city and torn down after they were damaged in the 2002 flood.
The city's Department of Watershed will be responsible to clean up contaminated soil on the site, and the property east of Vine Street – the low point of the land – likely will be where the water facility will be located. Several people compared the project to the Historic Fourth Ward Park that also has a storm-water pond feature surrounded by green space and paths.
“It's going to have the same kind of green infrastructure function,” said Curt Soper, TPL's state director for Georgia and Alabama. “We are still working through some of the issues of what the water feature will be.”
Amy Phuong, commissioner of the City of Atlanta's Department of Parks and Recreation, said that because the Historic Fourth Ward Park has been so popular, it will be a similar development.
“It will be an integrated park design,” Phuong said. “We are still in the early stages of the design. Our objective with this park is several things – high quality design, storm water management, soil remediation and the last piece is insuring it honors the history of the community.”
Phuong said the partners are working with the National Monuments Foundation on the design elements as well as the best way to recognize the history of the westside communities.
“We are now investing in the future,” Phuong said. “We really have this opportunity to take leading experts to create a new park in an area of the city where we have historically been under-parked.”
The Blank Foundation is providing three different grants. The first $250,000 grant already has been given to TPL for the design costs. Then it has made a $450,000 matching grant that will be paid when $450,000 has been raised.
The final grant of $1.8 million will be made as the “last money in” for the park.
Jay Wozniak, urban parks director of TPL's Georgia office, said the total cost of the park design will range between $10 million and $15 million, and the Trust will be responsible for raising those funds.
Currently the city has 13.1 acres, and there are some outlying parcels it would like to include so it would eventually become a 16-acre park.
“TPL has a goal of trying to have everyone who lives in cities in America to be within a 10-minute walk from a park and a safe place to play,” Soper said. “The city does not need to own all 16 acres to have a great park.”
McPhee said she would like to see earlier ideas of having a park inspired by famed architect Frederick Law Olmsted incorporated in the new design.
“There's a lot of respect for the work that has been done,” she said of the National Monuments Foundation and its founder Rodney Mims Cook Jr. “We will have an even better park than what was conceptualized.”
When the preliminary design has been drawn up in the next couple of months, it will be shared with the community for its input so neighbors will be able to continue to participate, Phuong said.
Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed announced the initial funding for Mims Park as one of the city's commitments at the 2016 Clinton Global Initiative America that met in Atlanta June 12-14.
When asked when the Mims Park project might be completed, McPhee said, “The aspiration is that the mayor would like to cut the ribbon before he leaves office.”
As Soper said, “We want to make the community a great place to live. We are going to have an aggressive schedule We think by the end of 2017 is definitely possible.”
This is about building healthy muscle memory; or, how to set up positive habits, break negative ones and train yourself into things that soothe overwhelming emotions or uncomfortable emotions.
When you have a hard time managing bad feelings that come up, be it anxiety, loneliness or plain old boredom, often times the only solution is to numb them, whether that be with alcohol, food, television, sex or perhaps a combination of all of them. Worse still, once these types of routines are set up, it's hard to break out of them because you semi-rely on them. They are your self-soothing methods. The biggest downside of unhealthy habits like these is they can trap you for years down the road. One day you're out of shape and chemically “down” because you've been sitting in front of the TV every night eating ice cream. Plus, when you wake up the next morning, you feel exhausted so jogging is just not an option.
So how to alter this habitual life-suck? The answer, most likely, will not come from logical thinking, because to get here in the first place your mind has had to rationalize a lot of unhealthy behavior. No, I've found the most effective way to break negative cycles and replace them with a healthy one is tricking yourself. And if you're going to do it right, time is of the essence.
For example: If you find you are in a situation where you are about to succumb to a negative habit that you're trying to break and/or your emotions are triggered and that is causing you to self-soothe with unhealthy things, as soon as possible and before your brain has time to consider things, jump into a positive action. Literally, while your brain is not looking, just go do it. Don't pause for a second to reconsider, because as soon as you do, your chemically depressed brain will start to talk you out of it.
Wherever your unhealthy habit happens to reside, plan for the attack ahead of time and know how to spot a weak moment. Say you get into bad behaviors when you are alone at home on Friday nights because that's when you feel anxious and depressed. To start a positive habit in the face of this feeling that does not involve dairy and chocolate, as soon as this emotion begins to creep into the back of your mind, grab your jacket and head out for a walk. Or grab your yoga mat and go to whatever class is happening at your local studio. Or walk to a bookstore and text a few friends from there while you peruse the new graphic novels.
Whatever it is, have a list of things that sound at least mildly pleasing to you ready when you need them. Avoid things that are centered around alcohol or sex, because this can become the reason you do not use the “healthy” option one day. The best answer is anything that gets your blood flowing (exercise), anything that gets you around friends who are positive in your life, and anything that sucks up time. If you find you choose a healthy option and you hate it there and regret it immediately, that's totally normal and fine and suck it up just this once. It's par for the course when you're trying out new activities. Just get through it: go through the motions and you will choose something else next time. It's nothing to regret. The activities you choose will not all feel perfect. They might feel awkward or cumbersome or impractical, but eventually you will find your faves and they will be your go-to plans in the future. The important thing is to do something new and healthy and different, and to do it before questioning it.
If you find that you got yourself out of the house but are wandering aimlessly, (going in literal circles of ambivalence), the best rule is to stick to Plan A. Just commit and accept the fact that it might suck a bit. That's okay, just go. It's just a few hours of your life and you can time-waste in creative ways while you're there. The most important part is that you went. You won the battle – the rest is inconsequential.
Once you have your list of ten activities that you can do at any given time when you're in your danger-zones, the process get a lot easier. You might be tired some days or not in the mood others, but it doesn't matter. Shove yourself out the door regardless. Wherever you end up, do your best and don't give it another thought. Just get out the door and go. That's your goal.
“Why? This sounds terrible,” you say. Very soon and when you're not looking, you will notice that you are able to control your actions despite your brain. Even when you're depressed or in a triggered emotional state. The process will get easier and easier, and the best part is, you will mentally and physically start to crave the healthier habit. You will adapt to it and grow a new baseline for health. Suddenly you look up and realize acting responsible and healthy is not so hard or scary, it just is. And from there, you can decide how you want to be, and then actually be that.
Just don't lose momentum in the first month and a half and don't give yourself any slack. Most importantly, never pause to debate. Before you have time to analyze it, just do it. Sometimes your brain can get the best of you. It's your heart and soul that decide who you really want to be.
Happy Sunday, my friends! Xox Sarah
Featured image
All rights reserved by Mary-Heather on Flickr
Presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE said he supports a higher minimum wage, but said he thinks the decision should be left to state governments.
ADVERTISEMENT
"I don't know how people make it on $7.25 an hour. Now, with that being said, I would like to see an increase of some magnitude," the billionaire said Sunday on NBC's "Meet the Press." "But I'd rather leave it to the states. Let the states decide."
He said he wouldn't support a federal minimum wage "floor."
"I'd rather have the states go out and do what they have to do," Trump said. "And the states compete with each other, not only other countries, but they compete with each other.
"So I like the idea of let the states decide, but I think people should get more," Trump said. "I think they're out there. They're working. It is a very low number."
Trump first expressed willingness to raising the federal minimum wage during an interview on Wednesday.
The federal minimum wage is $7.25, but labor groups have been pushing for it to be raised to $15. During a November debate, Trump voiced opposition to an increase. “I hate to say it, but we have to leave it the way it is,” he said at the time. And during a November appearance on MSNBC's “Morning Joe,” Trump said the current minimum wage is too high and was slowing job growth.
Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton backs a $12 minimum wage and has supported local attempts to push for $15 per hour; her rival, Bernie Sanders, supports a $15 federal minimum wage.
Republicans at large are against raising that number.
Some outside groups have started doing the same to vulnerable Senate Republicans. “If she's so independent, why is she still supporting Trump?” asks Independence USA, a super PAC underwritten by former Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg of New York, in a television ad attacking Ms. Ayotte set to begin running Friday in New Hampshire.
But Republicans like Ms. Ayotte, who says she is voting for Mr. Trump but not endorsing him, could have a difficult time winning if Mr. Trump's admirers spurn her.
“If she loses any of them, that could be an issue,” said Jeb Bradley, a Republican state senator in New Hampshire and a former member of Congress who lost a bid to reclaim his seat in 2008 thanks in part to the Democratic wave that year.
Mr. Burr, who has endorsed Mr. Trump, and Mr. Toomey, who has not, face a similar dilemma. They must determine how to retain Mr. Trump's ardent supporters without embracing him, handing Democrats easy fodder and repelling independents.
The situation is far more manageable in those states where Mr. Trump is more competitive. In Ohio, for example, Senator Rob Portman is seen as running a solid campaign. But Mr. Portman also retained his lead in part because even during this recent stretch, Mr. Trump has fallen behind Mrs. Clinton only by around four points in public polling.
Some Republicans believe that, in Democratic-leaning or evenly matched states, Republican candidates are better off abandoning Mr. Trump because the party's most reliable voters are still likely to go to the polls and support every Republican on the ballot.
“I think offending half of Republican primary voters is less risky than angering every swing voter in a state where the Republican base is not enough to win,” said Mike Murphy, a Republican strategist.
North Korea has reportedly announced a plan to launch ballistic missiles toward Guam.
Pyongyang detailed its plan, which includes launching four of its Hwasong-12 missiles to waters by Guam, The Associated Press reported.
The missiles would fly over Japan and go “1,065 seconds before hitting the waters 30 to 40 kilometers away from Guam,” according to the news service.
ADVERTISEMENT
The plan will reportedly be given to leader Kim Jong-un in the next few weeks for approval.
The news comes as President Trump intensifies his rhetoric against North Korea.
Earlier this week, Trump issued a warning to Kim.
"He has been very threatening beyond a normal state, and as I said they will be met with fire, fury and frankly power, the likes of which this world has never seen before,” Trump said at his golf club in Bedminster, N.J.
On Wednesday, Trump ratcheted up his rhetoric, touting the strength of the U.S. nuclear arsenal.
Trump in a tweet said he hopes the U.S. will never have to use this "power" but added there will "never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world."
His comments came after a report that North Korea crossed a major threshold in its quest to become a nuclear power by successfully producing a miniaturized nuclear warhead that can fit into a missile.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson Rex Wayne TillersonHeather Nauert withdraws her name from consideration for UN ambassador job Trump administration's top European diplomat to resign in February Pompeo planning to meet with Pat Roberts amid 2020 Senate speculation MORE on Wednesday urged Americans to remain calm and said he doesn't think there is "any imminent threat" from North Korea.
Ever since the Battle of Indiana, Rod Dreher has been quoting anonymous e-mails and other conversations with conservatives in higher education. The message from each of them is roughly the same: It's worse than you think, if our views were known, we'd have real trouble on campus, and the campus is closing to Christian thought — with even Christian campuses bowing to the PC gods.
Advertisement
Advertisement
I have two responses to this. First, anyone faces social exclusion or career adversity because of their Christian or (especially) Christian conservative beliefs has my sympathy. Imagine, for a moment, working your entire life towards a career goal and then realizing that all that work could be rendered meaningless if your colleagues understand that you believe the Bible, that you can recite every word of the Apostles' Creed (and mean it). Imagine the financial insecurity and the stress on your family at the thought that the wrong word at the wrong time could cost you your hard-earned job. I've been a Christian in Ivy League higher ed — both as a student and a teacher — and I know what it's like. It's not easy.
Second, man up anyway. You're part of the problem.
Advertisement
I'm sorry, but I have a real problem — in an era when Christians are getting their heads sawed off in the Middle East — with the idea that, say, an American sociology professor feels to scared to proclaim his real beliefs on a liberal campus. I have a real problem — in an era when young Americans have been dying by the thousands in Afghanistan and Iraq in defense of liberty — with the idea that Americans on campus are too timid to even attempt to exercise those blood-bought freedoms. I have a problem with Christians — despite the example of Christ and the Apostles — who are too fearful to share the reason for their eternal hope. No one's asking you to be a street preacher or some kind of unthinking loudmouth, but you should be ashamed of your timidity.
Every single person who is a Christian who stays “in the closet” — who's timid about his or her faith — provides fuel to the PC fire, contributing to the notion that there really is something to be ashamed of, that what he believes is somehow wrong.
Advertisement
Advertisement
In reality, the timid Christian has already lost. Without a single act of overt censorship, the forces of PC intolerance end debate, silence a thoughtful voice, and make other Christians feel more isolated than they should.
The courageous Christian (“courage” is a strong word when there's no physical danger), however, not only calls their bluff, he or she finds allies, and also discovers that even individual Christians still have extraordinary legal and cultural power to impact their campuses (and the broader culture). In real war, it's typically safer inside the foxhole — huddled outside the sight of the enemy. In the culture war, the foxhole is exactly where the other side wants you, while they roam free, unopposed, across the cultural landscape.
Timid Christians are the masters of self-fulfilling prophecy. Yes, things are getting worse. Partly because of you.
.- During a recent event discussing the origin and implementation of European hate-speech laws, lawyers argued that the “ill-conceived” laws pose a danger to free speech and often stifle constructive dialogue.
“While human rights provisions are meant to limit the reach of the state and empower citizens, hate speech laws do just the opposite – and that is why they are a tool of totalitarianism and not free democracies,” Alliance Defending Freedom's legal advocate Paul Coleman stated in a July 4 speech.
Coleman's discourse was part of a side-event hosted by the Alliance Defending Freedom and the Observatory on Intolerance and Discrimination Against Christians in Europe during a July 3 – 4 Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe's (‘OSCE') Supplementary Human Dimension Meeting, which took place at the Hofburg Palace in Vienna.
Referring to the side event's title “'Hate Speech' Laws in the OSCE Region: A Growing Threat to Freedom of Expression,” Coleman explained to CNA July 8 that the laws are not well defined, and therefore “are considered to be ill-conceived for several reasons.”
“The concept of ‘hate speech' has no universally recognized understanding, as the European Court of Human Rights has said,” the lawyer noted, adding that because of this “hate speech laws are often over-extensive. They are loosely worded, employing malleable concepts such as ‘insult' or ‘contempt.'”
“This allows them to be arbitrarily enforced by the police and tempts judges to make undemocratic value judgments when interpreting and applying the law,” he continued, observing that because the laws lack an “objective standard,” they focus more on how the listener feels and exclude “the truth of the statement.”
In his speech for the side event Coleman gave a brief history of hate-speech laws in Europe, detailing how they arose in the 1940s after the foundation of the United Nations. Following the U.N.'s formation it launched the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which included the right to free speech.
Recalling how there were some who argued that unbridled free speech would allow “hateful propaganda” to spread and so demanded limitations, the lawyer noted that the dominant voice in these objections came from “the communist led nations of the day: the former Soviet Union and her allies.”
“Of course, present day ‘hate speech' laws cannot be rejected simply because they were first introduced through the concerted pressure of totalitarian regimes,” he clarified, “But this fact ought to at least arouse suspicion among modern day supporters of ‘hate speech' laws.”
Naming several reasons why the present day laws should not be considered in the restriction of free speech, Coleman stated that first of all they “restrict the self-fulfillment of the individual.”
“The realization and fulfilment of one's potential as a human being is an intrinsic human good,” he said, observing how the free exchange of thoughts and opinions “is essential for achieving this goal.”
“Hate speech laws restrict the attainment of truth,” he continued. “It is only by the collision of adverse opinions that truth has any chance of being supplied,” he affirmed, stating that the laws suppress this exchange.
Another reason the laws should not be considered is because they “greatly restrict free speech, without which there can be no discussion amongst an informed citizenry, and without discussion there is no democratic process.”
“This applies not just to ideas or speech that are popular or inoffensive, but also to words that may offend, shock or disturb.”
Noting how hate speech and insult laws “have a chilling effect that leads to self-censorship and the shutting down of dialogue,” Coleman explained that “Rather than promoting tolerance, hate speech laws can actually lead to even greater intolerance and marginalization by driving unpopular ideas underground where they are left unaddressed.”
Coleman observed how the laws can also lead to a withdrawal “of tolerance and free expression” among those who simply hold different viewpoints, particularly on the topics of marriage and religion.
“They have been used to fine or silence pastors for preaching in their churches, and café owners for displaying Bible verses on their store's televisions,” he went on, citing a case from 2009 in which the owners of a Liverpool hotel were arrested after a guest complained to the police about a breakfast conversation in which they discussed their differing religious viewpoints.
Although the couple was eventually acquitted of the hate speech charges, the 20,000 Lira cost of the prosecution as well as the withdrawal of one of their largest clients after the investigation caused them to sell their business.
Citing a final reason why the laws are concerning, the lawyer stated that they “conceal deeper social issues” by diverting “public attention from the real causes of a crisis that affects society as a whole.”
“Seemingly irrational expressions of hate based on the status of a target can alert us to the fact that something is wrong in the body politic, and that change is needed,” he affirmed.
“These reasons should give pause and lend balance to historical and cultural defenses of hate speech law.”
Wine & Food Pairings
For those who are not quite the wine aficionados that many claim to be, this infographic can be a big help when trying to find the right wine to go with your food. We all have had wine and tried it during various occasions, but did you know that certain wines go with certain foods? Its true, and wine connoisseurs will be more than happy to point this information out to you.
As far as I am concerned there are two types of wine, red and white. Obviously there is much more to wine than just color. Each wine has a distinct taste that works well with the flavors in certain foods. Many of us figure out on our own that Moscato does not go well with fish or that you should never serve Merlot with your dessert. These are combinations that would be unheard of in the finer eateries of the world.
So my advice to those wine novices who are looking to delve deeper into the world of wine, make sure you check out this infographic and learn the correct wine pairings. You never know when you will be hosting a party or designated to order the wine for a table in a restaurant and this information will come right back to you.
This Food Infographic was created by Wine Folly
We have found 3 more Wine & Food Pairing infographics. Click images for larger viewing.
Pairing Wine & Food
Pairing Glasses of Wine and Food
Food and Wine Pairing Chart
Now you have no excuse for pairing the right wine with the right food. Or, you can drink what wine you like with the food you like and be just as happy.
Download this infographic.
Rashad McCants shared several of his regrets about his basketball career with the Charlotte Observer yesterday. There's not bringing attention to UNC's academic scandal sooner and not trying to handle the situation internally while he was still in school, among others. But his single biggest source of remorse? Dating Khloe Kardashian.
But McCants' biggest regret was his highly-publicized relationship with reality TV star Khloe Kardashian late in his career, which he said gave people an opportunity to doubt his commitment to the NBA. “Without that situation in play, I'm a $60-70 million players,” McCants said. “Easily.”
The pair dated for about six months in 2008 and officially broke up in January 2009, shortly before the Timberwolves unloaded McCants to the Kings. He was averaging nine points per game at the time. After finishing out the season with Sacramento, he did not play in the NBA again. He has since washed out of the D-League (twice), the Phillippine Basketball Association, the French Pro A League, the Chinese Basketball Association, Novo Basquete Brasil and the Lebanese Basketball League.
Kardashian, for her part, does not seem to have any regrets. “He's a loser,” she told OK! Magazine in 2009.
[Charlotte Observer]
NEW DELHI/KOLKATA: Kolkata, Bangalore and Mumbai shared honours as students registered all-time high scores in the class X and XII results conducted by the Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations, led by a Kolkata boy who had a near-perfect 99.75% in the class XII exam. Arkya Chatterjee of Kolkata's Vivekananda Mission School scored 399 out of 400 in his best-of-four subjects, beating the previous highest of 398 registered in 2012 . Arkya had three perfect scores — 100 out of 100 in Mathematics, Physics and Computer Science.So, where did Arkya ‘slip'? “A 99 out of 100 in English,” said the 18-year-old, with a shy smile. He also notched up 99 in Chemistry.A Barcelona supporter and die-hard Messi fan, Arkya told TOI he spent 10 to 12 hours a day preparing for the board exams. “I am a little undecided between taking up pure science for graduation or going for engineering. Given a chance I would love to study physics at IISc, Bangalore,” he said.The overall pass percentage in ISC (class XII) was 96.28, up by 1.01% from 2014. South India continued to dominate the pass percentages, registering 99.08 (English plus best three subjects).The commerce toppers this year were S Kavya from Vidya Niketan School, Bangalore, and Rounak Agarwal of Delhi Public School Megacity, Kolkata, who scored 99.50%. Priyanka Sen of G D Birla Centre for Education, Kolkata, with a score of 99.50% was the arts topper for 2015.The familiar story of girls beating boys continued. The girls' pass percentage in ISC was 97.24 as against the boys' 94.29. A total of 71,141 candidates appeared for the exams conducted in 52 written subjects. The maximum number of candidates were from the northern region. The southern region, though, had the highest percentage of girls, 49.49, who had appeared for the examination.A total of 138 candidates with special difficulties took the exam, of which six dyslexic candidates and four visually challenged scored over 90%. One of the four candidates who took their exams from hospital also scored more than 90%.The northern region, where Delhi/NCR falls, was fourth in overall pass percentage among the five regions, registering 96.04%. The north topper was Rupal Goel of Holy Child School, Ghaziabad who scored 99% in commerce.The council also announced the class X results on Monday, whose overall pass percentage registered a marginal increase. The overall pass percentage was 98.49 up by 0.21% from 2014. Girls' pass percentage was 98.95 as opposed to 98.12 among boys. South zone again topped with 99.66 pass percentage.The top position was being shared by three candidates — Sougata Chowdhury, St Xavier's Collegiate School, Kolkata, Ananya Harshad Patwardhan, Chatrabhuj Narsee Memorial School, Mumbai, and Tezan Tapan Sahu, St Mary's ICSE School, Navi Mumbai, all scoring 99.2% (496/500).The topper from Delhi/NCR region was Harshita Choudhary of Sri Ram School, Gurgaon, scoring 98.8%. The pass percentage of Delhi/NCR region was 98.50%.Category wise results have also improved significantly, with 97.18% of the SC, 96.48% of ST and 98.28% of the OBC candidates qualifying the class X exam. Similarly 95.02% of SC, 93.22% of ST and 95.71% of OBC candidates qualified the class XII exam.
‘I know Senator Cormann was cranky yesterday but the olive branch is well and truly out,' independent tells ABC
Nick Xenophon says there is scope for compromise on financial advice
The independent senator Nick Xenophon says there is scope for compromise on the government's controversial financial planning regulations, despite his successful effort with crossbench colleagues to torpedo them on Wednesday.
Xenophon told the ABC on Thursday morning he was offering an olive branch to the finance minister, Mathias Cormann, after the boilover in the Senate on Wednesday. “I think there is some scope for some sensible compromises,” he said. “I know Senator Cormann was cranky yesterday but the olive branch is well and truly out.”
The independent teamed up with the Palmer United party rebel Jacqui Lambie, the Australian Motoring Enthusiast party senator Ricky Muir, the independent John Madigan, Labor and the Greens on Wednesday to disallow the government's future of financial advice regulations.
The former Labor government introduced the Fofa package to increase protection for consumers obtaining advice from financial planners.
After winning last year's election, the Abbott government moved to wind back some of Labor's changes. But Wednesday's successful disallowance means the system will revert to its previous form.
Wednesday's events in the Senate also revealed the fracturing of the PUP voting bloc in the upper house.
The government had gathered the numbers to pass its preferred Fofa regime this year courtesy of support from PUP and Muir. Lambie and Muir told the Senate on Wednesday they had made a mistake in supporting the deal because the changes were bad for consumers. Both senators signalled an intention to vote independently in future.
Xenophon dismissed the government's arguments that Wednesday's developments would drive up the cost of financial advice, reduce competition and throw the sector into regulatory chaos. “I accept that Mathias Cormann is using Orwellian language. It is simply ridiculous,” the South Australian said on Thursday morning.
But he said he hoped he could resume dialogue with Cormann and the government and other groups in the Senate after the finance minister had a “Bex and a lie down.” Xenophon said he was prepared to sit down with the industry and consumer groups and the government and fellow senators to find common ground.
Cormann, in a separate interview on the ABC, said the debate had been hijacked by “vested commercial interests”. The finance minister said the government's overhaul of Fofa had kept necessary consumer protection but eliminated unnecessary red tape.
The minister – who launched an unsuccessful procedural filibuster on Wednesday in an effort to derail the disallowance – said agreement with the crossbench might still be possible. “Let's see. We now have until 30 June to continue the conversation. Let's see where we end up.”
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Utah wildlife officials will allow more cougars to be hunted this year due to an increase in attacks on farm animals and indications the animals' population is doing well in the state.
The decision last week by the Utah Wildlife Board to increase the number of cougars that can be hunted to 522 — up by about 5 percent from last year — triggered backlash from the Humane Society, which argues the increase is unnecessary and nothing more than a way to appease trophy hunters.
The yearly cougar hunting quota ebbs and flows by year based on research about the animal's population and data about livestock killed, said Leslie McFarlane, mammals program coordinator for the Utah Division of Wildlife Resources.
The number of sheep and cattle killed by cougars nearly doubled last year, she said. Most of the regions where the increases were approved are in the areas where the attacks occurred, she said.
In some areas of the state, hunters can get cougar permits over the counter until quotas are reached. In other areas, hunters have to apply through a drawing to get permission.
The cougar hunting program not only promotes unethical trophy hunting, it puts at risk a population of an animal people love, said Sundays Hunt, the Humane Society of the United States' Utah state director.
Hunting cougars doesn't necessarily protect sheep and cattle, she said, because it just emboldens young cougars to be aggressive. Every adult male cougar killed leads to chaos in the animals' social structure by depriving mothers and kittens of fathers and inviting young male cougars to come fight each other for the territory, she said.
"It's just complete havoc," Hunt said.
Wendy Keefover, of the Humane Society's wildlife department in Utah, said the state is ignoring decades of research that shows the Utah cougar population is vulnerable.
"Cougar biologists say there's too much hunting going on and it's an amount that is unsustainable," Keefover said. "It robs other people of the ability to see a large cougar in the wild."
McFarlane scoffs at the notion they aren't using proper science to make decisions. She said research from last year's hunt shows most of the cougars killed were older than 5-years-old, an indication the animal is doing well since there are so many animals reaching adulthood.
The state, however, doesn't have an estimate on the total number of cougars living in the state, she said. That's because cougars are elusive animals, making it difficult to do an aerial survey or other observations to gauge the population, she said.
McFarlane said the Humane Society simply doesn't want any cougar hunting anywhere, defending the premise of the hunting program.
"It's a way we can manage populations so we don't get to where we have too many nuance problems with cougars coming into town," McFarlane said. "It's also a way we can provide opportunity for sportsmen within the state."
Copyright © The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
×
Related Stories
Crime Scenes and Alternate Light Sources
Don Penven
Alternate light sources, a much-needed tool for CSIs
Over many decades, visible light sources were used during most searches of crime scenes. Although some forensic investigators would occasionally use ultraviolet (UV Black Light) to examine for crime scene evidence, white light was the mainstay. But in the 1970s the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) added a new dimension to forensic examination of physical evidence.
The “Mounties” pioneered the use of argon-ion lasers, but these expensive, cumbersome, bulky machines were impractical for use at crime scenes, so their use was limited to the crime lab.
The birth of alternate light sources
Portable lasers began to appear in the marketplace in the 1980s, but their usefulness was limited to mostly a single color of light. In the 1990s the availability of high intensity incandescent lamps slowly revolutionized alternate light source analysis of physical evidence since these machines, many weighing less than 20 pounds, could provide an intense light beam that could be passed through various filters covering from visible blue, green, yellow and red light. Using these colors enhanced the ability to reveal an abundance of what would otherwise be invisible evidence. But one element is still missing.
What is fluorescence?
Merely shining a blue or other visible color light onto an object in and of itself does not show us much. You see, certain materials possess a property called fluorescence. Fluorescence occurs when light of a certain color and light frequency strikes an object, and the object returns light of a different color and frequency. This fluorescence is much weaker in intensity than the light beam that created it, so to visualize the fluorescence, the crime scene technician must use filtration that blocks the visible light but passes the fluorescence. For example: if the visible light beam is blue light, the filter must be orange in color. This blocks the intense blue light but passes the weak fluorescence. UV light, on the other hand, is invisible, but it produces visible fluorescence from certain objects and substances. No filtration is required to view UV fluorescence, but eye protection in the form of clear glass or plastic lenses is recommended.
Detecting hidden blood stains in crime scenes
If you watch many of the TV “Cop” shows, you will see at some point those working a crime scene using a blue light in search of invisible blood (blood stains that were cleaned up). Shazam! Blue-white stains appear all over the floors, walls and objects sitting around the crime scene! But in reality—this cannot happen. You see, blood does not fluoresce by applying UV or visible blue light.
Blood, even minute quantities that remain after clean-up, can be made to “luminesce;” that is, by spraying certain chemicals such as Luminol, BlueStar or Fluorescene on the various surfaces, blood will luminesce, or simply “glow in the dark”—and adding blue light is not necessary. So what can alternate light sources reveal? Although blood does not fluoresce, certain other physiological fluids will. UV alternate light sources can reveal the following: seminal fluid, saliva and urine stains. Also, certain narcotics will fluoresce as will bone and teeth fragments.
Other uses of alternate light sources Indeed, many forms of physical evidence will fluoresce. But modern science has resulted in the development of chemicals that “make” objects fluoresce. When using fluorescent chemicals, latent fingerprint development can be greatly improved. Fluorescent latent print powders have the ability to make the latent residue on a surface fluoresce. The benefit here is that the ridges fluoresce brightly and when photographed, a multi-colored or confused background can be minimized to the point where it does not show up in photographs. Fluorescent liquids are used to develop latent prints on porous surfaces such as paper and cardboard.
Fluorescent dyes are used to enhance latent prints developed using superglue fuming. The use of alternate light sources provides a highly practical and efficient means of locating physical evidence at crime scenes. The invention and perfection of Light Emitting Diodes (LEDs) has further advanced evidence recovery since even 1 and 3 watt LEDs can be installed in small, hand-held flashlights, and their performance is remarkable.
About the Author
Don Penven has more than 35 years direct and indirect experience in law enforcement. He currently serves as a technical support representative and technical writer for Sirchie fingerprint Labs. He maintains the Blog: www.CSITECHBLOG.com and can be reached at dpenven@sirchie.com
Article submitted by the Author
Article posted: April 4, 2013
Ms Barraclough says that Madonna will have no more sympathy from her
Even though Madonna is on stage, rules of decency apply to all people
She says that there is a ridiculous double standard for men and women
Ms Barraclough argues that if this were a male, there would be outrage
When Madonna sensationally pulled down a 17-year-old fan, Josephine Georgious', top onstage, exposing her breast in front of thousands of people, it immediately made headlines.
But Corrine Barraclough argues that there wasn't enough outrage over the singer's bizarre antics.
Anyone aggrieved by Madonna showing up hours late to her concerts this week must be wide-eyed and shivering silently in shock today.
Necking shots, swigging from a hip flask and acting erratically on stage is controversial and questionable enough.
But yanking a young girl's top down on stage, exposing her breast? Madonna, what the hell are you playing at?
Scroll down for video
Too controversial: Writer Corrine Barraclough argues that Madonna's behaviour on tour in Brisbane is totally unacceptable
Identified girl: Since Madonna pulled down her top in Brisbane, the 17-year-old girl has been identified as Josephine Georgious
Unbalanced act: She says that: 'Necking shots, swigging from a hipflask and acting erratically on stage is controversial and questionable enough', but this is too far
If this was a male performer, there would be absolute outrage by now.
If Robin Thicke blurred the lines to this appalling, shameful extent for instance, there would be calls for his head, demands he pay a large fine and requests for him to leave the country, shamed forever.
Being invited up on stage by a performer is supposed to go down as a memorable experience for all the right reasons.
Crazy behaviour: This follows the instance where Madonna yanked down a female fan's top on stage - behaviour which, Ms Barraclough says: 'If this was a male performer, there would be absolute outrage'
Not how it should be: She says that being invited up on stage is supposed to be a 'memorable experience' for a fan
Unusual action: According to Ms Barraclough, even Robin Thicke hasn't gone this far on stage
You don't see Enrique Iglesias yanking tops down as he holds a fan mesmerised, staring into their eyes singing, ‘Let me be your hero…'
Perhaps we would have been amused if Madonna had stopped herself after saying: 'She's the kind of girl that you just want to slap on the**.' But she didn't stop there.
When the deed was done and the poor girl's flesh exposed to the world, caught on camera and uploaded to social media for the entire population of the globe to see, Madonna exclaimed:
“Oh sh*t. Oh sorry, sexual harassment.” Yes, that's correct, that's exactly what this is.
Madonna's words: Madonna's sentiments after the deed did not help proceedings - the pop star exclaimed: 'Oh sh*t. Oh sorry, sexual harassment'
Finished and done: But the damage was done when 'the poor girl's flesh [was] exposed to the world, caught on camera and uploaded to social media for the entire population of the globe to see'
If we were all so affronted by Chris Gayle's flirty chat up line, how would we have reacted if he had exposed a part of a woman's body? Then, rightly, we could have called for his head on a platter.
And in what world is it excusable just because you're on stage? Exposing a private part of someone's body without their consent, no matter where you are or what sex you are, is entirely unjustifiable.
Shoe on the other foot: According to Ms Barraclough, if Chris Gayle had had behaved this way, 'we could have called for his head on a platter'
If we, as women, want to be treated as equals, we have to stop with these double standards
It wholly crosses the line of acceptability and just because you're a woman doesn't make this okay. If we, as women, want to be treated as equals, we have to stop with these double standards.
Rules of decency apply to all people. There were cries at the time of the Gayle fiasco that no one should have to put up with that kind of behaviour in their workplace.
If that is so, the stage is Madonna's workplace and while we can write off her tardiness and drinking we cannot - and should not - laugh off her breaking the law.
Entirely unjustifiable: Instead, Ms Barraclough says this act was entirely unjustifiable, and 'crosses the line of acceptability'
It's a relief to see the 17-year-old smiling in interviews saying, “I can't believe all the fuss about my boob”.
But should really let this go? She's a carefree 17-year-old; we are not all 17 or carefree.
We have a responsibility as a society to question and to ask ourselves, is this really ok? The truth is, we should all be complaining.
Lack of complaint: While Queensland Police have told Daily Mail Australia that no complaint has been lodged, Australian law deems it a crime to touch someone indecently without their consent
Disgraceful and shameless: Ms Barraclough says this was 'disgraceful behaviour from a 57-year-old woman who is almost fifty years beyond knowing better'
This is disgraceful behaviour from a 57-year-old woman who is almost fifty years beyond knowing better
This is disgraceful behaviour from a 57-year-old woman who is almost fifty years beyond knowing better.
I felt sorry for Madonna when she broke down on stage and cried tears for her estranged son Rocco, showing images of him on a giant projector.
I felt sorry for her when it was reported that she'd told friends she has lost the custody battle.
She'll have no more sympathy from me.
Anyone else intending to go to her show might like to turn up three hours late - and wear an extra pair of underwear. Or if I was you, I'd save yourself the bother, get a refund and stay home.
No more sympathy: Corrine Barraclough says she will no longer feel sorry for Madonna, after she broke down on stage
BAGHDAD — Iraqi forces have begun an assault on Falluja, a city that has been held by the Islamic State longer than any other in Iraq or Syria, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said in a televised speech on Monday.
“Today we will tear down the black flags of the strangers who have kidnapped this city,” Mr. Abadi, referring to the flags of the Islamic State that have been flying in Falluja for more than two years, said in a speech alongside military commanders just after midnight.
However, Iraqi forces did not begin entering the city on Monday, but continued to fire mortar and artillery rounds at it, as they have for months. Officials said pro-government forces had taken some small districts on the outskirts of Falluja, as well as a government building in Karma, a city to the northeast of Falluja that has long been contested by the government and the Islamic State.
Mr. Abadi and other Iraqi leaders have frequently made bold statements heralding new military offensives, only for the efforts to stall on the ground. But the new determination to assault Falluja signaled a shift in tactics for the Iraqi government.
I remember watching Three's Company many years ago- and while it wasn't in the same league as All In The Family or The Odd Couple, it was just good light entertainment, which made you laugh and took your mind off of reality- which is exactly what entertainment is supposed to do (And what modern shows fail to do!)
It has been a LONG time seen I've seen this show, as I do not have my TV connected to the outside world; I only watch DVDs; and i had been wanting this series for some time- but in the past, the price was too high to justify me purchasing it. Naturally, when I saw the complete series now available in one set for under 60 clams, I was ecstatic, and purchased it right away.
I am completely satisfied with this set, for the price. The packaging is adequate, and doesn't take up too much space- and while the packaging and even the DVDs themselves seem to be of minimal quality, I'm sure they will last if treated with reasonable care. Picture and audio quality are good so far (I'm only on the first disc, mind you...).
Some are complaing about lack of extras- but personally, I don't care. I'm just glad that the complete series is available in one package for this price. How often does one watch the extras, anyway? In my opinion, the producers did the right thing by making the series available at a price I am willing to pay. I mean, C'mon- this isn't Seinfeld; it's just a semi-slapstick light comedy, with the great Norman Fell as the butt of many sex jokes...and then later, the great Don Knotts. Fun to atch, and one of the best of it's genre...but really, how much can be said?
If you enjoyed watching the show in the past, and are lookin for laughs and a break from reality; buy this- it is well worth the reasonable price, and will provide endless laughs. I tend to prefer intelligent humor, but this is one of the few sit-coms which can still make me laugh out loud. And unlike most shows, it is good right from the start! (Some shows take a while to hit their stride; and for the actors to fully get into their characters- but this one is right on the mark from the first episode!)
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Watch Trump, Clinton Zingers from Al Smith Charity Dinner 1:59 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
NEW YORK — Well, that got awkward quickly.
What began as the expected ribbing of presidential candidates at the white-tie Al Smith Dinner Thursday turned to boos as Donald Trump described Hillary Clinton as "corrupt" at the event, which is a major fundraiser for the Catholic charities connected to the Archdiocese of New York.
Trump's biggest laugh of the night came as he referred to his wife's partly plagiarized convention speech, in a joke that began with his complaint that the media is biased.
"Michelle Obama gives a speech and everyone loves it, they think she's absolutely great. My wife, Melania, gives the exact same speech and people get on her case!" Trump said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump Jokes About Melania's 'Exact Same' Speech as Michelle Obama 1:13 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
As laughter and applause filled the room Trump speculated he was in "trouble" with Melania for the joke, and implored to Cardinal Timothy Dolan: "Cardinal, please speak to her."
The crowd stayed with Trump while he ticked down a list of what he called "corny" jokes about being a former Democrat and sarcastically calling himself "modest." And they mostly laughed along when he joked about Clinton accidentally bumping into him backstage and saying "pardon me."
"I very politely replied: Let me talk to you about that after I get into office," Trump landed the punchline. Clinton was seen laughing.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Cardinal Dolan reveals 'touching moments' between Trump and Clinton at Al Smith dinner 4:03 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But Trump was quick to take some campaign trail attacks with him to the dais at the annual dinner. He called Clinton "so corrupt she got kicked off the Watergate Commission" and lobbed his usual line that Clinton has been in politics for 30 years and accomplished little. "I can fix it, she says," he deadpanned as the crowd's mood noticeably shifted.
As the boos rolled in Trump wondered who they were booing. "I don't know who they're angry at Hillary, you or I?" he said. Someone in the crowd yelled out "you!"
Trump's next line struck a nerve. "Here she is in public, pretending not to hate Catholics," Trump said, referencing an apparent email exposed by WikiLeaks in which a Clinton spokeswoman seemed to joke about Catholics and evangelicals.
Trump also brought up a moment from the debate Wednesday night.
"Last night, I called Hillary a 'nasty woman.' This stuff is all relative. After listening to Hillary rattle on and on, I don't think so badly of Rosie O'Donnell anymore. In fact, I'm actually starting like Rosie a lot," Trump said.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump: After Listening to Hillary I Don't Think So Badly of Rosie Any more 0:35 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
The Democratic nominee, for her part, poked fun at herself while also taking searing jabs at her opponent. Clinton didn't hesitate to slam Trump for his past comments on women and his ambivalence about accepting next month's election results.
In contrast with Trump, Clinton also made a point of acknowledging both the purpose and the history of the Al Smith dinner and closed her speech with a big-picture campaign message that was tied to the positive focus of Thursday's Catholic fundraiser.
Clinton did receive several loud groans from the audience at several of her jokes. Her top zingers included jabs about Trump dismantling a prompter at a rally last week and her opponent's propensity toward speaking favorably about Russia.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Donald Trump slammed over election result comment and 'mean' Al Smith dinner jokes 3:06 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"Maybe you saw Donald dismantle his prompter the other day. And I get that. They're hard to keep up with and I'm sure it's even harder when you're translating from the original Russian," she said.
Clinton also joked about her health, which Trump has made an issue on the campaign trail, as well as criticism over paid speeches. "I took a break from my rigorous nap schedule to be here," Clinton told the audience. "Usually, I charge a lot for speeches like this."
Turning to Trump, she said, "Donald, if at any time you don't like what I say, feel free to stand up and shout 'Wrong!' after I say it."
And diving into the dominant news of the day, she said: "I'm surprised I'm up here at all. I didn't think he'd be OK with a peaceful transition of power."
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Clinton: 'Donald Looks at the Statue of Liberty and Sees a 4' 0:47 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But Clinton had her own sharply-worded jokes. "People look at the Statue of Liberty and they see a proud symbol of our history as a nation of immigrants. A beacon of hope for people around the world. Donald looks at the Statue of Liberty and sees a four — maybe a five if she loses the torch and tablet and changes her hair," she said.
Clinton joked that "getting through these three debates with Donald has to count as a miracle."
"There is nothing like sharing a stage with Donald Trump. Donald wanted me drug tested before last night's debate. And look, I've got to tell you, I am so flattered that Donald thought I used some sort of performance enhancer," Clinton said. "Now, actually I did: it's called preparation."
Finally, Clinton found a foe that both parties could rally against: "Let's come together, remember what unites us, and just rip on Ted Cruz."
The "Ground Zero Mosque" is many things, but it is neither at ground zero nor is it really a mosque.
So argued Keith Olbermann during Monday night's edition of "Countdown" on MSNBC.
In a Special Comment lasting twelve minutes, the commentator ripped into the case being made by critics of the Cordoba House. The proposed Muslim community center would be located two blocks away from the site of the World Trade Center, which was destroyed on September 11, 2001 by Islamic extremists.
The thought of building the new facility -- which would include a two-story prayer center -- so close to the site of America's worst terrorist attack, one perpetrated by followers of Islam, has been unsettling to a wide range of public figures, from Sarah Palin to Harry Reid. But it has also inspired people like Olbermann and others who hope to encourage religious worship that doesn't resemble the extremism behind al Qaeda.
Olbermann opened his monologue by reciting from "First They Came...," a poem that many attribute to Pastor Martin Niemöller. He went on to question Newt Gingrich's grasp of history and the significance of Cordoba, Spain. And he didn't exactly stop there.
AUSTRALIAN scientists are baffled as to why enormous Queensland groper fish are washing up dead on North Queensland beaches without a scratch on them.
The Townsville Bulletin reported today researchers have determined the Queensland gropers - the largest reef-dwelling fish in the world - were dying from septicemia caused by bacterial infections but are at a loss to explain why, a Fisheries Queensland spokeswoman said.
Mystery surrounding the deaths continue after a 1.7m groper washed up on Saturday morning at Rowes Bay, a Townsville coastal suburb 1363km north of Brisbane, Queensland.
Field Officer Jeremy Thompson said he and officer Vaughn Heath were alerted to the gargantuan fish on the beach by residents from a nearby caravan park.
Mr Thompson said the public then helped the officers get the fish on to the back of their truck and they brought it back to their office to freeze it for Biosecurity Queensland to collect and research.
"The members of the public who saw it seemed a bit excited about the size of it," he said.
"It would have to be about 70kg."
A fisheries spokeswoman said although it was rare for the monster fish to wash up in Townsville, it was common in the far north.
The problem became so bad between Cairns and the Daintree, the Department of Primary Industries and Fisheries began researching why the problem occurred.
In the past two years, more than 50 gropers have washed up dead on North Queensland beaches, mainly north of Cardwell, all infected with the bacteria Streptococcus agalactiae.
Read more at the Townsville Bulletin
In a significant verdict, the Supreme Court on Thursday held that a man having an extramarital affair cannot be prosecuted for subjecting his wife to cruelty if his actions force her to kill herself.
“Extramarital relationship, per se, or as such would not come within the ambit of Section 498-A IPC (cruelty to wife). It would be an illegal or immoral act, but other ingredients are to be brought home so that it would constitute a criminal offence,” said the bench headed by justice Dipak Misra, setting aside a Karnataka high court judgment that sent a man to jail for three years.
The man faced trial for being cruel to his wife and for abetment to suicide. Cruelty, the bench said, can be both physical and mental or might even include abnormal behaviour causing harassment to the partner.
“To explicate, solely because the husband is involved in an extramarital relationship and there is some suspicion in the mind of wife, cannot be regarded as mental cruelty, which would attract mental cruelty for satisfying the ingredients of Section 306 IPC (abetment to suicide),” the bench said. “It can surely be a ground for divorce.”
First Published: Nov 25, 2016 00:18 IST
Canadian sailors and soldiers have been busted in some serious drug cases, from marijuana grow-ops to importing steroids and trafficking cocaine, according to records obtained by CBC News.
Documents released by the Department of National Defence under the Access to Information Act include 25 "significant incident reports" in the last five years, and at least 11 of them record cases in 2014. The heavily censored reports flag serious incidents that could jeopardize the military's operations or public image.
One report reveals a Halifax case where three members were arrested after RCMP seized 170 pot plants, four handguns and three long guns, all unregistered. The report indicates the members had access to "sensitive information."
Arrest outside crack house
Another report refers to a member who was arrested outside a known crack house in Victoria while carrying the drug and associated paraphernalia.
One sailor on board HMCS Protecteur was returned home in connection with an RCMP and military probe into a marijuana grow-op. A total of 6.8 kilograms of cannabis was discovered in the garage and closets of a home, according to the report, and the house was condemned pending a municipal inspection and reissuing of an occupancy permit.
Statistics from the Canadian Forces' Provost Marshal show that between April 1, 2013, to March 31, 2014, there were 224 investigations into drug offences. Of those, 142 were for cannabis, 11 for cocaine and 33 for other drugs. (David Goldman/Associated Press) Some of the investigations involve RCMP or local police forces, while others are conducted jointly or exclusively by the Canadian Forces National Investigation Service, an independent military police unit with a mandate to investigate "serious and sensitive" matters related to military property and personnel in Canada and around the world.
Most include an assessment of how current or future military operations could be affected and gauge potential media interest; in some cases, the reports suggest media interest may increase if it becomes public that the individual involved is a military member.
Several refer to a "passive approach, reactive posture" in dealing with the media.
Defence Department spokeswoman Jessica Lamirande said the Forces have a zero-tolerance policy for prohibited drugs, and members caught using or selling drugs can face disciplinary, administrative or criminal consequences. The Canadian Forces Drug Control Program includes six types of testing to monitor and detect drug use, from blind and random sampling to mandatory tests where behaviour or incidents warrant.
'Vast majority' uphold drug rules
Lamirande stressed that the "vast majority" of Armed Forces members uphold the rules around drugs, but there are harsh consequences for those who don't.
"The Canadian Armed Forces and Canadian Forces Military Police take all allegations of drug offences by CAF personnel seriously and investigate any alleged instances to determine the facts, analyze the evidence and, if warranted, lay appropriate charges," she said.
Statistics from the Forces' Provost Marshal show that between April 1, 2013, to March 31, 2014, there were 224 investigations into drug offences. Of those, 142 were for cannabis, 11 for cocaine and 33 for other drugs. There were also investigations into trafficking, production and distribution of drugs — 21 for cannabis, eight for cocaine and nine for other drugs.
Maj. Robert Wuskynyk, commanding officer of the Specialized Operations Section, Canadian Forces National Investigation Service, told CBC News Network's Power & Politics the key mandate is to ensure a drug-free, operationally ready force.
His unit develops relationships with command chains across the country and drives home the zero-tolerance policy in training and other workshops. Tough penalties serve as a deterrent and members can report bad behaviour through a tip line.
"The passion that members of the Canadian Armed Forces have with regards to other members of their profession wearing the same uniform and potentially being involved in this is disturbing among the majority of the members, and as a result it has ignited an emotion amongst everyone," Wuskynyk told host Chris Hall.
Some recent incidents from 2014 in the report:
It has become apparent that players have been selling deaths in order to allow other players to progress their emblems in Bounty Hunter. In order to prevent this, we have made some changes to the Bounty Hunter system
The following changes have been made:
Several items in the Bounty Hunter rewards shop are now 3x their base price .
. If you are killed by your target, you must wait 6 minutes before being assigned a new target
before being assigned a new target If you are killed by a rogue, you must wait 3 minutes before being assigned a target.
before being assigned a target. You cannot trade your target.
Your chance of receiving an emblem is now based on the combat level of your target.
Your grace period no longer resets to 2 minutes the moment you step inside the wilderness.
We will be closely monitoring the use of Bounty Hunter and will make further changes if needed.
Mods Ash, John C, Mat K, Reach, Ronan & Weath
The Old School Team
It's the final week of the regular season, and the biggest question still facing the ACC surrounds North Carolina (10-1) and its potential as a playoff team.
At No. 14, the Tar Heels certainly aren't a lock for the playoff even if they win out. But as a conference champion with 12 straight wins, a UNC team that wins out would have a good case.
So, with that in mind, which teams should UNC fans be rooting for this week? Here's a quick guide, in descending order of importance.
No. 14 North Carolina vs. NC State
Root for: The Heels
This one's obvious, but amid all the playoff talk, it's easy to forget that UNC looked dominant heading into the NC State game last year, then was trounced 35-7. This has a chance to be another victory over a winning opponent, and UNC needs to make the most of it.
Larry Fedora and the Tar Heels need to win Saturday against NC State, first and foremost, to keep their playoff hopes alive. Keith Srakocic/AP Photo
No. 6 Notre Dame vs. No. 8 Stanford
Root for: The Irish
It might sound counterintuitive to think a 12-1 UNC would lose out to an 11-2 Stanford, but the committee has made it clear that a loss isn't necessarily a death knell. Besides, both of Stanford's losses would look a lot better than UNC's (to lowly South Carolina) and the Cardinal are the one team in the mix with more games vs. Power 5 teams than UNC. Plus, the narrative for Notre Dame would be a tougher sell: The Irish lost to Clemson. If Clemson loses to the Tar Heels, how could the committee justify putting Notre Dame into the playoff? Not to mention, with no championship game for Notre Dame, UNC's two games vs. FCS teams becomes something of a moot point.
No. 16 Northwestern vs. Illinois
Root for: The Illini
This game has two big implications for UNC. A win for Illinois would get the Illini to bowl eligibility, great news for UNC because the Heels eviscerated Illinois earlier this season. Moreover, a loss by Northwestern would be a big dent in Stanford's resume, should the Cardinal go head to head with UNC for a playoff spot.
No. 15 Navy vs. Houston
Root for: The Cougars
Right now, Notre Dame's only quality wins are against Navy and Temple. The Owls are barely clinging to a top-25 slot, but Navy looks like a legit victory. If the Midshipmen fall, however, Notre Dame's resume takes a ding, and that could help UNC in a head-to-head comparison.
Miami vs. Pitt
Root for: The Panthers
UNC has impressive enough victories over both teams, but Pitt still has a strong chance to climb into the Top 25, and adding a ranked win to the Heels' resume would be big.
No. 3 Oklahoma vs. No. 11 Oklahoma State
Root for: The Cowboys
Chaos is a good thing for North Carolina right now, and sending a sure-fire playoff team to its second defeat would definitely add some chaos to the mix. Oklahoma is a lock for the playoff if it wins, but if Oklahoma State wins, the Big 12 isn't guaranteed anything. Moreover, if we look at the advanced metrics — the committee certainly will — the Cowboys are running about even with UNC.
No. 7 Baylor vs. No. 19 TCU
Root for: The Bears
Last year, having a split champion hurt the Big 12's chances of getting a team into the playoff. While the league will officially award a champion no matter what this season, it would definitely complicate things if, technically speaking, Baylor and Oklahoma State were tied atop the conference.
No. 13 Florida State vs. No. 12 Florida
Root for: The Seminoles
It would be a big victory for the ACC and it would set up a potential scenario where a two-loss Florida could take down Alabama in the SEC championship game, a nightmare scenario for the committee.
No. 20 Washington State vs. Washington
Root for: The Huskies
Washington State is boosting Stanford's resume right now as a Top 25 team, but a loss to middling Washington coupled with an early defeat at the hands of an FCS opponent should knock the Cougars out of the rankings and hurt Stanford's resume just a bit.
No. 4 Iowa vs. Nebraska
Root for: The Huskers
Iowa's advanced metrics are even worse than North Carolina's, so giving the Hawkeyes a loss, then rooting for them to win the Big Ten championship game would really complicate things for the committee. And as far as UNC is concerned, complications are good.
No. 1 Clemson vs. South Carolina
Root for: The Tigers
South Carolina is killing UNC's resume right now, but Clemson is the answer. A dominant victory for the Tigers would set the stage for UNC to both add a win over a clear-cut No. 1 in the ACC title game, but also prove it can beat a team that thrashed South Carolina. The transitive property of college football is usually meaningless, but UNC needs all the help it can get.
Mark Zuckerberg is apologizing today after his Facebook Live video discussing his company's efforts to aid Puerto Rico's recovery raised some serious eyebrows.
Yesterday, Zuckerberg used the company's VR app Spaces to tour through an NPR-produced 360 video of Puerto Rico. Zuck's cartoon avatar directed attention towards various features of Puerto Rico's destruction while another Facebook executive remarked “it's crazy to feel like you're in the middle of it.”
The video induced quite a few cringes as the tech billionaire visited Puerto Rico's destruction inside virtual reality as a cartoon.
“Do you want to teleport somewhere else?” Zuckerberg's VR avatar asked as he wrapped up his conversation about Puerto Rico. “Yeah maybe back to California?” another executive answered.
Zuckerberg reacted to some of the backlash in a reply to a Facebook comment on the video.
One of the most powerful features of VR is empathy. My goal here was to show how VR can raise awareness and help us see what's happening in different parts of the world. I also wanted to share the news of our partnership with the Red Cross to help with the recovery. Reading some of the comments, I realize this wasn't clear, and I'm sorry to anyone this offended.
To be fair, it really is difficult to represent experiences in VR to third parties and all Zuckerberg was seeing was the harrowing video from NPR, not necessarily what it looked like as his cartoonish avatar grabbed the camera to peruse the damage. That being said, the tone-deafness of the video was pretty pronounced and even though the content of his video pointed to all of the positive work Facebook was doing in Puerto Rico, seeing a couple of cartoons chatting about it in VR have made the executives appear pretty out of touch.
“When you're in VR yourself, the surroundings feel quite real. But that sense of empathy doesn't extend well to people watching you as a virtual character on a 2D screen. That's something we'll need to work on over time,” Zuckerberg said in another comment he left.
Facebook is generally pretty careful to isolate its CEO from opportunities for bad press, Zuckerberg has an extensive team helping him maintain his manicured public image on the social media site. With tools like Facebook Live that demand less scripted moments, this level of media-training can stutter, especially when you don't have the advantage of seeing an outside view of what exactly you look like while it's all going down.
Regardless, someone should've known better.
Facebook specifically chose a fun, vibrant cartoon-like mood for their VR Spaces app so that users wouldn't feel intimidated by the control scheme. That works fine for watching a movie preview or drawing something in VR but Facebook should probably save conversations of it being easier to “move bits than atoms” for segments that don't feel an awful lot like disaster tourism.
JACKSON, MI -- If a person chews or finds in food a small human dismemberment, the risk of infection is almost zero, said Dr. Rami Khoury, assistant medical director of the Allegiance Health Emergency Department.
“It is more of a psychological issue,” Khoury said Thursday afternoon.
“A body part in food. It's kind of creepy or scary.”
Khoury was asked to comment on any health concerns associated with mouthing or coming in contact with a piece of human flesh found in food.
Wednesday, 14-year-old Ryan Hart said he located a piece of a finger in a junior roast beef sandwich served Friday at the Arby's on N. West Ave. in Jackson. In his final bites, he said he tasted something like rubber and spit it out into his hand. His mother took him to Allegiance Health and was concerned he might get sick. Ryan said Wednesday he felt fine.
Khoury was speaking generally, not specifically about Ryan's case.
The possibility of someone in such a situation contracting HIV or Hepatitis B or C, which spread through body fluids, is very low, Khoury said. The human gastrointestinal tract is technically outside the body, he said, and stomach acids kill many things.
If the dismemberment was contaminated with E. Coli or some other food-borne illness, there is a potential for sickness, he said, but the illness would be like any other food poisoning.
“It would be difficult to prove whether it was from the dismembered part or the food itself,” he said.
A person who mouths or comes in contact with a dismembered body part, should go see a doctor, Khoury said.
He said cases like the one reported last week are rare.
The police and health department reported an employee had cut herself on a meat slicer. Steve Hall, environmental health director for the health department, said he believes the employee left her station and other employees were filling an order or orders before they became aware of what happened.
After learning of the occurrence, the restaurant team stopped food production and thoroughly cleaned and sanitized the business, John Gray wrote in a statement. He is the vice president for corporate communications and public relations for Atlanta-based Arby's Restaurant Group Inc.
"We are deeply concerned and apologetic to the guest involved in this unfortunate incident," Gray wrote in the statement.
RELATED STORIES
Vice-president of European commission to take up newly created post in January as World Bank overhaul gathers pace
Kristalina Georgieva, a former head of EU humanitarian affairs and vice-president of the European commission, has been appointed chief executive of the World Bank.
The Bulgarian, who recently lost out in the race to become UN secretary general, will report to the bank's president, Jim Yong Kim, who was reappointed for another five-year term last month. Although the title of CEO is newly created, Georgieva will effectively replace Sri Mulyani Indrawati, formerly the bank's managing director and chief operating officer, who was appointed Indonesian finance minister in July.
Migration can help to forge a more prosperous world, says World Bank Read more
Georgieva's appointment follows upheaval at the institution, which has faced a backlash against globalisation driven by concern that the rich and western states have been the biggest beneficiaries of free trade. A shakeup of the bank's management and organisation by Kim has also faced opposition from some staff members.
Announcing Georgieva's appointment, Kim emphasised her background as a European commissioner for humanitarian aid: “Kristalina is a globally recognised leader with a proven track record in improving the lives of those most in need.”
Georgieva, who will begin her appointment in January, is currently European commission vice-president for budget and human resource, a post in which she oversees a €161bn (£144bn) budget. She served in a number of positions at the World Bank between 1993 and 2010, including director of sustainable development.
Kim added: “As humanitarian aid commissioner, Kristalina established herself as a global champion for the concept of resilience. Helping countries manage global shocks and threats is at the core of the World Bank Group's efforts to end poverty and boost shared prosperity.”
Georgieva, who forged a reputation as an effective administrator in her EU role, was a late entrant in the race to become UN secretary general, which was won by António Guterres of Portugal. Highly regarded by observers at a time when Russia was insistent the next secretary general should come from eastern Europe, she was widely seen as close to the west.
Before the bank's annual meeting with the International Monetary Fund in Washington DC this month, it warned that inequality posed a major threat to its ambition of eliminating extreme poverty by 2030.
The bank said the number of people living on less than the international poverty line of $1.90 a day had continued to fall despite the sluggishness of the global economy. It added, however, that faster growth and a range of anti-inequality measures would be needed to meet the twin goals, set by Kim, of reducing global poverty to 3% and boosting the income of the bottom 40% of each country's population.
Kim has indicated that his second term will focus on promoting economic growth through private-sector investment infrastructure, as well as boosting education and health programmes.
After a ten-year deliberation process, North Carolina is set to be the first state to offer monetary compensation to victims of government-sponsored sterilization.
Between 1929 and 1974, the state sterilized an estimated 7,600 people by choice, force or coercion under the authority of the North Carolina Eugenics Board program.
The North Carolina General Assembly in late July approved compensation for the remaining victims of the sterilization program. State Governor Pat McCrory signed into law the $10 million compensation package -- to be distributed among living victims -- as part of the state's $20.6 billion budget shortly after the General Assembly's vote. Verified victims will be issued a share by 2015.
The number of victims alive in 2013 is unknown. However, the state Center for Health Statistics estimates that 2,944 victims may be living as of 2010. Less than 200 people have come forward with sterilization claims, Charmaine Fuller-Cooper, former director of the North Carolina Justice for Sterilization Victims Foundation, told CNN.
The N.C. Eugenics Board's program started in 1933 after a 1929 sterilization law was ruled unconstitutional by the state supreme court. The 1929 law stated that “the governing body or responsible head of any penal or charitable institution supported wholly or in part by the State of North Carolina, or any sub-division thereof, is hereby authorized and directed to have the necessary operation for asexualization or sterilization performed upon any mentally defective or feeble-minded inmate of patient thereof.”
The law struck down on grounds that it did not provide adequate notice and a hearing to a person deemed in need of sterilization, nor did it allow that person the right to appeal the decision in court. A 1933 law included these missing provisions.
Under North Carolina's law, ultimately anyone could request that someone be sterilized, though a diagnosis of either "feebleminded, epilepsy, or mentally diseased" had to be verified by “a psychologist, a physician who has made a specific examination to determine epilepsy, or a psychiatrist,” source documents state of the petition procedure. Petitions would then be assessed by the state's eugenics board.
The five-member board included the state Commissioner of Public Welfare, the secretary of the state Board of Health, the chief medical officer of a state hospital outside Raleigh, the chief medical officer of the state hospital in Raleigh and the state attorney general.
In the 1940s, the state Department of Public Welfare started to promote more sterilizations to help address “solutions to poverty and illegitimacy,” the sterilization victims foundation's site reports.
“In the late 1950s, a dramatic rise of sterilizations occurred amongst White women that did not reside in state institutions and African Americans,” the foundation's site says of how the program was administered. “Prior to the 1950s, many of the sterilization orders primarily impacted persons residing in state institutions.”
Public pamphlets were issued in the state to increase awareness and support for the program. A pamphlet released in 1950 “extolling the benefit of selective sterilization in North Carolina,” begins by stating, “North Carolina's Selective Sterilization Law: Protects ... its mentally handicapped men and women, the children of future generations and the community at large. It saves … thousands of taxpayer dollars, needless human tragedy, wasted lives.”
Throughout the 20th century up to the 1970s, an estimated 60,000-plus Americans were forcibly sterilized. Of the 33 states with sterilization programs, California's was the largest, affecting 20,000 people.
In 1927, the US Supreme Court effectively approved of eugenics programs in the case, Buck v. Bell. In his written opinion for the case, Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes wrote:
“We have seen more than once that the public welfare may call upon the best citizens for their lives. It would be strange if it could not call upon those who already sap the strength of the State for these lesser sacrifices, often not felt to be such by those concerned, to prevent our being swamped with incompetence. It is better for all the world, if instead of waiting to execute degenerate offspring for crime, or to let them starve for their imbecility, society can prevent those who are manifestly unfit from continuing their kind. The principle that sustains compulsory vaccination is broad enough to cover cutting the Fallopian tubes.”
Despite the Supreme Court's justification for eugenics, North Carolina doctors still had trepidations about the legality of sterilization in the 1950s, according to source documents released by the state. In the decade from June 1950 to June 1960, about 3,000 of the total 7,600 victims were sterilized.
In a 1950 document reprinted from the North Carolina Medical Journal titled, “The Legality of Human Sterilization in North Carolina,” the author addressed the fears of illegality and outlines the process that led to an individual's procedure.
“A petition is presented to the Eugenics Board of North Carolina.… Proceedings shall be begun when the head of an institution or a county superintendent believes that sterilization of a mentally dis­eased, feeble-minded or epileptic person is ‘for the best interest of the mental, moral, or physical improvement of the patient,' or ‘for the public good,' or is needed to pre­vent the probable procreation ‘of a child or children who would have a tendency to se­rious physical, mental or nervous disease or deficiency.' The next of kin or legal guar­dian may also make a written request for sterilization of such a patient. If the Eugenics Board is satisfied that one or more of the above named reasons ex­ists, it may order ‘an operation of asexuali­zation or sterilization.' Notice of this order must be delivered ‘by registered mail, return receipt demanded, to all parties in the case, including the legal guardian, the solicitor and the next of kin of the inmate, patient or in­dividual resident."
The patient or someone on her behalf had 15 days from a sterilization order to appeal the decision, the document states.
As for legal protection for doctors, the document outlines that “‘neither the said petitioner nor any other person legally participating in the execution of the provisions of this ar­ticle shall be liable, either civilly or criminally, on account of such participation, except in case of negligence in the performance of said operation.'”
The North Carolina Justice for Sterilization Victims Foundation began upon approval of then-governor Beverly Perdue in 2010. The organization is the “primary point of contact for victims, potential victims and the general public who are seeking guidance about North Carolina's former sterilization laws and program.”
on •
A certain Mr Porng went to visit the abbot of a nearby monastery, and he asked, ‘Luang Por [Reverend Father], the Buddha taught that everything is not-self and is without an owner—there is no one who commits karma and no one who receives its results. If that is the case, then I can go out and hit somebody over the head or even kill them, or do anything I like, because there is no one committing karma and no one receiving its results.'
No sooner had Mr Porng finished speaking than the abbot swung his walking stick down like a flash. Mr Porng could hardly get his arm up fast enough to ward off the blow. Even so, the stick struck solidly in the middle of his arm, giving it a good bruise. Clutching his sore arm, Mr Porng said, ‘Luang Por! Why did you do that?' His voice trembled with the anger that was welling up inside him.
‘Oh! What's the matter?' the abbot asked offhandedly.
‘Why, you hit me! And it hurt!'
The abbot, assuming a tone of voice usually reserved for sermons, slowly murmured: ‘There is karma but no one creating it. There are results of karma, but no one receiving them. There is feeling, but no one experiencing it. There is pain, but no one in pain . . . Those who try to use the law of not-self for their own selfish purposes are not freed of self; those who cling to not-self are those who cling to self. They do not really know not-self. Those who cling to the idea that there is no one who creates karma must also cling to the idea that there is no one who is in pain. They do not really know that there is no one who creates karma and no one who experiences pain.'
The moral of this story is: if you want to say ‘there is no one who creates karma,' you must first learn how to stop saying ‘Ouch!'
Buddhism Now November 2001
The above is from Good, Evil and Beyond: Kamma in the Buddha's Teaching, by Bhikkhu P.A. Payutto, translated from the Thai by Bhikkhu Puriso. Buddhadhamma Foundation, Thailand
Categories: Books, Buddhist meditation, Encyclopedia, Karma & Rebirth, Theravada
Wolves may be making a comeback in rural Denmark after at least five of the creatures were found to have settled in the west of the country.
Peter Sunde, a prominent zoologist from Aarhus University, claims to have obtained DNA evidence that not only proves wolves have returned to the west Jutland region, but that one female has travelled over 500km (310 miles) from Germany to settle there.
“We expect that they will have cubs this year or the next,” said Sunde, speaking to AFP.
“People were very surprised when wolves first appeared in Denmark but they are highly mobile and are just as adaptable to cultural landscapes as foxes are. The only problem historically is that we killed them.”
DNA from two faeces samples confirm that the female came from an area 25km south of Berlin.
Sunde believes the animals might have been rejected by their families before travelling to Denmark in search of new grounds for hunting.
Surveillance video and studies of pawprints have also confirmed wolves' have been travelling in the area.
Reports of their return to the Scandinavian country began in 2012, the first sightings since Denmark's last wolf was killed almost 200 years ago.
There are currently more than 12,000 wolves in western Europe, with the population in Germany said to be growing at 25-30 percent each year.
READ MORE: First wild bison calves born at Canadian park after 140 years
Speaking to the Guardian, Guillaume Chapron, a researcher at the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences, warned of the potential impact a growing wolf population might have on livestock.
Chapron said: “In Denmark there's no reason wolves can't thrive. But the question has to be asked, are people going to accept the wolves? The wolf will need to eat something. When they realise that Danish sheep don't taste too bad that may be a little problematic. It will be interesting to see how far we can coexist with big predators.”
The Danish government has already responded to reports of the killing of livestock by offering compensation to farmers and funding for protective fencing.
A scene from Andrew Savulich's new photography collection, The City.
Andrew Savulich started getting his photographs into the Daily News around 1980. “Back when I started,” he recalls, “there wasn't much use of freelancers — the union was pretty tight. The only way you could get in to sell stuff was to bring in something on spec, and that usually meant spot news.” He didn't have a beat, exactly, but “usually I'd start around eight or nine at night, and stay out till midnight or one, and I would start at Times Square just because I enjoyed being there. It was an interesting place — back then, anyway.” In 1993, he joined the paper's staff, and is there still. He worked (and works) much like the mid-century newshound Arthur “Weegee” Fellig, although Savulich says he likes to think of himself in the tradition of August Sander, the German photographer whose portraits cut across multiple classes and subcultures. In his new collection, The City (just out from Steidl), that pair of influences leaps out at you, especially in the encounters where disparate New Yorks meet.
When he makes prints for himself rather than for the paper, Savulich adds an extra dimension in the form of neatly lettered captions. They're deadpan and hilarious, leaving just enough unsaid to send your eye right back to the photos. “I have a schizzy thing — I'd give an AP-style caption [to the paper], which is what they'd want, but for myself, I make it somewhat ambiguous.” His black-and-white Times Square, like the real one, comes with its own news ticker.
*This article appears in the June 15, 2015 issue of New York Magazine.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel won a second term in Sunday's federal election and will be able to form a government with the pro-business Free Democratic Party (FDP), dumping the center-left Social Democratic Party (SPD) with which she ruled since 2005 in an uneasy coalition, projections showed.
She will have a comfortable center-right majority in the Bundestag lower house of parliament with an estimated 323 seats, 15 more than the absolute majority of 308 seats, according to a projection broadcast on ZDF television.
According to the ZDF projection, Merkel's conservatives won 33.8 percent, down 1.4 points from the 2005 result of 35.2 percent, while SPD support fell to a record low of 23.1 percent, down 11.1 points from four years ago.
"I am happy that we have achieved a great thing, to get a stable majority in the new government made up of conservatives and the FDP," a beaming Merkel told supporters at the headquarters of her Christian Democrat Union party in Berlin.
'Angie, Angie'
"I want to be the chancellor of all Germans to enable our country to do better and come out of this crisis," she said, smiling coyly as supporters chanted "Angie, Angie!"
But the true winner of the election was the FDP, which had campaigned on a platform of tax cuts and which saw its support jump by 4.9 points to 14.7 percent, its best result in a federal election, according to projections.
After four years ruled by a so-called grand coalition between the two major parties in which many differences were shelved and political debate between the left and right was stifled, Germany politics is set to become more polarized.
The FDP is expected to fight for business-friendly measures such as relaxing rules protecting workers from dismissal, a policy that is preprogrammed to spark fierce opposition from trade unions and the SPD, the Left Party and the Greens.
Merkel's new center-right government is also expected to extend the life of some of Germany's nuclear power stations that are due to be phased out by 2020, and to lower taxes.
The two parties last governed together under Helmut Kohl as chancellor, from 1982 until 1998."We're pleased about this excellent result but we know that above all this means we must take responsibility in government, and we're ready to do that," FDP leader Westerwelle told jubilant supporters in Berlin.
In previous center-right governments, the FDP has traditionally had the foreign, economy and justice ministries.
The voter turnout at 71.2 percent was sharply after the main parties waged a lackluster election campaign.
Black Day for Social Democrats
The outcome is a disaster for the SPD, which slumped to its worst result since World War II. Merkel's SPD challenger, Frank-Walter Steinmeier, could be succeeded as foreign minister by Westerwelle.
The SPD has been in government since 1998 but was weakened by unpopular welfare cuts it enacted in 2003 and 2004 under former Chancellor Gerhard Schröder. Many traditional SPD voters drifted to the Left Party, which was formed in 2007, or they didn't bother to vote at all because they were put off by the SPD's failure to maintain a strong left-wing identity as junior partner to Merkel's conservatives.
"It was a bitter defeat," Steinmeier told German television in a discussion among the party leaders. "We weren't able to get all our voters into polling stations. Many who didn't vote are or were SPD sympathizers and we've got to work to win them back over in the coming years. We have to lead the SPD back to its old strength."
He said that with the FDP in government, Germany was about to shift to the right. "Social democracy will be missing from this government in future and people will notice that," Steinmeier warned. He is due to become opposition leader and will lead the SPD's parliamentary group.
The Left Party scored 12.4 percent, a rise of 3.7 points, while the Greens rose two points to 10.1 percent.
Westerwelle, who is set to become deputy chancellor, said his FDP would quickly start coalition talks with the conservatives. "We want a fair tax system, better education opportunities and to make sure that civil rights are respected once again," he said.
Mikhail Grigorenko started each of the past two seasons with the Buffalo Sabres, then found himself back in juniors and eventually in the American Hockey League.
Mikhail Grigorenko Center - BUF GOALS: 2 | ASST: 1 | PTS: 3
SOG: 20 | +/-: -3
He says he has only himself to blame.
"From past experiences, I've kind of realized that it was probably no one's fault but mine that I didn't stay in the NHL," Grigorenko told the Sabres website at development camp. "If I want to play in the best league in the world, it's just on me. No one is going to make me play just because I was drafted in the first round. I just need to go out there and just be the best."
Grigorenko was the 12th pick in the 2012 NHL Draft and made his NHL debut in that season opener, Jan. 20 against the Philadelphia Flyers. The center scored his first NHL goal Jan. 29 against the Toronto Maple Leafs.
He played 25 NHL games, then 18 in 2013-14. Each season ended with a brief stint for the Rochester Americans in the AHL.
"I think he's got to keep doing what he's doing. I thought he's been good all week (at camp)," Americans coach Chadd Cassidy said. "Obviously we all know Mikhail and his strengths and weaknesses. I think he's addressed them."
Grigorenko, who has bulked up to 219 pounds, had 30 goals and 24 assists (54 points) in 33 games for Quebec in the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League in 2012-13, then 15 goals and 24 assists (39 points) in 23 games last season.
He had four assists in nine games with Rochester, then was scoreless in five Calder Cup playoff games.
"I'm a player that has to produce and I didn't do it, so my ice time was a little less and I had less opportunity," the 20-year-old said. "I just didn't get points anymore, which I understand why the coaches didn't play me more."
Grigorenko expects to get much more time, in the NHL, this season.
"I really hope to start the season in Buffalo," he said. "I think it's just going to be up to me."
The 22-year-old has been informed that he is surplus to requirements at Emirates Stadium, with Mathieu Debuchy having arrived from Newcastle and Calum Chambers set to sign
By William Joyce Hull City have agreed a £3 million deal with Arsenal for defender Carl Jenkinson,understands.The 22-year-old has been told he has no future at the Emirates Stadium, with Mathieu Debuchy set to be first choice right-back following his arrival from Newcastle, while Southampton defender Calum Chambers is on the verge of completing a switch to north London Goal understands that West Ham are Jenkinson's preferred destination and Sam Allardyce's side could yet hijack the deal if they come up with the cash in the next couple of days.Sunderland and Swansea are also interested but it is Hull that are the frontrunners for the England Under-21 defender ahead of the start of their Europa League campaign, which kicks off on Thursday against Slovakian minnows FK Dukla Trencin.Jenkinson, who made his England debut in 2012 but has struggled to become a regular in Arsene Wenger's first-team set-up at Arsenal, is now set to discuss personal terms with the east Yorkshire outfit, with Steve Bruce confident of tying up a deal within the next 48 hours.The former Charlton Athletic defender will be the Tigers' fourth signing of the summer window, with Jake Livermore, Robert Snodgrass and Tom Ince having all arrived ahead of the 2014-15 campaign.Sheffield United defender Harry Maguire could also join in the coming days, with the League One side confiming on Monday that they have accepted a bid from Bruce's side for the 21-year-old.
By: Jack Alfonso
Anybody who follows me on Twitter (@AlfonsoHoops) knows that I am a huge fan of Erik Spoelstra. As a fellow Latino, it has been inspiring for me to see him rise through the ranks of the Miami HEAT organization and become the first Mexican head coach in NBA history to win a championship.
His work with the Big 3 was admirable and he was able to lead an unlikely band of misfits to two NBA titles, but unfortunately those days are long gone. With the HEAT sitting at the bottom of the Eastern Conference standings this season despite a star-studded roster, it has become clear that the NBA game has passed Coach Spo.
Unfortunately, it's time for Miami to move on and find a coach who can lead the franchise into the future. Miami needs a coach with a knowledge of the culture. Someone experienced, yet energetic. Someone who can connect with players and fans alike. Someone whose entire identity is coaching. Someone like Miami HEAT color commentator Tony Fiorentino.
Coach Tony is the perfect fit to replace Spoelstra. He watches and analyzes every game, so you know he is familiar with the team. He can also be a great motivational coach, bringing personality and positivity to the locker room like he's brought to the broadcast for so many years. Spoelstra always looks angry during games, disappointed in his team's effort or upset about defensive breakdowns.
This may have worked way back in 2012, but in these modern times, we know that negativity is no way to win basketball games. Fiorentino spends broadcasts praising players constantly, whether it's for a strong rebound or for a bad jumper that was a good decision because the player “practices that shot.” Coach Tony would encourage players through their failures and their minor achievements, elevating team morale so much that the players would be able to dominate games based on happiness alone.
We've seen guys like Hassan Whiteside display poor body language and lackluster effort in games from time to time, and this is clearly the fault of Spoelstra. It is a coach's job to motivate his players to perform as well as possible. Replacing Spo's grumpy face and perpetually crossed arms with Coach Tony's infectious personality and tremendous mustache would undoubtedly turn Whiteside's career around and help him become the dominant superstar center that everyone hopes he can become.
Furthermore, Miami needs a coach who understands the modern NBA and the increased reliance on analytics and advanced stats.
As we all know, Spoelstra began his career as a video coordinator, looking at game tape and learning how to coach by watching how games are played. This was a fine strategy back in the dark ages when VHS was prominent and nobody knew what PER or VORP was.
In the modern NBA, game tape has become obsolete and advanced stats have made watching games a waste of time. Fiorentino understands this. We've seen Coach Tony become so focused on statistical research that it distracts him from the broadcast.
Hopefully Coach Tony is studying up on his stats the night before the season https://t.co/0jZHr96TDJ — Slice Miami (@SliceMiami) October 25, 2016
Fiorentino has no time to watch five men try to put a round ball in a hoop. He knows that humanity has progressed beyond this barbaric form of entertainment and that numbers are the only things that matter. Spoelstra may know what a “pick-and-roll” is, but in 2016 that knowledge is completely useless. To win championships, you need to have a firm grasp of stats. Tony has that.
Christmas is right around the corner, and it is never easy to fire a person around the holiday season. But at 10-21, Miami needs to make this coaching change as quickly as possible if they want to have any chance of making the playoffs. Stubbornness and complacency are two things that can absolutely kill a franchise.
We've seen this in San Antonio. The Spurs organization's stupid loyalty to the ancient Gregg Popovich made NBA legend Tim Duncan so frustrated that he quit basketball at the young age of 40.
We've even seen this in Miami with Dwyane Wade, LeBron James, Michael Beasley, James Ennis, Mario Chalmers and Chris Bosh. Plenty of superstars have abandoned the HEAT organization due to their foolish inability to realize that Spoelstra isn't the right fit for Miami.
Even longtime assistant coach David Fizdale left Miami for Memphis because he was smart enough to understand that the organization is a sinking ship. The Miami HEAT is the Titanic, and Erik Spoelstra is the iceberg. Or the Captain. Or Leonardo DiCaprio. #FireSpo
As elevator pitches go, Oregon wine's might be the most perfectly focused. Folks show up in the 1960s. They plant pinot noir. It does well. More show up in the 1970s, and when the wines fare well next to the French originals, a lot more arrive—including the French. Other grapes make cameos: pinot gris, chardonnay, a bit of auxerrois. But ever since The Eyrie Vineyards' David Lett planted Willamette Valley's first commercial pinot vineyard in 1965, Oregon wine has really been about one thing: pinot noir. Today the state boasts more than 15,000 acres of it, nearly five times as much as any other grape.
But what if 50 years' worth of perfect focus had slightly missed the mark?
I adore Oregon pinot noir, and have for a long time. Moreover, Lett's work, along with that of Oregon's other pioneers, is one of American wine's best success stories—doubly so for avoiding commercial temptations promising California-sized dreams. But pinot came to Oregon for the reason pinot shows up most anywhere: Someone sees parallels to Burgundy—in Oregon's case, a similarly temperate climate and rain during the growing season, which California lacked. Through the years, as California pinot became riper and more stylish, Oregon remained the loyal opposition, as you'd expect from a state whose motto is Alis Volat Propriis: “She flies with her own wings.”
The problem with such comparative theories, which you can find up and down the West Coast, is that they're fuzzy at best—assuming, that is, they're not flawed from the outset. There's a tricky hubris in saying that place X should be able to approximate place Y. And there's also, frankly, selection bias. Everyone likes to believe they're poised to become the new Burgundy or Bordeaux. Show me the emerging region that dreams of being the next Loire or Savoie, or even Sicily.
In recent years, there's been a growing sentiment that such comparisons, especially in California, were, if not wrong, just a bit hasty. So it's possible that Oregon's pioneers were looking a bit too far east in France for inspiration. Perhaps Oregon's real soulmate is the Loire Valley.
This notion of “Loiregon” is hardly far-fetched—and I'm hardly the first one to suggest it.
At least three Portland-based wineries— Leah Jørgensen Cellars, Bow & Arrow and Division Winemaking Company—have now been pursuing the Oregon-Loire confluence for half a decade. (The winemakers might shy away from calling it Loiregon, though. After Jorgensen filed for a trademark last year, lawyers for the French government promptly scuttled the application.)
They have uncovered, or planted, native Loire varieties across the Pacific Northwest, from Washington's Yakima Valley to the Rogue Valley near the California border. That includes melon de Bourgogne (Muscadet's grape), chenin blanc and, especially, cabernet franc, plus sauvignon blanc, malbec (known as côt in the Loire), gamay (which has a slightly different tale of its own) and, yes, pinot noir, which is planted throughout the Loire.
Their reasoning is simple: It's a continuation of what Division's Kate Norris calls “that Oregon adventure.”
The resulting wines proudly display their inspirations. Jorgensen's Tour Rain, a mix of gamay and cabernet franc, is a tribute to one of Touraine's most-loved properties, Clos Roche Blanche, which shuttered after the 2014 vintage. Cabernet franc, especially, is what truly excites Jorgensen, prompted by her love for the wines of the Anjou region. In fact, she has taken this Franc-ophilia a step beyond the Loire; in 2011 she began making Blanc de Cabernet Franc. It hints at the grape's hallmark chili pepper quality, but in a white wine guise. It's now her calling card.
While the wines do admirable jobs of approximating their Loire cousins, they represent something greater: a sea change in Oregon—one that stands to ultimately improve its wine industry, even if it means prying apart those Burgundian dreams.
Just like an earlier generation, the Loiregonians took direct inspiration from France. Division's Norris and Tom Monroe learned winemaking in Beaujolais and the Auvergne, adjacent to the Loire, and Norris's godfather owns vineyards in Touraine. Jorgensen fell for Loire wine while working for a wine distributor in her native Washington, D.C., in the early 2000s, selling the portfolio of Louis/Dressner Selections, which imports wines from many beloved Loire producers. Bow & Arrow's Scott Frank, too, swooned at a Dressner tasting in Portland, where he worked as a retail wine buyer.
Frank also gravitated to the Loire for practical reasons—reasons that have to do with why Loiregon has uncovered a growing audience not just in Portland, but in New York and California, too. By the time he began buying wine, Burgundy was already on the verge of being unreasonably expensive. “For someone entering the wine industry when I did, in the early 2000s,” he tells me, “having a deep and meaningful relationship to Burgundy wasn't possible. At least not for me. I mean, I worked in a grocery store.”
The narrative surrounding Loiregon is indicative of a countercultural knot in Oregon's perfect elevator pitch. It presents an alternative view of what the state could be—one that stretches all the way to its earliest wine pioneers.
After Jorgensen moved in 2004 to her father's home state of Oregon, she took a job with Dick Erath, who had begun planting pinot noir in 1969 and popularized Oregon pinot throughout the country. Erath had begun to consider what else might be appropriate for his home state. (The curiosity endures: Erath sold his Oregon vineyards in 2006 and moved to Arizona, where he grows everything from zinfandel to touriga nacional.) One day, Jorgensen recalls, he dropped a thick text on Italian grape varieties on her desk and quipped, “Some light reading for you.”
That's why the Loire is just one lens through which modern Oregon can be viewed. There are Olga and Barnaby Tuttle of Teutonic Wine Company, who view Oregon through a Germanic prism, making mostly aromatic whites; in southern Oregon's Umpqua Valley, Earl and Hilda Jones founded their Abacela winery to pursue what they considered a corollary to Spain, aided by their son Gregory Jones, a prominent climate researcher; and in the Columbia River Gorge area east of Portland, wineries like Analemma and Memaloose have variously planted everything from dolcetto and trousseau to Galician varieties like mencia and godello. There are also post-modern experimentalists like Chad Stock of Minimus, with his curiosities like skin-fermented grüner veltliner.
But the most important counterpoint to pinot might be gamay, which plays a role both in the Loire and Loiregon, but is best known as Beaujolais' grape. Gamay has been in Oregon for decades, originally grown by pinot die-hards. The love of the grape, if anything, keeps growing. When Evening Land Vineyards, owner of the famous Seven Springs vineyard, installed new plantings recently, it was gamay, not pinot.
In fact, the Willamette soils, diverse and thoughtfully plotted out as they are and with lots of volcanic influence, have little parallel to the Côte d'Or. But the granite found in the area—including at the Johan vineyard where Bow & Arrow gets its melon grapes—does bear a resemblance to French regions: Beaujolais, for one, but also the Nantais, where Muscadet is made. And while the Willamette doesn't much resemble Burgundy, topologically, it does have at least a passing resemblance to parts of the Loire. (Although, scenery can be in the eye of the beholder: “I don't know what anyone is talking about,” Norris says. “It looks like the Auvergne.”)
It's the cultural resonance of Loiregon, though, that matters more than any specific comparison. This alternative view comes at a moment of reckoning for Oregon. For half a century, the state's wine industry willed itself to stay small; with 25,000 acres of vineyard, it has one-tenth of California's sprawl. But today it is attracting bigger doses of money and larger ambitions.
Impressive projects migrated there in the past, notably when the large Burgundy house Joseph Drouhin bought property in 1987. But in the past three years, the state has attracted investment from at least two large California firms, Kendall-Jackson (now with more than 1,300 acres, or five percent of the state's vineyards) and Caymus (which launched its Elouan brand two years ago), as well as another major Burgundian player, Louis Jadot, alongside an influx of the deep-pocketed types who previously sought land in Napa. And with the style of Oregon pinot trending bigger, with more wines topping 14 percent alcohol, I've found them chasing what I'll call a Russian River trajectory—an approach that first elevated, and then hobbled, California pinot noir.
As “Portlandia” should have demonstrated, it's not in Oregon's nature to chase the grandiose. In the Willamette Valley, less has typically been more; the few wineries that rejected the region's low-key architecture for something more Baroque have often been viewed as pariahs. While the wines aren't inexpensive, most have (until recently) escaped the California-style price inflation that came with pinot's popularity.
And yet, in Portland, a very down-to-earth dining town, the average drinker is more likely to opt for an exceptional local beer than local pinot noir, which can easily push $100 in a restaurant. That's created an opening for wines like Bow & Arrow's Air Guitar, a Loire-ish mix of cabernets franc and sauvignon that's as close as you'll find to a wine tailored to Portland sensibilities.
“It's not that people don't like Oregon wine, but how many can they buy? If someone could deliver a good drinkable wine that would retail for under $20, people would gobble that shit up,” says Scott Frank. “Most great wine regions make a simple wine that people can drink locally. And I think Oregon, [and] the Willamette Valley particularly, failed in doing that—catastrophically.”
In other words, why not Loiregon? Everyday wine is what the Loire does exceptionally well, and has for a long time. It's the very nature of the grapes found there. And that's about as Oregon a quality as I can imagine. Which is why, without turning my back on pinot, the efforts at the fringe are what is thrilling about Oregon right now. It's not that they'll rewrite the trajectory of Oregon wine. It's that they'll help it to mature and grow beyond the dreams that began 50 years ago.
The Three Loiregon Producers to Know
Division Winemaking Company: Norris and Monroe's efforts are split into two categories: more traditional pinot noir and similar wines, usually made with a vineyard designation, and a lower-priced Division-Villages line. Of the former, keep an eye out for their 2014 Savant Chenin Blanc ($25) from Willard Farms in Washington, with its fleshy aspect of raw pine nuts; it's from the same spot as their juicy L'Isle Vert Chenin Blanc ($24), which is aged only in steel. Their defining red is the Division-Villages Béton ($26), a mix of cabernet franc, gamay noir, malbec and pinot noir from throughout the state that shows a spicy complexity (roasted chipotle, poppy seed) and irresistible juiciness.
Bow & Arrow: The Loiregonian red wines in Frank's lineup are the duo of Air Guitar ($26), always fragrant and made from cabernets franc and sauvignon grown in the Willamette Valley, and the fruitier Rhinestones ($24), a combination of pinot noir and gamay. There's also a slightly salty white Johan Vineyard Melon ($20), plus sauvignon blanc, a pure gamay and, yes, a pinot noir from the Hughes Hollow vineyard.
Leah Jørgensen Cellars: Southern Oregon is increasingly Jorgensen's wheelhouse, and the curiosity that is her Blanc de Cabernet Franc ($26) from Mae's Vineyard in Applegate Valley, is not to be missed. The 2014 shows less of the grape's chili pepper bite and more generous flavors, including quince; it's less gonzo but more refined than in earlier years. What had been called Loiregon is now her Southern Oregon Cabernet Franc ($25); it's a surprisingly big, lush version of that grape, surpassing 14 percent alcohol, with more inkiness and smoked chili than the bright red fruit that would make a direct Loire comparison. The 2014 Tour Rain ($22) does add in a bit of bright fruit to match its darker flavors, and the rooty, earthy side of gamay is very much on display. These are proof that Loire inspiration doesn't simply mean imitation.
In addition, Bow & Arrow and Division often make Nouveau versions of some wines, paying tribute not to the Loire (although that region makes harvest wines, too), but to Beaujolais.
About
IDK started out as a discussion one night at a makerspace with the idea of adding some sensory interaction to a video game beyond the usual accelerometer or motion capture input. What ended up evolving from that discussion over the past year is a simple easy to use kit that allows software developers and creative thinkers to utilize a wide range of sensors and controllers so they can create a complete interactive user experience. The kit is easy to use for people with absolutely no electronics experience but also powerful enough for the advanced user.
We've built a standardized sensor module language allowing users to talk to all sensors in the same simple way. Typically similar sensors from different companies might use standard protocols such as i2c, spi or one wire, but the instructional bytes they use or “language” is different for each sensor, for example a temperature sensor from company X is going to have a completely different set of instructions to read the temperature than a temperature sensor from company Y. With the language we have developed this problem will be a thing of the past, you could for example start off with a lower cost sensor from one company to prototype your project then switch to the more expensive one with higher precision from a different company without making any changes to your code.
When using the sensor modules with our IDK hub it simplifies the process even further by reading all of the connected sensors automatically and formatting the data into a simple, efficient data packet which can easily be utilized by the developer in several different ways such as USB on Windows, OSX, Linux and works great with the Raspberry Pi, or use Serial or SPI on Arduino, Pic or any other microcontroller.
IDK Hub - Early Design to Working Prototype
Generic Sensor - Early Design to Working Prototype
Specifications
IDK Hub with 6 sensor ports and 2 expansion ports.
Plug-n-Play Sensors and Control Modules.
Uses standard USB cables, or for advanced users use the header pins to plug directly. into your Arduino, Pic, or other MCU.
Cross platform compatibility: WIndows, Linux, OSX, Android, iOS.
Unity Game Engine integration / support.
Open source for custom project integration; simple serial or tcp/ip interface protocol.
Read sensors and control modules over the internet.
Initial Sensors, and Controllers
Photoresistor
Potentiometer
Heart Rate
Motion / PIR
Proximity
Temperature
Humidity
Capacitance
Soil Moisture
Generic Analog
RGB LED Controller
Servo Controller
16-Channel Digital IO
More to come.....
Production Plan
Once funding is successful and we have the final quantity for production, we send the final PCB design off to one of our regular PCB manufacturing and assembly partners.
We either order parts directly from one of our regular parts suppliers (Digikey, Mouser) or we will work with the assembly partner to ensure they have the proper BOM and instruction to source parts and assemble the final units.
We finalize our choice for the case manufacturer, begin pre-production, tooling, and prototype tests to ensure manufacturers quality and reproduction of the design. Once we are satisfied with quality we begin the large quantity production run.
Final units arrive at our office for packaging and shipping to backers.
Based on past experience we have accounted for typical lead times and add some extra padding for any issues we might encounter so we feel confident about being able to deliver to backers by September.
The Team
Richard Wardlow has been a professional programmer and artist working in the entertainment industry for 15 years, and an electrical engineer, programmer, and designer in the medical and consumer electronics industry for the past 5 years.
Patrick Peluse is a CG generalist and aspiring game developer. For over the last decade, he's worked in software development, animation, and visual effects. He is traditionally trained in the arts and his passion lies in creating new and innovative game experiences for gamers.
The argument for bringing back rail use to a decommissioned stretch of the Long Island Rail Road Rockaway Beach Line has advanced one notch today. The stretch in question is, of course, the same track being eyed for the QueensWay, an elevated park proposed by The Trust For Public Land. As it turns out, the public the park would largely be serving would rather see the tracks serve their intended use as a rail line, according to a new study led by Rockaway Assemblyman Phil Goldfeder (who, it must be noted, is pro-rail). Capital NY reports that the survey is based on a limited pool of 363 residents and 44 businesses, with 33.9 percent those surveyed saying they'd rather see the tracks shuttling passengers again, as opposed to the 28.1 percent who are for the park.
Remaining survey participants are split between those who'd like to see a combination of rail and park, and those who'd like to see the line left as-is. Meanwhile, Friends of the QueensWay is in the midsts of conducting a feasibility study for their plan, with results expected before the end of the year. recently issued the results of their feasibility study, and found that the park can move forward at the cost of $122 million.
Rockaway Beach Branch Community Impact Study
· Survey: Queens residents prefer railway to QueensWay [Capital NY]
· Rockaway Beach Branch Community Impact Study [Scribd]
· A Detailed Blueprint for Queens' $122M 'High Line,' Revealed! [Curbed]
· All QueensWay coverage [Curbed]
The India versus Pakistan World T20 match that was supposed to be played in Dharamsala on March 19, has been relocated to Eden Gardens in Kolkata. This follows the Pakistan Cricket Board's (PCB) disapproval of the picturesque hill station as a match venue, citing security reasons. A request had been made by PCB chief Shahryar Khan to the ICC to move the fixture out of the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association (HPCA) stadium. The governing body of world cricket agreed.
Advertising
“The decision has been taken following consultation with the BCCI, the relevant state associations, the ICC and BCCI security consultant and other relevant authorities.
READ: Behind the curtain at Drama-shala
“The decision to relocate the match has been made for security reasons. The concerns initially arose following alleged public comments recently reported by the Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh, warning of demonstrations and attempts to disrupt the peaceful conduct of the match,” ICC chief executive David Richardson said.
To be fair, the ICC didn't have an option but to play hardball with Dharamsala. With Himachal Pradesh chief minister Virbhadra Singh reportedly telling the Pakistan security team that his government couldn't guarantee any security for the match, the PCB refused to play in Dharamsala.
[related-post]
Advertising
“As chief minister, it's my duty to extend full support to the BCCI for holding World T20 and I have given my consent. However, I have objection to the India-Pakistan match in the wake of Pathankot attack at the Indian Air Force base involving Pakistani militants,” Singh had earlier told this paper. He stuck to his guns and cricket became a prisoner of politics.
According to a BCCI source, the Indian cricket board pre-empted this and put the Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) on stand-by list. “BCCI president Shashank Manohar and CAB president Sourav Ganguly had spoken over phone last week after clouds of uncertainty started to loom over Dharamsala. The latter requested Manohar to pick Kolkata in case of a switch. The cricket board selected Eden Gardens as its first choice and the Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore as a backup.
The PCB's options also included Kolkata, along with Mohali. Eventually, all parties agreed that Eden Gardens, which can accommodate over 67,000 spectators, should be the best fit for such a grand spectacle.
Ganguly, however, stood by Dharamsala. “I feel for Dharamsala. I sympathize with Anurag (Thakur). They have one of the best stadiums in India and they are missing out for no fault of theirs. At the same time, I'm happy. This has been going on for a while and we requested the BCCI because it's Eden Gardens; because of its history,” he said on Tuesday.
The former India captain admitted that work now has to be done on war footing. “Organisation and logistics won't be that difficult but ticketing would be tough. We are getting tickets for this game on March 12. Two days will go for stamping and only then, public sale can begin,” said Ganguly. Tickets would be priced at Rs 500, 1,000 and 1,500.
“As far as those who have purchased tickets online for the match, they will be offered the choice of a full refund or the opportunity to exchange their tickets for ones for the Kolkata match,” said the ICC release.
Dharamsala's pain is CAB's gain, and the whole development has left BCCI secretary Thakur, who is also the head of HPCA, frustrated. “I don't know how will the fans react? Himachal government has embarrassed the country.
“Thousands of people who have already planned this well in advance… I don't know how they will react when the state falls short of providing security and creating a good atmosphere. They (Congress) have again proved that for them it is family first, party second and nation last. The kind of environment they have created, embarrasses the country and the kind of projection they have given is not fair on part of any CM,” Thakur was quoted as saying.
From Pakistan's point of view, they would obviously be happy with the change. They haven't ever lost a game against India at Eden Gardens.
Advertising
For Eden Gardens, this has been sort of poetic justice as well. The ICC had moved out the marquee India versus England 2011 World Cup fixture from here under the pretext of incomplete renovation work of the stadium. Five years down the line, the most anticipated clash of this World T20 will be hosted at the Eden Gardens.
The story so far…
India-Pakistan World T20 match in Dharamsala as scheduled: BCCI
Thakur slams Himachal Pradesh CM for drama in Dharamsala
Beach Haven police released this photo of the man who was wearing the plastic wrap bikini last week, asking for the public's help in identifying him.
A 59-year-old man who wore a bikini fashioned out of see-through plastic wrap on a New Jersey beach is facing a criminal charge.
Beach Haven police said Stephen Wojciehowski spent two days on a Long Beach Island beach wearing a homemade bikini in which his genitals were clearly exposed.
The department posted censored photos of the man to its Facebook page last week asking for help in identifying him.
Stephen Wojciehowsk, 59, is charged with lewdness.
Photo credit: Beach Haven Police Department
The Stafford Township man was arrested Monday and charged with lewdness. He was released pending further court proceedings.
A woman who answered the phone at his house said "nobody's here" and hung up. It's unclear if he has an attorney who could comment on his behalf.
Top 10 Best Beaches for 2016
Copyright Associated Press
Editor's note: Silvia Henriquez is the executive director of the National Latina Institute for Reproductive Health, a nonprofit policy and advocacy organization based in New York and Washington that works on behalf of reproductive health interests of the nation's 15 million Latina women.
(CNN) -- When Justice Sonia Sotomayor delivered her oath last summer, many women -- and especially Latinas -- felt renewed hope as a champion of women's rights took her place on the U.S. Supreme Court.
With Democrats in the White House and both houses of Congress, we believed that we could stop playing defense and actually advance women's rights, including access to abortion.
However, the health care debate quickly convinced us that we had to mobilize.
First, Rep. Bart Stupak, D-Michigan, crafted the Stupak-Pitts amendment, designed to restrict women's access to abortion coverage in the proposed public health insurance marketplace. Millions of women who have access to abortion coverage through their insurance plans would lose this coverage if the insurance plans were offered in the exchange.
We were told that women could use their own money to buy an abortion rider in advance: Women would have to plan for an unplanned pregnancy. An abortion can range in cost from several hundred dollars to thousands of dollars for a "threatened" pregnancy.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi allowed the amendment to move forward in the House health care bill out of fear that opponents would use abortion politics to tank health care reform. Within weeks, Sen. Ben Nelson, D-Nebraska, offered a near-exact model of the Stupak bill in the Senate.
After the push for the Stupak amendment, characterized by backroom dealings among elected officials and reported pressure from the U.S Conference of Catholic Bishops, it appeared that senators might go along.
Hundreds of Latinas and women of all backgrounds descended on Capitol Hill to let legislators know that they can not play politics with our reproductive health care and to advocate for abortion care coverage as a part of health care reform.
For now, senators are standing up to those who would sink reform with abortion politics, voting to table the Nelson amendment, effectively killing it. But we know that these victories are often tenuous and that the growing Latina voice in favor of reproductive health care must stay strong.
Over the past few weeks, I've heard from many Latinas and their families, outraged that these amendments would make a legal medical procedure financially inaccessible for many women.
They called their senators and wrote letters on behalf of daughters, sisters, aunts and mothers in their communities, urging policymakers to vote for reform that includes coverage for abortion -- and also provides health care access for immigrants.
They organized because they know what is at stake. The amendments claim to "simply codify" the Hyde amendment, an existing federal policy that prohibits federal government money from being used to fund abortions through Medicaid.
But in reality, both amendments would create a two-tier health care system.
After 30-plus years of the Hyde amendment, a Guttmacher Institute report released this year indicates that among Medicaid-eligible women -- that is, low income -- who would have an abortion if it were paid for by the government, one in four instead continue the pregnancy to term in the absence of funding. This is because politicians prevent federal tax dollars from covering the procedure.
Moreover, the proposed House and Senate bills both maintain the five-year ban on legal permanent residents accessing publicly funded benefits, including Medicaid, leaving millions of legal residents without coverage for basic medical needs.
According to a report by the Kaiser Family Foundation, 38 percent of Latinas are uninsured, compared with 14.7 percent non-Hispanic white women, and more than half of all immigrants are women.
The U.S. Census Bureau predicts that by 2050, one in four Americans will be Latina. As Latinas, we will be disproportionately affected if we do not have a health care package that includes access to the full range of reproductive health services.
Opponents argue that more women will be covered under overall health care reform, as if that should satisfy us. The fact remains: If millions of low- and moderate-income women covered under a new federally subsidized health system can't access abortion care from an insurance plan bought even partly with federal support, policymakers are essentially telling them that they do not matter -- that the reality of their lives must be ignored.
The legacy of health care reform should not be to send women back into the shadows. We have worked too hard to reform our health care system for women to be worse off than they were before.
There is no denying that people around the country, including many Latinas, have complex feelings about abortion. Many have conflicting feelings because of their religious faith -- Latinas are overwhelmingly Roman Catholic.
But my work with Latinas during these debates reminds me that for many women confronted by the decision to terminate a pregnancy, abortion is not a political issue; it's a personal health care issue between a woman, her family and her doctor.
We have an opportunity to make history in these next few weeks and months. Health care is not a luxury; it is fundamental to a healthier and stronger nation. I urge policymakers to respect women who are trying to plan their pregnancies, take control of their futures and improve the lives of their families.
We demand reproductive justice for women. Anything less would be un-American.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Silvia Henriquez.
MLB Podcasts Sports Sports Podcasts
The Bums of Summer Podcast: Red Sox Series, Vin Scully Comes Back for 2014
By Demetrios Manos Published on August 27th, 2013
The Bums of Summer are back in town for another Dodger podcast and it's a good one. We break down the first series the Dodgers have lost in 2 1/2 months and are the Dodgers finally cooling off? Click that play below to find out what we think…
Headline News
Vin Scully returns for 2014
Many of us are now aware of Scully's return to broadcasting for a historic 65th season next year, as the news was announced Friday in a press conference at Chavez Ravine, and subsequently disseminated to the gratification and satisfaction of many beyond just the Dodger faithful. Vin Scully has broadcasted three perfect games, 19 no-hitters, 25 World Series and 12 All-Star games, as MLB.com notes. Scully owns a place in the broadcasters' wing of the Baseball Hall of Fame, the National Association of Broadcasters Hall of Fame, the Sports Broadcasting Hall of Fame, the California Sports Hall of Fame and even a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame according to MLB.com—and again, he is still broadcasting. But maybe we should heed some of Vin Scully's words about obscuring our vision and relying too much upon numbers—at least sometimes, after all. He famously iterated, “Statistics are used much like a drunk uses a lamp post: for support, not illumination.”
Brian Wilson Won't Shave Beard for $1 Million Dollars
Hanley Ramirez is back
ESPN The Magazine's Tweet says it all:
He won't win NL MVP, but think about these numbers for a second. Dodgers with Hanley Ramirez: 35-14. Dodgers without Ramirez: 36-36.
Dodgers trying to Lock Up Hanley
I think a guy like Hanley Ramirez, he's a special, special player. If you know where we could find five more, we'll take them all. I don't think there are five more. Hanley's a special guy. He's fun in the clubhouse. He inspires other people. He hits the ball harder than anybody else.
Dodger Road Series
MARLINS
8/22/2013, @ Marlins 6-0 W
Kershaw in another stellar performance
What did we think of Brian Wilson after return?
Dodger Home Series
RED SOX
8/23/2013, Red Sox 2-0 W
Ricky Nolasco has really been an intricate part of this Dodger team.
He is 5-1 with 2.53 ERA in 9 starts. 40 Strikeouts 14 BB's
8/24/2013, Red Sox 2-4 L
“For the most part, I commanded the ball pretty well and was able to move the fastball around and get some weak contact from a good-hitting lineup,” Lester said. “I know what I'm capable of. It's just a matter of going out there and doing it. Since the (All-Star) break, I've felt good physically, and I feel like I'm in a good place throwing the ball right now.”
8/25/2013, Red Sox 1-8 L
Should we start to get nervous?
CUBS
8/26/2013, Cubs 6-2 W
Last 4 Games: 3-2
Overall: 77-54
Cubs Series
What are our expectations as we currently watch Game 1 of the Cubs Series
Share This Post:
To kill or not to kill? A screen grab of a sensitive, soulful zombie from The Walking Dead - Source: Telltale Games
A secondary school in Norway is using a zombie computer game rated 'mature' for its "blood and gore" and "extreme violence" to teach pupils about ethics.
The game, The Walking Dead, is rated 'mature' by the US's Entertainment Software Rating Board, meaning it should not be played by those under 17 years of age.
"I had a deep personal desire to use this type of teaching because I believe it leads to better learning and greater engagement among students," Tobias Staaby, a teacher at Bergen's Nordahl Grieg High School, told Norway's state broadcaster NRK.
He said that during his lessons the class devoted a substantial amount of time to simply playing the game, which is based on an acclaimed comic series by Robert Kirkman.
"In the first hour I walk through the points in the curriculum, then we start to play and every time we come to an ethical dilemma, we put the game on pause," he explained.
"When they have finished the discussion, every student votes anonymously on a web-based application called Kahoot! about what they would do."
Staaby said he has been surprised by how positive the reaction from both students and their parents had been.
"I thought I would get angry phone calls from mothers and fathers," he said. "But so far I haven't got any."
Taking ambiguous moral decisions is a central part of the game, which is made by California's Telltale Games, with players encouraged to see the zombies as feeling soulful creatures.
Unlike most other adventure games, the choices players make are not scored as "good" or "evil" but instead influence the way computer-generated characters respond to the player.
"Killing one actually means something," the New York Times explained in its review in 2012.
"Taking an ax to the reanimated corpse of a character's brother in the streets of Macon, or deciding whether to give a gun to a woman who was bitten and now wants to kill herself before she is reborn — these moments have more sadness and subtlety in them than other games muster in 40 hours," the paper wrote.
DayZ is an open-world zombie survival MMO by creator Dean ‘Rocket' Hall and his team at Bohemia Interactive, the development studio behind military shooter series ArmA. Recently the developer launched the alpha build for their post-apocalyptic horror game on Steam.
DayZ is set in the fictional state of Chernarus where most of the local population have turned in to zombies. Players must do all they can to survive in a harsh wasteland, scavenging for food and supplies while facing enemies both human and undead.
Based on the popular mod for ArmA II: Operation Arrowhead, the DayZ Standalone is being built from the ground up to offer a better and smoother experience for players. Revamping the map, systems, animations, servers and even adding new features are all a part of the work that is underway at Bohemia Interactive with Rocket and his talented team.
As a DayZ veteran I have been extremely excited about the standalone. With basically a year of delays however, I was quickly losing interest as the finish line seemed to be slipping further and further away. The wait is over though, the standalone is now available to buy on Steam for everyone to play – it may just be an Alpha, but it's finally here!
I quickly reunited with my old DayZ clan and booted up DayZ, ready to feast my eyes on all the hard work Rocket and his team have put in to the standalone. After playing for a couple of days I am now ready to offer some initial thoughts and opinions about the Alpha.
It's immediately noticeable how different Chernarus is when you first spawn in. With a completely overhauled map, even the most experienced DayZ players may find them selves a little lost amongst all the new buildings and locations that have been added or renovated.
Chernarus was always my favourite map, the new rendition reinforces the fact that Bohemia Interactive know exactly how to make a perfect map. It's hard not to be blown away after coming around each bend, locations make more sense and are more fitting to an apocalyptic environment. Spots which used to have a few military tents are now full military bases.
The changes to the map are too numerous to list but anyone who was a fan of Chernarus can expect to be pleased. Most buildings are now enterable, there are more large buildings and even enitre hospitals. Just when I think I have seen it all, I find something new to explore.
Players will also notice the improved graphics, the lighting, fog, and clouds have come leaps and bounds from where they were in the mod. It feels like an entirely new game and players may be surprised that it uses the same engine as the mod – though heavily modified.
While there are obvious signs that there is optimization to be done still, I noticed a significant increase in FPS on any server I played on compared to the mod which is sometimes unreasonably sluggish even on the best machines. It's smooth and less clunky.
The next thing to catch my attention was the new inventory system, which I hadn't seen up close since GamesCom. Having finally had the chance to play around with it some more, it's definitely feeling like the right direction to take. For comparison, it feels like Diablo's system.
Inventory now works on a grid system, pieces of clothing, backpacks, and vests now all have the ability to carry items. The amount of slots determines the number of grids, with items players pick up taking various amounts of grid space depending on the item's size.
This system adds some realism to inventories and forces players to make even more decisions when managing their inventory. Some items can consume a lot of space, meaning players are always making loot decisions on a need to have basis over vanity or wants.
Zombies have been dramatically improved with a new set of animations and excellent pathfinding. In the current build at the time of writing zombies are not respawning until server restart so interactions have been scarce. What I have seen so far is promising.
Additionally in the first days loot has not been respawning either, meaning the cost is often empty besides a few overlooked items hidden under beds and such. While this might sound bad, it's actually made guns rare and interactions with players more vocal than KoS.
Rocket has stated that the zombie and loot respawns will be fixed, which will be nice – but it has been a case of enjoyable bugs. The low amount of firearms has also resulted in players favouring the new melee system which ranges from your fists to axes and fire hydrants.
With players getting in close for melee fights and actually talking to each other, a lot of interaction has been taking place between players in my play sessions. This is complimented extraordinarily well by the new ability for players to surrender to other players.
Survivors can now handcuff each other to restrain problematic bandits or victims. This allows bandits to rob players without killing them, but it wouldn't be complete without the ability to knock players out. If victims resist, players can knock them out and rob or kill.
It's the first signs of actual reasons for survivors to interact with others before deciding whether to befriend or kill. These are nice features which I have had a lot of fun with, running around Chernarus scaring survivors into surrender before stealing their pants.
Amongst other nice features is the basic implementation of a crafting system, allowing players to not only modify their weapons but also do things like rip a shirt in to bandages. Items also degrade in quality, can break, and can be damaged by melee attacks or bullets.
The entire experience is being fleshed out and improved dramatically, but it can't all be good news can it? Certainly not, this is after all an Alpha in every sense of the word. The features currently implemented are just enough to test the game and bugs are everywhere.
From sound bugs, graphics bugs, glitching zombies, and more – it's definitely not a perfect experience and players should expect as much. One major upside is that the game appears stable, I haven't experienced any client crashes, freezes or overly game-breaking bugs.
Overall I am quite happy with the Alpha even if the impatient gamer in me wishes there was more on the plate right now. Rocket said it best however, do not buy the Alpha if you are expecting a solid experience – only buy it if you want to support Bohemia Interactive.
Purchase your copy of the DayZ Standalone on Steam or by visiting the official site.
Related: Bohemia Interactive
A Cape Breton University history professor has set sail on a journey to discover the real world of the pirate — and whether that image we hold of a swarthy bearded man with an eye patch, a peg leg and a parrot is actually true.
Andy Parnaby will describe his findings in a talk this evening called Why Do Pirates Say Arrrrrrr?, part of a children's lecture series at the university.
In a preview with CBC Cape Breton's Information Morning, he revealed that while "arrrrrrr" is standard among pirates of popular culture, it wasn't so much in reality.
However, because this adventurous breed of men came from all over the world, spoke many languages with different dialects heavily salted with technical seafaring terms, it was difficult for non-pirates to decipher what they were saying, Parnaby said.
"How they communicated was largely unintelligible. So if you were on the outside looking in, it sounded a lot like 'arrrrrrr.'"
Cape Breton University history professor Andy Parnaby has researched the real life of pirates. (Hal Higgins/CBC)
Parnaby has also looked at other common questions about pirates:
What about the pirate accent?
"That's one part that does ring true," said Parnaby, noting that a lot of pirates came from the West Country of England, including Penzance, Cornwall and Bristol.
"Imagine Hagrid from Harry Potter. That's a West Country accent, very piraty sounding," he said.
What about their garb?
"It's true that the wealthy ones did wear silks, gold jewelry, with pistols and swords hanging from their hips," said Parnaby.
"We know that because court records often included descriptions of what pirates appearing in court were wearing."
But only a small percentage ever achieved wealth, he said, and the majority did not dress well.
"Most pirates ended their career like the guy in the Stan Rogers' song, right — 'a broken man on a pier,'" said Parnaby. "Their careers maybe lasted two or three years."
Most ended up poor, killed in battle, swinging from a noose, or quietly returning to regular seafaring life.
What about the parrot?
Yes, some had parrots — but the image of a colourful bird on the shoulder is a fabrication, said Parnaby, explaining the bird would have been kept in a cage aboard ship.
"If you're gonna go into battle you don't want the parrot on your shoulder. It's a very, very easy target," he said.
The more typical pet was a rat, mouse or cat, and maybe a monkey if you sailed to tropical places, he noted.
Parrots were an attraction because then, as now, you could teach them to talk.
Parrots that could speak 3 languages
"I've seen newpaper ads from the 1700s for an English waterfront market advertising parrots that could speak three languages," said Parnaby.
For a brief time there were pirates in Atlantic Canadian waters, he said, but there was no comparison with the tropics.
"A pirate's life was short, they wanted money above all else. If you wanted Spanish gold or silver, you hung out around Panama, or the Carribean, and picked those ships off as they went over to the old world."
Image copyright Alamy Image caption Royal cousins Wilhelm II and King George V went to war
As nations gear up to mark 100 years since the start of World War One, academic argument still rages over which country was to blame for the conflict.
Education Secretary for England Michael Gove's recent criticism of how the causes and consequences of the war are taught in schools has only stoked the debate further.
Here 10 leading historians give their opinion.
Sir Max Hastings - military historian
Germany
No one nation deserves all responsibility for the outbreak of war, but Germany seems to me to deserve most.
Lions led by donkeys? Image copyright National Portrait Gallery Has history misjudged the generals of WW1?
It alone had power to halt the descent to disaster at any time in July 1914 by withdrawing its "blank cheque" which offered support to Austria for its invasion of Serbia.
I'm afraid I am unconvinced by the argument that Serbia was a rogue state which deserved its nemesis at Austria's hands. And I do not believe Russia wanted a European war in 1914 - its leaders knew that it would have been in a far stronger position to fight two years later, having completed its rearmament programme.
The question of whether Britain was obliged to join the European conflict which became inevitable by 1 August is almost a separate issue. In my own view neutrality was not a credible option because a Germany victorious on the continent would never afterwards have accommodated a Britain which still dominated the oceans and global financial system.
Sir Richard J Evans - Regius professor of history, University of Cambridge
Serbia
Serbia bore the greatest responsibility for the outbreak of WW1. Serbian nationalism and expansionism were profoundly disruptive forces and Serbian backing for the Black Hand terrorists was extraordinarily irresponsible. Austria-Hungary bore only slightly less responsibility for its panic over-reaction to the assassination of the heir to the Habsburg throne.
France encouraged Russia's aggressiveness towards Austria-Hungary and Germany encouraged Austrian intransigence. Britain failed to mediate as it had done in the previous Balkan crisis out of fear of Germany's European and global ambitions - a fear that was not entirely rational since Britain had clearly won the naval arms race by 1910.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Bosnian Serb Gavrilo Princip assassinated Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria
The generally positive attitude of European statesmen towards war, based on notions of honour, expectations of a swift victory, and ideas of social Darwinism, was perhaps the most important conditioning factor. It is very important to look at the outbreak of the war in the round and to avoid reading back later developments - the German September Programme for example (an early statement of their war aims) - into the events of July-August 1914.
Dr Heather Jones - associate professor in international history, LSE
Austria-Hungary, Germany and Russia
A handful of bellicose political and military decision-makers in Austria-Hungary, Germany and Russia caused WW1.
Relatively common before 1914, assassinations of royal figures did not normally result in war. But Austria-Hungary's military hawks - principal culprits for the conflict - saw the Sarajevo assassination of the Austro-Hungarian Archduke Franz Ferdinand and his wife by a Bosnian Serb as an excuse to conquer and destroy Serbia, an unstable neighbour which sought to expand beyond its borders into Austro-Hungarian territories. Serbia, exhausted by the two Balkan wars of 1912-13 in which it had played a major role, did not want war in 1914.
Broader European war ensued because German political and military figures egged on Austria-Hungary, Germany's ally, to attack Serbia. This alarmed Russia, Serbia's supporter, which put its armies on a war footing before all options for peace had been fully exhausted.
This frightened Germany into pre-emptively declaring war on Russia and on Russia's ally France and launching a brutal invasion, partly via Belgium, thereby bringing in Britain, a defender of Belgian neutrality and supporter of France.
John Rohl - emeritus professor of history, University of Sussex
Austria-Hungary and Germany
WW1 did not break out by accident or because diplomacy failed. It broke out as the result of a conspiracy between the governments of imperial Germany and Austria-Hungary to bring about war, albeit in the hope that Britain would stay out.
Image copyright Alamy Image caption Kaiser Wilhelm II was eventually forced to abdicate
After 25 years of domination by Kaiser Wilhelm II with his angry, autocratic and militaristic personality, his belief in the clairvoyance of all crowned heads, his disdain for diplomats and his conviction that his Germanic God had predestined him to lead his country to greatness, the 20 or so men he had appointed to decide the policy of the Reich opted for war in 1914 in what they deemed to be favourable circumstances.
Germany's military and naval leaders, the predominant influence at court, shared a devil-may-care militarism that held war to be inevitable, time to be running out, and - like their Austrian counterparts - believed it would be better to go down fighting than to go on tolerating what they regarded as the humiliating status quo. In the spring of 1914, this small group of men in Berlin decided to make "the leap into the dark" which they knew their support for an Austrian attack on Serbia would almost certainly entail.
The fine-tuning of the crisis was left to the civilian chancellor Theobald von Bethmann Hollweg, whose primary aim was to subvert diplomatic intervention in order to begin the war under the most favourable conditions possible. In particular, he wanted to convince his own people that Germany was under attack and to keep Britain out of the conflict.
Gerhard Hirschfeld - professor of modern and contemporary history, University of Stuttgart
Austria-Hungary, Germany, Russia, France, Britain and Serbia
Long before the outbreak of hostilities Prussian-German conservative elites were convinced that a European war would help to fulfil Germany's ambitions for colonies and for military as well as political prestige in the world.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Britain could have done more to avert war argue some
The actual decision to go to war over a relatively minor international crisis like the Sarajevo murder, however, resulted from a fatal mixture of political misjudgement, fear of loss of prestige and stubborn commitments on all sides of a very complicated system of military and political alliances of European states.
In contrast to the historian Fritz Fischer who saw German war aims - in particular the infamous September Programme of 1914 with its far-reaching economic and territorial demands - at the core of the German government's decision to go to war, most historians nowadays dismiss this interpretation as being far too narrow. They tend to place German war aims, or incidentally all other belligerent nations' war aims, in the context of military events and political developments during the war.
Dr Annika Mombauer - The Open University
Austria-Hungary and Germany
Whole libraries have been filled with the riddle of 1914. Was the war an accident or design, inevitable or planned, caused by sleepwalkers or arsonists? To my mind the war was no accident and it could have been avoided in July 1914. In Vienna the government and military leaders wanted a war against Serbia. The immediate reaction to the murder of Franz Ferdinand on 28 June 1914 was to seek redress from Serbia, which was thought to have been behind the assassination plot and which had been threatening Austria-Hungary's standing in the Balkans for some time. Crucially, a diplomatic victory was considered worthless and "odious". At the beginning of July, Austria's decision-makers chose war.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Germany recalled Hindenburg, centre, from retirement when war broke out
But in order to implement their war against Serbia they needed support from their main ally Germany. Without Germany, their decision to fight against Serbia could not have been implemented. The Berlin government issued a "blank cheque" to its ally, promising unconditional support and putting pressure on Vienna to seize this golden opportunity. Both governments knew it was almost certain that Russia would come to Serbia's aid and this would turn a local war into a European one, but they were willing to take this risk.
Germany's guarantee made it possible for Vienna to proceed with its plans - a "no" from Berlin would have stopped the crisis in its tracks. With some delay Vienna presented an ultimatum to Serbia on 23 July which was deliberately unacceptable. This was because Austria-Hungary was bent on a war and Germany encouraged it because the opportunity seemed perfect. Victory still seemed possible whereas in a few years' time Russia and France would have become invincible. Out of a mixture of desperation and over-confidence the decision-makers of Austria-Hungary and Germany unleashed a war to preserve and expand their empires. The war that ensued would be their downfall.
Sean McMeekin - assistant professor of history at Koc University, Istanbul
Austria-Hungary, Germany, Russia, France, Britain and Serbia
It is human nature to seek simple, satisfying answers, which is why the German war guilt thesis endures today.
Find out more In BBC Radio 4's The Great War of Words Michael Portillo explores why responsibility for WW1 has been a fierce battle for meaning ever since 1914 Listen to the programme
Without Berlin's encouragement of a strong Austro-Hungarian line against Serbia after Sarajevo - the "blank cheque" - WW1 would clearly not have broken out. So Germany does bear responsibility.
But it is equally true that absent a terrorist plot launched in Belgrade the Germans and Austrians would not have faced this terrible choice. Civilian leaders in both Berlin and Vienna tried to "localise" conflict in the Balkans. It was Russia's decision - after Petersburg received its own "blank cheque" from Paris - to Europeanise the Austro-Serbian showdown which produced first a European and then - following Britain's entry - world conflagration. Russia, not Germany, mobilised first.
The resulting war, with France and Britain backing Serbia and Russia against two Central Powers, was Russia's desired outcome, not Germany's. Still, none of the powers can escape blame. All five Great Power belligerents, along with Serbia, unleashed Armageddon.
Prof Gary Sheffield - professor of war studies, University of Wolverhampton
Austria-Hungary and Germany
The war was started by the leaders of Germany and Austria-Hungary. Vienna seized the opportunity presented by the assassination of the archduke to attempt to destroy its Balkan rival Serbia. This was done in the full knowledge that Serbia's protector Russia was unlikely to stand by and this might lead to a general European war.
Image copyright Alamy Image caption Austrian Emperor Franz Joseph I and Germany's Kaiser Wilhelm II were allies
Germany gave Austria unconditional support in its actions, again fully aware of the likely consequences. Germany sought to break up the French-Russian alliance and was fully prepared to take the risk that this would bring about a major war. Some in the German elite welcomed the prospect of beginning an expansionist war of conquest. The response of Russia, France and later Britain were reactive and defensive.
The best that can be said of German and Austrian leaders in the July crisis is that they took criminal risks with world peace.
Dr Catriona Pennell - senior lecturer in history, University of Exeter
Austria-Hungary and Germany
In my opinion, it is the political and diplomatic decision-makers in Germany and Austria-Hungary who must carry the burden of responsibility for expanding a localised Balkan conflict into a European and, eventually, global war. Germany, suffering from something of a "younger child" complex in the family of European empires, saw an opportunity to reconfigure the balance of power in their favour via an aggressive war of conquest.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Britain declared war on Germany on 4 August 1914
On 5 July 1914 it issued the "blank cheque" of unconditional support to the crumbling Austro-Hungarian Empire (trying to reassert its dominance over the rebellious Serbia), despite the likelihood of this sparking war with Russia, an ally of France and Great Britain. However, Austria-Hungary's actions should not be ignored.
The ultimatum it issued to Serbia on 23 July was composed in such a way that its possibility of being accepted was near impossible. Serbia's rejection paved the way for Austria-Hungary to declare war on 28 July, thus beginning WW1.
David Stevenson - professor of international history, LSE
Germany
The largest share of responsibility lies with the German government. Germany's rulers made possible a Balkan war by urging Austria-Hungary to invade Serbia, well understanding that such a conflict might escalate. Without German backing it is unlikely that Austria-Hungary would have acted so drastically.
They also started wider European hostilities by sending ultimata to Russia and France, and by declaring war when those ultimata were rejected - indeed fabricating a pretext that French aircraft had bombed Nuremberg.
Finally, they violated international treaties by invading Luxemburg and Belgium knowing that the latter violation was virtually certain to bring in Britain. This is neither to deny that there were mitigating circumstances nor to contend that German responsibility was sole.
Serbia subjected Austria-Hungary to extraordinary provocation and two sides were needed for armed conflict. Although the Central Powers took the initiative, the Russian government, with French encouragement, was willing to respond.
In contrast, while Britain might have helped avert hostilities by clarifying its position earlier, this responsibility - even disregarding the domestic political obstacles to an alternative course - was passive rather than active.
Find out more on the generals of WW1 and if history has misjudged them and the World War One Centenary.
Follow @BBCNewsMagazine on Twitter and on Facebook
Speaking of Marshmallow, Google's new software update plays nicer with fingerprints for authentication and payments -- thankfully the fingerprint sensor just below the screen seems excellent. All those battery considerations in Android 6.0 should help the A9 and its 2,150mAh cell too, and it's already been surprisingly good (more on that in our full review). You'll also notice a slightly cleaner version of HTC's custom Sense interface on certain models; theming and suggested apps are still there, and the app launcher and core design elements still look familiar. It's more an issue of pre-loaded apps -- HTC has done away with its own Mail and Music apps, and wants users to be able to delete carrier-installed apps too.
If you'll indulge the flashback, there's an almost Droid Incredible vibe about the A9, and not just because of its lean, hand-friendly physique. The A9's 5.0-inch, 1080p screen is HTC's first AMOLED screen in ages, with prior choices skewing toward Super LCD screens. Just like the old days, the screen can be used in one of two ways -- the default setup has bright, punchy colors for mass consumer appeal, but there's a more accurate sRGB mode if you're into that sort of thing. There's no way we were going to get a Quad HD screen in a device this small and that costs so little, but I haven't had reason to complain.
Still, there's no denying this thing lacks some of the niceties we got with this M9. The most tragic loss? The front-facing speakers that were a hallmark of HTC's BoomSound experience; there's one grille etched into the A9's bottom edge. While it's not bad as far as single speaker setups go, it doesn't hold a candle to the immersive sound we squeezed out of earlier flagships. The BoomSound flair hasn't disappeared completely, though -- it just evolved. Plugging in a pair of headphones triggers the included Dolby amplifier, adding a little extra oomph and brightness most tracks I threw at it. You can toss 24-bit tunes onto the A9 too if you've got any laying around; I'm stocking up on them while we gear up for a full review. Throw in a 13-megapixel camera with really snappy optical image stabilization and a Pro Mode that supports RAW image capture and we've got a solid competitor for the price. Like it or not, though, HTC considers the A9 the flagship successor to the M9 and will replace it completely in some competitive retail markets.
And yes, the A9 is reminiscent of another phone, too -- perhaps disturbingly so. HTC is well aware that people are calling the A9 an iPhone copy, and really, who could blame them? The similarities -- a rounded all-metal chassis, a single speaker, the round camera setup (compared to the M9's charming squircle) -- are hard to miss. In particular, the company knows the parallel placement of the A9's polycarbonate antenna bands looks a lot like the iPhone 6's, but HTC made those a thing first. In fairness, there's a lot going on here that doesn't feel Apple-y in origin. The textured power button adds some much-needed tactile difference from the smooth volume rocker above it, and HTC's mastery of metal shines with an aircraft-grade aluminum that has two distinct tactile feels on the A9's back and sides. If there's one thing HTC knows how to do, it's how to build a device with impeccable fit and finish.
With the A9, HTC is doing a lot of insisting -- it is a flagship, it isn't an iPhone clone, and so on. Ultimately, though, that's not their decision to make. It's ours. After a bit of playtime, it's clear that HTC has had time to reflect on what they're good at and what smartphone shoppers want. The end result is a phone that seems like a solid -- if kind of safe -- next step for a company on the brink. What's not clear is whether the A9 actually has the power to win the hearts, minds and wallets needed to restore HTC's former glory.
Dec. 3 (UPI) -- Prints of a piece by graffiti artist Banksy called “Destroy Capitalism” are available on Walmart's website for $57.99 to $868.99, although the validity of the works appears to be up in the air.
Jo Brooks, Banksy's publicist told LAist, "The Banksy canvases you showed me are counterfeit reproductions and we are currently dealing with Walmart about them."
LAist's art expert, Jake Dobkin, found the situation amusing. "I think he'd probably appreciate the irony of a monstrous corporation appropriating his anti-consumerist art and selling it at a markup without giving him any money -- that's pretty punk rock."
But a Walmart spokesperson said that the prints are being sold by third-party sellers.
“These items are sold through our Marketplace third-party sellers Wayfair and PlumStruck…We will also instruct Wayfair and Plumstruck to review their artwork to ensure the descriptions are accurate. They've provided great products and experiences to our customers and are contracted to comply with product copyright, safety, testing and certification requirements. We'll work closely with them on the review.”
The absurdity of the situation was not lost on the Twitterverse:
[LAist]
At least once or twice a week, a press release falls into my inbox that involuntarily forces me to make that comically confused puppy face. You know, the one where your head cocks to the side violently, your mouth twists into a kind of half-smirk, half-frown, and your brow furrows into an almost painful scrunch, all out of sheer, unadulterated bewilderment?
Tear-away tank top not included.
I had that reaction today when I read Majesco's press release announcement of Hulk Hogan's Main Event, a wrestling game of sorts created exclusively for Kinect. Panic Button LLC., the makers of such fine casual products as Attack of the Movies 3D, and Go Play Lumberjacks, is developing the title.
So what does a Kinect wrestling game entail? I... don't really know...
I've read this press release a half-dozen times now, and its description of a game in which players "train with mentor Hulk Hogan as they build their own wrestling personalities and learn the art of showmanship to win over the crowd" still doesn't quite compute. The release then goes on to describe learning more than "30 punishing combos" and how the Kinect sensor will track "players' every move; the more dynamic the motion, the more high impact the wrestler's performance is." It also mentions things like a dynamic wrestler creation mode and different weapons you can wield, but nowhere does it explain what any of this means.
Hulk Hogan, for his part, was no help at all.
“Listen up, people! You will feel the power of Hulkamania when you step into this game,” said Hulk Hogan. “Whether you are taking the damage or selling the pain, this game will let you unleash your inner wrestler as you hype up the crowd while putting the hurt on anyone that stands in your way!”
== TEASER ==
Ack! I feel like I'm taking crazy pills! How does any of this work? Will I be clotheslining at empty air? Am I going to be leg-dropping my coffee table? Should I go out and buy one of those old WWF Wrestling Buddies? Without images or video, and only this barely existent website for context, I'm grasping at straws here, people. I guess we'll find out more at E3? Probably?
As a final aside, this press release might contain my favorite useless, barely-contextual quote from a guy in a suit in a good long while.
Hulk Hogan's longtime marketing agent, Darren Prince, CEO of Prince Marketing Group, said “When we started discussions with Majesco on the format of this game we knew it was a perfect fit for Hulk's global brand.”
That's it. That's the entire quote. Cool story, bro?
Myth: There are only three states of matter.
I remember growing up and learning all about solids, liquids and gases. My science class in elementary school never talked about other states or phases of matter. As I aged and advanced in my education, I began learning about the other states. I naively assumed the new states of matter I was learning about, like plasma, were new advances in scientific knowledge that would now be taught in school. It wasn't until my son brought home his 6th grade science book, that I was shocked to find out the classic “3 states” were all that was being taught- presumably because trying to understand the other states is thought to be too difficult to explain to a 6th grader… I kind of feel like, if he can figure out how to team up with 6 people online and destroy me and my team in a 3 dimensional fake reality, I think he can understand Plasma… It's really not that complicated.
Advertisement
The book, however, clearly stated “there are 3 states of matter, solid liquid and gas”. It could have stated: “The three most well known types of matter” or “The three types of matter we are most scientifically familiar with” or something to that effect- implying that there are other states of matter you will learn about later in your education. Instead, the continued “dumbing down” of our children's education has led to many needlessly taking the knowledge of “only three states of matter” with them throughout their lives. In an attempt to dispel any continued ignorance to the currently known states of matter, let's talk about all of them we currently know about. After all, plasma currently makes up most of the visible universe; seems like we should be teaching kids about that.
While “states” is a common term to describe what form matter is in, I prefer the term “phase”. Both are acceptable most of the time. I believe “phase” more accurately describes the situation that a specific piece of matter is in; however, there are specific contexts in physics that “state” is more appropriate. “Phase” (or state) of matter can be thought of as the area of space throughout which all the physical properties of a substance are uniform. That uniformity is chemically the same throughout the material, and physically distinct from nearby substances. It's only if a substance can be changed to become physically or chemically different that it's said to be in a different phase. The most common types of changes in the phases of matter consists of changing its physical characteristics.
The best way to think of a phase changing the physical nature of a substance is with the common example of water, ice, and steam. They can occupy nearly the same region of space, and be in completely different phases. Consider a glass of ice water. The ice is in a solid phase, the water is in the liquid phase, and the humid air consisting of the evaporating gas is in another phase. While chemically they are the same, what makes them in different phases is that they are physically distinct from each other.
Advertisement
Most types of matter can transition into these physically different phases based on the amount of heat present. For instance, everyone knows that if you add heat to a solid it will usually transition into a liquid, with some exceptions given the right set of environmental circumstances. If you continue adding heat, the material will transition into a gas. If you continue to add heat you will turn that gas into plasma. Plasma is created when the electrons of an atom are so excited they have enough energy to escape the hold of the positively charged nucleus and react with any similar nucleus present.
On the other end of the spectrum is removal of heat from the material. When you continue cooling a substance to almost absolute zero, you can get what is known as a Bose-Einstein condensate. Due to the need to keep substances at extremely low temperatures, these condensates have not been proven to occur naturally in our universe, although theoretically they could exist.
Other, even less known, phases of matter involve the substance's magnetic characteristics. The most recent example was published in the journal “Nature” in December of 2012. Researchers at MIT were able to grow a crystal (a solid) that had magnetic characteristics of a liquid. While most magnetic solids have defined positive and negative areas within the substance, known as magnetic moments, this crystal's specific magnetic moments fluctuated constantly without outside influence. Not only were they able to discover this new type of matter, but simultaneously they discovered something of a new type of magnetism!
Advertisement
As technology advances, scientists use ever more sophisticated techniques that allow us to take apart, and put together every aspect of our physical universe. Since we so clearly define a state, or phase, of matter as any substance that is chemically unique and has a distinct physical characteristic, the fast paced advancement in technology and scientific techniques allow us to continually increase the ways in which we can change the physical characteristic of any substance, and therefore create new states of matter. This is why the sheer number of the states of matter will undoubtedly increase as time goes on, perhaps drastically.
As this is changing all the time, I'll just say as of writing this article, I found 4 types of classical matter (matter that has been shown to occur naturally), 8 types that are said to be at low energy states and are not classical, 3 that are not classical and said to have high energy states, and 3 that are classified separately because of the magnetic properties that exist.
So bottom line, there are many more states of matter than the commonly stated, solid, liquid, and gas. The exact number and nature of those states will continue to change as technology advances. Also, most of your elementary and high school text books are all filled with many, many lies.
Advertisement
Related Links:
Image: Shutterstock/Viktoriya
Scott writes for the wildly popular interesting fact website TodayIFoundOut.com. To subscribe to Today I Found Out's “Daily Knowledge” newsletter, click here or like them on Facebook here.
Advertisement
This post has been republished with permission from TodayIFoundOut.com.
More than half a million refugees and migrants have arrived by sea in Greece this year and the rate of arrivals is rising with more than 8,000 coming on Monday alone, in a rush to beat the onset of freezing winter, the United Nations said on Tuesday.
UN refugee agency spokeswoman Melissa Fleming said 27,500 people remained in transit on Greek islands near Turkey, many voicing fears that borders ahead of them in northern Europe will close again, although migrants were passing from Croatia into Slovenia after Hungary sealed its frontier with Croatia.
“We have reached another dramatic milestone, with the arrival yesterday [Monday] of 8,000 people, bringing the total to 502,500. Obviously we knew this was coming, but we do see a spike in arrivals in Greece,” Ms Fleming told a news briefing.
In all, more than 643,000 refugees and migrants from the Middle East, Africa and Asia have crossed the Mediterranean to Europe this year and at least 3,135 have died en route, according to the UN High Commissioner for Refugees.
Most are refugees needing protection from war and persecution, including Syrians, Iraqis and Eritreans, the UNHCR says.
“We are reporting 25 deaths in the Aegean [Sea] this week, many of them children,” said Joel Millman of the International Organisation for Migration (IOM).
People smugglers are offering “discount rates” to some passengers leaving Turkey but are packing ever more people onto each boat, making conditions even more dangerous, Ms Fleming said.
Enormous task
“Without this essential element, the relocation programme that was agreed by Europe in September is in serious peril and may fail. One system can't work without the other.”
She was referring to a European Union programme to distribute 160,000 asylum seekers from Italy and Greece to other participating EU countries. So far only a first group of 19 Eritrean asylum seekers has gone to Sweden from Italy.
Migrants continue to stream north through the Balkans from Greece but Hungary shut its border with Croatia on Friday and Slovenia imposed daily limits on migrants entering from Croatia, holding up thousands on cold, rain-sodden frontiers.
Slovenia said on Tuesday it would deploy the army to help guard its border and appealed for help from fellow members of the European Union.
By late morning on Tuesday, 5,000 migrants had entered Slovenia from Croatia, after some 8,000 on Monday, Slovenia's interior ministry said. But a ministry official said “we cannot exclude the possibility of safeguarding border crossings with physical obstacles” if the influx escalated.
“Those borders, the Croatian border, the Slovenian border, have reopened and you've all read what some people suffered through . . . People were just soaked to the bone, it was raining, it was cold, it was miserable,” Ms Fleming said.
“This is probably a little curtain-raiser for what is to come in the winter months that are going to be even colder and even more miserable.” – (Reuters)
Story highlights Some in the Republican Party are waiting for the perfect candidate to emerge
But no candidate who's not already in the race seems likely to step in
Those on wish lists of some in the party aren't hedging on their refusal to run
About that knight in shining armor -- the Republican candidate with the quick-witted, pugnacious style of Newt Gingrich; the blue-collar conservative values of Rick Santorum; the cool business acumen of Mitt Romney; and the passionate supporters of Ron Paul.
Republican mythology in this contentious, messy primary season is that the perfect candidate will ride into the Republican primary in March or April -- or maybe wait until August and a brokered convention -- to fill the unmet needs of the 44% of Republican voters not satisfied with their choices.
News flash: Not going to happen.
For starters, perfect candidates seem less so in the klieg lights of the political arena.
Consider the case of then-candidate Hillary Clinton at the beginning of her 2008 presidential campaign with a 52% approval rating.
Three and a half years later, she's globe-trotting Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, with a 69% approval rating.
JUST WATCHED Gibbs: It's going to be a tough campaign Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Gibbs: It's going to be a tough campaign 07:52
The moral of that story? Voters like politicians best when they're not running for anything.
Problem No. 2: No knights in shining armor have applied for the job.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie -- kind of "it boy" in the Republican Party -- once said the only way to get people to believe he's not running would be to kill himself. Now, he answers a slight permutation of the same ol' question: Might he change his mind?
"No, absolutely not. I would not reconsider my decision," he says. "I don't expect there will be a contested election."
Other shining stars in the Republican galaxy have also dimmed the lights for 2012.
Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush: No in November 2010.
"I really have to stay focused on this goal of achieving some financial independence, financial security for my family," he said then.
"And that's just as simple as that. No one believes it because in the Washington world, I guess there's such a deep discount for the, you know, for the truth in politics. You know, politicians never say what they actually believe or something. So I'm asked this question a lot. You would think about 10 times, you would be done with it, but I keep answering it honestly."
And last week, still no.
"Not going to happen," he said. "The party nominee will be amongst the candidates that are in the race now."
JUST WATCHED The Campaign Trail Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH The Campaign Trail 02:55
JUST WATCHED Sound of Sunday with Candy Crowley Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Sound of Sunday with Candy Crowley 02:31
JUST WATCHED How long will protests continue? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH How long will protests continue? 06:28
Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels? Still no, no, a thousand times no.
Is there any circumstance where he would change his mind?
"There really isn't," he said. "It would just take a change of heart on the part of my family. And again it's not an ambition or an obsession I have ever had."
It's not as if any of them are hedging. But if not them, then who?
There is Sen. Marco Rubio, a Cuban-American with tea party support and crossover appeal to mainstream Republicans. He's too green and too young, but pencil him in for 2016 or 2020. In the meantime, put him on your veep list this year.
The one Republican rock star left is former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin, who electrified the party four years ago. But her unfavorability rating hit an all-time high of 62% last fall.
Call her a former rock star.
Anything can happen in a political campaign. But odds are overwhelming that the Republican presidential nominee is somewhere on the campaign trail today.
In the end, the search for the perfect candidate is an interesting parlor game. It's just not grounded in the reality of political life in the klieg lights.
