We are sorry, you need to be a subscriber to watch this video
We are sorry, you need to be a subscriber to watch this video
President Putin has ordered his generals to form a military alliance with France in the fight to destroy Islamic State, heralding the closest relationship between Russia and the West for more than a decade.
The Russian leader called President Hollande yesterday and both agreed to co-ordinate missions to fight the terrorist network after the attacks on Paris that left 129 dead.
Mr Putin ordered commanders on board the Moskva, a Russian cruiser in the Mediterranean, to make contact with the French navy and to treat France as their ally.
Yesterday, the Kremlin fired dozens of cruise missiles from long-range bombers and a submarine at Isis targets after it was confirmed that a 1kg bomb had brought down the Russian passenger jet over Egypt last month.
Lech Wales: Putin should be tried in The Hague 59 4.04.2014, 11:45
31,960
The world still has a chance to give a manly response to the Russian dictator.
Former president of Poland and Nobel Peace Prize winner Lech Wales said it in an interview with Rzeczpospolita.
“Such people as Putin should be tried by the Hague Tribunal or another international court. One cannot violate the norms and agreements and create a danger for nations of the world. Measures should be taken to let everybody know that they will be tried for such actions. An international commission should be set to launch proceedings against Putin,” the politician is confident.
Lech Walesa emphasised the “wolrd should not play chess with Putin, who is boxing”.
“It will end badly for all of us if we forgive him everything now. We should create the international Solidarity movement, a modern one. We should ask every country 'How much can you do for Ukraine, honestly?' We could see how we can struggle and who joins us. I hope the world will give a manly response to Putin,” the Nobel Prize winner said.
SYDNEY — The CEO of Australian on-demand TV service Quickflix has launched a very public attack on American rival, Netflix.
Stephen Langsford has written an open letter to Netflix CEO Reed Hasting telling him to make users "come through the front door."
As the battle between on-demand television and video subscription services heats up in Australia, it seems things are getting a little more interesting and a little more brutal.
Netflix is the second most popular service in Australia, growing its audience to more than 200,000 subscribers without even launching locally. Australians can access the American Netflix catalogue using a VPN service to mask their local IP address. The company are expected to launch locally in 2015.
Quickflix is currently the main local option for the consumer and it is clear the company has had enough of Netflix allowing people "unauthorised access" to US content through the back door.
Langsford demands Hastings get legally on board in Australia and begin investing in the local subscription market, rather than stealing his Quickflix's customers and making it difficult for local services to compete.
"Netflix not only knowingly collects revenues from subscribers with unauthorised access to your US service, investing nothing in the Australian market nor paying for Australian rights to the content you make available, but also tacitly encourages Australian consumers to inadvertently breach the copyright of the content owners," Langsford wrote.
"Unlike yourself, Quickflix has obtained all necessary Australian rights to the content on its platform, faithfully meets all necessary security requirements, including geo-filtering imposed by the content rights holders, and continues to reinvest in its service with the goal of offering the very best service in the market to its customers."
"So Mr Hastings, we challenge Netflix to play by the rules. It's how we do it here in Australia," he continued in the letter. "Stop turning a blind eye to the VPN services acting as a gateway to your service. Be honest and face up to the issue of unauthorised access to your US service. Have the courage to limit your service only to the territories where you have legally obtained the rights to operate by abiding by the geo-filtering obligations required by your content license agreements. And do so immediately."
Image: Supplied by Quickflix
With the clock ticking toward a potential work stoppage at Canada Post, lawyer and author William Kaplan was appointed Friday to seek an end to the months-long labour dispute at the Crown agency.
In appointing the seasoned mediator and arbitrator to lead a team of interveners, Labour Minister MaryAnn Mihychuk said her hope was the Toronto-based Kaplan could avert threatened job action by members of the Canadian Union of Postal Workers.
"I am hopeful that this will bring a new perspective to the negotiating table, which could motivate the parties to find a solution and move beyond their current impasse," Mihychuk said in a statement.
"I continue to closely monitor the situation."
The union issued a 72-hour strike notice Thursday, accusing Canada Post of forcing a labour disruption. CUPW has said its members will not work overtime, adding that strike action will rotate by province and territory.
Talks hit stalemate
Nine months of contract talks between the Crown corporation and CUPW reached a stalemate this week with both sides saying they remained far apart on key issues including pay scales for rural letter carriers and proposed changes to pensions for future employees.
Adding fuel to its argument that its ability to meet the union's contract demands is severely restricted, Canada Post revealed Friday that it earned a profit of about $1 million in the second quarter of operations this year, a result it termed "essentially break-even" compared with a before-tax loss of $31 million during the same period a year ago.
It credited recent cost-cutting and a growing parcel delivery business for the small profit.
However, the fiscal black ink was far overshadowed by a daunting pension obligation, Canada Post warned.
"Canada Post's pension solvency deficit . . . is estimated at $8.1 billion as of July 1, 2016, up from $6.1 billion at December 31, 2015 (using the market value of plan assets)," the agency said.
"The large size and volatility of this obligation compared to the corporation's revenue and profit presents a major challenge to the corporation's financial self-sustainability."
Wants pension change
Canada Post wants move from a defined benefit pension plan to a defined contribution plan for new employees, a move CUPW said would create a two-tiered pension system.
The union has been arguing for wage parity between rural and urban postal workers, claiming that rural carriers earn, on average, roughly 30 per cent less than city carriers.
Mihychuk indicated Thursday the pay equity issue should be taken off the table.
"The prime minister and this government is fully committed to pay equity," she told reporters outside a Liberal caucus meeting in Saguenay, Que.
"We actually do not believe that pay equity should be a negotiable item. It's the law of the land and needs to be implemented," she said.
It was not immediately clear whether a work stoppage — if it happens — would result in a disruption of mail and parcel deliveries.
CUPW said Thursday the strike notice it delivered to management did not envision a full-blown walkout.
The map above shows the 15 busiest TTC bus routes slated for weekday morning peak period service reductions and includes median annual income broken down by ward.
The maps shown here depict the 15 TTC bus routes with the highest ridership that would have reduced service during the morning peak period on weekdays if recommendations announced on Nov. 28 are approved.
Clicking on each of the lines on the map will provide a description of the service reductions. Clicking on each ward will give you ward-specific demographic data.
The bus route service cuts on each of the three maps are plotted against demographic data taken from the 2006 census broken down by ward: median household income, percentage of the population with no reported high school certificate, diploma or degree and percentage whose mother tongue is English.
For the sake of consistency, CBCNews.ca mapped only the busiest routes that will see service reductions during weekday morning peak periods, the time commuters are counting on the TTC to get them to work or school.
Streetcar routes are not mapped. In total, 52 bus routes will face reductions in the peak periods under the TTC's proposal.
And although the TTC says the initial changes mean less frequent and more crowded service, it also plans to increase service for some bus and streetcar routes.
More detailed descriptions of service cuts slated for all surface routes, including streetcar lines, are listed here.
The TTC will determine in January whether the proposed cuts will be implemented. One comissioner raised the possibility of implementing a 15-cent fare hike in order to maintain service levels for the coming year.
Three of the five busiest routes (32 Eglinton West, 29 Dufferin and 35 Jane) that are slated to experience morning peak period service reductions are concentrated in a corridor between Allen Road and Jane Street.
Four wards in that region have median household incomes that are below $45,000, according to the census. The median household income for the city as a whole is $52,833.
Education
The map above shows the 15 busiest TTC bus routes slated for service reductions and includes, broken down by ward, the percentage of residents without a high school certificate or diploma.
Of the 15 routes that are mapped, the five that have the largest cuts as a percentage of current service are listed below:
116A/E Morningside: Service "To U of T Scarborough" branch will change from every 15 minutes to every 18 minutes. (20% decrease)
7 Bathurst: From Monday to Friday, the service in the morning peak period will change from every 5 minutes 30 seconds to every 6 minutes 30 seconds. (18% decrease)
41 Keele: From Monday to Friday, the combined service in the morning peak period will change from every 4 minutes 38 seconds to every 5 minutes 25 seconds. (16.9% decrease)
54 Lawrence East: The combined service between Lawrence East Station and Scarborough Golf Club Road in the morning peak period from Monday to Friday will change from every 3 minutes to every 3 minutes 30 seconds (16% decrease). The service west of Lawrence East Station to Eglinton Station will change from every 4 minutes 30 seconds to every 5 minutes 15 seconds (16% decrease), and the service on Scarborough Golf Club Road, Brimorton Drive, Orton Park Road, and east of Orton Park Road will change from every 9 minutes to every 10 minutes 30 seconds. (16% decrease)
96 Wilson: In the morning peak period from Monday to Friday the combined service will change from every three minutes 32 seconds to every four minutes three seconds. (14.6% decrease)
Mother tongue
The map above shows the 15 busiest TTC bus routes slated for service reductions and includes, broken down by ward, the percentage of residents whose mother tongue is English.
* The ridership represented on the map for the 39 Finch East is the number for the combined 39 Finch East, 139 Finch-Don Mills, and 199 Finch Rocket routes, which provide a single service over much of their length.
**Data for these maps was taken from the TTC, the City of Toronto and the 2006 Census. Contains public sector Datasets made available under the City of Toronto's Open Data Licence v2.0.
The American Airlines pilot was held at a security checkpoint after he allegedly tested above the legal limit for blood alcohol.
American Airlines cancelled a flight from Detroit to Philadelphia after a co-pilot was suspected of being intoxicated.
The pilot, who hasn't been named, allegedly tested above the legal limit for blood alcohol content, according to a statement issued by the Federal Aviation Administration.
Officials had reported his behaviour.
The pilot was detained at a security checkpoint at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport in suburban Romulus, Michigan.
"Flight 736 was cancelled and we are re-accommodating our customers on other flights," American Airlines spokeswoman Laura Nedbal said.
READ MORE:
* Watch: Pilot lands Boeing 727 without front wheels
* Pilot boots off drunken British bachelor party
"This is a serious matter and we are assisting local law enforcement and the Federal Aviation Administration with the investigation."
She declined to say what range of penalties a pilot could face if found to be unfit for flight due to intoxication.
Several college students who were on spring break tweeted about the incident, which left them stranded at the airport.
FAA rules concerning pilots and alcohol are stricter than those enforced for motorists.
The agency prohibits pilots from flying while under the influence of alcohol, specifically when their blood alcohol content is 0.04 percent or higher, or within eight hours of consuming any alcoholic beverages.
The American pilot allegedly tested above the 0.04-percent level.
The pilot was scheduled to fly on an Embraer E-190 - smaller than an aircraft such as a Boeing 737 but larger than a typical regional jet.
A group of security researchers have released full details and exploitation code for an unpatched Windows local privilege escalation vulnerability. The researchers openly stated that they will continue to do so in response to how Microsoft treated Tavis Ormany, the Google engineer blamed for disclosing a critical Windows bug publicly last month.
The advisory for a new zero-day vulnerability affecting Windows Vista and Windows Server 2008 contains an interesting manifesto which reads: "Due to hostility toward security researchers, the most recent example being of Tavis Ormandy, a number of us from the industry (and some not from the industry) have come together to form MSRC: the Microsoft-Spurned Researcher Collective. MSRC will fully disclose vulnerability information discovered in our free time, free from retaliation against us or any inferred employer."
The name is clearly a pun directed at Microsoft's Security Response Center (MSRC), while Tavis Ormandy is the Google engineer who disclosed the Windows XP Help Center vulnerability that is currently being exploited in the wild. Ormandy has taken a lot of heat from both Microsoft and from others in the security community for publishing details about an unpatched critical vulnerability in the public domain.
According to Security Focus, the bug exposed by the so called "Microsoft-Spurned Researcher Collective" can lead to local privilege escalation. "An attacker may exploit this issue to execute arbitrary code with kernel-level privileges, however, this has not been confirmed. Successful exploits will result in the complete compromise of affected computers," the Security Focus advisory reads.
The upset security researchers poke more fun at Microsoft in its disclosure. For example their workaround section tells the company to locate the HKCU\Microsoft\Windows\CurrentVersion\Security registry key and change the "OurJob" boolean value to FALSE. They even include an email address that others willing to join the cause can use to make contact.
In related news, two other Microsoft zero-day vulnerabilities have been disclosed in the past week. One is located in mshtml.dll and exploitation leads to a memory leak condition. According to Ruben Santamarta, the security researcher who discovered it, the flaw affects Internet Explorer 8 on Windows XP, Vista and 7 32/64 bit, and can potentially be leveraged to circumvent ASLR and DEP.
The second bug affects Internet Information Services (IIS) 5.1 and can be used to bypass the server's security restrictions remotely. A security researcher named Soroush Dalili is credited with discovering this vulnerability. Complete exploitation details are available on his blog.
You can follow the editor on Twitter @lconstantin
Tech bloggers and reporters love to complain about dealing with public relations companies, but there's a reason these firms exist — and a reason they get paid so handsomely. By working with PR firms on messaging and positioning when it comes to hot button issues, scenarios like the one that unfolded during Xbox boss Don Mattrick's interview with GameTrailers might be avoided. Instead, Microsoft's Mattrick told the world that there is a clear answer to critics who don't like the Xbox One's requirement for an internet connection: Just buy an old Xbox 360 and forgo the future of gaming.
During the video interview, GameTrailers asked Mattrick about the new console's connectivity requirements. The following is a transcription of his response:
Some of the advantages that you get, of having, a box that is designed to use an online state, so, that, uh, to me is the future-proof choice, and I think people, could've arguably gone the other way if we didn't do it and fortunately we have a product for people who aren't able to get some form of connectivity, it's called Xbox 360.
The interviewer pressed, asking if that was really Microsoft's message. Mattrick continued:
Well, if you have zero access to the internet, that is an offline device, I mean, seriously, when I read the blogs, and thought about who's really the most impacted, there was a person who said ‘hey, I'm on a nuclear sub,' and I don't even know what it means to be on a nuclear sub but I've gotta imagine it's not easy to get an internet connection.
Microsoft's Xbox One will cost $499 with an included Kinect sensor, one controller and a game when it launches in November this year. The video interview with Mattrick is embedded below.
Every season, someone emerges as a Survivor fan favorite.
Back in 2000, people actually wrote songs about Survivor's first sweetheart, the quirky and cute Colleen Haskell. Haskell parlayed that fame into a leading role in a Rob Schneider movie before vanishing from public life. (Speaking of Colleen, does anyone know where she is these days? Asking for a friend.)
We've seen other favorites come and go: Rupert, Russell, Cirie, Joe. CBS knows how to promote these fan favorites – casting them on subsequent seasons, booking them on soap operas and even having them compete on The Price Is Right.
But this is a first.
This season, many of the 11 million viewers of Survivor: Kaoh Rong have become obsessed with Mark. Yes, Mark. The tribe's chicken. He has his own fan-made Twitter profile and Facebook pages.
Never one to miss a good thing, CBS has recut their iconic title sequence to include him.
That's not to say that the rest of the cast is weak. This season of Survivor has delivered all sorts of jaw-dropping moments. (Seriously, the show has been on a roll since Survivor: Philippines in 2012.)
But If we're being perfectly honest, we're a bit worried about Mark's future. After Scot Pollard's blindside last week, Jason Kyle is out for revenge. We're afraid he'll take it out on Mark.
Will Mark survive this week? Survivor: Kaoh Rong airs Wednesdays (8 p.m. ET) on CBS.
Photo Credit: iStock
By Julie Sibert
My husband and I have a fairly traditional marriage. I stay home with the kids and he goes out into the world and “slays dragons.” (Well, he works for the local gas and water company, but “slays dragons” sounds more edgy, doesn't it?) We are your typical chaotic family.
On any given day, I'm breaking up sibling squabbles, staring into my pantry to see if the “dinner fairy” has again overlooked me, and trying to tame the calendar. Oh, I also clean up the dog poop. Besides his regular job, my husband juggles his fair share of home responsibilities, too — cars, lawns, broken stuff, clogged pipes and precarious “about to fall” tree limbs. In addition to all this, we care for two elderly family members.
My husband and I are Christians and therefore I believe that it is my calling to be a “submissive” wife. So, what does submission look like for me? I am submissive in that while my husband and I openly discuss all major decisions that impact our family, I ultimately yield to his decisions. We agree on some things; we disagree on others. That's marriage, but when it comes down to deciding time, I defer to him.
Certainly submission does not mean going against what I believe is right or moral. For example, if a husband tells his wife she should “steal,” then she would be completely justified in not submitting to him. And submission absolutely does not mean a woman should overlook abuse (either of herself or her children).
But I do seek my husband's advice and opinion and defer to him on many decisions. I believe that he is the head of the house and I respect his leadership role. This isn't hard for me. I am fortunate to have a husband who “loves his wife as Christ loved the church,” which is part of a verse from the Bible (Ephesians 5:21-32) that instructs husbands to care for their wives.
So, despite what many people think, submission for me is not so hard. The life of a submissive wife is a daily reality for many Christian couples. And I wouldn't exchange roles for anything. In fact, our traditional roles and Christian values have led to a great sex life.
So what does this have to do with sex?
Let me clarify that when I say “submission” in regards to sexual intimacy, I am not talking about a wife automatically doing whatever her husband wants sexually, especially if what he wants flies in the face of what the Bible commands. For example, if your husband wants to have a threesome or wants you to view pornography, this would be adulterous, which certainly is outside the bounds of God's design for sex.
If, on the other hand, your husband simply wants to try a new position or add some variety, I urge you to not instantly say “no” without some legitimate discussion and prayer.
The Christian model for a marriage encourages women to be modest, but that doesn't inhibit us from sexual expression with our husbands. In fact, in 1 Corinthians 7:3-5, God says that husbands and wives should not withhold their bodies from each other. Sexual intimacy is a mutually-shared endeavor, where both the husband and wife bear responsibility. And let's not forget, orgasms were designed by God. And orgasms feel really, really good.
Odds are that because the clitoris is a bit less predictable than the penis, your husband is going to need your help in understanding what it is going to take to make you climax. This is where sexual confidence can strengthen your marriage. You both need to learn with each other and from each other what arousal looks like for each of you.
Because I submit to my husband, I feel confident in his care and love and this gives me sexual confidence as well. We have a mutual sense of safety and trust that can't help but lead to great sex. I believe God gives good gifts to married couples to be savored and enjoyed, not ignored and treated carelessly. My husband and I do enjoy a tremendously satisfying sex life, because we have grown in our sexual confidence and because we are secure in our roles for our marriage.
Another way that submissiveness outside of bed lends itself well in bed is that my husband and I have grown in our vulnerability. Without a doubt, because I am a submissive wife and my husband “loves me as Christ loved the church,” we have really learned to listen to each other with respect. This equips us to be able to say what we like sexually and to really listen to one another.
Look at these headlines, all from Hotair.com, a site that has proven itself to be little more than a Millennial bitch fest which enjoys posting left wing nonsense in a fetishist fashion.
If there was no collusion, it wasn't for lack of trying Is God boosting Stephen Colbert's ratings? Will Congress hold Russia accountable for the behavior Trump excuses? Linda Sarsour's call for “jihad” against Trump is a call for treason How close are we to a theory of everything? Trump gave Putin exactly what he wanted Attack, attack, attack: Steve Bannon is back in his boss's good graces Trump aides: Russia flap proves Don Jr. is the “Fredo” of the first family
Look at all the stupid. We cannot even determine if The Great and Horrible Orange One colluded with Russia but we may or may not be, alledgedly, on the edge of a theory of everything. I'm unable to even comment coherently on how buffoonish such a headline truly is. Is God boosting Colbert's ratings? If so, it's because He has a much better sense of humor than humanity these days. As Proverbs notes about this vicious sense of humor:
26 I also will laugh at your calamity; I will mock when your fear cometh; 27 When your fear cometh as desolation, and your destruction cometh as a whirlwind; when distress and anguish cometh upon you. 28 Then shall they call upon me, but I will not answer; they shall seek me early, but they shall not find me:
Only a damned fool would take a single word that Sarsour speaks seriously. Only the kind of damned fool that is addicted to self-loathing and suicide. I find it to be one of the most hilarious bits of a lack of self awareness that so many feminists support this hijab wearing, taquiya-spouting woman.
Trump, Jr. is Fredo? Interesting. More interesting that our culture can do little more but connect its supposed brilliance to pop culture. There's little more that can be done for a society that cannot think for itself, cannot do for itself, and thus worships this pop culture like some kind of mythical heritage. Is there an original thought left? Seems unlikely. Everything is some kind of ‘-gate' or a pop culture reference.
This ‘take down' culture is positively hilarious. Every day one can check the headlines and see how someone had a magnificent ‘take down' of someone else. Or someone ‘ripped' someone else. Perhaps it's an ‘epic' type take down. But the hilarity is that these supposedly impressive ‘take downs' and ‘rips' do absolutely nothing. They make for click-bait headlines and nothing else. Our culture has forgotten its own cliches, a grave mistake. Sticks and stones, breaking our bones, but words? Not even the silly ‘take downs' do anything more than create headlines.
Truly, it is all comedic. In our Modernity, this ‘hit-back' culture, people have not the whit about them to understand the concept of subtlety; so few seem to grasp the tactical advantage of keeping their fucking mouth shut. Instead, we've got a culture of people who cannot but run their fat mouths, complaining, ‘hitting back,' so on and so on, declaring all of their small thoughts to the world, so that, by God, they get the last word.
Is not Hubris hilarious? It turns humans into barking dogs. But after a while, nobody listens to a barking dog.
In our ‘social justice warrior' culture, the ‘heroic' warrior has no understanding of when they've made a complete ass of themselves. In fact, in this Modernity, it seems that the silly, arrogant ‘SJW' sees being seen as an idiot, asshole, or otherwise insufferable twit, as a badge of honor.
Eventually, it seems a ‘democracy,' whether touted as a supposed ‘Republic' or whatever, results in the complete insanity of the culture. People become monsters. They become slaves to their own worst vices, these vices encouraged by this ‘democracy,' to the point that the people of the democracy resort to the sort of madness that you see in the picture above. How do the sane look at such a photo and see such monsters as anything but monsters?
This Modernity is a culture that believes itself to be enlightened.
Such an idea could only be believed by the insane.
Advertisements
To help explain her reasoning, at an appearance at Rice University's Baker Institute, she held up a package of Splenda, which weighs approximately one gram. She and her predecessors had been prosecuting people for less than 1/100th of that amount. “Sometimes they had a little flake extruding from their nose, a little flake [on a shirt collar]or on a crack pipe. We had thousands of cases clogging up our dockets, and that meant thousands of people overcrowding the jail.”
Beyond that, she argued that the policy helped police make better use of their time “When someone is arrested for a trace case, that officer is out of service for two to three hours,” she said. “That neighborhood is unprotected for two to three hours. Officers are getting time-and-a-half to fight the drug war, and this is their drug-war arrest, time-and-a-half to go to court. So the union bosses are not happy with me.”
It's official.
Both chambers of Congress have now passed the Republican tax overhaul bill on strictly party-line votes. It's the first such overhaul in more than 30 years.
President Trump signed it into law on Friday.
The tax overhaul -- which will affect all corners of the U.S. economy and everyone in it -- will have crossed the finish line in just 7 weeks since first being introduced.
The final bill still leans heavily toward tax cuts for corporations and business owners. But it also expands or restores some tax benefits for individuals relative to the earlier bills passed by the House and Senate.
The individual provisions would expire by the end of 2025, but most of the corporate provisions would be permanent.
All told, the final bill includes trillions in tax cuts, most of which but not all are offset by revenue-raising measures. The bill on net would increase deficits by an estimated $1.46 trillion over a decade, according to the nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation. That number would be much higher if, as Republicans assume, a future Congress does not allow the individual tax cuts to expire after 2025.
One important note: The bill would not affect 2017 taxes, for which Americans will start filing their returns in a month or so.
With that, here's a quick rundown of 16 key provisions in the final bill.
FOR INDIVIDUAL FILERS
1. Lowers (many) individual rates: The bill preserves seven tax brackets, but changes the rates that apply to: 10%, 12%, 22%, 24%, 32%, 35% and 37%.
Today's rates are 10%, 15%, 25%, 28%, 33%, 35% and 39.6%.
Here's how much income would apply to the new rates:
-- 10% (income up to $9,525 for individuals; up to $19,050 for married couples filing jointly)
-- 12% (over $9,525 to $38,700; over $19,050 to $77,400 for couples)
-- 22% (over $38,700 to $82,500; over $77,400 to $165,000 for couples)
-- 24% (over $82,500 to $157,500; over $165,000 to $315,000 for couples)
-- 32% (over $157,500 to $200,000; over $315,000 to $400,000 for couples)
-- 35% (over $200,000 to $500,000; over $400,000 to $600,000 for couples)
-- 37% (over $500,000; over $600,000 for couples)
2. Nearly doubles the standard deduction: For single filers, the bill increases it to $12,000 from $6,350 currently; for married couples filing jointly it increases to $24,000 from $12,700.
The net effect: The percentage of filers who choose to itemize would drop sharply, since the only reason to do so is if your deductions exceed your standard deduction.
3. Eliminates personal exemptions: Today you're allowed to claim a $4,050 personal exemption for yourself, your spouse and each of your dependents. Doing so lowers your taxable income and thus your tax burden. The GOP tax plan eliminates that option.
For families with three or more kids, that could mute if not negate any tax relief they might get as a result of other provisions in the bill.
Related: Read the Republican tax plan
4. Caps state and local tax deduction: The final bill will preserve the state and local tax deduction for anyone who itemizes, but it will cap the amount that may be deducted at $10,000. Today the deduction is unlimited for your state and local property taxes plus income or sales taxes.
The SALT break has been on the book for more than a century. The original House and Senate GOP bills sought to repeal it entirely to help pay for the tax cuts, but that met with stiff resistance from lawmakers in high-tax states.
Residents in the vast majority of counties across the country claim an average SALT deduction below $10,000, according to the Tax Foundation. So for low- and middle-income families who currently itemize because of their SALT deduction, they're likely to take the much higher standard deduction under the bill if it becomes law, unless their total itemized deductions, including SALT, top $12,000 if single or $24,000 if married filing jointly.
Preserving the break -- albeit with a cap -- is likely to provide more help to higher income households in high-tax states.
5. Expands child tax credit: The credit would be doubled to $2,000 for children under 17. It also would be made available to high earners because the bill would raise the income threshold under which filers may claim the full credit to $200,000 for single parents, up from $75,000 today; and to $400,000 for married couples, up from $110,000 today.
Related: House passes GOP tax bill, goes to vote in Senate later Tuesday
Like the first $1,000 of the child tax credit, $400 of the additional $1,000 also will be refundable, meaning a low- or middle-income family will be able to get the money refunded to them if their federal income tax liability nets out at zero.
Even with the additional $400 in refundability, however, 10 million children from working low-income families would receive only an additional $75 in benefit under the bill, according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities estimates.
6. Creates temporary credit for non-child dependents: The bill would allow parents to take a $500 credit for each non-child dependent whom they're supporting, such as a child 17 or older, an ailing elderly parent or an adult child with a disability.
7. Lowers cap on mortgage interest deduction: If you take out a new mortgage on a first or second home you would only be allowed to deduct the interest on debt up to $750,000, down from $1 million today. Homeowners who already have a mortgage would be unaffected by the change.
The bill would no longer allow a deduction for the interest on home equity loans. Currently that's allowed on loans up to $100,000.
8. Curbs whoare hit by AMT: Earlier bills called for the elimination of the Alternative Minimum Tax. The final version keeps it, but reduces the number of filers who would be hit by it by raising the income exemption levels to $70,300 for singles, up from $54,300 today; and to $109,400, up from $84,500, for married couples.
9. Preserves smaller but popular tax breaks: Earlier versions of the bill had proposed repealing the deductions for medical expenses, student loan interest and classroom supplies bought with a teacher's own money. They also would have repealed the tax-free status of tuition waivers for graduate students.
The final bill, however, preserves all of these as they are under the current code. And it actually expands the medical expense deduction for 2018 and 2019.
10. Exempts almost everybody from the estate tax: Unlike the House GOP bill, the final bill does not call for a repeal of the estate tax.
But it essentially eliminates it for all but the smallest number of people by doubling the amount of money exempt from the estate tax -- currently set at $5.49 million for individuals, and $10.98 million for married couples. Even at today's levels, only 0.2% of all estates ever end up being subject to the estate tax.
11. Slows inflation adjustments in tax code: The bill would use "chained CPI" to measure inflation, which is a slower measure than is used today. The net effect is your deductions, credits and exemptions will be worth less -- since the inflation adjusted dollars defining eligibility and maximum value would grow more slowly. It also would subject more of your income to higher rates in future years than would be the case under the current code.
12. Eliminates mandate to buy health insurance: There would no longer be a penalty for not buying insurance. While long a goal of Republicans to get rid of it, the measure also would help offset the cost of the tax bill. It is estimated to save money because it would reduce how much the federal government spends on insurance subsidies and Medicaid.
The Congressional Budget Office expects fewer consumers who qualify for subsidies will enroll on the Obamacare exchanges, and fewer people who are eligible for Medicaid will seek coverage and learn they can sign up for the program.
But policy experts also note that the mandate repeal could raise premiums because more healthy people might decide to skip buying insurance.
FOR BUSINESSES AND CORPORATIONS
13. Lowers tax burden on pass-through businesses: The tax burden on owners, partners and shareholders of S-corporations, LLCs and partnerships -- who pay their share of the business' taxes through their individual tax returns -- would be lowered by a 20% deduction, somewhat less than the 23% called for in the Senate-passed bill.
The 20% deduction would be prohibited for anyone in a service business -- unless their taxable income is less than $315,000 if married ($157,500 if single).
14. Includes rule to prevent abuse of pass-through tax break: If the owner or partner in a pass-through also draws a salary from the business, that money would be subject to ordinary income tax rates.
But to prevent people from recharacterizing their wage income as business profits to get the benefit of the pass-through deduction, the bill would place limits on how much income would qualify for the deduction.
Tax experts nevertheless have warned that this kind of anti-abuse measure still presents taxpayers with a lot of opportunities to game the system, and favors passive owners of a business over active owners who actually run things.
15. Slashes corporate rate: The bill cuts the corporate rate to 21% from 35%, starting next year. That's somewhat higher than the 20% called for earlier. The increase was made to free up some revenue to accommodate lawmaker demands on other provisions. The bill would also repeal the alternative minimum tax on corporations.
16. Change how U.S. multinationals are taxed: Today U.S. companies owe Uncle Sam tax on all their profits, regardless of where the income is earned. They're allowed to defer paying U.S. tax on their foreign profits until they bring the money home.
Many argue that this "worldwide" tax system puts American businesses at a disadvantage. That's because most foreign competitors come from countries with territorial tax systems, meaning they don't owe tax to their own governments on income they make offshore.
The final GOP bill proposes switching the U.S. to a territorial system. It also includes a number of anti-abuse provisions to prevent corporations with foreign profits from gaming the system.
In the meantime it would require companies to pay a one-time, low tax rate on their existing overseas profits -- 15.5% on cash assets and 8% on non-cash assets (e.g., equipment abroad in which profits were invested), slightly higher than the rates in the Senate- and House-passed bills.
-- CNN's Phil Mattingly contributed to this report.
Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that personal exemptions lower adjustable gross income. In fact, they lower taxable income. Item No. 3 has been corrected.
Razorback Stadium To Go Green For Veterans
FAYETTEVILLE, Ark. – For the second consecutive year, Razorback Athletics will trade cardinal for green on Thursday in celebration of Veteran's Day and to support the Greenlight A Vet program. On Thursday evening, Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium, traditionally highlighted with cardinal lights before home games, will be illuminated in green as a tribute to all those who have served in the U.S. Armed Forces.
“We are pleased to once again join with Walmart and other veterans organizations to recognize the extraordinary service of our veterans,” Vice Chancellor and Director of Athletics Jeff Long said. “We encourage all Razorbacks to participate in the Greenlight A Vet program to show our support for those who have served our country both at home and abroad. Without the commitment and sacrifice of those men and women who have protected our nation, we would not have the freedoms we enjoy today. We are grateful for their service and are deeply indebted for their contributions to our great nation.”
The Razorbacks are partnering in the program in association with Walmart and empowering organizations for veterans including the Institute for Veterans and Military Families, Team Red, White and Blue, Team Rubicon, Hire Heroes USA and Blue Star Families.
America's veterans are some of the nation's bravest, hardest-working men and women. However, it's hard to show them the appreciation they deserve when, back home and out of uniform, they're more camouflaged than ever. Greenlight a Vet is a campaign to establish visible national support for our veterans by changing one light to green.
Green is the color of hope, renewal and well-being. “Greenlight” is also a term commonly used to activate forward movement. The simple action of changing one light to green is intended to spark a national conversation regarding the recognition of veterans, and “greenlight” them forward as valued members of our communities.
Razorback fans are encouraged to stop by Lot 44 on the north end of Donald W. Reynolds Razorback Stadium to snap a photo of the “Greenlight” salute and then distribute via social media with #GreenLightAVet to thank our veterans.
Razorback fans are also encouraged to participate in a visible location-on your porch, in your home, or at your office-and keep it glowing through November 11 as a symbol of appreciation and support for our veterans.
More information about the Greenlight a Vet program may be found at the website here.
For more information regarding Razorback Athletics, please visit ArkansasRazorbacks.com.
UPDATE: Confusion, disbelief amid Evan Murray's death
The quarterback at Warren Hills Regional High School died Friday night after being injured in a varsity football game.
The entire school community was mourning the death of Evan Murray, a senior, said interim schools Superintendent Gary Bowen.
Bowen said grief counselors would be available for students at the Warren County high school at 9 a.m. Saturday.
Murray was a three-sport athlete at Warren Hills and starting quarterback for three years. He also played baseball and basketball.
RELATED: Evan Murray takes leadership role at Warren Hills
The circumstances of his injury at Warren Hills' home stadium weren't immediately clear.
"We're all very deeply saddened by the passing of Evan Murray," Bowen said.
"Warren Hills Regional High School is making available grief and crisis counselors who will be available to speak with the students this weekend so that moving forward they can access the services."
Warren Hills played Summit and completed the game, which Summit won 14-12.
Warren Hills coach Larry Dubiel after midnight said officials were still trying to process and determine what happened.
"We lost a fine kid," he said.
Jim Deegan may be reached at jdeegan@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @jim_deegan. Find lehighvalleylive on Facebook.
Both accounts — Deadspin's main account, at @Deadspin, and @SBNationGIF, under which SBNation often publishes short GIF clips from sports events — suddenly disappeared Monday afternoon, replaced with a notice that they'd been suspended. @Deadspin had been restored by late Monday night, but @SBNationGIF remained unavailable early Tuesday.
A Twitter representative said the company doesn't comment on individual accounts.
But the company provided CNBC and NBC News almost two dozen "takedown notices" that representatives of the NFL, the Big 12, the SEC and UFC had filed with it, which accuse Twitter of violating the Digital Millennium Copyright Act by hosting specific tweets by the two accounts.
"As you may be aware, the NFL owns and/or controls the worldwide rights to license intellectual property of the NFL and its Member Clubs, including, but not limited to, moving images and other audio/video content featuring NFL game action and/or other NFL programming (collectively, 'NFL Content'), and the copyrights in and to the NFL Content," according to takedown notices filed by the NFL.
The NFL said it "did not request that any Twitter account be suspended," only that it had sent Twitter "routine notices as part of its copyright enforcement program requesting that Twitter disable links to more than a dozen pirated NFL game videos and highlights that violate the NFL's copyrights." The NFL's takedown notices bear that out.
Image caption It is an unusual move for police to take over criminal machines
US crime-fighters are closing in on a gang behind a huge botnet after taking control of the criminals' servers.
It is the first time FBI investigators have used such a method.
The US Justice Department had to seek court permission from a judge to carry out the sting.
It enabled the authorities to issue its own commands, effectively ordering the malware to shut down. It also logged the IP addresses of compromised machines.
It means the authorities will be able to notify ISPs about which machines have been infected and ISPs in turn can let victims know that their machines had been taken over.
A similar approach was used last year by Dutch police as part of its shutdown of the Bredolab botnet.
At the time, privacy experts questioned the legality of such a move.
Millions recruited
A botnet is a network of infected computers, also known as zombie PCs.
Coreflood, the malware program prompting the FBI investigation, has been around for at least a decade and can record key strokes, allowing criminals to take over unsuspecting computers and steal passwords, banking and credit card information.
It is believed to have recruited around 2.3 million machines and raked in millions for those behind it.
Officials have not said where the attacks came although it appears consistent with cybercrime activity in Eastern Europe.
Investigators seized five of the botnet's servers that were controlling hundreds of thousands of infected machines.
They also seized 29 domain names used by the botnet.
"As a result the zombie machines in the Coreflood network are being re-routed to communicate with the server controlled by law enforcement agencies," explained Noa Bar Yosef, a senior strategist at security firm Imperva.
"The 'good' server can then issue commands to stop the malware execution on the compromised machines."
Advertisement
So, in addition to scales that can weigh single protein molecules to an accuracy of a few hundred times the mass of a proton, we now have a position sensor that can detect changes in displacement as small as 1/30,000th of the diameter of a single carbon atom, or about the diameter of a single carbon nucleus.
Houxun Miao, Kartik Srinivasan, and Vladimir Aksyuk (researchers at the National Institute of Standards and Technology's Center for Nanoscale Science and Technology) have built a microelectromechanical system (MEMS) that pushes the lower limits of distance and force measurement down to within a short hail of the theoretical limits—to 2.3 times the standard quantum limit.
The device is a silicon-on-oxide chip fabricated via electron-beam lithography and reactive ion etching to leave a 15-micrometer-diameter silicon disk, a waveguide and actuators standing in relief from the chip surface (see scanning electron micrograph). Atop this structure, the researchers vapor-deposited a layer of silicon nitride that is patterned and etched to produce a 19-micrometer-diameter SiN x ring suspended at the end of the actuator arm above the silicon disk. The actuator arm is a springy cantilever beam; force on the nitride ring pushes it down towards the disk. Researchers can adjust its vertical position by changing the potential between the beam and the chip base. This lets them both calibrate the beam's spring constant and fine-tune the distance between the nitride ring and the disk. With this information, they can detect displacement with a precision of 4.6 femtometers—4.6 x 10-15 meters—and a force to within 100 attonewtons (about 10-16 Newtons).
Both silicon and silicon nitride are transparent to infrared light. This means that the Si disk can act as an optical cavity—a photonic hall of mirrors that reflects light almost endlessly around its perimeter. “The light can be trapped inside the disk, close to its outer edge, and travel around in circles inside,” Aksyuk says. “It is trapped the same way at the light is trapped inside optical fibers used for transmitting light over long distances, but here it just goes in circles.” It is, he says, similar to an acoustic whispering gallery, which traps sound along a concave wall.
The key is the “evanescent tail.” Even when light is fully trapped in a channel—a fiber optic cable, a waveguide, or a silicon disk--its wave function extends outside beyond the channel's borders. That's the evanescent tail. The NIST device positions three components—the waveguide, the silicon ring, and the silicon nitride disk—close enough together so that their evanescent tails can interact.
The researchers tune light so that its wavelength is an integral fraction of the disk's circumference. When they pump it from the waveguide (the pipe running from lower left to upper right of the SEM) into the disk, it will resonate in the optical cavity. “Under this condition the optical power inside the disk is increased dramatically—by up to 370,000 times in our case,” Aksyuk says.
Any displacement of the nitride ring changes its interaction with the disk's evanescent tail (the blue dots at the rim of the disk in the schematic), diverting some of its energy into the ring and reducing the resonance frequency. The researchers read the new resonant mode, and the frequency change indicates the change in displacement.
It's important to note that, though future versions will likely be cryogenically cooled, the test device operated at room temperature, where thermal noise is a major problem. The NIST group coupled a “cold-damping” loop into the actuator controls, feeding the ring's noise oscillations back with a phase delay to counteract the jitters. Think of it as the world's smallest noise-cancelling headphone.
Images: V. Aksyuk, NIST
It's a new era at FC Dallas with club legend Oscar Pareja taking over as manager in 2014. And his return coincides with a brand-new look for the club's primary home jersey.
Gone are the red-and-white hoops that characterized the home kit in recent years. It's all red now. Specifically, red on red.
The former hoops across the chest are now replaced by dark red horizontal stripes of varying widths. Eleven of the stripes are meant to represent the starting XI on the field.
The other features of the jersey include the "Dallas 'Til I Die" motto adopted by the club and its fans which is printed on the inside of the neck tape. The initials "LH" on the back neck honor former owner, the late Lamar Hunt.
JERSEY WEEK 2014: CHI | CHV | COL | CLB | DC | DAL | HOU | LA | MTL | NE | NY | PHI | POR | RSL | SJ | SEA | SKC | TOR | VAN
Every MLS team is unveiling new jerseys as part of 2014 Jersey Week, which runs through March 7 in the lead-up to the start of the new season on Saturday, March 8.
Check out the two FC Dallas 2014 kits below (left to right for primary and secondary jerseys):
Non-fragile ABI in D?
One shortcoming of the D programming language comes from its C++ roots. In C++, whenever you add, change or remove a virtual method or a variable as a member of a class or struct, you're probably breaking binary compatibility and must recompile everything depending on that. That makes C++ a bad choice for publishing public APIs when you expect binary compatibility.
The fragile binary interface problem (as Wikipedia calls it) is not new. As a OS written entirely in C++, BeOS has been “bitten” by it in the last decade and suggests some guidelines to alleviate that problem. But following those guidelines adds clutter in the code, forces you to be extra careful when changing a class, and some suggestions are downright impossible in D: for instance, you can't have private virtual functions in D (something I disagree with, but that's another subject).
As the Wikipedia entry suggests, a better approach is to use a language that does not have the problem. Or, I should say, change an existing language so it does no longer have that problem.
I'd certainly like to see D gain a non-fragile ABI for classes. I'll explore this and other subjects in a couple of posts about the D language I'm preparing.
In an effort to boost slumping summer blood donations, BloodCenter of Wisconsin is offering Wisconsin State Fair tickets to blood donors through August 11. Donors will receive a free state fair ticket by giving blood at one of BloodCenter's local donor centers:
Brown Deer , 5960 W. Brown Deer Rd.
, 5960 W. Brown Deer Rd. Greenfield , 7210 W. Edgerton Ave.
, 7210 W. Edgerton Ave. Kenosha , 8064 39th Ave.
, 8064 39th Ave. Milwaukee , 638 N 18th St.
, 638 N 18th St. Racine , 1120 S. Sunnyslope Rd.
, 1120 S. Sunnyslope Rd. Sheboygan , 1018 S. Taylor Dr.
, 1018 S. Taylor Dr. Waukesha , 2111 Springdale Rd.
, 2111 Springdale Rd. Wauwatosa , 8733 Watertown Plank Rd.
, 8733 Watertown Plank Rd. West Bend, 130 Valley Ave.
Donors are asked to mention "summer" when making their appointment by calling 1-877-BE-A-HERO or (414) 937-6199, or by entering "summer" into the comment box on the confirmation page during online registration.
BloodCenter's "Give Blood, Go Free" promotion is an effort to increase blood donations during busy summer months when donations dip because of summer travel and fewer school and community drives. BloodCenter must see at least 800 donors each day in order to meet the needs of the hospitals it serves.
Anyone 17 or older who is in general good health and meets eligibility requirements is encouraged to donate blood. Parental consent is required for 16-year-olds to donate. The entire process takes about an hour. Donors should bring a photo ID that includes birth date. For more information, call 1-877-BE-A-HERO or visit the center's website.
Editor's Note: This information was provided via the BloodCenter of Wisconsin.
Rather Than Joking About Justin Bieber, Watch This Video
YouTube
We are well aware that news outlets, websites and social media seem to be obsessed with the news that pop star Justin Bieber was arrested in Miami Beach early Thursday morning.
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
According to the Miami Herald, he's been charged with "DUI, resisting arrest and drag-racing." The Herald adds that:
"When stopped by police in his yellow Lamborghini, Bieber barraged officers with a string of F-bombs, babbled incoherently, refused to get out of his car and, when he finally stepped out, declined to take his hands out of his pockets, according to the police report."
We're not going to join in the piling on or joking about the 19-year-old Bieber's increasingly notorious behavior.
Instead, we suggest you watch this video from 2007 when The Late Late Show host Craig Ferguson talked about why he was not going to joke about another young pop star's much-publicized problems. Ferguson, an alcoholic, spoke from the heart about how he was feeling "uncomfortable about making fun of these people" — troubled stars such as Britney Spears.
"We shouldn't be attacking the vulnerable people," Ferguson said. As he pointed out, celebrity Anna Nicole Smith died of a drug overdose. So did pop superstar Michael Jackson. Both had been the objects of endless fascination and jokes.
They need help, not ridicule, said Ferguson.
He later talked more about his feelings in this interview with CBS News. "I did this for me," Ferguson said of declining to joke about Spears. "I did it because it was an act of conscience."
Posted by Destian Posted by Shiyo ...
So why is it a problem if a hero isn't "good in every situation" and instead a team based pick for pulling targets to your team to kill them with someone?
Especially since you can swap heroes at any time in this game, so there's literally no reason for heroes to be good at everything?
Because pulling people in and killing them is the ONLY situation he's good in.
There was a point in an interview with a top Winston player where he said that RH wasn't a big deal for Winston because you just had to wait until the hook was on CD and then "That hero is literally worthless without his hook".
Roadhog is a "threat tank": he disrupts the enemy team by making people fear being dragged in and one-shot.
If he doesn't one-shot, there's no fear.
If there's no fear, there's no disruption.
If there's no disruption, Roadhog would basically be a fat Sombra (ie safe to ignore most of the time) with no translocator.
And once that happens, everyone will start !@#$%ing about how OP Zarya is and to that I say STAY THE ^-*! AWAY FROM MY MAIN, SCRUBBY MCSCRUBBINGTON!
*ahem*
Have you played any MOBA, ever?Ever been on a team with a competent hook character, or had to fight a competent hook character on the enemy team?They are a living, breathing nightmare who are always, in all cases, immensely powerful and useful. It used to be a joke on the League forums that Thresh hook could heal whomever he hit with it to full health and it would still be incredibly powerful.Overwatch may be a shooter on the outside, but anyone with half a brain can see that it's DNA is at least half, if not mostly MOBA just from the design of the characters and how the game plays - in fact it bears more than a passing resemblance to Paragon or SMITE.Roadhog, even with no abilities besides his hook, would be immensely powerful because his hook guarantees, on a halfway competent team, one of two things;1: The enemy MUST use important CDs to save the person who got hooked, meaning they'll be on CD for the upcoming fight (that you likely just started with the hook).2: The hook enemy dies almost instantly (winding up in the middle of the enemy team tends to have that effect) and now it's a 6v5 in the RH's favor.Many of us have been at this competitive gaming thing for several decades now; there is nothing new under the sun and we can quite clearly see the effects of and relations to past examples in things like this.
Ever wished you could pack up your PlayStation 4 and make it a little more portable? The new $1395 (£880) PlayBook 4 may be the perfect solution.
Nothing to do with How I Met Your Mother.
The laptop-sized creation has been designed by Ed Zarick, a self-taught engineer who previously created a portable Xbox 360 - the Xbook.
Last month, Zarick began selling the new Xbook One (priced $1500).
As with his previous products, the PlayBook 4 houses the console's hardware in the base of a 3D-printed and laser-cut plastic case. A 22" Vizio 1080p LED LCD display is housed within the device's lid.
The end result looks remarkably professional. You can even choose to have the console created in white, to match the PS4's current Destiny bundle.
Here's how the costs break down:
PlayBook 4 - $1,395.00
PlayBook 4 (you provide your PS4) - $1,095.00
W/ HDMI OUT - Add $50.00
US Shipping - $75.00 (international extra)
Demand is high enough that Zarick now requires you pay a $750.00 upfront nonrefundable deposit to get your name on the waiting list. Tempted?
WATCH LIVE: CBC News will provide live coverage of Scotland referendum results online and on CBC News Network, starting at 5 p.m. ET on Thursday.
He's hardly Hollywood's vision of charismatic, but then, neither was RenéLévesque.
Yet Scotland's separatist leader Alex Salmond, like Quebec's Lévesque before him, marries political charm and relentlessness in pursuit of a goal that, at the beginning of his quest, seemed not only unreachable but almost unthinkable.
I met Salmond at the time of Quebec's second referendum in 1995. I had been posted to the CBC's London bureau just months before the Quebec vote, and during the final campaign went to see how Scotland and the Scottish National Party were reacting.
The answer, in the first case, was tepidly, and in the second, cautiously. With one exception: Alex Salmond.
Then, as now, Salmond was the leader and driving force in the SNP. The Quebec quest for independence fitted nicely into his thesis that small countries can thrive on their own in the big world. His favourite examples were closer to him: Norway, Finland and the ‘Celtic tiger' Ireland. (Ireland no longer gets star billing in his speeches after it imploded in the 2008 economic meltdown.)
Alex Salmond (centre) poses with supporters of the 'Yes Campaign', in Edinburgh, Scotland. The pitch of the debate has grown increasingly urgent as anti-independence campaigners argue that separation could send the economy into a tailspin, while the Yes side accuses its foes of scaremongering. (Russell Cheyne/Reuters)
In 1995 Salmond was one of four SNP MPs in the British House of Commons – a tiny handful in a chamber of more than 650 members. There was no Scottish Assembly, and without one, no visible road to independence.
No matter. A few days after the earthshaking result in Quebec, when the Yes side fell just short of winning, I met Salmond after a post-referendum briefing at the Quebec Delegation in London.
What followed was nothing short of a forensic interrogation.
I had told him I had covered the first Quebec referendum and had followed the second quite closely from afar. He hammered me with questions about tactics, about the choice of questions, about ‘sovereignty-association,' ‘profitable federalism,' and the role of language.
Salmond wanted all the details I could offer about Quebec premier Jacques Parizeau's referendum-night speech attributing his side's narrow loss to ‘money and ethnic votes.'
Parizeau resigned as premier the next day, unlike his predecessor René Lévesque who stayed on after the first referendum and won a second majority in the Quebec National Assembly. Salmond wanted to know all about that as well.
Luck and perseverance
It seemed to me that the interest shown by this minority Scottish politician was esoteric verging on obsessive. But Salmond has what Napoleon always looked for in his generals: luck.
The next year a Labour government under Tony Blair came to power in Britain and offered, almost in passing, limited devolution or federalism, and an Assembly to Scotland. The Scottish National Party was transformed.
Previous Next
At the first Scottish elections in 1999 it became the official opposition. Eight years later it formed a minority government under Alex Salmond. And four years after that, with Salmond as First Minister and promising a vote on independence, it won an outright majority.
And now the referendum.
It is, in all essentials, the work of the driven, solitary, charismatic Scottish leader. And what lessons did he take away from what he had learned about Quebec referendums?
Above all, it would seem, don't do it their way.
First, there's the question. Unlike the Quebec referendum, it is short and straightforward: Should Scotland be an independent country? There's no hypothetical sovereignty-association or offer of a new political and economic partnership on the ballot. No confusion and no hostages to fortune that opponents of independence could use to attack the question and the project.
When Quebec premier Pauline Marois travelled to Scotland in 2013, Alex Salmond held a low-profile meeting with her and there was no joint press conference. (Chris Watt/Reuters)
Instead, Salmond has spent his campaign offering his own unofficial sovereignty-association scenario, saying Scotland can still have the Queen, the pound and a currency union with the rest of Britain. No problem, he says with a smile; the politicians in London may reject that now but they'll soon have to agree.
He gets away with this because, in Canadian terms, he's a combination of René Lévesque – the charming orator and prophet – and Jacques Parizeau – the economics expert. Salmond studied economics and, before entering politics, worked as an economist at a major bank. Invoking his expertise, he dismisses criticism of his vision as uninformed or cheaply political.
Next, the big tent approach. In 1995 Salmond was particularly struck by Parizeau's bitter comment about money and ethnic votes, and the Parti Québécois' appeal to French Canadian nationalism. The SNP has opted for the opposite approach, reaching out to all minorities. I remember an SNP conference a few years ago where ‘Scottish Asians for SNP' were much in evidence.
Polls suggest the outcome of the independence vote will be close, and several hundred thousand voters who have yet to make up their minds could determine whether Scotland leaves its 307-year-old union with England. (Lesley Martin/Associated Press)
And Salmond has gone out of his way not to be associated with the Parti Québécois. When PQ premier Pauline Marois showed up in Scotland in 2013, he made sure their meeting was a hole-in-the-corner affair with no joint press conference. Salmond actually refused an offer from the PQ to share the results of its referendum experiences.
Like many lucky generals, Salmond also profited enormously from the complacency of his adversaries. While he barnstormed around his political backyard with his vision of Scotland as a Gaelic Norway sitting on a vast and profitable lake of oil, the British leadership in London slept, much like the federalist camp in 1995. They were convinced that independence was a balloon that would be punctured on voting day.
And like Jean Chrétien and the federalists 19 years ago, London's leaders have spent the last days of the campaign in a panic. They raced up to Scotland, promising much more power to the restive nation, as the polls suddenly revealed the race was neck-and-neck.
The fact there's a race at all is due to Salmond's vision and drive. In Scotland 19 years ago I thought the charismatic British MP quizzing me forensically about Quebec was utterly obsessed with a pipedream.
The power of Evernote is that there is no right or wrong way to use it.
From audio notes to websites, it's the perfect place to capture and store the content you need to be productive.
The question we get from many users is how to organize the material they bring into Evernote. From notebooks to tags, you have the option to decide your own personal classification system. That taxonomy can be as simple or complex as you need, but it's remarkable how powerful Evernote becomes when you find the right system that works.
Yesterday, we discovered a post on Medium that provides a clear example of how one user has successfully structured his Evernote account to help make the most impact in his work with an emphasis on tags.
Thomas Honeyman is a student at the University of Southern California and co-founder of a music collaboration platform. Recently, he found that focusing on tags gave him the most flexibility by associating the notes he creates to his tags.
Much like author Michael Hyatt, tags have become the engine that helps power the organizational success with how Thomas manages content in Evernote.
Let's take a look at the ways Thomas has used tags.
Simplified notebook structure
By having fewer than five notebooks, Thomas is able to manage the flow of notes much like you would in an email inbox. Content is initially processed in an Inbox Notebook and then moved into a Cabinet Notebook.
Tag hierarchy
With notebooks, you can have stacks. With tags, you can have hierarchies. Thomas organizes his notes within three major tag categories:
.Descriptors – the source of notes, media types, and conversations.
.Knowledge – what kind of information is contained within a note.
.Projects – notes that are associated to the type of work he is actively completing.
Power tip: Tags appear alphabetically. Use symbols such as hashtags, periods, and numbers to force them into an order that works for you.
Adding Tags in Evernote
All Evernote users can have up to 100,000 tags per account. Your notes can be associated with multiple tags.
Here is how you can quickly add a tag to notes in Evernote:
1. Open the note you wish to tag
2. Open the tags editor
3. Type to add your tags. Tag suggestions based on previous tags in Evernote will appear as you type.
4. Press Return to add a tag
5. To delete a tag, backspace over the tag text
Adding tags by platform:
Mac or Windows Desktop: On the top of the note, to the right of the Evernote notebook name, click to add tags
iPad, iPhone, and iPod Touch: Under the note title, select the (‘i') icon, and then tap Add Tag.
Android: On the top bar of the note, select ‘…' and then Tags
Web browser: On the top right of the note, select Info and then click ‘+' Tags
How are you using tags to organize content in Evernote? Share your tips in the comments.
For Michael Collens, getting to class at York University isn't the reason he wakes up early in the morning — it's walking his young son to daycare.
“[It's] a short walk from home, at least a short walk for me,” the 40-year-old mature student said.”For a toddler it's a different matter.”
But for Collens that short walk can come with a cost. If he is delayed, even for a few minutes, a normal day can go from bad to worse. On a good day, a one-way trip to York takes him nearly 45 minutes.
“With things like bad weather or malfunctions on the subway or bad connection for the subway or construction, it is not unusual for a one-way trip to double [to an hour and a half]” he said.
According to
StudentMoveTO , a new study jointly produced by the University of Toronto, OCAD, Ryerson and York University that attempted to find the travel habits of Toronto's university students, a 45 minute one way trip to school is on the high end of the scale.
But it's not the worst.
The study found that 33 per-cent of the 15,226 students who responded to the survey said they spent two hours or more travelling to and from campus a day.
“That, for us, is a key finding,” said Matti Siemiatycki, a University of Toronto professor specializing in urban planning and one of the lead researchers on the project. “And keep in mind that's just for their home to school and school to home.”
Siemiatycki said that students don't just go to school. They also have social lives, appointments and, increasingly, jobs.
According to the study, trips to school only make up 36 per cent of a student's daily travel, and that poses an issue for their health and academic wellbeing.
“As students start to spend more time commuting,” Siemiatycki said, “it's one of the factors that is influencing their university experience.”
The National Post talked to three of the lead researchers on the project; Siemiatycki, Raktim Mitra of Ryerson University and Roger Keil from York University. All agreed that their study provided a piece to the puzzle that is the Toronto transit system.
As a result of the collaboration between all four major universities, all using student-recorded travel diaries, the study provides a comprehensive snapshot of the city's 184,000 university students. It's a group the researchers say has been missed or underrepresented when conducting traditional landline surveys such as the TTC's Transportation for Tomorrow survey.
But the study does not just give more information on students, it also gives policy-makers and researchers a better understanding of the transit system.
Provide a microcosm of the problems that are faced right across this region
“What our survey does is provide a microcosm of the problems that are faced right across this region,” Siemiatycki said.
The study found that long-distance commuter trips are something common among all TTC users. But what sets students apart is their heavy dependence on transit, often at times different from other passengers. The study shows that 55 per cent of respondents is working as well as attending school, with 14.5 per cent working 20 hours a week.
“They aren't necessarily working 9-5 if they are going to school, they could be working in the morning or the evening, often working less… the types of [improvements] that serve students will make it better for everyone,” Siemiatycki said.
Because students are increasingly living with their parents and without personal vehicles, students are also highly sensitive to the cost of transportation.
“There is a really important equity component to making sure students can get to where they need to be both for school and work,” Siemiatycki said.
By collecting more information, and having it open to the public, researchers hope that future infrastructure projects can use the data to improve the city's transit system for everyone.
Universities and planning authorities can now work together to solve some of these issues
“Universities and planning authorities can work together to solve some of these issues now that we have the evidence,” Mitra said. “They can incorporate it into planning processes and urban planning.”
For some of the students who live in Toronto, future plans don't provide a solution for today's problems.
Meaghan Davis, a graduate student at Ryerson, says that how she gets to school is an easy decision. She doesn't have to take the unreliable Queen Street streetcar to get to class — after a thirty minute bike ride, she's already on campus.
“I consider myself to be pretty lucky to be able to commute by bike. It's great for me in terms of the flexibility to leave when I need to, get where I need to and also to not be fixed on campus for the whole day,” she said. “I know a lot of people who commute from further away who have to essentially make their entire day around commuting to school and then staying there until they can leave.”
Collens is one of those students.
For the last year he has tried to balance a part-time job, school and his son. As a result he said that he had to try and squeeze all of his classes into two or three days a week. Before registering, he'd sit down with a spreadsheet and plan all of his classes out.
“If I was going to make a trip to campus, I tried to choose classes that meshed together,” he said. “When your round trip is, worst-case scenario, two to three hours, then you don't get to do much to fill in that gap. ”
Collens says that because of his tight schedule he tends to miss out on the things other students get to enjoy, like extracurricular activities.
“I'm always juggling my time based around my commute,” he said. “If I stay for an event at 3:30 that stretches till 4:30 I might not pick up my son for 6:00.”
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt's top general hailed a new era of defense cooperation with Moscow on Thursday during a visit by Russian officials, sending a message to Washington after it suspended some military aid.
Egypt's interim President Adly Mansour (C), General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi (2nd R) and Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy (R) meet with Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov (2nd L) and Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu (L) at El-Thadiya presidential palace in Cairo, November 14, 2013. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Relations between Cairo and the United States deteriorated after the army overthrew Islamist President Mohamed Mursi on July 3. Last month, Washington announced it would withhold deliveries of some military and economic aid pending progress on democracy.
The visit to Cairo by Russia's defense and foreign ministers was billed by both sides as historic, although the delegation from Moscow left without announcing any major agreements.
And playing down speculation of a big shift in Egyptian foreign policy, defined by close ties with Washington for more than three decades, Foreign Minister Nabil Fahmy said Russia was not meant to be a “substitute” for anyone.
Egypt and the Soviet Union were close allies until the 1970s, when Cairo moved closer to the United States, which brokered its 1979 peace deal with Israel.
General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, Egypt's army chief and defense minister, told his Russian counterpart, Sergei Shoigu, the visit indicated the continuation of “historic strategic relations via starting a new era of constructive, fruitful cooperation on the military level”, the state news agency reported.
Shoigu and Sisi talked about strengthening military relations between the countries, the agency said.
“It's meant to send a message to say Egypt has options, and that if the United States wishes to maintain its strategic alliance with Egypt, it will have to drop the conditions it attaches to the military aid,” said Yasser El-Shimy, Egypt analyst with the International Crisis Group.
Washington has said it would consider resuming some of the suspended aid depending on Egypt's progress in following the interim government's plans to hold elections - a plan the government says it is committed to seeing through.
Seeking to mend fences with Egypt, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry expressed guarded optimism about a return to democracy during a November 3 visit to Cairo.
Egyptian Deputy Prime Minister Ziad Bahaa El-Din, who visited Washington last week, said there had been “a change of understanding” there about Egypt - remarks suggesting U.S. officials are now more sympathetic to the Cairo government's view of events around the elected Islamist president's ouster.
“In the context of ... a 30-year relationship, I don't think we have much to worry about at this stage,” Bahaa El-Din said in an address to the American Chamber of Commerce in Egypt, adding that he was “very pleased” with the results of his visit.
“WE ARE READY TO HELP”
A Western diplomat in Cairo said the prospect of the United States resuming aid early next year was one factor diminishing the chances of a major new defense deal with Moscow.
Analysts have also questioned how the heavily indebted Egyptian state would pay for new armaments, saying it would probably need more financial support from Gulf allies that have pledged $12 billion in help since Mursi's downfall.
There is also a question mark over how Russian armaments could be integrated with Egypt's U.S.-built weapons systems.
Egypt receives around $1.3 billion in military aid from the United States each year.
On October 9, Washington announced it would withhold deliveries of tanks, fighter aircraft, helicopters and missiles as well as $260 million in cash aid pending progress by the military-installed government towards democracy and human rights.
Sisi deposed Mursi on July 3 following mass protests against his Muslim Brotherhood-backed rule. The general has emerged as a popular figure among many Egyptians pleased to see the end of Mursi's administration. Many analysts believe he would likely win a presidential election due next year were he to run.
State TV used the Russian visit to recall the era of President Gamal Abdel Nasser, the popular army colonel who led Egypt after the army overthrew the monarchy in 1952.
Nasser forged close ties with the Soviet Union that continued until the 1970s. The main state TV station broadcast archive footage of Nasser's meetings with Soviet officials.
Egypt's interim President Adly Mansour (L) and Army Chief General Abdel Fattah al-Sisi attend a meeting with Russia's Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu and Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov (not pictured) at El-Thadiya presidential palace in Cairo, November 14, 2013. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
Fahmy, the Egyptian foreign minister, said Cairo was looking to “reactivate” an old relationship with Russia. Egypt and Russia would reconvene a joint governmental committee aimed at promoting economic cooperation, the ministers said.
“We are ready to help Egypt in all the fields where it seeks cooperation,” Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said.
He said Russia could assist Egypt in modernizing projects built with Soviet help in the Nasser era.
A mock ad in the style of a saccharine political campaign commercial has brought together the smiling faces of Obama's America to declare: “Yes, we can start World War Three!”
With crowd funding all the rage and America “dead-ass broke,” “The Americans for Whatever Barack Obama Wants, did you know he's friends with Jay-Z?” have launched an ambitious Kickstarter campaign to fund World War III… sort of.
The parody video, replete with the soothing voices, faces and xylophone-centric background music which form the staple of so much political advertising in the States, calls on donors to help raise $1.6 trillion on behalf of the US government.
“The $1.6 trillion that we raise will help create a war that truly puts the liberal in neo-liberal. There will be millions of troops, thousands of organic grass-fed bombs, hybrid Prius tanks, rockets controlled by iPads and drones that play The Lumineers while they attack.”
In a nod to the Occupy movement's “We are the 99 percent” slogan, the campaign promises to fight a war that engulfs the entire globe, not like “those other Republican wars fought on just 1 percent of the world.”
For those willing to pony up cash in the hopes of kickstarting World War III, IV, “and any moon war the president might want to start,” the rewards are certainly befitting of the iHipster generation.
$10 will get donors a shout-out on social media, letting the whole world know #yousupportObamaandWorldWarIII. Cough up $25 and a piece of rubble from a war-torn Middle Eastern country personally kissed by Republican Senator Lindsey Graham is yours. A hundred bucks gets you a day pass out of the Wi-Fi-equipped refugee camp we'll probably all be living in, while a $10 million donation rents you your own senator for a year.
The mock ad with the final title page joking that it was paid for by Koch Industries, was actually produced by the Second City Network, a community of comedy writers and performers. With theatres in Chicago and Toronto and a training center in both cities and in Hollywood, the Second City calls itself the Birthplace of improve-based sketch comedy.
The video has already gone viral, collecting almost one and half million YouTube views in less than three days. And if you would be donors have any doubts on why they should cough up the cash, the message is crystal clear: because Obama.
Submitted by John Griffing
Most Americans believe that we have a reasonably fair justice system with scholarly judges at the helm. Well, how about a federal judge who suspends the Constitution, confiscates all of a litigant's assets, orders him not to hire defense counsel, and pronounces his orders enforceable by death?
That's exactly what federal Judge Royal Furgeson did to Internet pioneer Jeff Baron, in a case that, New York lawyer David Relkin says is “the most outrageous denial of a person's basic constitutional and human rights in this Country since the abolition of slavery.”
In the Texas case, Judge Furgeson “sentenced” Baron to an unprecedented “human receivership” to enable the judge's lawyers to loot Baron's Juvenile Diabetes Research Trust.
His offense? Baron was accused of not paying his lawyers enough money — “charges” that were later proven to be completely fabricated.
The decision is historic: a human being has not been placed in a receivership since slavery ended in 1865. During one of the hearings, and prior to an appellate court ruling that Judge Furgeson “abused his discretion,” Furgeson reminded Baron of his power:
“I have the full force of the Navy, Army [and] Marines behind me.”. . . You are a fool, a fool, a fool to screw with a federal judge, and if you don't understand that, I can make you understand it.”
Background:
Baron is an Internet pioneer who, on a shoestring budget invented technology competitive with Google during the early days of the Internet, according to The Daily Caller. He became incredibly successful and had web sites with over 1 million visitors per day and monthly traffic of 50 million. Baron earmarked nearly all of his earned wealth to finding a cure for juvenile (type 1) diabetes — a disease afflicting Baron since early childhood.
His success attracted attention, and he was soon enticed by another investor who promised to develop a search engine that would eclipse Google if Baron would partner with him.
That relationship soured fast when the investor embezzled $8 million, prompting Baron to sue for recovery. After this, the partner employed an army of lawyers with Baron's stolen wealth and sued Baron six times, attempting to take the rest of the company's assets. The partner lost all six times, according to World Net Daily.
When the partner sued a seventh time, Furgeson became the judge in charge. Furgeson forced Baron to settle the case on unfavorable terms. After the settlement was completed, Furgeson held a private, off-record meeting with Baron's adversaries where the judge inexplicably put Baron into a human receivership, seizing everything Baron owned — from his home to his cell phone. Furgeson also indefinitely suspended most of Baron's civil liberties.
“Apparently, there is a lot of money to be had here,” Furgeson said. “Whether it's a receiver, judgment or whatever, he's going to be accountable unless he wants to live on a desert island somewhere and escape the clutches of the U.S. Army and the Navy and the Marines and the Air Force and the U.S. Marshals.”
At another hearing where Furgeson thought that Baron might appeal his rulings, he responded with a tirade:
“You want to challenge the court order, I have the marshals behind me. I can come to your house, pick you up, put you in jail. I can seize your property, do anything I need to do to enforce my orders . . . So any failure to comply with that order is contempt, punishable with lots of dollars, punishable by possible jail, death.”
Relkin, an accomplished New York federal attorney says, “The only accurate analogy to Baron's situation while under the Receiver's control is that he became an inmate at Guantanamo Bay.”
According to the appellate court, the judge's orders were so draconian that all of Baron's property was seized and his personal mail was diverted. Baron, a type 1 diabetic, had to obtain approval from the court before seeking medical treatment.
?The result was that Furgeson illegally forced Baron to unpaid labor for years, under the cloak of absolute immunity which all federal judges enjoy. Furgeson thundered:
“This [proceeding] is going on and on and on until Mr. Baron has nothing. I mean actually everything is depleted. I gather that Mr. Baron is worth a lot of money. But it may be that we sell all the domain names. We may sell all of his stock. We may cash in all of his CDs, and we may seize all of his bank accounts,”
Professor Ben Stein recently commented to Fox News that Americans are becoming powerless against abuse of power by Stalinist, liberal judges who are “dictators in black robes.”
"The judiciary is out of control, not bound by anything except themselves.” said Stein. “Judges don't have to be bound by the Constitution or the law.”
While sounding fantastic and-far fetched, Baron's situation is becoming more commonplace, as California lawyer Conrad Herring explains: “What happened to Baron, can happen to anyone. The system is obviously broken.”
Former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, an authority on judicial corruption himself, called for Judge Furgeson's impeachment, explaining:
“I've found case after case where our judiciary is being used and misused, whether it be politicians misusing the courts to stop people from giving money to campaigns, or this [Jeff Baron's] situation where the federal government, through the federal judiciary, has illegally confiscated someone's property and destroyed their lives because they have a vendetta against them.”
The scene of judges in Hawaii and the California 9th Circuit usurping President Trump's power in the area of national security serves as a reminder of a much broader and increasingly growing problem.
?While the president has an army of lawyers at his disposal to keep rogue and? activist judges in check, most Americans are far more at risk and powerless to defend themselves when they become? targets personally.
An average American finds himself at the mercy of a radical or corrupt judge bent on inflicting harm and is stuck with the judge's tyrannical commandments without recourse.
Conrad Herring observes:
“The judicial system is prohibitively expensive for most citizens. When a judge acts beyond his or her authority, and sometimes abuses that authority as in the case of Jeff Baron, there is often little recourse unless a lawyer is willing to work pro bono to defend and protect the citizen's rights. The abuse in the Baron receivership case was doubly egregious because it was initiated by unethical lawyers. Rather than hold these lawyers accountable, the judge in the case allowed them to thoroughly corrupt the legal process. Baron was stripped of most of his constitutional rights without due process, and then stripped of his assets. Although Baron was successful in his appeal of the unlawful receivership order, he is still today, five years later, fighting to recover the assets that were illegally taken from him.”
With a new day dawning in America, Baron is turning his efforts toward making America Great Again. His new Internet Freedom Project (IFP) is leading the drive to restore America's stewardship of the Internet.
When I reviewed the first few episodes of Amazon's new Transparent, I knew I liked the show. But having watched the full first season, I'm now convinced this is, hands down, one of the best shows of the year.
It's moving, funny, and lyrical, and by the end of its run, I was surprised by how thoroughly the series had gotten me both to care about the characters and shake my head in frustration when they did something stupid — just like I might for my own family. In the pilot, I feared I would only ever care about Maura (Jeffrey Tambor), a trans woman making a gender transition late in life, but as the season wore on, I came to care about each and every character on screen, even the ones who seemed too broad to be believable earlier in the run. Maura's transition — the initial impetus for the show — became a gateway into stories about each and every character in her family.
One of the things that holds the show together perfectly is its direction, the way that different episodes' directors frame and position the story visually. I started thinking about this with a single shot in the eighth episode, which is one of my favorite bits of direction I've ever seen on TV. And that led me to this realization: Transparent is a show about alienation and its opposite, connection, sure, and that's obvious on a thematic level. But it's also obvious on a visual level.
Look at these shots from all 10 episodes to see what I mean.
Episode 1, "Pilot" (dir: Jill Soloway)
Soloway, the creator and showrunner of Transparent, also directed most of its episodes. She has a knack for very precise framing, which sets viewers up to visually understand the subtext of this family before the text of the show gets around to explaining it. Here, for instance, is family son Josh (Jay Duplass) watching the members of a band perform a cover of Jim Croce's "Operator." (He's sleeping with one of them, to boot.)
At this point in the show, all of the characters have connections to other characters, but they're very superficial ones — particularly true in the case of the perpetually adrift Josh. This show underlines that masterfully. He's perfectly positioned to be a part of the band — at the center even — but he's also not, stuck in the foreground while everybody else is on another plane, having all of the fun. He's there, but he's so far outside of the group he might as well not be.
Episode 2, "The Letting Go" (dir: Soloway)
And here, with the same character, we see the tentative beginnings of connection, as he shares a quiet moment with his tiny niece. (She's showing off the dream light she has in her room.) Soloway often lingers on these little moments, when two characters draw together, making sure we, too, notice them. This is the space all of them need to be in, even if they've spent years avoiding it.
Episode 3, "Rollin" (dir: Soloway)
Bathing half of a character's face in light and half in dark is a trick as old as motion pictures themselves, but Soloway uses the technique beautifully here to illustrate how conflicted the oldest daughter Sarah (Amy Landecker) feels about her life, in the wake of reopening a connection to an old girlfriend, despite her pre-existing marriage. It's also emblematic of where the character is in relation to her siblings and parents — there's light there, but she's not quite in it.
Episode 4, "Moppa" (dir: Nisha Ganatra)
Connection is everything on Transparent, but honesty is, too. Only when someone is honest with someone else can the two of them finally open up the lines of communication necessary for a healthy relationship.
The series' fourth episode opens with Maura coming out to her youngest daughter, Ali (Gaby Hoffmann). The two are able to finally, truly, really see each other, even if Ali's a little overzealous, grabbing Maura's face and squeezing her fingers too hard. Maura finally makes sense to her, Ali says, but the sequence also reflects Ali's state of mind: she's completely high. Ganatra gives the whole scene the woozy feeling Ali must have, which makes it feel slightly dreamlike and out of time.
Episode 5, "Wedge" (dir: Ganatra)
Here's Ed (Lawrence Pressman), the ultimate outsider in the Pfefferman clan. The second husband of Maura's ex-wife, Shelley, Ed is someone nobody really knows, and his ailing health as the series continues means this is the case throughout. (Indeed, he rarely shares a scene with any other actor, except in one crucial flashback.)
But this shot also underlines how Transparent uses its direction to make many of its best gags. This shot is just funny in and of itself, with the way Ed's caricature and cotton candy suggest the fun day he had while everyone was worried he had died or disappeared.
Episode 6, "The Wilderness" (dir: Soloway)
More connection, this time between Sarah and Maura, feet dangling beneath the surface of the pool's water.
A pronouncement by a friend of Maura's in the second episode that in five years, no one in Maura's family will speak to her anymore, hangs over the series like a prophecy of doom that cannot be avoided. And to be sure, Maura's children only become comfortable with her in fits and starts. But in tiny moments and gestures like this, the characters show the journey they're taking toward acceptance.
Episode 7, "Symbolic Exemplar" (dir: Soloway)
The Trans Got Talent talent show serves as the season's climactic center. Everything spirals downward toward it, and the three episodes that close out the season all exist in its wake. The last 10 minutes of this episode, starting with the talent show and continuing into the fallout when Maura's kids have to run out in the middle of her performance, are among the highlights of the season.
In this interview with Alan Sepinwall, Soloway talks about "privileging the other," about turning characters who would be the butt of the joke on other series into the people who are driving the story. And in this shot, we can see how she does this. The chintzy trappings of the talent show would be mock-worthy on a lot of shows, but Soloway frames this so that the characters attain perfect symmetry within the frame. There's a dignity to that, even if the performance is halting and the costumes are too much.
Episode 8, "Best New Girl" (dir: Soloway)
Here's the shot that knocked my socks off. To set it up, a bit of context.
The bulk of the action of "Best New Girl" takes place in the year 1994, when Maura (then living as Mort) heads to a crossdressing getaway with his friend Mark (who goes by Marcy when crossdressing and is played by Bradley Whitford). Through a series of events, 13-year-old Ali (played here by Emily Robinson) finds her way out to the beach, where she falls in with a much older guy. The tension rises between the two, with the audience fearing this man will take advantage of this young girl. Instead, he knows completely that she's far younger than she says she is, and sex remains a far-off frustration for her.
That's reflected in this shot, in which the older Ali intrudes upon this dream, watching her younger self and the older man play. The man, now age appropriate, approaches older Ali, and the two begin to kiss, a fantasy of what might have happened, if only... But the younger Ali reaches in from out of frame, tugging at his sleeve, pulling him back to the reality of what really happened. It's a brilliant articulation of how often our impulses as adults are ruled by things that happened to us as children, by lessons we perhaps over-learned. It is, in its own way, revelatory.
Episode 9, "Looking Up" (dir: Ganatra)
The final two episodes of the season take a turn toward the plottier, leaving behind the first eight episodes' gentle character development for a series of revelations that point the way toward the denouement and what a second season might look like. Still, the episodes are laced with lovely moments of connection, as here, where the hands of the very sick Ed are stroked gently, his first moment of real connection in the whole series, shortly before he dies.
Episode 10, "Why Do We Cover the Mirrors?" (dir: Soloway)
For a series so steeped in the world of Judaism, and in a Jewish family, this shot from the season finale — close to its end — actually makes me think of a quote from the New Testament. "Even the hairs on your head have all been counted," says Jesus to the disciples in both the books of Matthew and Luke, and this moment echoes with that famous phrase.
Ali, furious with her family after a fight with her father, storms off, and it seems like it will be the season's cliffhanger. Instead, she returns at the last possible moment and is asked to join the family for a prayer led by the son Josh just learned he had. (The son was put up for adoption and is a Christian.) The boy says the prayer will be more powerful if they're all connected, so Ali reaches out and grabs a single lock of Sarah's hair. And that is where we leave the Pfeffermans.
But it's the perfect place to leave them. The Pfeffermans may not know the number of all of the hairs on all of their family members' heads, but within the space of this family unit, they are all accounted for. This is a place to say hurtful things you might not really mean, sure, but also a place to be forgiven and to finally be honest about who you truly are. It's a rich, empathetic view of the human condition, and it's the perfect ending moment for one of the year's best shows.
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
FIVE Merseyside Police Matrix officers were sacked on the spot by a disciplinary panel after taking mobile phone pictures of themselves fooling around inside a house they were supposed to be searching.
The ECHO revealed in May how eight Matrix officers were suspended from duty after the pictures came to light during an investigation into the actions of other members of the crack anti-gun anti-gang unit.
And after a three-month internal inquiry, which has already seen one sergeant sacked, the five constables caught on camera were given their marching orders yesterday.
The hearing headed by senior officers dismissed all five, without notice, having found them guilty of gross misconduct.
An investigation by the Professional Standards Department uncovered the incriminating photos as they probed separate allegations that some Matrix officers had been taking items from raided homes and putting them up for sale on internet auction site eBay.
Three officers, including the now-sacked Sgt Charlie Tennant, 43, were suspended over those allegations.
Tennant, who had 23 years police service, was also embroiled in the mobile phone scandal.
Now those with him in the pictures are also looking for new employment.
Two senior officers within Matrix were also suspended as part of the probe for failing to supervise the search team properly.
The ECHO understands one has been reinstated but the second remains suspended.
Today Deputy Chief Constable Bernard Lawson said: "We expect the highest standards from our officers and these officers fell far short of that expectation.
"Our residents and communities have the right to expect our officers to act professionally and with integrity at all times so that they can have confidence in the work that we do.
"The behaviour of these officers came to light after a proactive investigation was carried out by our Professional Standards Department.
"After considering all the evidence a misconduct hearing, chaired by a Chief Officer, found the officers guilty of gross misconduct and they were dismissed from the force.
"As a force we believe it is important to take swift and decisive action when officers are found to have fallen short of the standards we expect and in this case we have done just that.
"We are proud that over the past three years we have seen such significant falls in crime within Merseyside, particularly the 26 per cent drop in gun crime.
"That is in no small part down to the good work of the Matrix team. They do a difficult and demanding job but we are quite clear: high standards are non-negotiable.
"The overwhelming majority of Matrix officers are a credit to our Force and we are very proud to have them work for us.
"I am disappointed that the actions of this small minority of officers has had a disproportionate impact on public confidence and our community relations.
"I hope, by taking the action we have today, that our communities can be confident in our commitment to high standards of conduct and our continuing determination to fight crime in Merseyside."
The two constables suspended over the eBay probe remain, along with Tennant, on police bail after being formally arrested and questioned over the claims.
Mikhail Klementyev / Sputnik Former U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency Director and future Trump National Security Advisor Mike Flynn with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow on December 10, 2015. Flynn was Putin's special guest at the 10th anniversary dinner of the RT (Russia Today) channel. In the foreground are, with his back to camera, Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov and Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein.
There's a pattern, if not a method, to his madness. When Donald Trump gets nervous — or, more accurately, more nervous — he gets weirder. This is part and parcel of the syndrome-as-strategy of the erratic megalomaniac with pronounced know-nothing, neo-fascist tendencies whose political ascendance I began warning about in summer 2015.
Several articles in the immediate aftermath of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn being turned by Trump/Russia Special Counsel Robert Mueller dutifully recounted the supposed shock of President Trump and his associates, who purportedly had no idea that the hardcore Trump campaigner and advisor was about to cop a plea and turn state's evidence. But the signs were there for weeks that Flynn might well give in to Mueller's obvious threat to throw the book at not only the retired three-star general but also his wacky conspiracy theorist son. And so too were the telltale signs of Trump reacting to the mounting threat by acting even more oddly than usual.
In the few days before Friday's bombshell announcement, Trump re-tweeted vicious anti-Islam videos from a far right fringe British party (one of whose adherents murdered a British Member of Parliament, screaming the party slogan as he did so), attacked the Conservative British prime minister when she criticized him for it, egged on North Korea's nuclear missile program, and privately pushed the Big Lie claims that Barack Obama wasn't really born in the U.S. and that his own notorious ‘Access Hollywood' recording bragging about sexual assault was faked.
Since he's previously copped to reality on those two scores, this is more than a little striking. And alarming, since most of his vast reactionary base would probably buy into such errant nonsense if they thought the alternative was hatefully objectionable modernity. Which they do.
Today, in another pre-dawn Twitter storm, he attacked the FBI, vowing to “return it to greatness.”
In between, of course, Mueller, the legendary former FBI director, revealed that Flynn had pled guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with Russia and is cooperating in the wide-ranging probe into Russian interference in our presidential elections.
As I've been writing for months, there is very much a “there” there in the Trump-Russia entanglement. That's why Il Duce Donald and his people keep lying about it. It is wide-ranging and, at best, highly embarrassing. And it is some sort of gamy business dealings and collusion and collaboration around the presidential election, though whether it was determinative is quite a different question. I continue to expect something seamy, sleazy, seedy, and half-assed out of Trump and his circle.
As for the Russians, who have for decades had a legitimate bone to pick with American moves — starting with the Clinton strategy of NATO encirclement of Russia in the 1990s and including the U.S.-backed regime change in Ukraine which featured Hillary's former State Department spokesperson showing up on-site as a U.S. subcabinet official to urge on pro-coup demonstrators in Kiev — they have become far too emboldened.
As Gary Hart warns, the Kremlin looks like it is out to disrupt the Western alliance. And Trump is certainly doing his part to disrupt not only the immediate Western alliance but also its role in helping to manage new world chaos.
Here's the latest. The U.S. just pulled out of a looming United Nations summit on migrants. Migration, due to conflict, resource problems, pollution, poverty, is a huge problem in world politics which will only get bigger as climate change increases. But Trump's only solution is no solution at all. He wants to build his little wall and tell the rest of the world to buzz off.
Which is beyond idiotic.
But certainly more than matched in its shamefulness by Trump's refusal to offer real leadership in the Middle East by moving to settle Saudi Arabia's disastrous and Iran's problematic interventions in the Yemen civil war. Thanks largely to Saudi bombardment (from high altitude, which eliminates Saudi risk but exacerbates civilians casualties) and a blockade of the country which has only slightly eased despite Riyadh's promises to the contrary, millions of people are now at risk in what continues to be the world's greatest humanitarian disaster.
As for North Korea, all Trump's bluster and persistent undermining of any diplomatic role have only served to push dictator Kim Jong-un forward. North Korea just tested its longest-range ballistic missile yet.
Everything Trump has done, including undermining the Iranian nuclear deal, convinces the Hermit Kingdom that it should not only press forward in its nuclear missile program but accelerate it.
As Trump plays his patented “agent of chaos” role in these late-breaking developments, he continues to egg on far right ethnic/Christian fundamentalist forces out to undermine the fabric of civil society in longtime American allies such as Britain and Germany as well as in newer European Union and NATO members from the late Soviet bloc.
So is Trump a real life “Manchurian candidate?” Or is he just a “useful idiot” by virtue of his being an erratic megalomaniac with pronounced know-nothing, neo-fascist tendencies?
Trump, naturally, doesn't want to talk about this sort of thing. While he enjoys complaining about illegal immigrants, or the sophomoric reaction by some of the media to First Lady Melania Trump's quite elegant White House Christmas decor, what he really wants to talk about is his only legislative achievement of real note, the passage late Friday night of a massive tax cut bill.
Perhaps sensing that Trump's presidency is imperiled, Republican congressional leaders jammed through a hurriedly-written bill, some of it hand-written, designed to feed the rich and big corporations while busting the budget.
A shameful display of greed and subservience to Republican money people angry about receiving so little return on their political investments, it reminds once more that the one-time party of Lincoln has only one absolutely unifying principle — big tax cuts for the very wealthy and large corporations.
But people should be careful what they wish for, for this could be a very large boomerang. Especially in an era in which economic rewards go in such dramatic, and increasing, disproportion to the very few.
And so much for Trump's faux populism. As I noted early on, Trump's populism really consists of stirring up anger about “the other.” Let them eat hate!
Of course, all of this is a distraction from the Mike Flynn plea deal.
I think Flynn is something of a tragic character. As I always say about him, he deserves a great deal of credit for correctly identifying Isis as an enormous problem very early on as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency.
The Obama administration certainly didn't want to hear about that, as I know all too well after spending months writing columns fruitlessly urging U.S. air strikes against Isis units while they rampaged across the open countryside of Iraq and Syria as vulnerable motorized infantry. By the time Obama finished with his ultimately pointless diplo-stall and dialed up some air strikes, it was too late. Isis was already in place.
Before that, Flynn was a great operational intelligence director for JSOC, the Joint Special Operations Command, working in tandem with its then commander, General Stan McChrystal. Obama later fired McChrystal, probably the best American general of the era, as Afghan War commander when he and his staff made some rude comments about the White House to a Rolling Stone writer.
What Obama should have done is publicly reprimand McChrystal, then have a full and frank discussion with him and challenge him to carry out his strategy. Both McChrystal and Flynn had been Democrats.
After Obama fired Flynn, who reportedly also had some bad management issues, Flynn went off an exaggerated Islamophobic tangent. He also foolishly ended up in Moscow, appearing publicly with President Vladimir Putin. (As an intelligence agent, Flynn stinks.)
Flynn picked as co-author of his book, ‘The Field of Fight', a neo-conservative ideologue and Iran/Contra scandal figure named Michael Ledeen who is, quite oddly enough, a one-time colleague of mine.
Now that Flynn is back at the heart of things, there is plenty of time for me to get into things that his 24-day tenure as U.S. National Security Advisor did not allow. For now, suffice it to say that I know just how unsound Ledeen's reporting and thinking really is.
Ledeen's wife Barbara, by the way, works for Senator Charles Grassley's Senate Judiciary Committee, which is supposedly conducting its own investigation of Russian interference and the TrumpWorld connections.
Since she and Michael Ledeen brought Flynn the young National Security Council intel chief who played a leading role in turning the House Intelligence Committee's investigation into a bad joke, I doubt she's been playing a positive role on the committee.
I wonder why Senate Judiciary Democratic ranking member Dianne Feinstein — who I like but always felt was miscast in the past as chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee — hasn't done something with this. She can't believe there is a real bipartisan investigation underway.
Monday, February 2, 2015 at 8:56AM
On the excellent Accidental Tech Podcast there's a running conversation about Marco Arment's (Tumblr, Instapaper) switch to Go, from a much loved PHP, to implement feed crawling for Overcast, his popular podcasting app for the iPhone.
In Episode 101 (at about 1:10) Marco said he halved the number of servers used for crawling feeds by switching to Go. The total savings was a few hundred dollars a month in server costs.
Why? Feed crawling requires lots of parallel networking requests and PHP is bad at that sort of thing, while Go is good at it.
Amazingly, Marco wrote an article on how much Overcast earned in 2014. It earned $164,000 after Apple's 30%, but before other expenses. At this revenue level the savings, while not huge in absolute terms given the traffic of some other products Marco has worked on, was a good return on programming effort.
How much effort? It took about two months to rewrite and debug the feed crawlers. In addition, lots of supporting infrastructure that tied into the crawling system had to be created, like the logging infrastructure, the infrastructure that says when a feed was last crawled, monitoring delays, knowing if there's queue congestion, and forcing a feed to be crawled immediately.
So while the development costs were high up front, as Overcast grows the savings will also grow over time as efficient code on fast servers can absorb more load without spinning up more servers.
Lots of good lessons here, especially for the lone developer:
Attack the hot spot. Go was not used for the entire project, much of which is still in PHP. Go was used to attack one hot spot, a major bottleneck that was a huge resource hog. As John Siracusa said on the show, "Put your effort towards the thing that gives you the biggest bang for the buck."
Polyglot programming. Marco is showing the pattern of specializing functions over time. First, make it work, then see what's happening, then make smart changes. Use PHP where it works best, use Go where it works best, and maybe in the future move to 3rd party products as scale, features and temperament dictate.
Keep an open mind. Marco thinks for most web app problems other languages aren't better enough at solving problems to make them worth learning when compared to PHP. Go is a different sort of language and it's good at parallelism and concurrency, which makes it a valuable tool to have your tool belt for certain kinds of problems.
Festoon your tool belt. Marco also talked about how there's a benefit to just learning another language. He now has a valuable tool in his tool belt for certain kinds of problems, that he knows and trusts well enough to use again.
Houston might have endured a disappointing and demoralizing 2015–16 season that opened with a quick coaching change and ended with a quick postseason exit, but James Harden made sure he got his. Did he ever. The 27-year-old Harden (29 PPG, 6.1 RPG, 7.5 APG) posted career-highs in minutes, shots, usage rate, points, rebounds, assists and free throw attempts, pushing his all-around production to historic levels and raising the age-old “How much is too much?” question that often dogs one-man offenses. There were obvious costs to Harden's insane workload: his defensive numbers fell dramatically, Houston's attack was too predictable and stood no chance against Golden State's defense in the playoffs, and neglected center Dwight Howard bounced out of town as soon as possible in free agency. Still, his elite one-on-one feel, his league-leading ability to get to the line, his reliable three-point range and his strong finishing ability make him able to carry an efficient offense in a way matched by only the league's brightest stars. So it came as no great surprise, then, when the Rockets spent this summer building out an offensive-minded roster in his image before inking him to a lucrative renegotiated extension that will carry him through July 2019 at minimum. He's the whole show, and a damn good one despite his faults. (Last year: No. 5)
+ Since 1970, only two players have matched his 2015–16 production (29 PPG, 6.1 RPG, 7.5 APG) in all three categories: LeBron James (2008, 2010) and Michael Jordan (1989)
+ Career-high 837 free throw attempts were the most by a guard since Michael Jordan attempted 860 in 1988
– He slipped from the 79th percentile in overall defense in 2014–15 to the 18th percentile last season (per Synergy Sports)
– Heavy miles: In the four seasons since his 2012 arrival in Houston, he ranks first in total minutes played, second in field goal attempts and eighth in usage rate league-wide
Ben Affleck and Matt Damon are mapping out a future at Syfy.
The NBCUniversal-owned cable network has handed out a pilot order to the duo's drama, Incorporated, The Hollywood Reporter has learned.
The espionage thriller is set in a future where companies have unlimited power and tells the story of executive Ben Larson, who is forced to change his identity in order to infiltrate a cut-throat corporate world to save the woman he loves. In the process, he'll take on the entire system — with deadly consequences.
Affleck and Damon will executive produce via their Pearl Street Films banner. Brothers David and Alex Pastor (Selfless, The Last Days) will pen the pilot and direct the CBS Television Studios and Universal Cable Productions entry. Ted Humphrey (The Good Wife) will serve as showrunner and executive producer, via his overall deal with CBSTVS. Damon, Affleck and Pearl Street president Jennifer Todd are also attached to executive produce. Pearl Street creative executive Margaret Chernin is on board as associate producer. The drama is described as having elements of suspense, action, a dark sense of humor and taking viewers into a world where ethical boundaries have been completely redrawn.
"Incorporated provides us distinct insight into a world dictated by our decisions today," Damon and Affleck said in a joint statement of the drama that reflects contemporary trends including the dismantling of the public sector. "Viewers will delve into the intricacies of our future, one that we are constantly warned of, but as a society have not yet explored. We believe this is an important and timely story to tell and can think of no one better to guide us into this than David, Alex and Ted."
Added Syfy president Dave Howe: "Incorporated is an electrifying example of what science fiction does best: holding a mirror to present realities and projecting forward to a recognizable future in which we face the impact and consequences of our actions."
For Pearl Street, Incorporated — which was first put into development in October — marks the shingle's first scripted cable foray and second scripted overall. Last year, Fox handed out a pilot order to drama The Middle Man, with Affleck set to direct. The project was rolled to accommodate Affleck's film commitment to Batman v. Superman. The company is producing HBO's revival of Project Greenlight and is in preproduction on feature Live by Night, which was written and directed by leading man Affleck.
For Syfy, Incorporated arrives as the cabler is focusing more on science fiction fare a la Battlestar Galactica. The cabler has a roster of new dramas including Dominion, 12 Monkeys, Olympus, Z Nation, The Expanse, Childhood's End and Hunters joining returning series Defiance, Haven and Helix, among others.
On the pilot side, Incorporated joins the network's adaptation of The Magicians and high-profile development of David Goyer's Krypton.
SEREMBAN - A father and son are on trial for murder in Malaysia after allegedly killing a robber who broke into a house where they were staying, local media reported on Wednesday.
Malaysian Moo He Hong, a 57-year-old chef, and his son Wee Keong, 29, are accused of causing the death of Mr Chan Boon Poh on Feb 24.
The elder Moo and his Singaporean wife, Ms Kuek Soo Lan, have lived in Singapore for many years. They also have a daughter.
The family returns to Negeri Sembilan every year during Chinese New Year to visit friends and relatives, and the incident happened during their trip back this year.
Chan and an accomplice entered the house where the Moo family was staying late at night on Feb 24, according to the Kwong Wah Daily News.
Allegedly, Chan slashed Madam Kuek with a knife but the family fought back and in the ensuing fracas, Chan was killed. His accomplice fled.
Madam Kuek was injured and required 25 stitches on her arm.
In interviews with the Malaysian media, Madam Kuek said that her husband and her son were acting in self defence. She also claimed that Chan was conscious when they tied him up, and it is not clear how he died.
Moo and his son could be sentenced to death if they are found guilty.
Both have pleaded not guilty and the case will be heard again on April 30, Nanyang Siang Pau reported.
Sheriff's deputies, volunteers and a specialized U.S. Border Patrol team resumed their search Wednesday morning for a missing hiker whose gear was believed found in a remote area north of Warner Springs.
Chris Sylvia, 28, of Vista, left the Anza Borrego area on Feb. 12 for a solo hike. He had planned to meet a friend in Lost Valley on Feb. 17 to get fresh supplies, but never showed up, sheriff's officials said. He was described as an experienced hiker.
His friend thought he had just continued on the hike, but became concerned when Sylvia did not show up in Campo, his final destination. The friend contacted the Sheriff's Department on Tuesday.
Deputies, along with volunteers from the sheriff's search-and-rescue team and the Border Patrol's Search, Trauma and Rescue Unit (BORSTAR) searched during the evening, along with a Sheriff's Department helicopter crew and canines, said Jan Caldwell, department spokeswoman.
The search resumed at 7 a.m. Wednesday, said sheriff's Lt. Robert Smith.
Other hikers found Sylvia's identification and gear apparently belonging to him, including a sleeping bag and pad and a backpack, in a very remote area about 13 miles off state Route 79 north of Warner Springs, Caldwell said.
At this point, no foul play is suspected, she said, adding that "time is of the essence" in trying to locate him.
No photograph was yet available from officials, but Sylvia was described as white, 5 feet 8 inches tall, about 155 pounds, with brown hair and hazel eyes. He was wearing dark brown hiking boots.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Sheriff's Department at (858) 565-5200.
(Deb Lindsey/For The Washington Post)
If you, like many people, have a jar of peanut butter in the cupboard, then you're one step closer to dinner tonight. Here are six recipes to try; and yes, you could use almond butter instead.
[The secret to cooking with your favorite summer produce: Keep it simple.]
Asian Peanut Noodle Salad, pictured above. With a quick no-cook dressing; serve it at room temperature or chilled.
Peri-Peri Nutty Chicken. The sauce is made with peanut butter, hot sauce and soy sauce.
(James M. Thresher/For The Washington Post)
Beef and Cabbage Stir-Fry With Peanut Sauce. This dish is made bright with a sauce combining orange juice, peanut butter and soy sauce.
(Deb Lindsey/For The Washington Post)
Chicken Stir-Fry With Mango and Peanut Sauce. Colorful and crunchy.
(Norm Shafer/For The Washington Post)
Tofu Spring Rolls. Peanut butter goes in the dipping sauce.
(Deb Lindsey/For The Washington Post)
Quick Chicken and Baby Broccoli With Spicy Peanut Sauce. Everything bakes on a single baking sheet.
My requirement for this purchase was that it would truly eliminate the need to have multiple remotes out, even my AppleTV with the Siri remote. And that my wife wouldn't have to struggle with specific and involved instructions, just press one button and you're off. Happy to say that after a bit of headache I think i've finally had that working. So yes, it was worth it. The list of devices that Logitech Harmony devices supports out-of-the-box is astounding, to add a device you can either start my coming from an existing remote, or start by typing the make + model of the device. It worked with all of mine, but then again my setup isn't crazy by any means. This one even found the compatible wi-fi devices on my network automagically, in my case this was my LIFX light bulbs and AppleTV. I can now add the lights to "activities" which is cool. As far as placement, The Hub itself emits the IR signals as well as through the IR blaster thats included in the box (Hub also has a port for an extra IR blaster, sold separately) After a bit of finagling I think i've got it all placed in a way that works with my half-open half-enclosed entertainment cabinet and wall mounted TV. I've also read of people using splitters for their IR blasters, but haven't tried it myself. I was also able to get it to link to my Amazon Echo Dot, but that was definitely much more involved since it required an update to the Harmony. Now there are supposedly two methods for triggering an update, either via their mobile app (iOS or Android) but no matter how many times I tried these steps it just would not update. So that left method two, via a computer and their desktop software (this is where the experience just grinds to a halt.) The desktop software required an update to Silverlight, i think the last time I used that was when Netflix used it in its early days, but I digress. I figured if I was doing a firmware update it'd be best to be on the latest + greatest. Long story short, it was a horrible experience, while connected via USB to my laptop the Harmony would fail to recognize my wi-fi even though I was maybe 10 ft from my router. When it finally recognized the connection it would lose it half-way through the update. At one point the "sync" and/or update said it finished, but when I hooked it back up in its designated place in my entertainment center the light would stay solid red not the normal green, so I gave up and took a break when it appeared that I had bricked it. I guess that short time of letting it sit unconnected to power must have done the trick since I plugged it in to the computer again and did another sync and it was working again. Huge sigh of relief. More on the desktop software side of it, I was hoping that it would offer more of an "advanced" approach to setting up my Harmony. But i was severely let down. For instance: I was trying to set up a "Watch Night TV" activity that would include setting my LIFX bulbs easy right? This is where it gets interesting, I wanted it so that when I eventually pressed the "OFF" button there would be a delay before turning off the bulbs to allow me time to leave the room before going dark. I found where I was able to add in a delay, so "perfect" I thought, but I was wrong. Trying to manually type in a number (since the time interval is in seconds) I could only type it in the single digits, e.g.: "60" or "10" wouldn't work, so I was left-clicking (or holding thankfully) the up/down arrow keys to set. Once I had it added I then found out that I couldn't move the order of the delay, so essentially it would be delay only at the beginning which I guess would work as well, but not quite what I was after. I was also hoping to be able to "clone" or make a copy of my first "Watch TV" activity since I manually went through the trouble of mapping every key like I wanted it so that it worked with my AppleTV, but this was not possible. The mobile app works ok, for adding devices and setting activities. Although I learned the hard way that it was not possible to add a device to an activity after the fact, or at least it wasn't obvious. Essentially patience is key. So take some time to plan out your set up and placement of the hub and the IR blaster, also make sure to add all your devices up front, but only after you've done any software/firmware updates just in case. Now that it is all mostly setup I've gotta say that I love it. My previous Harmony remote was the white one designed to work with Xbox 360, and I can now retire that little guy.
Read more
Some people are righteous and angry. This is the final-time, apparently.
“We're a few dozen people talking about a few hundred people who are complete fucking idiots.”
Text mountains hate before comments and I don't care about it at all. There's so much of it words without punctuation or you should pick up a dictionary once in a while. I have no idea why there's even a discussion about what is or isn't right when people are telling other people they want to drink blood from their cunts, because we all had mummies and daddies probably don't want to exclude all the people that didn't have mummies and daddies I'll make a donation to the orphan fund ice bucket and we all went to school and probably all know what right and wrong is. In fact, you do all know what right and wrong is by law you're all over fourteen. I think.
Acres of words from writers searching desperation in their souls it's over this is how the world views triple-A no one cares. The wringing moaning guttering candles foreheads on keys and the tears of frustration. Why can't they see, these poor, blind fools? We're a few dozen people talking about a few hundred people who are complete fucking idiots and will go to jail someday God willing social justice. We have to fight against it and we do and we should diversify of course we should but the entire games industry is so revoltingly sexist that it's easy to feel there's no hope these shoot and shoot wallpaper stop the sex trafficking. We will fight the fight, march on our little fingers entwined together tapping goosestepping toward the cratered horizon. Do you honestly think any of this is going to be better in five years? In ten?
Potential solutions mais non that wouldn't work these people don't listen not even they really care look at that insane video those men wanted to make I mean what not even two hundred backers. That's how much they care. They don't care. Why do you even talk to them? We all sit in our stupid little soundroom and shout at each other and we're just the head of a pin in a pin factory. None of this matters apart from the illegal aspects and the games themselves cars and guns how's that going to change? Come back in twenty.
“Everyone's leaving the final whimper as women finally, obviously, gloriously, kick the two fucking puppies to death and set fire to the trousers.”
I have barely any idea what games journalism even is model evaporated games writing ego massager adverts in both writing and product sales and the remnants eating themselves head of a pin. Go write a fucking preview. Let's do the news. Little dogs fighting over the remains torn cloth shit-strewn London park two Pekingese tugging at a pair of child's jeans icy sky fag packets in the reeds. We're all old now. Where are they going video. Everyone's leaving the final whimper as women finally, obviously, gloriously, kick the two fucking puppies to death and set fire to the trousers. Kill the fucking dogs. Stamp on their fucking skulls and pop their fucking eyes.
The death of an identity SJW game journalists what I don't understand go away people play Call of Duty GTA avatar people call me love, you know, blow me kisses every time I see you you look uglier. Come on, love, come in my car air thrusting not sure how to respond you'll be pleased to know Pat plays as a woman never seen anything like this. Death threat. Online abuse. Flee home. FBI. La culture geek est avant tout une contre-culture. It's the end, the teetering restaurant on the edge of the universe at time time a trillion trillion stars sucking white flashes the two hyperfine levels of the ground state of the caesium 133 atom tear themselves apart shitty jeans a billion shards in a billion warehouses hot fusion empty, fizzing grey. Not black.
A pinhead in a pin factory. Two shitty dogs yapping in a park.
OTTAWA — Federal Liberals are asking the RCMP to launch a criminal probe into allegations that the Conservatives tried to buy the support of an Independent MP in the days leading up to a crucial vote in 2005. In a letter to RCMP Commissioner William Elliott today, Liberals say a police probe is needed to examine "very serious allegations regarding potential criminal activity by representatives of the Conservative Party of Canada."
Prime Minister Stephen Harper stands in the House of Commons today to deny that the Conservative party offered a bribe to a now-dead MP in an attempt to influence his vote. (Feb. 28, 2008) ( TOM HANSON / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
According to a new book by Vancouver journalist Tom Zytaruk, two Conservative officials met with Chuck Cadman, then dying of cancer, and tried to lure him back to the Tory caucus with the promise of a $1 million life insurance policy just two days before the crucial May 19, 2005 vote. "The Tories actually walked in with a list of offers written down on a piece of paper. Included in their proposal was a $1 million life insurance policy - no small carrot for a man with advanced cancer," says the new book, titled Like A Rock: The Chuck Cadman Story. Prime Minister Stephen Harper denied the allegations, saying nothing was offered to Cadman before the vote.
Article Continued Below
"This is completely false, completely irresponsible," Harper said in question period. But if true, the attempt would constitute a criminal offence. "As I am sure you will agree, any allegations of financial inducements being offered to an elected public official in an attempt to influence that individual must be treated with the utmost seriousness," Liberal MP Dominic LeBlanc (Beauséjour) wrote in his letter to the RCMP. "There is an obvious and significant public interest in determining whether or not officials from the Conservative Party of Canada engaged in attempts to bribe an elected public official for their own political and material gain," LeBlanc wrote. Cadman sided with the minority Liberals, ensuring the survival of Paul Martin's government. Cadman died a few months later.
However, in an interview with CTV News this afternoon, Cadman's widow Dona confirmed that Tory officials had met with her husband to woo his vote. "Two gentlemen had visited him, offered him a million dollar life insurance policy and a few other things," she said.
Article Continued Below
Asked whether she considered it a bribe, she responded, "Yes, in a way." Cadman rejected the overture and was quite upset by the suggestion that his support could be bought, said his wife, who is now the Conservative candidate in the Surrey North riding once represented by her husband.
A swimmer has survived being bitten by a 7ft great white shark off the Californian coast.
The attack happened after the shark got caught in a fisherman's hook for half an hour, with the carnivore growing increasingly distressed at not being able to free itself.
Fifteen unsuspecting long-distance swimmers then neared the shark, with one man, Steven Robles, 40, getting caught in the fishing line.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
He was bitten on the side of his rib cage about 270m off Manhattan Beach in southern California at 9.30am local time yesterday.
Eye witness Eric Martin said that the shark's mouth had been opening and closing as if trying to shake off the hook.
Injured Mr Robles was placed on a surfer's board after fishermen cut the line.
He was attended to by Los Angeles County lifeguards before paramedics began treating him. His injuries - lacerations and puncture wounds - were not life threatening and he was taken to hospital conscious.
A video of the incident seemingly has the swimmer's cries of pain as others shout "shark" and attempt to usher people out of the water. "It already a bit someone!” somebody else is heard saying.
A lifeguard at the beach said that it's not uncommon for sharks to get as close as it did, but that this case was unique because it was agitated.
“He was trying to get off the line,” Tracy Lizotte told the Los Angeles Times. “That's where they live. It's their home,” he added.
Though the shark swam off back into the wild 20 minutes later, a moratorium was temporarily placed on entering the water and fishing has been halted until Tuesday as a precaution.
According to CBS LA, Mr Robles credits God for his survival as well as a fast-thinking punch on the shark's nose.
He told NBC4: "You could feel the whole body shaking with the shark, the whole thing trying to gnaw in at me.
"He surfaces to the top, I see him for two seconds and he makes a really sharp turn and comes lunging right at me on my chest. I had no time to react, it just happened so quick.
"I used my hand to grab his nose, pried him off me. I mean, I thought that was it. For just a second I thought this was it, I was really scared."
The City of Manhattan Beach has a 2.1-mile stretch of beachfront and a 928ft-long pier. While fishing is permitted all year, fishing for sharks is prohibited in California.
Shark sightings are reportedly on the rise at some Californian beaches, such as Manhattan where surfing and paddle boarding is a popular pastime.
Additional reporting by agencies
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
Neither Prime Minister Ehud Olmert nor Defense Minister Ehud Barak has made such a statement. Still, there is a growing and shared concern among Israeli leaders that any letup against Hamas would be problematic for Israel's broad goals in the long term because it could bolster and validate the group, which says Israel should be destroyed.
“If the war ends in a draw, as expected, and Israel refrains from re-occupying Gaza, Hamas will gain diplomatic recognition,” wrote Aluf Benn, a political analyst, in the newspaper Haaretz on Friday. “No matter what you call it,” he added, “Hamas will obtain legitimacy.”
In addition, any potential truce deal would probably include an increase in commercial traffic from Israel and Egypt into Gaza, which is Hamas's central demand: to end the economic boycott and border closing it has been facing. To build up the Gaza economy under Hamas, Israeli leaders say, would be to build up Hamas. Yet withholding the commerce would continue to leave 1.5 million Gazans living in despair.
Implicit in Mr. Benn's argument, however, is that the only way to stop Hamas from gaining legitimacy is for Israel to fully occupy Gaza again, more than three years after removing its soldiers and settlers. That is a prospect practically no one in Israel or abroad is advocating.
Photo
Moreover, while it may sound decisive to speak of taking Hamas out of power, almost no one familiar with Gaza and Palestinian politics considers it realistic. Hamas legislators won a democratic majority in elections four years ago, and the group has 15,000 to 20,000 men under arms. It has consolidated its rule in the past 18 months since pushing out its rivals loyal to the more Western-oriented and moderate Fatah party of President Mahmoud Abbas, who sits in Ramallah in the West Bank.
And while there are plenty of Gazans who would prefer Fatah, they seem hardly organized or strong enough to become the new rulers, even with the help of former colleagues in exile in Ramallah who say, anyway, that they would never be willing to ride into Gaza on the back of an Israeli tank. In fact, the longer Israel pounds Gaza, the weaker Fatah is likely to become because it will be seen as collaborating.
The likelier result of a destruction of the Hamas infrastructure, then, would be chaos, anathema not only to the people of Gaza but also to those hoping for peace in southern Israel.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Yet in its campaign so far, which has killed scores of children and other bystanders, Israel has not spared the trappings of Hamas sovereignty or limited itself to military targets. It says that the mosques it has destroyed were weapons storehouses and that the Islamic University, which it has hit repeatedly, housed explosives factories. But it has also reduced many government buildings to rubble without any claim that they were military in nature.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“The government buildings are a place where financial, logistical and human resources serve to support terror,” said Capt. Benjamin Rutland, a spokesman for the Israeli military. “Much of the government is involved in the active support and planning of terror.”
Taken together, it suggests that even if Israel intends to hold back from completely overthrowing Hamas, its choice of assault tactics could head that way anyway. And the Israelis may already be facing a kind of mission creep: after all, if enough of Hamas's infrastructure is destroyed, the prospect of governing Gaza, a densely populated, refugee-filled area whose weak economy has been devastated by the Israeli-led boycott, will be exceedingly difficult.
In the background, too, is broad international criticism of this war on Gaza, not only because of the unspeakable suffering seen on television screens but also because of a feeling that Israel has tried such tactics in the past and never succeeded.
In particular, many point to the 2006 war against Hezbollah in Lebanon, where Israel also tried to destroy rocket launchers and a hostile organization's infrastructure, only to end up killing many civilians and leaving Hezbollah more popular and perhaps ultimately stronger than before the war.
But military planners here say that the parallel is inexact and that they, too, have learned a lesson. Gaza is smaller and flatter than southern Lebanon and, most important, does not have a sievelike border with a country like Syria where arms can be constantly resupplied. Destroying the smuggler tunnels from the Egyptian Sinai into Gaza and systematically eliminating weapons depots and launcher sites, along with their supporting infrastructures, will ultimately succeed, they contend.
It may take weeks or months, they assert, but it can work. If true, questions still remain: At what human cost? And who will be in charge when it is all over?
The search engine's parent company performed better than expected Monday with a value of $518bn after investors were given inside look into tech company
Alphabet, parent company of Google, looks set to take the crown from Apple and become the world's most valuable company.
The tech company announced better than expected results on Monday and gave investors their first proper look under the hood at the engine that drives its business. Operating income from its core businesses rose 23% in 2015. Investors liked what they saw and shares spiked 8% in after-hours trading.
Alphabet closed the trading day valued at $518bn, behind Apple's $538bn. But if it holds on to that gain once trading begins again Tuesday, it would be worth close to $560bn – the company first broke the half-trillion marker in October.
Wall Street has fretted for years about how much the core Google business was being used to fund founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin's ambitions to grow new businesses in robots, self-driving cars and spaceships.
For the first time the company's core business was broken out from its big-swing “moonshot” projects, allowing investors to see inside the tech giant with a little more clarity, and they like it a lot.
What's in a name? How Alphabet made Google the biggest company in the world Read more
Google segment revenues for 2015 were $74.5bn and it made a profit of $23.4bn. For 2014 Google segment revenues were $65.67bn and profits were just over $19bn. In contrast the “other bets” had revenues of $448m for the 12 months ending 31 December 2015 and lost $3.5bn. In 2014 the moonshots brought in $327m and lost $1.9bn.
Google's ad revenue – its primary source of income – for the last quarter was $19.08bn, up 17% year-over-year, in the company's first earnings report as Alphabet.
Market analyst Scott Kessler of S&P Capital IQ said: “It's nice to see that expenses are being more carefully overseen.” But Kessler still has the stock as a “hold.”
“The company is in the crosshairs of regulators around the world,” Kessler said, pointing to ongoing copyright litigation with Oracle and the company's investigation by the European Commission over antitrust concerns and rows over tax breaks.
Tories lobbying to protect Google's £30bn island tax haven Read more
Kessler said the earnings might have resulted in “enthusiasm, even euphoria,” but there were miles to go for Alphabet yet. “There are a lot of legal and regulatory issues that may come to a head this year,” he said.
It is the first time that Alphabet has provided specific numbers for its core business (Google's search engine, YouTube, Android, Google Play and other units that form the heart of its business) and for the rest of the companies businesses (Google X, its research arm, Calico, its biotech company, Google Fiber, high speed internet, Nest, smart home devices and other bets on future technologies).
Ruth Porat, the company's chief financial officer, said Alphabet was keeping a close eye on spending. “We remain on a journey, and it is still early days,” she told analysts on a conference call.
Outside of Google, Alphabet's subsidiaries will each have their own chief executive, reporting to Page. The structure is reportedly modelled after billionaire investor Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway, which owns a complex portfolio of businesses including clothes manufacturer Fruit of the Loom, insurer Geico and this week bought Precision Castparts, maker of aerospace and other industrial parts.
“Our very strong revenue growth in Q4 reflects the vibrancy of our business, driven by mobile search as well as YouTube and programmatic advertising, all areas in which we've been investing for many years. We're excited about the opportunities we have across Google and Other Bets to use technology to improve the lives of billions of people,” Porat said.
Britain's Labour Party has come under pressure from a powerful Jewish lobby to expel former London mayor and MP Ken Livingstone, who says Adolf Hitler supported Zionism.
The British Jews organization made the call on Monday, shortly after Livingstone's interview with the BBC, where he doubled down on his remarks about Hitler's support for Zionism.
“During the 1930s, Hitler collaborated with the Zionists and supported them because he believed that a solution to his problem — the Jews — was that they should all move to Palestine,” the veteran MP told BBC radio.
Livingstone told the radio show that expelling him would be “very difficult” as he has the evidence needed to back the statement.
The comments revived a controversy from April, where he made the same remarks on the same radio show and was subsequently suspended by party leader Jeremy Corbyn.
“After I did the interview with you and I got suspended, I couldn't walk down the street for people stopping me and saying ‘we know what you said is true – don't give in to them,'" Livingstone said. "It's going to be very difficult for them to expel me from the Labour Party when I've got this whole sheaf of documents and papers which shows that what I said was true.”
In its Monday statement, the British Jews blasted Livingstone for attempting to “rewrite history.”
“Every day that Labour does not expel him is a stain on the party,” the lobby's Board of Deputies Vice President Marie van der Zyl said.
The Israeli regime was illegally established in 1948, when it occupied Palestinian land along with expanses of other Arab territories during full-fledged military operations. The occupied lands also include Lebanon's Shebaa Farms and Syria's Golan Heights.
In 1967, it occupied the Palestinian territories of the West Bank, including East Jerusalem al-Quds, and the Gaza Strip. It later annexed the West Bank and East al-Quds in a move never recognized by the international community.
“The creation of the state of Israel was fundamentally wrong, because there had been a Palestinian community there for 2,000 years,” Livingstone told Arabic TV station al-Ghad al-Arabi in May.
The Labour Party has suspended as many as 50 members over allegations of “anti-Semitism” and racism over the past months.
Londoners tend to look down their noses at Birmingham, much as New Yorkers dismiss Boston or Philly. But thanks in large part to its burgeoning food scene (as of this fall, the city has more Michelin stars than any other English city outside London), not to mention its famed Balti Triangle, packed with over 50 South Asian restaurants, Londoners, as well as the rest of the world, are starting to reconsider the Brums. Its cultural offerings can keep pace with the capital's (there's the world-renowned Birmingham Royal Ballet, Birmingham Repertory Theatre Company, and the City of Birmingham Symphony Orchestra, plus a rock scene that launched Ozzy Osbourne and Duran Duran), and September saw the opening of a much-anticipated $300 million public library (it looks like a stack of Legos wrapped in mesh and houses a Shakespeare Memorial Room, with an impressive collection of Shakespeareana). Birmingham also lays claim to one of the U.K.'s biggest and oldest jewelry quarters, the famed Cadbury chocolate factory, and something else London definitely doesn't have: very few tourists.
Population: 1,073,045
Distance from London:Two hours and ten minutes by car; one hour and 24 minutes by train.
Where to Stay: $: The 73-room Japanese pod-style Bloc Hotel (from $72; blochotels.com) is located right smack in the buzzy jewelry quarter. $$: Expect a slightly business-traveler-oriented vibe at Hotel La Tour (from $158; hotel-latour.co.uk) with its modern, wood-accented rooms. $$$: Located on the 23rd and 24th floors of the city's famed Cube building, Hotel Indigo (from $199; hotelindigobirmingham.co.uk) offers a luxe stay with floor-to-ceiling windows in all the rooms, plus the Michelin-starred Marco Pierre White steakhouse.
The East London of Birmingham
In the eighties, entrepreneur Bennie Gray and his son Lucan began converting a cluster of derelict custard factories in the once industrial Digbeth neighborhood into a space for the city's young artists, actors, and musicians to convene. Today, the area is known simply as the Custard Factory and feels like some amalgam of East London and Dumbo: Its cobblestoned streets are peppered with an eclectic assortment of music venues, record stores, and a great Saturday-morning flea market, plus over 400 small digital agencies and media companies that have set up shop. Here, the younger Gray's guide to exploring the neighborhood.
Start off at Frankie Johns vintage-clothing shop, Urban Village (Gibb St.; 224-7367), which has been around since the nineties. Johns specializes in clothes from the sixties and seventies and personally hunts for the stock. There's also a try before your buy' record bar with more than 5,000 records.
Among the dozen or so galleries in the quarter, one of the most notable is Eastside Projects (86 Heath Mill Ln.; 771-1778), an ever-evolving space run by a group of practicing artists who pull in well-known talent from around the world like Dan Graham, Mike Nelson, and Liam Gillicks, and currently Cao Fei, a new-media artist from China. A large-scale, jagged building-within-a-building, Pleasure Island,' created by artists Heather and Ivan Morrison, functions as a communal space for performances and general hanging out.
I love the Digbeth Dining Club (Spot*light, Unit 2) that takes place every Friday in a vintage-furniture-adorned warehouse in one of the Victorian railway arches that are distinctive to the neighborhood. Run by Jack Brabank, whose aim is to introduce the best locally sourced food stalls to the masses and to keep it as diverse as possible, the Club offers everything from soul food to pizza to Jamaican fare. One of my favorite stalls is the Meatshack. They do the best burger you'll ever taste28-day-aged beef, sourced twenty miles from Birmingham, cooked fresh right in front of you, and on a brioche bun.
Cap the night off at the Rainbow (160 Digbeth High St.; 753-1818), a pub that recently expanded to a music venue, taking over a warehouse next door as well as a cellar space, a courtyard, and a scaffold yard that's set against the backdrop of towering Victorian railway viaducts. The heavy hitters of Birmingham's local indie-music scene play here, like Peace (just signed to Columbia Records), Troumaca, and the Twang, who will return to the Rainbow in December.
Not Your Standard Chippy
Adam Stokes, the 32-year-old responsible for the newly Michelin-starred eatery Adam's (21A Bennetts Hill, 643-3745), is known for his witty take on classic dishes (think scallops with pork crackling, baby leeks, and grapefruit). Here, Stokes's favorite eateries that offer updated takes on Birmingham classics.
English Breakfast
At Cherry Reds (88-90 John Bright St.; 643-5714), which just opened a new outpost in the city center last month, the mood is relaxed and quirky. You pick up your own cutlery and sit at mismatched tables, chairs, sofas, and bar stools. Yes, they have traditional thick-cut bacon, black pudding, and pies of the day, but they also do have an amazing veggie and gluten-free selection, including the Linda McCartney sausage' (from her vegetarian line of food), and a wonderful grilled haloumi-cheese-and-mushroom breakfast sandwich.-
Indian
At Lasan (34 Dakota Buildings, James St., 212-3664), located in the jewelry quarter, chef-director Aktar Islam has raised the profile of Indian cooking in Birmingham. The restaurant has contemporary décor with modern art and stylish furniture. Islam uses subtle spicing and unusual combinations of ingredientslike the pan-fried bream on garlic-scented spinach and new potatoes in spicy Bengali-tomato-and-coriander-scented broth.
Fish and Chips
Chamberlains Fish and Chips (8 Wolverhampton Rd., 429-7709) is not your standard chippy. Try the cod or haddock that's encased in a crispy batter (right); it's been cooked in beef drippingbut you can ask for it to be made with vegetable oil or without gluten. Try one of their newfangled creations like haddock with spinach parcels and salmon and pesto bites.
Pakistani
Located in a large converted church in the Balti Triangle, Mughal e Azam (Stratford Rd., 777-9348) brings in award-winning chefs directly from Pakistan, who make dishes that feel very modern, many made with fresh ginger, green chile, and coriander. I love the minced chicken with chile, coriander, and cashew nuts, and the lamb haandi, which is pieces of spring lamb with yogurt and garam masala.
“We need to punish the Americans, it's possible, so that we don't put Trump in a position where he is again tempted, we need to abstain from transferring information to him, or to only give him partial information so that he can't endanger any source.” Ex-Mossad chief Danny Yatom (1999-2001)
Danny Yatom — Former head of the Mossad — said Israel should penalize the US over Trump's leak because his acts could endanger Israeli sources. Follow us on Twitter: @INTEL_TODAY
Both the Times and the Washington Post have reported that “highly classified” intelligence provided by a U.S. ally was shared with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Ambassador Sergey Kislyak by Mr. Trump at a White House meeting on May 10 2017.
[The New York Times first reported that the intelligence came from Israel. The ABC news outlet then reported that the information came specifically from a spy embedded in the terrorist group on behalf of Israel.]
A former head of Israel's national intelligence agency has responded to reports that Israel was the source of information that President Trump revealed to Russian officials.
When asked how the U.S. government can move on after the president's disclosure to the Russians, Yatom said:
Shabtai Shavit — another former chief of the Mossad spy agency — fired off harsh criticism at Donald Trump in an interview with The Times of Israel on Wednesday (May 19 2017).
“If tomorrow I were asked to pass information to the CIA, I would do everything I could to not pass it to them. Or I would first protect myself and only then give it, and what I'd give would be totally neutered,” Shavit told The Times of Israel in a phone interview.” “If some smart guy decides that he's allowed to leak information, then your partners in cooperation will be fewer or just won't be at all.”
The former Mossad chief acknowledges that Trump is allowed to make the decision to reveal sensitive intelligence.
“However, the rules of proper operation demand that even a president of the world's greatest power consult with the experts. That's why the government pays them,” Shavit said. “Before he makes any decision, he posts on Twitter. He tweets and then checks the responses in order to make his decision. Is that how you run a country?” Shavit asked. “That's not how you run a corner store.”
TIMELINE
May 9 2017 — President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey May 10 2017 — Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Ambassador Sergey Kislyak meet President Trump at a White House May 15 2017 — According to US media, President Trump boasted about highly classified intelligence in a meeting with the Russian foreign minister and ambassador during the May 10 meeting, providing details that could expose the source of the information and the manner in which it was collected May 16 2017 — The NYT reveals that the classified intelligence that President Trump disclosed in a meeting last week with Russian officials at the White House was provided by Israel May 16 2017 — ABC news reports that the classified information came specifically from a spy embedded in the terrorist group on behalf of Israel
About Danny Yatom
Danny Yatom (born 15 March 1945) is a former Israeli politician who served as a member of the Knesset for Labour. In 1996–1998, Yatom was head of the Mossad security service. Between 1999 and 2001, he served as Prime Minister Ehud Barak's Chief Of Staff and security advisor. [Wikipedia]
About Shabtai Shavit
Shabtai Shavit (born 17 July 1939) was director general of the Mossad from 1989 to 1996. Shavit first joined the Israel Defense Forces, where he served in the Sayeret Matkal. From 1958 to 1959, he was military governor of the Southern Command. In 1964, he joined the Mossad, where he worked his way up to director general. [Wikipedia]
Danny Yatom talks with CBSN about the fallout
REFERENCES
Former Israeli spymasters rip into Trump, say Israel must reassess intel sharing — Time of Israel
=
Former Mossad chief: “Israel will think twice before sharing sensitive info with US”
Billionaire venture capitalist Tim Draper recently proposed splitting California up into six distinct states. Draper's plan is getting a good deal of ridicule in the press, despite the fact that it could actually make its way to California ballots in the next election. But it's easy to forget that throughout history, political boundaries have indeed been redrawn to suit different needs.
Or there are maps redrawn in the theoretical, to get a better sense of how divisions in the country actually manifest themselves. In the early 1980s, Washington Post editor Joel Garreau outlined the nine different Americas he and his fellow journalists saw when they looked at a map of North America.
Advertisement
Garreau wrote in 1981:
I'm going to try to explain how the continent is really working right now, not as if it were three nations – the United States, Canada, and Mexico; not as if it were 50 states; not as it should work, as an academic might have it; but how it is really working and how best to understand how we will be moving into the 21st century as a result.
Garreau thought of North America as distinct regions, from the nation of Dixie in the south, centered around the capital city of Atlanta, to the nation of Ecotopia in the northwest, encompassing the coastal regions of Northern California, Oregon, Washington state and British Columbia, with San Francisco as its capital.
Advertisement
Garreau divided North America up in this way because, as a reporter, he didn't understand the regional divisions that had become the shorthand by which journalists described different parts of the United States. What do we mean when we describe regions like the Southwest or the Midwest?
"To this day I don't understand what people mean by the Midwest," Garreau wrote in 1981. "I don't know why they would want to put Ohio in the same region as Nebraska; Cleveland is very different from Omaha. Its people are different, as are its industry, farming, and its future."
And so Garreau redrew the continent in a way that made more sense to him, with each region getting a new capital city.
Advertisement
Ecotopia — Capital: San Francisco
The Empty Quarter — Capital: Denver
MexAmerica — Capital: Los Angeles
The Breadbasket — Capital: Kansas City
Dixie — Capital: Atlanta
The Foundry — Capital: Detroit
Quebec — Capital: Quebec
New England — Capital: Boston
The Islands — Capital: Miami
"I am really convinced that where you are from tells a lot about where you are coming from," Garreau wrote in 1981. "I think people are really influenced by their surroundings, where they are, and I think ultimately that's why we are nine nations. We do have a certain dual allegiance. While we have passports that say United States or Canada or Mexico, we somehow feel some allegiance to the Plains or to South Florida or to the Northeast."
Advertisement
Garreau's choice of capitals and particular divisions are questionable in many ways, but they're an interesting jumping off point for a discussion about how we understand the different regions of the United States, Canada and Mexico. People even took his ideas and wrote short stories based on the new potential divisions.
Garreau's reimagining may have been largely a thought exercise, but there have been plenty of real attempts to redraw the political boundaries of North America. Those lines of the map that divide Minnesota from Wisconsin or the U.S. from Mexico were decided by humans. And they can be redrawn by humans should the desire arise, whether we want to form new tangible governmental structures or just as a shorthand to describe different regions.
So what do you think about Garreaut's map? Does it make sense at all here in the 21st century? How would you redraw North America or even just California?
Advertisement
Image: Richard Furno illustration scanned from the August 1980 issue of The Futurist magazine
The legal action comes after a five-year flurry of awareness of brain injuries in contact sports and follows lawsuits filed this year by dozens of former N.F.L. players who claim the league was negligent in its handling of brain trauma. The issue has moved from science labs to Congress and now to courtrooms, where the financial exposure of the sport's governing bodies may be tested.
The N.F.L. is subsidizing care for some of the most seriously damaged of its former players, after public and Congressional pressure forced the league to acknowledge the gravity of the issue. But the damage did not begin with the first hit in an N.F.L. training camp. Players have been absorbing blows to the brain since they were children.
“I hear from former players who were taught spearing,” said Representative Linda T. Sánchez, Democrat of California , who has been an active participant in Congressional hearings into brain damage among N.F.L. players. Her constituents tell her how they learned to use modern helmets as weapons to injure their opponents in youth leagues or high school.
“It's quite savage,” said Sánchez, who notes that former pro players are filing workers' compensation claims in California because its eligibility requirements are more lenient than elsewhere. She acknowledges that college players are not salaried employees, which complicates the issue of long-term care for injured players.
But it is not impossible that an improved system of insurance and aftercare for athletes beyond their playing days could imperil football and maybe hockey and other contact sports.
Owens does not want to tear down football. With a loving smile, he recalled somebody defining it as “a violent sport, played by jerks” — including himself, of course. For now, he is a man in the shadows, dealing with the migraines and dark impulses that sometimes cause him to lock the door and stay in bed.
Before the concussions, he was an A student and a three-sport star and the lead trumpeter in his high school band, who could do mathematics in his head without a calculator or writing down the intermediate steps. After the concussions, his grades fell drastically. He dropped out for this semester because he could not memorize material for tests.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Something to Prove
Why did Owens not signal for a fair catch that night in Tulsa? He said he did not believe in fair catches because he wanted to prove that a 5-foot-8, 165-pound player could thrive in Division I football. He had high goals for himself, and still does.
Owens can recall at least five concussions since high school, but he said it was not until August 2011, nearly a year after the fearsome hit on the punt return, that anybody used the phrase “postconcussion syndrome” on him. He thought concussions were simple: “You get your bell rung. You get smoked. And then you go back in.”
A sentence at the beginning of the class-action suit reads, “The N.C.A.A. has engaged in a long-established pattern of negligence and inaction with respect to concussions and concussion-related maladies sustained by its student-athletes, all the while profiting immensely from those same student-athletes.”
Photo
The suit lists as a defendant the N.C.A.A., not the University of Central Arkansas, where Owens is still enrolled, and to which he professes loyalty. A former player at another university was originally listed as a plaintiff, but on Nov. 19, the suit was amended to drop that player and include Arrington, who played for Eastern Illinois University; Turner, formerly with Fordham University ; and Palacios, who played soccer for Ouachita Baptist University in Arkansas . The suit at first concentrated on football but now notes concussions in other sports.
Calling the suit “wholly without merit,” Donald Remy, the N.C.A.A. general counsel and vice president for legal affairs, said the organization had “great compassion” for injured athletes and had been “at the forefront of safety issues.”
“The N.C.A.A. is an attractive target for opportunistic plaintiffs' class-action lawyers,” Remy said in a statement via e-mail, adding, “To date, none of these cases have been proven to have merit.”
The suit is spearheaded by Steve W. Berman of Hagens Berman Sobol Shapiro L.L.P., based in Seattle . The firm says it “represents workers, whistleblowers, investors and consumers in complex litigation” against the tobacco and automobile industries, among others.
Since 2009, Berman has represented Sam Keller, a former college quarterback whose suit claims college athletes should be paid for the use of their likeness in official N.C.A.A. video games.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
In an interview in his 33rd-floor office overlooking Seattle, Berman characterized the N.C.A.A. as “an uncaring cartel that takes care of its own” and added, “This whole notion of protecting amateurism — that's a farce.”
Berman is a former soccer goalkeeper at Michigan , despite his modest height of 5 feet 9 ½ inches. He attributed his ability to block shots to being smart and knowing the angles, and he says he has an affinity with Owens, who volunteers that he has a “little man complex,” trying to prove himself in a big man's world.
Owens also acknowledges that he is fortunate in that he and his two sisters are part of a comfortable family in Russellville, Ark. His mother, Teresa Owens, was a point guard in college, which shows in her minute-by-minute vigilance in his recovery. His father, Lee Owens, was a star college baseball player, and Derek ruefully admits he probably should have concentrated on that sport, saying, “I was the ideal size for a middle infielder.” He readily identifies himself as a Southerner who loves hunting and the outdoors, and he sticks to his causes, including the sport of the South.
“I was a big-play guy,” Derek Owens said of his outstanding high school career, sounding matter of fact, not boastful. “We'd get in the huddle and I'd say, ‘Get me the ball and I'll make a play.' ” He recalls a third-down-and-35 that he converted by being inventive after making the catch.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
He said he had two concussions in high school but went back in when he felt better. In the summer of 2008, he reported to workouts at Central Arkansas conducted by the players. “They said it was optional, but everybody knew it wasn't,” he said. In a simple passing drill, without pads or helmets, he collided with a larger teammate and was so stunned that he had to give up the so-called optional drills. He said no trainer was present, and the university had not given any instructions about potential concussions or other injuries.
When the actual camp began, Owens was feeling better. He dressed for the first game but did not play, and in midweek he collided with a large linebacker and went down again. He was driven to his apartment, and he said the solicitous team trainer told a roommate to wake Owens every few hours to make sure he was all right.
Teresa Owens said she never would have known her son was injured if she had not sent him a text message. When he responded with gibberish, she drove the 45 minutes to campus and found him bedridden, in a fog. The school decided to give him redshirt status, to hold him out for the season, but he said there was never any discussion of potential lingering conditions.
He had signed an official N.C.A.A. form agreeing to report any injuries so they could be treated. (The athletic director, Brad Teague, said the university declined to comment on the suit.)
‘Wom-Wom-Wom'
Owens played in 2009, mostly as a spare receiver and punt returner and holder for placements. Early in 2010, the Tulsa long snapper raced downfield and nailed Owens, later professing regret that Owens's helmet did not come flying off — a sure ticket to prominence in the brave new world of YouTube, in which others' pain or embarrassment becomes instant entertainment for the masses.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Although Owens jogged off the field, he said his head went “wom-wom-wom” when he removed his helmet. In the bus heading back to campus, he began to feel sick. Afterward, he said, he could not concentrate in class, but he managed to play all 11 games that season.
Photo
By the spring of 2011, Owens was failing and dropping courses he had previously aced. He began using alcohol and marijuana for the first time — to dull the pain, he said.
Owens claimed he was unaware of the growing public evidence of long-term dementia suffered by former N.F.L. players like John Mackey and Dave Duerson, who recently committed suicide by shooting himself in the chest and willed his intact brain for an autopsy (which showed trauma-induced disease).
But the rising evidence of brain damage has led to public dialogue, including a symposium on concussions Nov. 16, sponsored by the New York University School of Continuing and Professional Studies and the N.Y.U. Langone Medical Center.
One of the major themes, said Robert Boland, an associate professor and panelist, was whether football or any sport “with so much collision and contact” could survive, as “acceptably safe.” The quandary, Boland added, is that college players are demonstrably bigger, faster and more lethal than a generation or two ago, but treatment is also likely to be better at the so-called programs than at smaller rural high schools.
Last August, the Owens family decided to spend $1,500 for testing by Dan Johnson, a clinical neuropsychologist in Jonesboro, Ark. The report, made available by Owens, noted his above-average mental skills but added, “He is likely experiencing postconcussive syndrome symptoms, which are adversely affecting his cognition in several key ways as well as emotional/behavioral status.”
The report praised Owens's decision to give up contact sports. A medical doctor subsequently put Owens on two medications, which have alleviated headaches and reduced depression and anxiety.
Feeling badly about slumping as a student and no longer being a player, Owens took off the fall semester. He went to work at a dude ranch in Colorado and, while escorting a group of lawyers on a riding trail, had a conversation with Elizabeth A. Fegan of Chicago , a colleague of Berman's. As his mood improved, Owens was willing to be part of a class-action suit.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Push for Follow-Up Care
Berman said he wanted to force the N.C.A.A. to arrange insurance that would provide for training and evaluation for players and follow-up care for former athletes.
“The goal of the lawsuit is to force the N.C.A.A. to take this seriously, so that they are really policing and making the effort that is required to prevent these injuries,” Berman said. The suit alleges that the N.C.A.A. makes an annual profit of $750 million, and that top schools make fortunes from television contracts. Berman said the profit could pay for improved medical care: “And it could be that when they are hurt economically, that's what it will take to take these injuries seriously.”
Recalling his own college career as a soccer goalkeeper, Berman said it was unrealistic to expect athletes to monitor their own injuries, particularly involving concussions.
“You know you can get hurt, but you think you're invincible,” he said. “You never think about the cost of an injury, who's going to bear those costs.” Berman added, “If you break an arm, you break an arm.” But with a concussion, “a lot of these times, it comes and goes and you don't really know you've hurt yourself.”
Berman described the series of concussions sustained by Owens: “He's a very bright kid, but he was clueless. If the N.C.A.A. was doing its job, he should not have been clueless. “
There is considerable evidence that all levels of organized football have paid more attention to brain injuries in recent years, as evidence began to accumulate about concussions and continuing damage to former players. The N.C.A.A. has a relationship with the Matthew Gfeller Sport-Related Traumatic Brain Injury Research Center at the University of North Carolina , which recommends a seven-day shutdown for players with concussions. After studies indicated that a majority of concussions took place in practice, the Ivy League cut back contact practices to two a week.
The 2011-12 N.C.A.A. Sports Medicine Handbook devotes four pages (pp. 53-56) to brain concussions, including symptoms, and it lists a revised 2010 “management plan” for all athletes showing signs of concussion. But the Owens suit insists the N.C.A.A. guidelines of the time did not prepare him for how he would feel after repeated concussions.
“I consider myself lucky,” Owens said. “I'm not drooling . I can perform daily tasks.” As he gears up to return to class next semester, he said he could feel a “night-and-day difference.” He said his headaches, depression and anxiety had gone down in recent weeks, but his mother and his girlfriend, Shelby Twedt, said he still had his down moments.
Owens loves his sport and his college. But he said he would be happier if people could pursue football and other contact sports — even field punts — and be better prepared, and treated for whatever comes crashing down on them.
Q. Who first used the word “finest” as a nickname for the New York police, as well as “bravest” for firefighters, “strongest” for sanitation workers and “boldest” for correction officers?
A. The nicknames for the Police and Fire Departments originated around the Civil War, derived from phrases already in use to praise the valor of soldiers. The other two terms are of more recent vintage.
The firefighters' nickname most likely came from the term “the bravest of the brave.” An early mention of this phrase appeared in The New York Times on Aug. 27, 1862; it was used in a toast to Firefighter John Downey, a Union captain who had been a prisoner of war in Richmond, Va.
During the draft riots the next July, the newspaper described Fire Chief John Decker as “one of the bravest among the brave.”
You've probably played or at least heard of the Call of Duty franchise. (If you haven't, time to come out from under the rock you've been hiding under and go take a look at it). The latest iteration of the series, titled “Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare” puts the player in the year 2054, in the boots of Private Jack Mitchell of the United States Marine Corps.
As the story progresses, you find yourself with a number of technologically advanced weaponry and tools at your disposal, most of them straight from the pages of some not-too-distant novel. Therein lies the question: how close are we to this stuff??
Exoskeletons
Advanced Warfare's exoskeletons function like a cross between Iron Man's suit and Matt Damon's exo in Elysium. Apart from packing a mean left hook and punch, it also allows you to leap over small distances, tear doors off their hinges and cause all kinds of trouble.
While being a far cry from the suits we have today, the exoskeleton has been in the works for decades. The US Military, along with several private sector companies have been working on methods to improve a soldier's effectiveness on the battlefield by giving them more speed, stamina and strength.
Thus far we've seen many prototypes, probably the most viable being TALOS – The Tactical Assault Light Operator Suit. It has one purpose; to boost the effective strength and endurance of special forces personnel, in order to offset the increased weight of additional body armor. Basically float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
The XOS 2 Exoskeleton is another suit worth mentioning. Built by Raytheon, the suit is developed explicitly for the US Army. Initially demonstrated in September 2010 at their research facility in Salt Lake City Utah, the XOS 2 effectively increases the human strength, agility and endurance capabilities of the wearer via high-pressure hydraulics, giving him/her the ability to lift objects at a ratio of 17:1 (actual weight to perceived weight). This further allows lifting of heavy loads repeatedly, without worry of exhaustion and/or injury.
FORTIS, developed by Lockheed Martin, is another example of Exoskeletons. Rather than to be sent out into the heat of battle, FORTIS allows the wearer to carry more equipment and work longer by transferring the weight they are carrying directly to the ground through a series of braces that wrap around an operator's arms, legs and back. Think of it as the handyman's suit.
In Advanced Warfare though, the player's suit is able to make you faster for a short time, increase your health temporarily, spawns a shield in front of you, make you invisible and even let you hover in the the air. Judging by the fact that exoskeletons available at present weigh several hundreds of pounds and moving in them is akin to snail pace, there's still a long way ahead to go.
Handheld Ray Guns
If you're a Looney tunes fan, you would have probably seen Marvin the Martian wielding a weapon he calls the “Illudium Q-36 Explosive Space Modulator” and threatening to obliterate the Earth. While it rarely seems to work for him, it does get us thinking, do such things exist?
In Advanced Warfare however, these things DO exist and you even have the pleasure of using it. Whilst not having a catchy name as Marvin the Martian's weapon of choice, the EM1 Quantum Directed Energy Weapon and the plasma shooting EPM3 effectively destroy anything in its path. Obviously, to power something like that, you need battery, and lots of it. This is the achilles heel to DEWs. They burn through batteries faster than Roadrunner and Speedy Gonzales combined, making them useless on the battlefield.
In real life, US Navy has their Railgun. Utilizing the Lorentz Force, the weapon can launch a projectile that can exceed Mach 7. It is the favored choice of the US Navy as it has a range of around 100 miles and doesn't include an explosive warhead. It is also unbelievably cheaper, with a single 18-inch projectile costing around $25,000 (when compared to a regular missile which can cost anywhere between $500,000 and $1.5 Million).
By and large, a DEW requires a lot – and I mean a LOT – of power. Not to mention taking up a considerable chunk of space and weight. Even in game, the EM1 and EPM3 seemingly never run out of ammo, but do overheat requiring them to be fired in short bursts. Despite the advancements in technology at present, this kind of ray gun is still more in the real of of Star Trek and Unreal Tournament.
3D Printed Bullets
The game's IMR is is a four-round burst assault rifle with a twist: instead of reloading ammunition, the gun literally prints 3D bullets and feeds it into the firing chamber of the gun. This would be a god send – if it were actually true. Imagine the soldier in the heat of war, running out of ammo. Pop in an IMR and he's virtually guaranteed to never run out of ammo.
Unfortunately, real life brings problems – raw materials, power sources being a few of them. Sure 3D printing is all the rage these days, but the tech is still far, far behind.
Augmented Reality
If there's one thing we've seen (pun intended) from futuristic shooter games, it's the HUD. The Heads-Up Display is what give the player (in game) and the soldier (in actual battle) the information needed to make split second decisions. Although having an ammo counter and a reload weapon prompt in real life seems a tad redundant, there's plenty of technology headed this far. Forget everything else: look at the possible ramifications of Sony's SmartEyeGlass embedded in a gas-mask-like helmet for soldiers. Most of the tech needed for a (reasonable) HUD is there – it's now a question of bringing everything together into a package that can survive the battlefield.
Fact or Fiction?
I would say that with the exception of the exo-skeleton, Advanced Warfare does indeed present the player with more fiction than fact. How much of this fiction can become fact in the next 40 years is yet to be seen – after all, not so long ago, people considered a moon landing impossible.
Have an idea, suggestion of possible tech that we've missed? We'd love to hear from you.
CHENNAI: Election Commission officials sealed the offices of four IT companies in Chennai and sent their employees out on Thursday as the functioned despite authorities declaring a general holiday for all offices, commercial establishments, IT companies, theatres, hotels and others.According to reports, more than 3,000 workers in these well-known IT companies reported for duty in the morning and were in the office when EC officials swooped on them and sent them out.The four companies have been sealed and a first information report has been filed against them.Following orders from the Election Commission, the chief electoral officer had issued statements asking all establishments to declare a general holiday.At another IT company in the city, employees were seen leaving the premises through front entrance while many were entering the building through the back entrance, apparently to work. Company officials justified keeping the office open stating that it carries out 24x7 operations and cannot be shutdown.On Wednesday, the labour commissioner issued a press release ordering all the establishments in the state to close for a day to enable the employees to vote.
Ontario will freeze wages for 1.2 million public servants in an austerity budget that could trigger an election as early as May. But with the Progressive Conservatives threatening to defeat the spending plan and the New Democrats on the fence, Ontario could be plunged into another election just six months after October's vote.
Finance Minister Dwight Duncan said teachers, doctors, nurses, hospital workers and others on the public payroll will just have to make do as the province struggles with a deficit next year of $15.2 billion. ( Steve Russell / TORONTO STAR )
Against that backdrop of brinksmanship, Finance Minister Dwight Duncan said teachers, doctors, nurses, hospital workers and others on the public payroll will just have to make do as the province struggles with a deficit next year of $15.2 billion. “If Ontario does not take strong action, the deficit will grow, which would mean unsustainable levels of debt,” Duncan said as he tabled his $126.4 billion plan, the largest ever. While the Tories urged a mandated wage freeze, the Liberals have resisted, concerned a 2005 Supreme Court of Canada decision on B.C. health workers would render it unconstitutional.
Article Continued Below
In the 2010 budget, the Liberals tried to skirt that by calling for a voluntary freeze, which met with little success. But now, Duncan says, the government will legislate a wage freeze in 4,000 different labour agreements if it cannot be negotiated. “Bargaining in good faith is not only the right choice to make, the Supreme Court of Canada requires it,” the finance minister said, emphasizing the goal is “not about demonizing teachers or nurses.” “Where agreements cannot be reached that are consistent with the government's plan to balance the budget . . . we are prepared to propose necessary administrative and legislative measures to protect the public from service disruptions — and also to protect jobs for teachers, education staff, and health-care workers,” he said. Still, it upset union leaders like Fred Hahn, president of the 200,000-member CUPE Ontario, who predicted “protests at Queen's Park” and political pressure on Liberal MPPs.
With an overall provincial debt of $260.4 billion that costs about $10 billion in annual interest payments, Duncan insisted he has little choice but to act. That's why Tuesday's budget, entitled, “Strong Action for Ontario,” included a 50-page booklet detailing all of the cuts in various programs to assure credit-rating agencies that belt-tightening is being taken seriously.
Article Continued Below
A credit downgrade would raise the cost of borrowing. In all, the government hopes to cut spending growth and contain costs by $17.7 billion over the next three years. Despite the dire fiscal circumstances, taxes are not going up, though a planned reduction in corporate income tax rates from 11.5 per cent to 10 per cent in July 2013 will be delayed until the books are balanced in 2017-18. The budget uses as its blueprint economist Don Drummond's Feb. 15 report on cutting the size and scope of government. Drummond had advised the Liberals to keep spending increases to 0.8 per cent and health to 2.5 per cent over the next five years. The Liberals' budget will restrict overall hikes to 0.9 per cent and health to 2.1 per cent. Beyond wage restraint, public servants face reduced pension payouts — or higher contributions — thanks to planned changes designed to save billions. With two-thirds of Ontarians not receiving a taxpayer-subsidized pension, the Liberals, who have rewarded public servants with lucrative settlements for most of the past eight years, hope a vast swath of voters will be sympathetic to their curbs. But it remains to be seen whether the Liberals can garner the necessary opposition support for the budget to avoid an election. The earliest the government could fall in the Legislature would likely be April 26, meaning an election on May 24 or May 31. Progressive Conservative Leader Tim Hudak derided the budget as “a weak and disappointing response to Ontario's jobs and spending crisis.” “The PC Party cannot support this budget,” said Hudak, whose party still owes $6.2 million from the last election compared to about $3 million in debt apiece for the Liberals and New Democrats. “All my members will be there to vote against it,” he vowed. In the 107-member House, there are 52 Liberals (excluding Speaker Dave Levac), 37 Tories, and 17 New Democrats. But a cautious NDP Leader Andrea Horwath said her caucus would have a “serious conversation” with Ontarians before determining their course of action. While she blasted Hudak's instant dismissal of Duncan's budget as “a failure to make minority government work,” she was coy about her plans.
Read more about:
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 29, 2013, 7:20 PM GMT By Megan Gannon
Europe's huge robotic resupply vehicle, dubbed Albert Einstein, was cast off the International Space Station on Monday after completing its delivery mission to the orbiting lab.
The Albert Einstein space cargo ship was the fourth of five Automated Transfer Vehicles, or ATVs, developed by the Europe Space Agency (ESA). The spacecraft undocked at 4:55am EDT as the space station was orbiting about 260 miles above Kazakhstan, video from the ATV-4's departure shows.
About the size of a double-decker bus, the ATV is the biggest vehicle in the space station's resupply fleet. In another record-breaking move, the unmanned vehicle left the space station on Monday with the biggest-ever load of trash — 4,761 pounds (2160 kg) of it — NASA and ESA officials said. ['Albert Einstein' Photos from Space: Europe's ATV-4 Cargo Ship Mission]
When ATV-4 launched from Europe's spaceport in French Guiana on June 5, it was the heaviest payload ever carried by an Ariane rocket. Named after the the famed theoretical physicist, it delivered a record amount of cargo to the space station, ferrying more than 7 tons (6.3 metric tons) of food, supplies, fuel and experiments.
In a goofy photo, the six astronauts on board the space station pay tribute to the departure of their resupply ship named after Albert Einstein. Luca Parmitano (via Twitter as @astro_luca
ATV-4 will orbit Earth for a few days and then on Saturday it will fire its engines to descend the Earth's atmosphere and burn up over an uninhabited area of the southern Pacific Ocean.
The space freighter's departure makes room for the arrival of a manned Soyuz capsule on Nov. 7 carrying three new crew members: NASA astronaut Rick Mastracchio, Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency astronaut Koichi Wakata and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Tyurin.
For a few days, nine astronauts will live and work aboard the orbiting lab. On Nov. 10, Italian astronaut Luca Parmitano, NASA astronaut Karen Nyberg, and cosmonaut Fyodor Yurchikhin will return to Earth aboard their Soyuz.
To honor Albert Einstein's departure, all six astronauts currently on board the space station posed for an Albert Einstein-esque group photo, sticking out their tongues in a tribute to one of the most famous pictures of the scientist ever taken. Parmitano posted the image on Twitter and his Facebook page.
The first ATV, named after adventure novelist Jules Verne, flew to the space station in 2008. The next and final ATV is named for Belgian priest and cosmologist Georges Lemaître and it is scheduled to launch in mid-2014 for a six-month mission at the station.
Follow Megan Gannon on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @SPACEdotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
KINLOCH, Mo. (AP) - Incoming Kinloch Mayor Betty McCray arrived at City Hall Thursday only to have the city attorney attempt to serve her with impeachment papers.
According to documents obtained by the St. Louis Post-Dispatch (https://bit.ly/1z0WZo1 ) through a records request, the city has raised concerns to the St. Louis County Board of Elections and the Missouri Secretary of State about people being registered to vote in Kinloch who no longer live there. On April 2, the city gave the election board a list of 27 names of people who it claimed were illegally registered.
McCray had defeated Mayor Darren Small on April 7 with 38 votes to his 18. Another candidate, Theda Wilson, received two votes.
City Attorney James Robinson said the Board of Aldermen voted to suspend McCray on Monday. He served McCray with impeachment charges Thursday when she attempted to enter City Hall. Robinson also told Alderman Eric Petty, an ally of McCray's, that the board had drafted articles of impeachment against him.
“You may be the attorney now, but I promise you, you won't be later,” McCray said as she refused to accept the impeachment papers.
The new mayor also called the voter fraud allegations “absurd.”
“It never came up until I ran for mayor,” McCray said, adding that people were still living at the addresses the city claims are empty. McCray is currently seeking legal representation to address the impeachment charges.
County Republican Election Director Gary Fuhr has responded to the city's complaints by sending canvassers to verify that voters were registered to correct addresses. He declined to say what canvassers found.
Kinloch once thrived with more than 10,000 residents, but saw its share of decline in the 1980s. Today, Kinloch has fewer than 300 residents.
The city has weathered much political misfortune in the last five years, including the imprisonment of a former mayor on federal fraud and theft charges and the hiring of a convicted felon as city manager.
___
Information from: St. Louis Post-Dispatch, https://www.stltoday.com
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
Today we'll be learning how to create a vector light bulb icon with the free, open source vector program Inkscape. We'll be following a Tango style of design for this project. Read on to learn more about the Tango Desktop Project and to learn how to create this icon.
Republished Tutorial Every few weeks, we revisit some of our reader's favorite posts from throughout the history of the site. This tutorial was first published in February of 2009.
Final Image Preview
Below is the final image we will be working towards. Want access to the full Vector Source files and downloadable copies of every tutorial, including this one? Join VECTORTUTS PLUS for just 9/month.
Tango Desktop Project
The Tango Desktop Project is a set of guidelines that icon creators can use to make a consistent appearance in their icons. It's most famously displayed in Linux distributions, but you might also notice it in standalone applications, such as GIMP. Below, is a sample of the official Tango icons. We'll be replicating this look.
Step 1
Create a new 48px by 48px canvas. By default Inkscape has a few undesirable settings for creating icons. Go to the Document Properties dialog window and select the Snap tab. Uncheck the box next to Enable snapping. Throughout this tutorial you'll need to occasionally use a grid to align the shapes to the canvas. To enable the Grid select the menu item View > Grid (#). I used a grey background in this tutorial to make things show up more.
Step 2
Now create a small circle near the top of the canvas and center it. It doesn't have to be perfect, you can adjust it later. Note how it fits nicely between the grid lines. Convert the circle to a path by selecting it then going to Path > Object to Path (Shift + Ctrl + C).
Step 3
Next we'll create the bottom part of the glass bulb that slopes into the metal socket. It may be beneficial to use a reference image for this next step. Below is a generic light bulb image from sxc.hu.
To create the curved bottom path, select the Bezier Curves tool (Shift + F6) and trace or create a path similar to the one pictured below by adjusting the various nodes.
Step 4
Combine the circle created earlier and the new path by holding down Shift and clicking on the objects individually. Next, click the menu item Path > Combine (Ctrl + K). The two objects are now combined into one and should look the same as the image below while in Edit Paths mode (F2).
Pay attention to the two yellow diamonds selected above. We're going to make intersections in the circle near these two points. Make the intersections by double-clicking above the two yellow diamonds on the border of the circle. Two new nodes should appear where you double-clicked.
Select the square node at the very bottom of the circle and press the Delete key. The path will be changed slightly and the two yellow squares we made earlier should turn into diamonds. Select these two diamond nodes and remove the path connecting them using the Split Paths tool in your toolbar.
The result is a light bulb shape with two gaps in the middle.
Combine the almost-circle with the bottom path by selecting one end of the circle along with one end of the bottom path. Clicking Join selected endnodes in the Edit nodes toolbar and the two points should fuse together.
Do the same for the opposite side.
Step 5
Now it's time to add a little color. I used a custom color palette as shown below (.pl included in the VECTORTUTS PLUS source files). It's also shown below.
Select the light bulb shape and bring up the Fill and Stroke window (Shift + Ctrl + F). Select Stroke paint and then linear gradient. A simple black to transparent gradient should show up as the border of the bulb. We're going to change these colors. Select Edit... and change the two stop colors. I used 729fcfff as my first and 3465a4ff as my second, darker color.
Change the direction of the gradient path by going into Edit Paths mode (F2) and dragging the square point of the gradient line to the upper left hand corner of the light bulb. Then drag the circle end to the lower right hand corner. This is to create a consistent light source in the icon.
Next up is the Fill. Keep the Fill and Stroke window open and click the Fill tab and select Radial gradient. I used ffffff56 as my inner color and 729fcfe3 for my outer color. You may notice both color are slightly transparent. This is to give the illusion that the light bulb is made of a translucent material.
Step 6
Select the outline, copy it (Ctrl + C) and paste it onto the same location (Ctrl + Alt + V). This is going to be the trademark inner highlight found in most Tango-styled icons. Delete the fill of the copied outline and change the stroke to pure white. This will make it more recognizable.
Adjust the white stroke so it fits snugly on the inside of the blue outline. Remember to keep the shape and 1px border. It will probably be necessary to manual move the nodes around to achieve a perfect fit.
Bring up the Fill and Strokes dialog again and in the Stroke tab select a linear gradient. The white to transparent gradient colors that appear by default will work fine; so there's no need to change them. We do want to change the angle of the gradient though, because our light source is in the upper left-hand corner of the image. If the light source is in the upper left corner, the brightest spot on the object should also be in the upper left corner.
Adjust the overall opacity of the white outline to 75%.
Step 7
Time to create the filament. Draw two lines near the middle of the bulb with the Bezier Curves tool. Angle them towards the middle creating a V shape, then give each a gradient stroke. I used 9927aff to ffffffff. The lighter color is on top because this is where the filament is burning and giving off bright light.
Refer to the reference bulb earlier in the post and you'll notice the actual filament is the material between these two wires. Since a 48px by 48px icon doesn't need too much detail we can simulate a coil by making a wavy line. So once again select the Bezier curves tool and draw four points between the V lines created earlier. Then drag the lines connecting each point downwards so we have three shallow bowls connected together.
Make a new three-sided rectangle in the bottom part of the bulb with the Bezier Curves tool. The rectangle only needs a top, left, and right side; leave the bottom open. Then drag the middle of the top segment upwards to make a small arc. This object will be a small piece of glass inside the bulb that the filament is wired into.
Open the Fill and Strokes dialog and give the new path a stroke color of d0bfacff. Then select the Fill tab and give it a Linear Gradient going from ffffffff to ffffff00 (white to white-transparent). Change the repeat drop-down menu to Reflected. Reflected means the gradient is displayed twice. Once on the left side of the square end, and reflected on the right. I positioned the square point near the middle to look like there is a reflection in the glass. Also, change the overall Opacity to about 50%.
Step 8
Select the original blue outline we drew for the light bulb in Step 1. It should be the bottom layer of your image. Copy (Ctrl + C) and Paste it into place (Ctrl + Alt + V). Remove the stroke. Then give it a fill of ffc803ff. This is going to be a nice yellow glow resembling the color incandescent lights give off.
Lower the overall opacity of the object to 26% and lower it to the bottom of the image by pressing the End key.
Now to finish things up. Glass objects always reflect at least a small amount of light; spherical objects often have hot spots where a concentrated portion of light is being reflected off of. Create a circle, or more accurately an oval. Make the width slightly smaller than the length. Now rotate the oval by selecting it, and while having it selected click on it again. The arrows around the perimeter should change to rotational arrows. Click and hold one of the arrows in the corner and rotate the oval about 45° clockwise. Position the oval in the top left corner where the light source is the strongest. Then lower the Opacity to 37%.
Step 9
The final part of the light bulb is the metal connector that screws into a light socket. Create a rectangle connected to the bottom of the glass light bulb we just created. Then convert the shape to a path by going to the menu item Path > Object to Path (Shift + Ctrl + C). This makes the shape editable.
Drag the top of the rectangle upwards to resemble an upside down bowl and the bottom of the rectangle downwards. We're going for a 3D cylinder look.
Add two more equidistant nodes on the left side of the cylinder by double-clicking where you want the nodes placed. Do the same for the right side, only place them between the nodes on the right starting from the top. By mentally connecting the dots from left to right it should resemble a zig-zag pattern. I added an overlay to help visualize the pattern.
We're doing this to create the screw shape of the light bulb. Arrange the nodes by moving and extruding them till they resemble the image below.
Give the screw shape a Stroke color of d59600ff. Copy and Paste into place (Ctrl + Alt + V) a new screw. Remove the stroke from the new screw shape and add a linear gradient Fill with the colors ffd543ff and ffeca9ff. Remember to change the Repeat to Reflected to get the shine near the middle of the screw.
The new screw with the fill should be slightly smaller than the screw below it. Resize the newly created Fill object till the border of the object behind it is completely visible, similar to the process in Step 5. We're doing this to make the corners of the border appear sharper.
Now move the two screw objects to the bottom of the image by selecting them both and pressing the End key. Next draw the wedges/teeth/edges of the screw. This is a very subtle effect and we don't need a big object to do this. Select the Bezier Curves tool and make an object similar to the one below. The fill color is d59600ff.
Duplicate the object and move it down beneath the original.
Now to add a few final touches. Make two connected points with the Bezier Curves tool in the shape of a bowl. Fill it with the color d0bfacff and a stroke of 5a5249ff and lower it to the bottom of the image with the End key.
Draw an oval at the very bottom of the image. Make it about six times as wide as tall. Open the Fill and Strokes window and Fill it with black (000000ff).
Then select a Radial gradient for the fill. Lower the overall Opacity to 30% and move the oval to the bottom of the image. This is the shadow cast by the light bulb.
Final Image
Congratulations, you're all done! I hope you enjoyed creating this!
Subscribe to the VECTORTUTS RSS Feed to stay up to date with the latest vector tutorials and articles.
MCG ODI: Maxi magic seals series for Australia
Nathan Lyon has been recalled to Australia's ODI squad for the final two matches of the VB Series against India, with David Warner also returning after parental leave.
Lyon hasn't represented Australia in 50-over cricket since Australia's tour of the UAE to play Pakistan in October 2014, but the off-spinner has constantly stated his ambition to play all three forms of the game for his country.
Quick Single: Australia name 'wild' T20 squad
As well as coming into his own as a Test player, Lyon was outstanding with the white ball in his limited opportunities for the beleaguered Sydney Sixers this summer, taking 5-23 against the Hobart Hurricanes.
In the Matador One-Day Cup last October, the 28-year-old took eight wickets at 30 in seven outings, conceding five runs an over.
CA's National Selector Rod Marsh said: "We are delighted to welcome back David Warner for the remaining matches of the Victoria Bitter ODI Series following his absence on paternity leave for games two and three.
WATCH: Rod Marsh's T20 and ODI selection press conference in full
"Our choice of Nathan Lyon comes off the back of good form in the KFC BBL and we decided the time is right to have another look at him in the shorter forms of the game.
"Both Usman Khawaja and Joel Paris now become available for their BBL clubs. We have told them to go back to those clubs and demand we select them again through outstanding performances."
Warner returns to the side after missing the second and third matches of the series due to the birth of his second child.
Quick Single: Big Bash finals ins and outs
Joel Paris and Usman Khawaja make way for the pair, with the former to return to the Perth Scorchers for their KFC Big Bash final against Melbourne Stars on Friday night, and the latter hoping the Thunder claim fourth place so he can take on the Strikers on Thursday night in Adelaide.
Players selected for matches four and five of the ODI series will not be available to their BBL clubs for the remainder of BBL|05.
Australia: Steve Smith (c), Aaron Finch, David Warner, George Bailey, Glenn Maxwell, Mitchell Marsh, Matthew Wade, James Faulkner, John Hastings, Scott Boland, Kane Richardson, Nathan Lyon, Shaun Marsh.
Expecting the health care summit to be a spectacle and political theater, Jon Stewart (who described himself as "bipartisan-curious') was surprised last night to find that the discussion more closely resembled "the most boring seder [he's] ever seen." But that wasn't necessarily a bad thing.
After mocking Republicans for showing up for a discussion yet clamoring for scrapping the bill, Stewart began to change his tune when noticing signs of progress. Sending him into a giddy celebration: an agreement between Tom "killing abortion doctors might not be such a terrible idea" Coburn and Charles "If I was any more liberal and Jewish I'd have tits and be Barbara Streisand" Schumer.
Stewart's excitement couldn't even be subdued by minority whip Eric Cantor, who still seemed intent on killing the bill and limiting government. Why? Because Obama stepped it up and put him in his place. Said Stewart: "You see how fast Obama took him down? That sh-t was Jedi!"
In the end, Stewart was encouraged by the progress and not even the skepticism from other media outlets (who "suck") could bring him down.
The parliamentary election for the 9th Islamic Consultative Assembly, or Majlis, were held in Iran on Friday, 2 March 2012 with a second round on 4 May 2012 in those 65 districts where no candidate received 25% or more of the votes cast. More than 5,000 candidates registered but more than a third were disqualified[9] by the Guardian Council leaving about 3,400 candidates to run for the 290 seat representing the 31 provinces.
The election has been described by journalists and analysts "as a contest between" Iran's Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei and president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad,[9] with Khamenei supporters winning a large majority of seats.[10] Iranian officials and state media have described the election as a sign of Iranians' trust in the Islamic Republic and a message to the West rejecting pressure over Iran's nuclear program.[10][11] Although no final election turnout figures were released,[11] state media emphasized that voter turnout was high.[11]
The parliament has "no direct control over key foreign and security policy matters" but some influence over those policies and coming elections.[11] In the wake of the crushing of reformist protest against the 2009 election results, few if any reformist candidates were allowed by the Guardian Council to run.[12] The new parliament was opened on 27 May 2012.
Background [ edit ]
After two consecutive wins in 2004 and 2008, the governing conservatives are hoping to secure yet another majority in the parliament.
Events since the 2008 election [ edit ]
The 2008 election saw a majority win for the conservatives and supporters of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad but in the last years of the parliament, It was a despite with the president and the parliament, major in the budget approval. The parliament elected Ali Larijani, a former opponent of Ahmadinejad in the 2005 presidential election as the chairman. The first disagreement with the government was the vote of no confidence and dismissal of then Interior Minister, Ali Kordan, just three months after the opening of the new parliament. The presidential election was held in June 2009 in which Ahmadinejad was re-elected as the president. This was very despite with the results. Opposition repudiated the result and claimed that there was fraud in the election. The inauguration ceremony, held in parliament on 5 August 2009, was not attended by more than 60 of the 290 members of Parliament. Parliament also rejected three of the introduced ministers of Ahmadinejad's second cabinet.
Electoral system [ edit ]
The registration of candidates was handled by the Interior Ministry and candidates are vetted by the Guardian Council.[12]
Since 2007, Iran has been divided into 207 electoral districts. These districts are roughly based on geography, but shaped according to the number of voters so that each district holds roughly the same number of registered voters. 202 districts are Muslim majority and 5 districts belong to the recognized religious minorities. Therefore, these districts do not correspond to the borders of top administrative divisions within Iran and each district contains one or more or parts of several provinces of Iran. The legal term of the parliament is four years. The elections must be held before the dissolution of the parliament. The new members must be sworn three months after their elections in the first day of opening of the parliament. The speaker and deputy speakers are elected in the opening day. In the time of war and military occupation, after the proposal of the president and approval of three-fourths of the members of the parliament and approval of the Guardian Council, elections can be postponed in the occupied areas or the entire country for a certain period.
If in a district, no one can earn ¼ of the votes, a second round election will be held after four weeks. If an elected MP dies, resigns or leaves office for other reasons, Ministry of the Interior must hold the election in her/his districts in less than seven months. None of the candidates can nominate herself/himself in more than one district. If so, her/his candidacy will be canceled and they will be disenfranchised. Voting must be an official holiday.[13]
Qualifications [ edit ]
According to Iran's law, in order to qualify as a candidate one must:
Be an Iranian citizen
Have a master's degree (unless being an incumbent)
Be a supporter of the Islamic Republic, pledging loyalty to constitution
Be a practicing Muslim (unless running to represent one of the religious minorities in Iran)
Not have a "notorious reputation"
Be in good health, between the ages of 30 and 75.
Candidate will be disqualified if he/she is found to be mentally impaired, actively supporting the Shah or supporting political parties and organizations deemed illegal or been charged with anti-government activity, converted to another faith or has otherwise renounced the Islamic faith, have been found guilty of corruption, treason, fraud, bribery, is an addict or trafficker or have been found guilty of violating Shariat law.
Campaign [ edit ]
The chief of the Council of Guardians, Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati, has said that reformists he labeled as traitors "need not participate." Former president Mohammad Khatami demanded that political prisoners be freed and that former presidential candidates Mir-Hossein Mousavi and Mahdi Karroubi be released from house arrest as a precondition for his movements participation. Since his call went unheeded Ali Mohammad-Gharibani, head of the Reformist Front Coordination Council, said: "Despite efforts...to create an appropriate election climate, unfortunately more restrictions have been imposed. Therefore, the council has decided that it won't issue any election list and won't support anyone."[12] The electoral campaign was started on 23 February and ended on 1 March. 48,288,799 million Iranian voters are eligible to cast their ballots.[14] Over 5,400 had registered to contest the 290 parliamentary seats. More than 47,000 polling stations will operate nationwide during the elections. Some 3.9 million people will cast their votes for the first time. According to Iran's Interior Ministry, the election process will be managed by some 850,000 observers in 47,000 polling stations and 1,000 constituencies across the country.
The ministry's elections headquarters will use an electronic system to oversee the entire electoral process. The system is expected to expedite elections procedures and enable the ministry to monitor the whole event more accurately.[15]
The registration ran from 24–30 January 2012. 5,405 people applied at the Interior Ministry to stand as candidates. These included 490 women. 1,006 applied in Tehran. North Khorasan Province had the smallest number with 39 people.[16] The number of applications was down from the 2008 parliamentary elections when 7,597 applied. According to Aljazeera commentators, the number of rejections—including 33 sitting members of parliament[17]—can be attributed primarily to stricter educational requirements, and the narrowing of what is considered politically acceptable by the Guardian Council.[18]
Beginning with the 2012 elections, candidates have to have at least a master's degree to stand for elections, not just a Bachelors as in earlier elections. In addition candidate hopefuls may have been disqualified for affiliation with leftist organisations, the reformist camp, or even President Ahmadinejad.[18]
Political parties and coalitions [ edit ]
According to Neil MacFarquhar of the New York Times, "there are no real political parties in Iran, only murky, shifting alliances of political figures,[10]" but according to Al Jazeera, the vote is a contest between the United Front of Principlists, who support Supreme Leader Khamenei, and the Front of Islamic Revolution Stability, which backs Ahmadinejad.[9]
Principlists [ edit ]
Reformists [ edit ]
The Council for coordinating the Reforms Front or simply "Reforms Front" (Persian: جبهه اصلاحات‎),[19] the highest decision-making body inside Iranian reform movement, called the elections 'illegal and unfair' and “decided not to present a unified list [of candidates] and not to support anyone [in the race].”[8] However, some member groups inside the council including Worker House and Democracy Party, and some individual reformists formed the "Reformists Front" (Persian: جبهه اصلاح‌طلبان‎)[19] led by Mostafa Kavakebian to compete in the elections. Some reformist groups like Assembly of Qom Seminary Scholars and Researchers, Association of Combatant Clerics and Islamic Iran Participation Front ruled out any cooperation with this group, and some labeled them as “fake reformists” (Persian: اصلاح‌طلبان بدلی‎).[20]
Results [ edit ]
IranPolitik
According to the IranPolitik, the results were:[21]
Principalist Unity Front: 65
Persevering Front of the Islamic Revolution: 22
Joint PUF/PFIR: 61
Democratic Front: 20
Independent Principalists: 17
Independents: 105
Mizan Online
According to Mizan Online, the official news agency of Iranian Judiciary, 182 were conservative, 13 were reformer and 88 were independent (excluding 5 religious minority members and 2 vacant seats).[22]
Seats won by major lists[22] List Shared Seats Total Seats UFP FIRS RFII RF PV UFP 36 52 28 2 2 +RFII 133 FIRS 52 18 13 +UFP N/A N/A 83 RFII 28 13 +UFP 18 9 2 +UFP 70 RF 2 N/A 9 13 1 25 PV 2 +RFII N/A 2 +UFP 1 1 4
Stratfor
According to Stratfor, the United Front of Conservatives and Stability Front won 98 and 43 seats respectively, while other political parties and independents took the rest.[23]
Bani Kamal (2013)
The affiliations of candidates are determined on the basis of the candidacy lists in which their names appeared. Given the overlap of candidacy lists, the share of each group might be claimed more or less than what is in the table, which shows the results out of 225 confirmed seats.
Analysis [ edit ]
The government hopes that the high turnout it claims will give it a boost. According to a statement issued on the Web site of the Foreign Ministry, by turning out in droves, Iranians
“especially in this sensitive historical era, have shown that, despite all of the conspiracies, pressures, and sanctions, and the bleak portrait painted by the media of global arrogance, they will continue defending independence and the national interest.”[10]
However, a foreign journalist, (Laura Secor), found a polling station in Tehran (Hosseiniyeh Ershad) where she had always seen long lines of voters in previous elections, nearly empty this year.[25]
Majid Zavari, a Tehran-based political analyst, said the economy and the persistent unemployment would be pivotal issues in the election: "From one end, Iranian society is facing high unemployment, particularly among educated youth who, despite university degrees, do not have decent living standards. This has increased discontent amongst people," Zavari told Al Jazeera.
According to analyst, Maryam Khatibi, "reformists are nowhere to be seen," in the election campaign. Nasser Karimi and Brian Murphy of the Associated Press see the election as divided between pro-Ahmadinejad conservatives and pro-Ali Khamenei conservatives.
Liberals, reformists and youth groups that led the protests are virtually absent from the parliamentary ballots after relentless crackdowns and arrests. Conservatives – now left without a unifying foe – have splintered into various factions either backing or rejecting Ahmadinejad for daring to challenge Khamenei and the ruling clerics.[26]
However, Mohammad Khatami — former president of the Islamic Republic and the "spiritual leader of the reformist movement" — who had urged Iranians not to vote, did end up voting March 2.[27]
Turnout [ edit ]
According to the official accounts, out of 48,288,799 eligible voters, 26,472,760 turned out.[1]
Notes [ edit ]
MEGADETH bassist David Ellefson took part in a question-and-answer session at this year's Comicpalooza international comic convention, which was held May 22-25 in Houston, Texas. You can now listen to the chat using the audio player below (courtesy of MSRcast). A couple of excerpts follow below (transcribed by BLABBERMOUTH.NET).
On MEGADETH's failed attempt to reunite the band's "Rust In Peace" lineup — featuring guitarist Marty Friedman and drummer Nick Menza — following last year's departures of Chris Broderick (guitar) and Shawn Drover (drums):
"Last year, MEGADETH went through a management change and a few different things. And a year off the road is a long time for a group. And not necessarily for the MEGADETH name, but.. Shawn Drover, our drummer, and Chris Broderick, our guitar player, were inspired to write some songs together. They'd actually asked me to be part of it with 'em. And it didn't ever, kind of, feel 'at home' to me. I mean, I didn't really wanna leave MEGADETH to go do it. But I'm always up for doing some things on the side… Shawn and Chris made the decision to leave. And so, of course, that leaves us looking at, 'What are we gonna do?' And now, the first thing fans said is, 'Oh my God! Get Nick Menza and Marty Friedman back. Do the 'Rust In Peace' reunion.' Blah blah blah. And I've gotta be honest with you: Dave [Mustaine, MEGADETH mainman] was completely receptive to any and all options — probably more than I've ever seen… absolutely more than I've ever seen him — ever. Ever. So he definitely should not ever be painted as a bad guy that that lineup [reunion] did not happen. He was as open to it… He called me… I was in South America, ironically, playing a show with Kiko [Loureiro], our new guitar player, on a 'Metal Allstars' tour. And it was Geoff Tate, myself… Kiko's band, ANGRA, was one of the support acts, and Kiko came up and played with me and Geoff Tate on some songs. And I looked at Kiko and I went, 'You know, if anything would ever happen, he might be a guy to keep his number, just in case MEGADETH ever needed a guitar player.'… So Dave called me, and he said, 'What do you think about Nick Menza? I'm getting some reports from some people I trust that we should consider maybe doing this reunion.' So we talked about it. And I've been friends with… I'm the one guy who's been friends with all the former MEGADETH members. And so I said, 'Well, listen, I think we should at least try it.' I said, 'Before we do anything, though, let's get in a room with Nick,' which we did — me and Dave and Nick, at Dave's studio in California. And I said, 'Let's try it. First and foremost, let's be musicians and see if you can play good together, and if we can play good together, let's see, then, if we even like each other.' Because that's another big part of being in a group together — hopefully you at least kind of, sort of can stand each other. And so we did. And we just realized… It's, like, we had a lot of laughs and it was fun, but I think Dave and I felt right away that musically… We weren't convinced that it was the next chapter of MEGADETH. And to go back and just do a cash grab, it would be short-lived, and I think our fans… Again, the transparency of the metal fans… They would know right away. And it's, like, you can never do things just for the money. You can do things that make you money, but you can never do it just for the money, when you're dealing with art and you're dealing with artistic things. You just can't do it. I mean, sequels of movies, right?! How many of those have we seen? And we know that there's a financial prize in that, but seldom are they ever as good as the first one. It's just hard to bring those things together, yet somehow in rock bands, people think, 'Just call the guys up and get 'em together and it'll be great, like it was in 1992.' But people move on, and people's playing styles change. Dave and I have been very blessed to play with, really, some of the best musicians in the world, both in metal and otherwise. And we had a meeting at NAMM in January, where we sat down with Marty and Nick and our manager [at the time]. And I've gotta be honest with you: Dave, again, was as open as he could have ever been having a reunion and trying to make it work. And, if anything, I was the 'bad cop' of that. I let Dave be the 'good cop' for a change. As partners, I thought, 'He always gets the bad rap. I'll be the guy, kind of, stirring the waters, and I'll let him be the good guy.' And we gave it every possible opportunity for it to work, and it just really… Dave and I walked out of that meeting [thinking], 'Yeah, I don't think it's gonna happen.' And we just really had to be honest with ourselves and preserve the name 'MEGADETH.' And also, MEGADETH doesn't… Our creative days are not over. I mean, we have still music in us. We're not just a nostalgia act to go play the hits of the glory days. We have a lot of music in us, so here we are with the new record."
On MEGADETH's forthcoming album:
"Chris Adler, from LAMB OF GOD, played on it, played drums, who's a total badass. And you're gonna hear Chris playing different on this new record than you would hear him in LAMB OF GOD. I talked to Chris. I said, 'This is gonna be an opportunity for you to broaden your horizons and be more than just who everyone knows you, doing the blast beats and your LAMB OF GOD thing.' So, musically, for him, I think it was a really good… a great season of maybe growing in some new directions with his drumming, which is great. And Kiko is really… I mean, I didn't realize back in November when I played with him… I knew he was good, but I didn't realize how great he is as a… not just a guitar player, but as a musician. I mean, this guy… he'll walk in a room and go, 'That's a G sharp.' I'm, like,' What are you talking about?' He'll go,' That note right there. In the middle of those 85 notes, that's a G sharp…' [And I'm, like] 'How did you…?' Me and Dave are, like, 'We hate him. This guy's too good. Get him out of here.' So, no… But Kiko is just a fantastic… And again, you wonder… We played with some great musicians. I mean, Marty Friedman, there's a reason why people like him in MEGADETH. He really brought a unique stamp to the sound. He changed the MEGADETH sound in a way that really improved it. And I was sitting there, going, 'How are we ever gonna get a guy that's gonna do something like that again?' And I've gotta be honest with you: I think Kiko is that guy."
On whom will play drums for MEGADETH when it's time to play shows again:
"Chris [Adler] is such a fan of MEGADETH. Chris playing with MEGADETH would be like me joining KISS. We're, like, his favorite band ever and the band that got him into music. I mean, he's so humbly appreciative of the opportunity and being part of this. And so, anyway, we've talked about shows coming up, [and] Chris was, like, 'Dude, I'll move anything I can anywhere to try to make it happen; I just wanna play with MEGADETH.' He may play one show with us and go, 'That's it. I'm done. I don't ever wanna do that again.' So we'll find out as it's coming up. But the goal is Chris would like to play with us as much as possible. And we are still looking to where is the best time to release this new [MEGADETH] record, so as we're looking at some dates coming up, they're not necessarily predicated on the new album being out. And I guess it's kind of cool thing with MEGADETH — we can play shows and not necessarily have to have a new album to go play those [dates]."
David Ellefson question-and-answer session from this year's Comicpalooza (audio):
Motorola is gearing up to launch a lot of new devices in the Z, X, E and the G series as revealed via the leaked presentation image. As you have read the title, we will be talking about one of the upcoming phones of the G series, the Moto G5S Plus. It is a new kind of naming style that the company is going to use and it seems Motorola became impressed by the naming of iPhones as 6, 6s, 6s Plus, etc. Anyways, we already know what's new in the G5S, and G5S Plus via the leaked press renders. The new phones will feature an all metal body, unlike the G5 and G5 Plus that have aluminum backplate surrounded by plastic. Today, we got a couple of real life shots of the upcoming Moto G5S Plus.
READ: This is the Moto G5S Family – Moto G5s & Moto G5s Plus
As the images above reveal, the phone runs on Android 7.1.1 Nougat out of the box and is having two months old March Security Patch. The Model number in Settings is written as Moto G (4) NZAE130706. The second image shows the back of the smartphone, and we can see that full metal back with the dual camera setup, just as the renders revealed. Below that is the traditional Motorola dimple that we missed on the Moto Z as well as on the Moto G5 and G5 Plus.
Previous leaks have confirmed that the phone runs on an Octa-core processor that could be the latest Snapdragon 660 and has 4GB of RAM. There is a 5.5-inch Full-HD display which is slightly bigger than the 5.2-inch display of the Moto G5 Plus. No just on the rear, but there is LED flash on the front also. So, what should be the price of the Moto G5s and Moto G5S Plus when they're launched? Do let us know your opinions in the comments section down below.
VIA ( CACHED PAGE)
People are still getting used to the notion that unlimited data plans are dead and gone for their smartphones. The option wasn't even offered for tablets. Now, we're beginning to see the eradication of the unlimited data plan in our broadband lines, such as cable and DSL connections. It's a dangerous trend that will threaten the budding Internet-based video business -- whether from Netflix, Hulu, iTunes, Windows Store, or Google Play -- then jeopardize Internet services of all sorts.
It's a complex issue, and though the villains are obvious -- the telecom carriers and cable providers -- the solutions are not. The result will be a metered Internet that discourages use of the services so valuable for work and play.
[ Is the traditional office doomed? Why it both is and isn't. | Subscribe to InfoWorld's Consumerization of IT newsletter today. | Get expert advice about planning and implementing your BYOD strategy with InfoWorld's updated, in-depth "Mobile and BYOD Deep Dive" PDF special report. ]
[ Get your websites up to speed with HTML5 today using the techniques in InfoWorld's HTML5 Deep Dive PDF how-to report. | Learn where HTML5 is headed next. ]
When AT&T broke from the pack and said it would end unlimited data plans for smartphone users, I understood and even supported the rationale: Bandwidth is limited, so giving everyone unfettered access would sap the capacity and let the most aggressive data hogs crowd out everyone else, destroying the value of cellular data.
I also knew that, for the carriers, bandwidth scarcity was an excuse to meter services and, in essence, raise the price of cellular connectivity, as well as favor their own services over those of other providers. However, it makes sense to not take limited resources like water or spectrum and open them up to unlimited use and, thus, waste.
How we got into this mess
Bear with me on the roots of the issue before I get to the coming Internet video crash -- the background will explain why there's no easy solution.
The wireless spectrum belongs to the people, not the carriers, and the federal government rents out the spectrum in exclusive bands in return for accepting regulations on how it's used. But the Federal Communications Commission has done a poor job of overseeing the carriers, which constantly lobby a Congress to which they donate much money. Their goal is to have the rules relaxed so that they can gouge customers at their pleasure. Like the financial service industry, the carriers have learned how to exploit a corrupt relationship with the government.
Still, a basic principle is enshrined in the law, no matter how weakly enforced, that restrains the highly profitable cellular carriers' worst instincts. Under President Barack Obama, the FCC finally started to do its job and block some egregious practices the carriers wanted to introduce, such as ending Net neutrality so that they could discriminate against competitors and steer us to services of their choosing. The FCC is now publicly musing about revisiting the issue of cellular data caps, which it supported a few years ago, as it sees what carriers have done with them.
That government counterweight is less available in the world of wired broadband, where there is no limited spectrum that justifies ownership by the government to ensure fair use. The broadband industry builds its own "spectrum" by adding more and more capacity in its cables and networks. Much of that infrastructure runs through public property, such as streets, but broadband carriers can add capacity theoretically forever. That's why the government has less power to stop egregious practices, even if wanted to. It doesn't, again thanks to carriers' lobbying power.
Tom Matlack on traveling, why opposites attract, and outrunning your DNA.
“We just got back from three months of driving a rented RV along the coast of Australia,” Ken said, eyes gleaming.
My eyes were trained on Cole, 5, as he jumped from one jagged, black volcanic rock to another with his new best friend, Matthew, just a few feet from the crashing Pacific waves.
“It was amazing,” added his wife, Gisela, a South African woman in her late 30s with a beautiful face and brazen crew cut.
Just before meeting our new best friends, my wife, Elena, and I had been sitting at the bar in Kona Village, a family resort on the big island in Hawaii, watching a mommy and baby humpback whale breach out in the Pacific Ocean.
After they arrived, Elena kept asking them detailed questions, clearly convinced that we would soon be heading to Australia too, if she could figure out how to home school the kids along the way.
“Imagine a population smaller than New York City, spread out over a country as big as ours,” Ken explained.
“What are the beaches like?” Elena asked.
“Pristine,” Gisela responded, with a British-sounding accent, “if you saw 10 people that would be a busy day.”
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
“Wildlife?” I questioned weakly, trying to play along, but disturbed by the direction the conversation had taken.
“Kangaroos everywhere,” Ken said. “But the coolest was a Koala Bear wanderin' from one tree to the next right beside the RV. He stretched halfway up before climbin' the rest of the way and goin' back to sleep.”
“That's so cool!” Elena said enthusiastically, her wheels turning. During our seven-year marriage, we had been to Florence (twice), Athens, Paris (twice), London, a dude ranch (four times), Florida (countless times), New York City (countless times), Laguna Beach (for a month once), Los Angeles, Dallas, Yellowstone, Grand Canyon, Sedona, St. Lucia, the Bahamas, and now Hawaii.
As much as I really liked Ken and Gisela, this whole exchange set off a familiar terror that was difficult for me to hide. As a hulking former swimmer and rower, I still had my fair share of demons. I was still alone in a certain sense, not by choice but necessity.
Something my mom had once said about the film As Good As It Gets—Jack Nicholson plays an obsessive compulsive with whom Helen Hunt falls in love—involuntarily entered my thoughts. Gisela had mentioned port-a-potties and campground showers and my mind had somehow connected the strange bathroom protocol on a three-month road trip in Australia to Nicholson coming home to pull a bar of soap from his medicine cabinet (stacked with nothing but soap), rubbing his hands under scalding water, dropping the bar in the trash, and repeating the process over and over again, exemplifying extreme germ phobia. He even brought plastic silverware to the one restaurant he patronized. Mom said the film helped her to understand some of the men in our family like nothing else had.
The reminder was a very unwelcome thought as I attempted to fit in with the heavy drinking crowd at the bar. I graduated from high school a year early to leave home abruptly at 17, determined to define myself on my own terms. Yet now, at 45, the terror had me thinking that maybe I hadn't outrun my DNA after all. I stared into my diet coke and remembered my first experience away from home.
♦◊♦
Kids are playing four square and tether balls and jumping off the dock during free swim in a chorus of boyish delight. The late afternoon sun shines on the lake at Camp Becket. But I'm in the dark back corner of my lower bunk, crying hysterically, my head buried in a pillow so no one can hear me.
I had been brave all day long. I had awoken disoriented; why was I in this strange place? I somehow managed breakfast in the dining hall, woodworking, swimming, lunch, nap, and archery. But after suppressing my angst, I felt like I was going to burst. I made my way back to the cabin to be alone.
“Tom, you alright?” Stuart, my counselor, asks softly from the doorway. I look up, my eyes red. “Let's go for a walk, son.”
The camp director feels that talking to my parents would only upset me more. When I finally do a few days later, my parents tell me that it's important that I stay at camp for my own good. I bravely make it through a month, realizing I can swim and run faster than any other kid my age. But the open wound hasn't healed by the time I get home. It has only festered.
I wouldn't call myself a recluse now. I like people fine—just in small doses. I do like being alone. And I do like doing the same things repeatedly (obsessive compulsive?). I ate, drank, earned money, exercised; all to excess. Having overcome those addictions over a decade ago, my current vices include coffee, ice cream, and my iPhone. I struggle without a normal routine; change of any kind is excruciating. I am not always at ease socially.
I'm 19 and in the back of a U-haul van in the fetal position, trying to fall asleep. There's an open keg at my feet; the stench of beer fills the air.
I am on the rowing team's “Hose & Hike,” which consists of piling into a van on a Saturday afternoon, drinking beer en route to a women's college, finding a friendly bed to sleep in (with some hope of “hosing” the young lass), and then waking up Sunday morning to hike up and down a mountain. Inside, my rowing teammates are playing strip twister. I have had another meltdown. I had thought, wrongly, that I could handle the trip. So I snuck out of the party to try to calm down and get some sleep.
♦◊♦
Elena and I took our first trip together to the Amalfi Coast. She mentioned that she wanted to see it and I immediately booked the trip to please her. After two planes, a van, a ferry, and a taxi, we found ourselves on the very tip of Capri in a room with an amazing terrace overlooking the limestone masses, the Faraglioni, jutting out of the Tyrrhenian Sea.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
I sleep horribly the first night, suffering through nightmares of abandonment and humiliation. When I finally awake, I walk outside to the deck to stare down hundreds of feet at the birds swirling along the cliff below. My childhood fear of heights is suspended in that moment watching the birds fly in and out of the holes in the massive limestone cliffs rising directly out of the impossibly blue sea.
We wrap ourselves in thick white robes, don sunglasses, and order espresso, fruit, and pastry, basking in the beauty surrounding us. It's the first time I remember feeling completely at home. Soon the terror returns, but it's a sure sign of progress.
Before meeting Elena, I had never been to a charity event. I taught myself how to behave at work, handling myself well enough to become the CFO of The Providence Journal Company. But for an introvert like me, crowds have always been torturous. I don't like, and have never been good at, small talk. After every required business event, I'd come home with a painfully sore back from holding myself rigid like a board while shaking hands and talking. I simply can't relax in a crowd.
Elena soon became a leader of several well-known charities. She was chairing not one, but two of the biggest annual social events.
The Storybook Ball, benefiting the Massachusetts General Hospital for Children, is perhaps Boston's event of the year. I put on my tuxedo shirt, trying to negotiate the cuff links.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
“Just remember, Tom, there will be 500 people there. Just blend in. Find someone you like to talk to. No one is really going to care what you do. They are just there to have a good time.”
I am shocked. It has never occurred to me that I might not stick out as if I had a neon sign on my forehead blaring “Loser!” for all to see. Just the idea that I can fit in, that all I have to do is play along a little, find some friendly faces, makes all the difference.
Maybe after attending event after event, I finally found my sea legs. Where at first I would literally go to the bathroom 10 times during the course of a dinner merely to be alone, I found that talking to people really wasn't as hard as I once thought. I could always find a familiar face and at least one interesting story.
♦◊♦
By the time we got to Hawaii, it was really just my fear of travel that continued to plague me. I still had to suffer through the painful transition of leaving home and adjusting to a foreign environment and the loss of routine. I had been in therapy for a couple years, taking medication for persistent depression; but it wasn't until I stared into that diet coke and heard my mom's voice talking about Jack Nicholson that I understood my dad and was willing to see myself fully.
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
In that moment, I realized that as much as I like to pretend to be macho, I am no different from Nicholson's character or my own Dad in his struggles. I am not sure if my obsession with Twitter and Facebook is a clinically diagnosed condition, but they're where I hide out. Checking my iPhone every twenty seconds day and night, even while driving with kids in the car or taking a leak in the middle of the night, isn't normal or healthy. I have always taken the internal fear and transformed it into narrowly focused—okay obsessive-compulsive—action as a way to blot out the discomfort. My maniacal focus—while useful in competitive situations, like sports or deal making—has stood in the way of my ability to show up in my life.
Like Helen Hunt in the film, Elena has pushed me to walk on the cracks; something Nicholson's character wouldn't do. She won't let me slip into the cocoon that would swallow me whole if I let it. She's forced me to see the world and become a better man—that's why I am with her. It's her opposite nature that attracts me, challenges me, and somehow, unconsciously, I have always loved most, even when it stirs the parts of me I would most like to avoid.
In Kona Village, Elena made new friends at the pool. After half an hour of intense conversation on the chaise lounge chairs across the way, I figured it was time to find out where we were going next. I got up and walked over to my wife and yet another set of new friends.
“Tom, meet David and Lisa. They were telling me exactly where in Santa Barbara we should move.”
I laughed. Despite the fact that Elena and I had both spent our adult lives in Boston, she had long been determined to move some place warmer. Santa Barbara has been high on her list. The sweet-looking couple in their late 40s, smiled as they discussed the microclimates.
“Sounds like just the adventure I was looking for,” I said, without a trace of sarcasm.
“Really?” asked Elena, looking me directly in the eyes.
“Really,” I said with a grin. “We still gotta get to Australia. But who wouldn't love horses, beaches, mountains, and California sunshine?”
—ShellVacationsHospitality photo
Big Island Love
Buy the book here!
See Fertitta's entire portfolio of restaurants and casinos. less Chairman, CEO and owner of Landry's, Inc. Tilman Fertitta stands in the bathroom of a model room of his new Post Oak hotel Friday, June 2, 2017 in Houston. See Fertitta's entire portfolio of restaurants and ... more Chairman, CEO and owner of Landry's, Inc. Tilman Fertitta stands in the bathroom of a model room of his new Post Oak hotel Friday, June 2, 2017 in Houston. Photo: Michael Ciaglo, Staff Photo: Michael Ciaglo, Staff Image 1 of / 47 Caption Close Landry's looking to fill 600 jobs at new Houston hotel 1 / 47 Back to Gallery
Landry's plans to hire 600 people at The Post Oak, a luxury hotel under construction in Uptown.
Tilman Fertitta's hospitality company is looking to fill management positions such as catering events manager, front desk manager, director of business travel, director of housekeeping, banquet manager and engineering coordinator. Other positions include accountants, front desk agents, food servers and sous chefs.
Employees will receive training from Landry's consultants and benefits. Interested candidates can apply online at ThePostOak.com, or attend career fairs taking place Nov. 27, 28 and 29 at the Downtown Aquarium and Dec. 9 and 10 at Landry's corporate office, 1510 West Loop South.
RELATED: The Post Oak called 'luxury destination'
Now Playing:
The Post Oak mixed-use development will feature 250 hotel rooms and suites; 20 residential units; 35,000 square feet of event space; 150,000 square feet of office space; a Mastro's Steakhouse and a Willie G's Seafood restaurants.
The 38-story luxury hotel boasts a "presidential suite," a 5,000-square-foot two-bedroom suite with private elevator access, a media room, exercise room and secluded terrace.
The restaurants are set to open in December, and the hotel is slated to open in early 2018.
Kansas City Chiefs punter Dustin Colquitt pinned the Washington Redskins inside their own 20 with a punt during tonight's game, meaning congratulations are in order. It was the 400th time Colquitt has accomplished the feat in his career, good for fourth all-time.
If that doesn't get your juices flowing, nothing will.
At the risk of sharing information everyone's already committed to memory, here are the three punters ahead of Colquitt in that department.
Jeff Feagles, 539
Shane Lechler, 444
Brad Maynard, 439
Will the 35-year-old Colquitt have enough in the tank to challenge Feagles? It's unlikely. But a nation hopes against hope he'll get there. In the meantime, ascending to second place on the all-time chart is a distinct possibility.
On a related note, belated congratulations are in order for Johnny Hekker, who in 2016 punted inside the 20 better than any man who has ever laced up a shoe.
Few would argue that the Vancouver Canucks prospect pool is deeper since Jim Benning took over as general manager before the 2014 NHL Draft.
NHL.com is providing in-depth prospect analysis for each of its 30 teams throughout August. Today, the Vancouver Canucks.
Despite trading 11 draft picks since taking the job, Benning is excited about the depth in Vancouver's system. He also takes issue with claims it lacks high-end talent, pointing to defenseman Olli Juolevi, forward Brock Boeser and goalie Thatcher Demko.
"Right there we have potentially a No.1 goalie, a top-pairing defenseman and a top-six scoring winger, so I am excited about our group of prospects," Benning said.
Canucks 30 in 30: Season outlook | Fantasy outlook | Burning questions, reasons for optimism
Here are the Canucks' top five prospects, according to NHL.com:
1. Brock Boeser, RW
How acquired: Selected with No. 23 pick of 2015 NHL Draft
Last season: University of North Dakota (NCAA): 42 GP, 27-33-60
After helping North Dakota win the NCAA championship as a freshman last season, the sides agree another season of college hockey will allow Boeser, 19, to continue developing his 6-foot-1, 191-pound frame while adding a leadership role.
"Offensively he's got great vision, he goes to the gray areas to score, and when he gets to those areas he's got that snap shot, that quick release that surprises a lot of goalies," Canucks director of player development Stan Smyl said. "Of course, at the next level everyone is a little better and you have to get it away a little quicker. It gets a little tougher, a little faster, a little stronger. There are still steps, but he'll figure it out."
Projected NHL arrival: Next season
Video: Brock Boeser and Troy Stecher get mic'd up
2. Thatcher Demko, G
How acquired: Selected with No. 36 pick of 2014 NHL Draft
Last season: Boston College (NCAA): 39 GP, 27-8-4, 1.88 GAA, .935 save percentage
Demko, 20, changed his goaltending style after hip surgery last summer and the results of his improved mobility were impressive. He helped Boston College reach the NCAA Frozen Four and was named the top goalie in college hockey, but the Canucks will be careful not to rush their athletic 6-foot-4, 210-pound prospect, pointing to the three or more years that Cory Schneider, Eddie Lack and Jacob Markstrom each spent in the American Hockey League.
"Everybody gets excited and obviously we do too," Canucks goaltending coach Dan Cloutier said. "He's a big goaltender that competes and battles, but at the same time it takes goalies time to take it to next level and Thatcher is no different."
Projected NHL arrival: 2018-19
3. Olli Juolevi, D
How acquired: Selected with No. 5 pick of 2016 NHL Draft
Last season: London (OHL): 57 GP, 9-33-42
Smyl praised the 6-foot-2, 182-pound left-handed defenseman for his playmaking and poise while standing out at his first development camp. Juolevi talked about making the NHL as an 18-year-old, but Vancouver will be patient with the skilled native of Finland.
"I feel he can be a top-pairing defenseman," Benning said. "He's so smart and he plays with poise and he reads the play so well that I just feel we have to be patient with him and develop him properly, but I feel he's a blue-chip prospect."
Projected NHL arrival: 2018-19
Video: Vancouver Canucks prospect camp
4. Nikita Tryamkin, D
How acquired: Selected with No. 66 pick of 2014 NHL Draft
Last season: Canucks: 13 GP, 1-1-2; Yekaterinburg (KHL): 53 GP, 4-7-11
Despite four seasons in the Kontinental Hockey League before coming to North America in March, Tryamkin doesn't turn 22 until Aug. 30. A contract clause that lets him return to Russia rather than going to the American Hockey League improves his odds of sticking this season, even as the seventh defenseman, but there were signs during his 13-game introduction to the NHL that he's ready.
"For being such a big man at 6-foot-7, 265 (pounds), his mobility and coordination is excellent," Benning said. "His reach defensively and to know when to put his stick in there to break up plays defensively was really good, and over the course of the 13 games he played, he just seemed to get better as he got more confidence."
Projected NHL arrival: This season
5. Anton Rodin, RW
How acquired: Selected with No. 53 pick of 2009 NHL Draft
Last season: Brynas (SHL): 33 GP, 16-21-37
Rodin, 25 (6-foot, 185) , went back to his native Sweden in 2013 after two unsuccessful seasons in the AHL, but in the three years since, he has emerged as a top-six scorer. He was leading the SHL with 37 points in 33 games before a skate cut that severed tendons above his knee ended his season in mid-January, but he was named league MVP.
"He always had the hands and the skill, but in gaining strength his game progressed to where he played in the hard areas of the ice too," Benning said.
Projected NHL arrival: This season
Video: 30 in 30: Vancouver Canucks 2016-17 season preview
We game designers are creative people, often to the point that we have WAY too many ideas to be able to see them all become reality. So, why not share a few? In this post, I'm giving you a list of a few brand-new game design ideas, and I'm inviting you to develop any of these ideas you wish.
But this is a game, and games have rules.
Rules:
1) If you read this piece, you have to give back, by posting at least one game design idea below in the comments. Your idea can be short and sweet, or fleshed-out with details.
2) If you manage to build something interesting from an idea you find here, make sure to keep us posted on how it progresses!
3) Don't tear down the ideas of others. You may think that an idea presented might be mundane or boring, or that it's been done a hundred times before, but to someone else, that same idea may be an inspiration.
The League on Twitter: https://twitter.com/LeagueGM
The League on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/leagueofgamemakers
Steal these Ideas:
1) Build a polylaurus game This is not a coop, not a team game, but a game where any number of players can win and any number can lose. This would be a game in which the goals of individual players may converge, diverge, and intersect through gameplay, but no two players are trying to accomplish the exact same goals.
This is not a coop, not a team game, but a game where This would be a game in which the goals of individual players may converge, diverge, and intersect through gameplay, but no two players are trying to accomplish the exact same goals. 2) Build a variation on worker placement such as: Each turn you place one worker, then remove a different worker. For a list of several other worker placement ideas see this article .
such as: Each turn you place one worker, then remove a different worker. For a list of several other worker placement ideas see . 3) Design a drafting game where you draft cards for another player. Maybe after drafting, it is randomly determined whether players will keep the cards they drafted, or whether all players will pass to the left, or right. You'd need to draft considering the prospect that you might be playing with those cards, or you might be playing against them!
Maybe after drafting, it is randomly determined whether players will keep the cards they drafted, or whether all players will pass to the left, or right. You'd need to draft considering the prospect that you might be playing with those cards, or you might be playing against them! 4) Design a game where you draft tiles to build your city/castle/whatever, but every tile you take is removed from a functional central area. In other words, you're cannibalizing one functional structure to build another, forcing you to balance your personal benefits with the collective costs that impact all players. Building games usually take from some kind of supply, and removing resources or tiles from the supply has no effect. In this game, every choice will have both a cost and a benefit.
In other words, you're cannibalizing one functional structure to build another, forcing you to balance your personal benefits with the collective costs that impact all players. Building games usually take from some kind of supply, and removing resources or tiles from the supply has no effect. In this game, every choice will have both a cost and a benefit. 5) Design a sophisticated market game. Make your game have dynamic valuation that is determined by supply and demand. Have commodities that vary in price through semi-predictable trends. Some becoming more scarce, others becoming more abundant. See if you can include the roles of labor, taxation, and public infrastructure on the effectiveness of your markets.
Make your game have dynamic valuation that is determined by supply and demand. Have commodities that vary in price through semi-predictable trends. Some becoming more scarce, others becoming more abundant. See if you can include the roles of labor, taxation, and public infrastructure on the effectiveness of your markets. 6) Make a game with “Anthropology” or “Paleontology” as your theme. You are uncovering bones, tools, and artifacts of ancient people.
You are uncovering bones, tools, and artifacts of ancient people. 7) Build a Prohibition-themed game that can be used as a drinking game.
8) Build a game that only uses cubes and meeples as components. No cards, boards, or dice.
9) Build a “Downsizing” game. Possibly area control and/or deck building: Begin with a grotesquely bloated corporation that you need to downsize into a lean, efficient, money-making machine, while laying off tons of workers in the process! Rather than building your engine and focusing on acquisitions, you'll be trying to thin out your holdings in the most efficient way possible.
Possibly area control and/or deck building: Begin with a grotesquely bloated corporation that you need to downsize into a lean, efficient, money-making machine, while laying off tons of workers in the process! Rather than building your engine and focusing on acquisitions, you'll be trying to thin out your holdings in the most efficient way possible. 10) Design a game that focuses on one, clean, core mechanic – that's brand new. You know, that one mechanic that you have designed, but it never fits in your other games…
Fear Is The Biggest Hurdle For Some Job Seekers
toggle caption Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
Unemployment has fallen in recent months, but competition for jobs remains tough. According to one report, there are three people who want a job for every opening in the U.S. But the biggest obstacle for some job seekers is an internal one: Many simply fear going back to work.
After Jillaine Smith was laid off three years ago, she went through a period of doubting her professional skills. That was despite her 25 successful years in nonprofit management.
"It doesn't make sense rationally," Smith says. "But, inside, wherever that part is, the fear starts growing that I don't have what it takes anymore."
She says her fear began to interfere with her job search. Smith still applied for positions near her home in Bethesda, Md. But she didn't take steps that would really help land an interview — like networking.
"Did I update my LinkedIn resume and things like that? Absolutely," she says. "But did I do the stuff that requires getting up, getting dressed, getting out of the house and going and talking to people? Not so much."
Of course, this is the worst thing to do when you're running out of money. Smith's husband did work full time when she was laid off. But money was tight.
"There was certainly financial stress," she says. "I always think it's a bad sign when you have to use your credit card for groceries."
Fear Of The Unknown
Smith can tell this story because she got over the hump and is working again. A number of workers are still hung up on a fear of returning to work, but they were too embarrassed to talk about this kind of thing publicly.
Like Smith, these workers said their angst didn't really make sense, given their talents and past successes.
But they acknowledged that their fear sometimes resulted in self-sabotage. It could paralyze them to the point where they didn't even look for jobs.
"It's not like it's apparent to the person," says Mary White, a job counselor with a nonprofit called HIRED in St. Paul, Minn.
She says of job seekers, "It's not like they're saying, 'Well, I don't ever want to work again, so I'm really going to mess this up.' It's that they're saying, 'I'm scared to work again.' "
She says the fear she sees in her clients is understandable. New jobs are full of unknowns: You don't know what the culture's going to be like or whether you'll fit in.
"People are scared to death to go to parties," White says. "Why wouldn't they be scared to death to go to a new job?"
Enlarge this image toggle caption Annie Baxter/NPR Annie Baxter/NPR
Waiting For Positive Reinforcement
Alice Ferdinand has witnessed that fear — from the other side of the interview table. She was a human resources manager for three decades. Before she retired in 2010, she met lots of job applicants who dreaded going back to work.
"It was not so much detectable in what they said at first as [in] the body demeanor: the slumped shoulders, the poor eye contact, the hesitancy to respond," she says.
Some even told her explicitly that they feared their skills had eroded or that they wouldn't enjoy working again. That might seem like a crazy thing to say to an interviewer, but Ferdinand says her grandmotherly nature prompted workers to open up to her.
And she says those confessions were not instant disqualifiers. The interview kept going if a candidate was committed to overcoming his or her unease.
"Those people were the kinds that you knew they were not clinically depressed," Ferdinand says. "And you knew the underlying angst and the underlying fear was situational and would go away when they got some positive reinforcement, that is, a job."
That's what happened with Smith. Her fears turned out to be temporary. Physical exercise, volunteer work, and some freelance gigs brought her back to a more confident version of herself.
"Getting some work helped," she says. "Getting some money in the door helped. Being productive again. Being useful. That helped."
In other words, it was enough for her to feel rewarded again, since unemployment by itself offered no rewards at all.
Natalie Broodmother
By Natalie
In fact books have been written, the best of which is probably Norman Podhoretz' Why Are Jews Liberals?
The answer is more emotional- and “feel”-based than factual- or logic-based. Certainly, Republican policies of the last 30-40 years towards Israel and Republican foreign policy in general are more favorable to Israel than the Democrats' policies.
But as summarized in a Publisher's Weekly review, “Immigrant American Jews were attracted to the Democratic Party”, says Podhoretz, “because it was the closest counterpart to the European leftists who had favored Jewish emancipation.”
Expanding on that thought, in their home countries in Europe and Russia, Jews were so persecuted and discriminated against, that once in their new American homeland, they wanted to distance themselves from that treatment as far as possible. The tolerance, softness and “acceptance” of the American liberal philosophy appealed to them on an emotional level, since it represented the social freedom that had eluded them for generations in the ‘old country.'
It's important to bear in mind that the Democratic/liberal philosophy of FDR or JFK was a great distance removed from the über-soft/politically-correct/non-offensive-at-all-costs liberal philosophy and policies of today. But the basic tenet of “hard work and you'll be rewarded” coupled with the essential American societal promise of non-discrimination (certainly not perfect in actuality, but orders of magnitude better than what it had been in Europe and Russia) were well-accepted by Jewish immigrants to the U.S in the first half of the 20th century. Those are the generations that spawned today's liberal Jewish majority.
That thought has now gained a self-sustaining momentum all its own, such that it is now tradition and expected behavior for American Jews to be liberal. There is a definite “that's the way it's always been in my family” component to this, not unlike the liberal/Democratic allegiance that most African-Americans have for the Democratic Party as well (although for markedly different reasons). To reiterate: most of today's American Jewish liberal voters grew up in households that were already liberal/Democratic. In other words, today's Jewish liberal voter was not a blank sheet of paper, left to their own devices to make a philosophical determination on their own. Their family was likely liberal, their emotional environment was liberal, and their American cultural/societal/religious enclave was liberal. Many of today's American Jews grew up in areas of high Jewish density, so their communities were largely one-dimensional (Jewish-liberal) as well.
This is not to say that other voting blocs aren't mostly predetermined by environment, inertia and tradition also. Many are. But the American Jewish liberal voting tradition is particularly interesting because many of their social precepts and foreign-policy vested interests would augur a more conservative bearing.
To wit: many, if not most, of the guiding social principles that Jewish families espoused and impressed upon their children in the second half of the 20th century -- hard work, self-sufficiency, a good education (“You'll go to college, you'll get a good job, you'll make us proud”) would be considered conservative by today's permissive, less-accountable, “participation trophy” standards.
Additionally, many American Jews have a deep loyalty and affinity with Israel, to the point that many of them consider Israel to be a “second home country,” even if they've never been there. American Jews' recognition of the necessity of Israel to take harsh, non-apologetic security and military measures to provide for its own national security (while either conveniently ignoring or disagreeing with America's need to do the same) would also be considered a more conservative position than liberal.
Yet the vast majority of American Jews remain wedded to the liberal/Democratic mindset.
When faced with hard evidence to the contrary -- like the Obama administration's recent abstention from the UN Security Council vote condemning Israeli settlements, the upshot of which is that Israel should return to its pre-1967 borders -- most American Jews frantically genuflect and rationalize to justify their original liberal position. “Well, Israel is Israel, and I'm an American first. My views on domestic politics are shaped by what I believe is best for me here in America, not on America's actions towards Israel.”
So much for the “Israel as my second country” mindset.
Another example: Given the very high cultural importance that most Jews place on education, hard work and professional success, high-achieving Jews are often the victims of set-asides and demographic quotas when it comes to college admissions and other restrictive/promotional situations. But with inexplicable -- almost laughable -- incongruence, most Jews are in favor of affirmative action–type social programs, unless, of course, it happens to negatively affect them or their family personally. This is the emotional component of their liberal attachment, when logic goes out the window.
I previously touched on the fact that today's conservative Republican foreign policies are usually more favorable to Israel than the softer, more all-inclusive approach favored by today's Democrats. The Southern U.S. is currently a Republican stronghold. Yet there is an unspoken (but undeniably real) prejudice that many coastal/North Eastern elite Jewish people feel towards the Southern-drawled Christian Bible belt. “Those people” are simply too foreign for Ivy-league-educated Jews to identify with, regardless of the many common positions that the two groups share vis-à-vis Israel, terrorism, and the Middle East. “Israel as a second country” works for today's Jews when vacationing in Haifa or when making a feel-good donation to the Men's Club at their temple; it very rarely translates into a consistent, logical, actionable political stance.
As previously stated, modern American Jewish liberalism is unquestionably more emotional/cultural-based than it is logic-based. But Jewish liberalism is real, and you can see it in every Presidential election, as 80-90% of the Jewish vote goes to the Democratic candidate. Every time.
Blue Lantern Character card for HeroClix: War of Light OP Credit: WizKids
All will be well!
The Blue Lantern Corps. Created at the tail end of the Sinestro Corps War crossover at DC Comics, the Blue Lanterns were the most direct offshoot of the Green Lantern Corps – they even had their own Guardians of the Universe who created their power battery, letting them harness the blue light of hope.
We debuted the power battery, power ring, and group shot of the Blue Lantern Corps for the DC HeroClix War of Light Organized Play event that starts in June on Wednesday, and now we have seven individual character cards to show you.
[See Wizkids site for more on the OP program, or click here for a HeroClix store locator to find participating stores near you!]
Blue Lantern Character card for HeroClix: War of Light OP Credit: WizKids
Next week, you'll meet a Corps that we can't tell you about right meow, but it should be an atrociously fun reveal.
Today, we look to the Blue Lanterns for hope, and while the entity Adara was seen in the group shot, sorry, we don't have that individual card here yet.
Interestingly, this is the first reveal where we don't have the general “Corps Recruit” card, either – perhaps that's because the corps members we do have to show off are so exciting and high profile that WizKids couldn't wait to get them in front of you. Like Sinestro, this corps' de facto leader Saint Walker gets the Blue Lantern Oath as his power set, with each ability named after another line of the Oath: “In fearful day, in raging night, with strong hearts full, our souls ignite, when all seems lost, in the war of light, look to the stars, for hope burns bright!” The Blue Lantern Oath is unique in that it directly references many of the other corps, in order, it mentions: Sinestro, Red Lanterns, Star Sapphire, Indigo.
Blue Lantern Character card for HeroClix: War of Light OP Credit: WizKids
Kyle Rayner, who we've already seen in Green and Yellow, shows up here, as well. As the current White Lantern, Kyle has actually mastered every color of the spectrum in the current DC Comics, and can access each emotion (and its corresponding powers) on the fly. Joining him in a doubled up figure is Hal Jordan, who wielded a blue and green ring side-by-side as seen here. Ganthet, the former Green Guardian who founded the Blue Lantern Corps, gets his own figure, with some great support abilities. Finally, Brother Hymn, Sister Sercy, and the elephantine Brother Warth round out the group.
Check out the rest of the Blue Lantern Corps below, and tune in next week for a reveal that we promise won't require you to bathe in a lake of blood in order to contain your excitement (okay, we're just giving it away now…)
Blue Lantern Character card for HeroClix: War of Light OP Credit: WizKids
Blue Lantern Character card for HeroClix: War of Light OP Credit: WizKids Blue Lantern Character card for HeroClix: War of Light OP Credit: WizKids
It's the second day of summer, and Snapchat has raised an $80 million* Series B round at an $800 million pre-money valuation. The phat Series B round was led by Institutional Venture Partners, according to multiple sources, after being sought after by many other top-tier Valley VCs.
After putting in its dough, IVP hooks up with Benchmark and Lightspeed, Snapchat's existing backers.
Contrary to prior reports, including ours, the $800 million valuation is considerably less than $1 billion and considerably more than the half that originally demarcated. The company will also not be using the money to build an oversized salesforce. I have no idea where that one came from.
My guess is that Snapchat founders Evan Spiegel and Bobby Murphy will use the new money to continue to scale their foothold on the Ephemeral-net, as more people beyond Snapchat's gateway, 20-something demographic realize that capturing random moments and sending them to their friends briefly (and disposably) is the cool thing to do.
Eight people Snapchatted me tonight; I am over 30, and so are all but two of them.
*Update: Snapchat co-founder Evan Spiegel has announced this morning that the raise is $60 million, versus the $80 million we originally reported on Saturday. Both we and Valleywag's Nitasha Tiku are hearing that the total raise was $80 million despite the SEC filing, with around $20 million sold in a secondary offering. General Catalyst Partners (see my disclosure) and SV Angel also went in on the round.
It's interesting how computer terminology comes and goes. Does your Mac boot up? Why does the iPhone or iPad merely start up?
Back in the day we would mount a storage device connected to our Macs or PCs. These days we merely connect devices. Hence the Mac utility app Mountain is appropriately named for those users who still use the term mount. What does Mountain mount?
What's In A Name?
Simply put, Mountain lets Mac users manage connected storage volumes (USB disks, FireWire disks, external disk drives, connected servers– anything mounted).
What makes Mountain unique is how it works for Macs that have many connected storage devices. It lives in the Menubar so a click gets you access to everything you need.
That includes both ejecting an external volume without using the Mac's Finder eject button, and remount external volumes without plugging in the cable (again).
Another advantage of Mountain is the option to connect to a server. It keeps a list of recently mounted servers so getting one back is little more than a click to the Menubar.
Preferences are aplenty as well with many options for both volumes and the Menubar menu.
Mountain can be launched when the Mac starts up, and the pop down menu gives you the option to unmount everything that's connected, or to mount everything that's connected but not mounted. If you're like me and have a Mac notebook with external disk storage you'll appreciate how useful that is.
If your Mac goes to sleep volumes and servers can be remounted (connected) automatically, too. And, notifications are built in so Mountain uses Growl or Notification Center to let you know when volumes are available or can be unplugged. Power users will appreciate the keyboard shortcuts which eliminate the need to hit the Menubar as often.
The only caveat I have is that some external DVDs would not mount all the time, as well as some older external USB disks (which probably should have been retired years ago). Otherwise, there's nothing quite like Mountain, but I would like to see a scheduled mount or unmount option.
An eatery called "Obama Fried Chicken" is soon to open in Beijing, according to a Chinese-language report translated by the China Hush blog.
As you can see, the tiny restaurant's logo swaps the head of Colonel Sanders for the head of U.S. President Barack Obama.
According to China Hush, the shop's owners are believed to be students at a nearby college.
The New York Post even tracked down Rev. Al Sharpton for his take: "It's insulting, offensive and plays to racial stereotypes."
Predictably, KFC China is not pleased with Obama Fried Chicken and may take legal measures, the Washington Post reports.
But KFC's head honchos will have a tough time contending its Beijing imitator should be ashamed for using Obama's image to hawk fried chicken.
They can claim, however, that they thought of it first.
IMAGE DISTRIBUTED FOR NATIONAL FOOTBALL FOUNDATION - Ty Darlington from Oklahoma University speaks to the guests at the 58th National Football Foundation and College Hall of Fame Annual Awards Dinner at the Waldorf-Astoria, on Tuesday, December 8, 2015 in Manhattan, NY. The star-studded event saw the induction of the 2015 College Football Hall of Fame Class and the awarding of the William V. Campbell Trophy. (Bill Kostroun/AP Images for National Football Foundation)
Buried in the hoopla of Clemson quarterback Deshaun Watson's performance, a risky onside kick and national title No. 16 for the Crimson Tide, Darlington was honored during the game as the recipient of this season's William V. Campbell Trophy for his achievements on the gridiron, in the community and in the classroom.
He and Oklahoma's 2015 season ended in Miami, Florida, on New Year's Eve. But Darlington still had one more game to attend as an OU representative.
And while Darlington was honored to receive the award and attend college football's biggest night in Glendale, the experience was less than pleasurable as his Sooners were a game short of getting its own crack at eventual champion Alabama.
"It was pretty miserable being on the field, and watching and being right there next to the players and realizing how close we were," Darlington said in a phone interview.
Darlington said the experience was fun, but he had to stomach watching Alabama and Clemson from the sideline for the first quarter before watching the rest of the back-and-forth battle in a suite.
Before the game even began, however, Darlington was met in the same corner of the field by the Clemson defensive line as the Tigers went through their pregame warm-ups. A few head nods were exchanged between Darlington and the Clemson players who beat Oklahoma, 37-17, in the Orange Bowl semifinal.
The experience was humbling, but it was an odd mix of emotions for Darlington, who found himself fresh off of a disappointing loss in a collared shirt and jeans rather than an OU uniform with one more game to play.
"I don't think (the loss) is ever going to stop stinging completely, especially because we were so close," Darlington said. "Sometimes you put your best foot forward and you lose, but we didn't play our best football. And that's the only regret I had. That's something you have to live with, and that's life, but you have to move on."
Darlington still gives all the credit to Clemson. And despite not winning a national title with OU, his journey from playing as a true freshman to becoming one of the team's most vocal leaders has been quite the run.
He considered Stanford, Auburn and a few other FBS offers as a highly recruited center from Apopka, Florida. But Darlington has cherished the opportunities OU has presented to him as he looks ahead to an NFL career or wherever life may take him.
"OU always had my heart, " Darlington said. "I wanted to come to OU, not just to play ball, but it's been a lifelong dream. To look back on when I was six-years-old the first time I was on Owen Field to the last time I was on it, that's stuff you can't write any better. It's been a blessing."
By Lucy Gill
BBC Monitoring
Unions are calling for the government to do more to prevent lay-offs The nationwide strikes in France over the government's handling of the financial crisis are provoking strong, and diverse, reactions among French observers. The action is attracting sympathy from many in the left-wing press, but is being met with weariness and unease on the right. France's eight largest union federations called the strikes, dissatisfied with the 2.65bn euros of additional public spending pledged by the government following the last day of industrial action on 29 January. The unions are calling for the government to do more to prevent private sector lay-offs and to halt to its own plans to reduce the public sector workforce. "To the demos!" says the editorial in Thursday's left-wing daily Liberation . The paper says the protesters are acting out of "indignation at the absurdity of an economic stimulus plan that does not stimulate very much and whose essentials don't benefit workers but businesses". A strike against a crisis makes about as much sense as a demonstration to ban winter
Francois Lenglet, La Tribune Patrick Apel-Muller in the communist newspaper L'Humanite hopes Thursday's protests will be a "turning point" and questions why it is that "the deficit can be increased - even doubled - at leisure when it comes to bailing out the banks and offering tax breaks to the wealthy, but it would be ruinous if it was increased to help wage-earners live better". Jean-Marcel Bougereau of the left-leaning weekly, Le Nouvel Observateur , says the strikes throw into sharp relief "social despair on the one hand with the arrogance of those who govern us on the other". Hostage to public servants? Not everyone is cheering on the unions, however. Yves Threard in the right-leaning Le Figaro slams the protesters, who "preferred hitting the streets rather than finding solutions through negotiations". We have to keep up the pressure for several days
Olivier Besancenot
New Anti-Capitalist Party leader He says they "dream of a new order, but one that won't rein in their acquired rights and privileges". "Unlike other countries France is a hostage to its public servants," he said. Francois Lenglet, an editorialist in French business daily La Tribune , says that although the strikes may be popular - "France does not lack malcontents" - they are also pointless: "A strike against a crisis makes about as much sense as a demonstration to ban winter." Some commentators are also concerned that they could get out of hand following the severe social unrest in the French overseas department of Guadeloupe, which was only brought to an end when the government agreed to increase the salaries of the lowest paid by 200 euros. "The conflict in Guadeloupe was led and won outside of the traditional mechanisms with a rallying cry - 'exploitation!' - which while simplistic risks being taken up on the mainland," says Dominique Gerbaud in the Catholic paper, La Croix . "Left-wing parties and unions will be scared of compromising and creating space for the extreme left." Hammer the point home According to Michel Noblecourt in the centre-left Le Monde , "the unions have rejected the idea of trying to bring about in mainland France what has happened in Guadeloupe". FRENCH UNIONS vs GOVERNMENT Union demands Increase minimum wage Reverse 50% cap on income tax Suspend public sector job cuts Measures to protect employment Government stimulus plan 11bn euros to help businesses improve cashflows 11bn euros of direct state investment 4bn euros of investment by state-owned firms in modernisation 2.65bn euros of tax breaks, and increases in family welfare and short-term unemployment benefits They want to "show a responsible attitude in their management of the protest," he says. But the leader of France's far-left New Anti-Capitalist Party, Olivier Besancenot, is happy to cite Guadeloupe as an inspiration. He tells the weekly Journal du Dimanche that Guadeloupe "is an example to reflect on and follow". "We have to keep up the pressure for several days after [19 March] hammering the point home with the same force. That's where political parties and unions could take inspiration from Guadeloupe," says Mr Besancenot. Claude Imbert in the centre-right weekly Le Point , however, is scathing about what he described as the French public's "fateful inclination to take to the streets to obtain what it can't get from parliament". He says that while "France is not for the moment the sick man of Europe its propensity for springtime rebellions could knock us off course. In a crisis it could get out of control."
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Because Compromising is Not In Your Genes!
Because You Want Everything Best!
So you love gadgets. A design for smart home not just revolves around installing the smart gadgets to make life easier but also putting the minds in making the home energy-efficient. A technology is considered successful only when it serves its purpose well but without disturbing the eco-system and the budget. So, the challenges double-up for a smart home's design and that's what MADS Creations loves!
Interior designing for a techno freak's residence involves high-end research about technology concepts and their usability along with requirement in current scenarios. So here's a list of some new gadgets that every techno freak would love to have in their homes and offices.
Smart homes design: Wireless Smart Lighting
Technology advancements in lighting have gone more than amazing these days. The modern techno homes welcome you with wireless smart lighting gadgets that have numerous features in them. From changing the light colours as per your mood to wirelessly using them, waterproof lighting to sensory lighting, there's something pleasing for every techno geek in the lighting world.
Smart homes design: Kids Proofing
This is the most demanding feature that every parent asks for. We pioneer in making your home a childproof home, making you assure that your precious pearls remain safe while playing anywhere in the home.
Smart homes design: Keyless Locks, Security Alarms and Smart Parking
How many times you've lost your keys and don't miss the numbers that you accidentally locked someone inside. From Keyless Locks to High-end Security Alarms, Smart Parking gadgets to Fire Proofing, we make sure that home is safe and secured from every aspect.
Smart homes design: Smart Flushes and Water Sensors
Well, washrooms are also becoming smarter now. Who doesn't want a smart toilet that flushes waste without touching the flush and closes itself when you're done, a smart bathroom that dries itself and stops water from fountain once you are away? We have those smart devices with us!
Smart homes design: Device Interconnections
Interconnectivity of devices helps the user to operate lights, gadgets, or any other home appliance from anywhere. This provides a peace of mind for not running around in the house from one corner to another to put the switches on and off.Our experience says that pleasing techno freaks is not an easy thing and that's what inspires us to bring the best of our technical interior designing skills to them. MADS Creations an interior designer in Jaipur takes pride for having experience in putting all of these latest technology features in the homes of techno freak clients.Whether it's about enhancing the home security features or making home energy-efficient, we design your residence as per your requirements. Reach us to know how we make that happen!
CD Projekt Red has called an Extraordinary General Meeting later this month and the meeting schedule is suggesting that the developers behind The Witcher series might be preparing to fight off a hostile takeover.
According to the meeting schedule (via NeoGaf/RP.pl), CD Projekt Red is going to be addressing a number of things, including on what right shareholders have. According to a summary on the meeting schedule, there will be three votes during the meeting:
Vote on whether or not to allow the company to buy back part of its own shares for 250 million PLN ($64 million) Vote on whether to merge CD Projekt Brands (fully owned subsidiary that holds trademarks to the Witcher and Cyberpunk games) into the holding company Vote on the change of the company's statue.
These votes suggest that CD Projekt Red might be preparing for a hostile takeover or be protecting themselves against one should it come – particularly the first and third vote. If CD Projekt Red bought back its share it would restrict the remaining shareholders, which means that no one could show up and start buying shares until they owned a majority.
It's interesting that CD Projekt Red is making these preparations. Currently, Ubisoft is scrambling to buy their shares back in hopes of fending off a hostile takeover from Vivendi that has been in the works for months. In addition to that, a Chinese chicken meat company is buying up game developers like nobody's business.
The question is, if someone is trying to buy CDPR who is it? If no one is, good on them for protecting themselves and their IP.
Google has inked a major deal with mobile payment alliance Softcard that will see its Google Wallet payments system pre-installed on phones sold by American carriers AT&T, T-Mobile, and Verizon.
The carriers will begin shipping the Google Wallet app later this year on mobes running Android 4.4 "KitKat" or higher, according to a Monday blog post by Ariel Bardin, the Mountain View Chocolate Factory's VP of payments.
The devices will include full support for Google Wallet's near field communication (NFC)-based pay-by-bonk feature, Bardin said.
Previously, the carriers had blocked Google's payment tech from running on their devices, leaving Sprint the only one of the US "Big Four" to support it.
AT&T, T-Mobile, and Verizon, meanwhile, teamed up to create a competing mobile payments tech in an alliance that was initially known as ISIS but was later renamed as Softcard (reportedly to avoid unfortunate associations with Islamic militants).
Softcard was never very popular with consumers, though, and with Cupertino making major headway with its upstart Apply Pay system, the carriers have apparently had a change of heart about allowing Google into their networks.
Earlier this year, the online ad-slinger was thought to be considering buying Softcard outright. That doesn't seem to have happened, but Bardim said Google is "also acquiring some exciting technology and intellectual property from Softcard to make Google Wallet better."
There was no word on whether any Softcard employees will be joining Google as part of the deal.
Also not clear is what this means for Softcard and those few customers who actually use it. "For now, Softcard customers can continue to tap and pay with the app," the firm said in a separate blog post. "We will share more information with customers and partners in the coming weeks."
The deal brings the mobile payments market closer to becoming a two-horse race between Apple and Google, but there's no foregone conclusion yet. Plenty of other outfits – including the credit card companies and major players in the retail sector – would also like a piece of the action.
On potential major competitor is Samsung. Although Google's tech enjoys a major footprint on Android mobes, Sammy still produces more Android devices than any other company – and it just bought mobile payments firm LoopPay last week. ®
Verizon Wireless just made it more expensive to cancel service by delaying monthly reductions in early termination fees (ETFs) until the eighth month of a contract.
Until today, the early termination fees of $350 for new smartphone contracts declined $10 each month. Customers who signed contracts before today will still see their ETFs decline the first month and all months thereafter. But customers who sign up today or later will not see any reductions until the eighth month, Verizon's updated customer agreement says. That means that after seven months, a customer's ETF would remain at $350 instead of declining to $280.
Under the new terms, ETFs will decline "$10 per month in months 8–18, $20 per month in months 19–23, and $60 in the final month of your contract term."
Similar changes were made to early termination fees for other devices. Standard Verizon ETFs of $175 apply to customers who sign two-year contracts with subsidized basic phones and tablets, including iPads. Previously, the $175 ETF declined $5 each month from the beginning. Going forward, the $175 fee will decline "$5 per month in months 8–18, $10 per month in months 19–23, and $30 in the final month of your contract term."
Droid Life reported on the Verizon ETF changes earlier today.
New Verizon customers can avoid contracts by paying off their devices in installments under the company's Edge program. But that deal got worse last month, when Verizon decided to make customers pay off a higher percentage of the cost of their phones before allowing them to upgrade to a new device.
Meanwhile, T-Mobile and Sprint offer to pay off customers' early termination fees if they switch from a competing carrier. Sprint's offer expires on January 15 while T-Mobile's does not have an expiration date. AT&T temporarily offered $450 in incentives to T-Mobile customers who switched to AT&T in January 2014 but ended the offer the very next month.
Between ages 3 and 10, I lived in Mesa, Arizona. The winters in Mesa are beautiful, but the summers are hell. Like, pretty much literally. Temperatures in the summer average well above 100 degrees Fahrenheit, sometimes reaching 120+ degrees.
I remember my 4th grade year particularly well because my classroom was in “the portables,” as they were called by us Ishikawa Dragons. “The portables” was an unattractive cluster of prefabricated metal boxes behind the playground. Being in a portable meant dealing with a longer walk to class, scorpions and other critters, and, worst of all, sucky A/C.
That school year, every Tuesday and Thursday afternoon was spent completing math packets–aka “super packets” or something similarly catchy. There were 15 different math packets that increased in difficulty from 1 to 15. Everyone started with 1 and worked their way up at their own pace. I didn't really like math–although to be fair, I don't think anyone liked math then (and/or now?)–so my “super” strategy was to work my butt off during the first couple weeks, gain a comfortable lead on my peers, and then chill the rest of the semester–using super packet time to draw pictures or something.
My strategy went great, initially. In fact, my teacher, noticing my super duper super packet skills, allowed me to skip a few packet levels. Once I felt that my lead was cushy enough, I started to slack off. Weeks would pass without me completing even five math problems. My peers were slowly gaining on me, but I didn't mind. Sure, my teacher was probably disappointed that her child prodigy student was a flop (fine, she probably never considered me a child prodigy) but as long as I at least blended in with the other students, I was ok. Until I wasn't ok.
Eventually, my fellow 4th grade dragons started catching up to me and then, one by one, began surpassing me in the super packets. I was no longer a leader. I was no longer blending in. I was a straggler. But that wasn't the worst part.
When I decided it was time for me to take the super packets seriously again, I found that I had fallen out of the math habit. I didn't know how to do a lot of the problems. By taking my super packet hiatus, I hadn't just pressed pause on my math skills, I had regressed. My peers who had stayed consistent strengthened their math skills and their problem-solving skills. I had severely weakened both.
I eventually dropped out of elementary school and went on to start a one billion dollar tech company. Joke.
It's amazing how these little childhood memories end up being profound learning experiences for me years after the fact. This memory has ended up being, perhaps, one of my most meaningful lessons in creativity.
It's tempting to hoard ideas and save them for rainy days. It's tempting to work ahead in order to compensate for future laziness. When it comes to creative work, these temptations are dangerous. Creativity is not merely an idea bank, it is a machine that needs regular maintenance. In order to keep our creative machine going, we need to constantly flex our creative muscles, we need to consistently put ourselves in situations that force us to be creative. Scary? Sometimes–it's never fun feeling like you have run out of ideas. Worth it? You bet–every time you feel you are scraping the bottom of the barrel for creative ideas, you are forcing yourself to be vulnerable, to be open to the raw powers of creative inspiration. That is when the magic happens.
In the words of Paul Arden:
If you hoard your ideas you will end up living off your reserves and eventually become stale. If you give away everything you have, you are left with nothing. This forces you to look, to be aware, to replenish. The more you give away the more comes back to you.
Creativity: The more you give away, the more comes back to you.
The first wave of robots taking over human jobs is upon us.
Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.06% supplier Foxconn Technology Co. 2354, +0.00% has replaced 60,000 human workers with robots in a single factory, according to a report in the South China Morning Post, initially published over the weekend.
This is part of a massive reduction in headcount across the entire Kunshan region in China's Jiangsu province, in which many Taiwanese manufacturers base their Chinese operations.
In a statement to MarketWatch, Foxconn Technology Group confirmed that it has been automating its manufacturing facilities throughout China, including Kunshan, for “many years,” which it says has freed up its employees to focus on higher value-added elements of the manufacturing process, such as research and development, process control and quality control.
”Across all of our facilities today, we are applying robotics engineering and other innovative manufacturing technologies to replace repetitive tasks previously done by employees,” Foxconn said. “As our manufacturing processes and the products we produce become more technologically advanced, automation is playing an increasingly important role in our operations and we have plans to automate more of our manufacturing operations over the coming years.”
Roughly 600 companies in the Kunshan region are reportedly looking to reduce headcount with robots, as part of an effort to accelerate growth and reduce costs, according to the South China Morning Post, which cited data from the Kunshan government. Last year, 35 Taiwanese companies, including Foxconn, spent a total of 4 billion yuan ($610 million) on artificial intelligence as part of this initiative, according to the report.
While developing AI does present higher upfront costs, machines are seen as more predictable and stable over the long term versus humans, potentially leading to personnel cost savings over the long term. With such high pressures placed on these manufacturers, which assemble much of the world's consumer technology products and are often under strict deadlines, it also alleviates some of the ethical issues that arise when working people too hard for too long to meet demand.
Foxconn has been criticized for years for inadequate working conditions, which led to a string of suicides at its manufacturing facilities a few years ago. Foxconn employees have complained of being overworked, sleeping in less-than-ideal dormitory conditions, and not being paid fairly, but the company has worked to improve conditions recently.
Also Read: It would take 2.5 years of Foxconn wages to afford $10,000 Apple Watch
The trend of replacing humans with more efficient robots is not confined to China.
As of February, there were more than 260,000 robots working in U.S. factories, according to industry trade group Robotic Industries Association. A total of 31,464 robots, valued at a combined $1.8 billion, were ordered from North American companies in 2015, a 14% increase in units.
Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, +0.21% is one such U.S. company that has been increasingly employing robots, with thousands shuffling around and sorting items in its fulfillment centers. Auto manufacturers have used robots to assemble cars in the U.S. for years.
At the moment, robots are expected to be used for lower-paying jobs that require less sophisticated skills, such as product assembly. But they are increasingly targeting more sophisticated and social roles that require customer service skills.
SoftBank Group's 9984, -0.39% humanoid consumer robot Pepper was rolled out to several Chinese retail stores over the last year. This week, Pepper also got a job at Pizza Hut, with the pizza chain unleashing the robot at certain stores in Asia to take customer in-store orders.
More sophisticated robots are also being developed, though they may face a tougher road to acceptance, given the higher-paid human jobs they threaten.
A robot that could serve many of the same functions as an anesthesiologist, for example, was discontinued in the U.S. after one year due to poor sales. The light demand might be attributed to immense backlash from the American Society of Anesthesiologists, which supports human doctors.
Also read: Donald, Hillary and Bernie are lying to us about those lost manufacturing jobs
Want news about Asia delivered to your inbox? Subscribe to MarketWatch's free Asia Daily newsletter. Sign up here.
Have you seen this comedy bit on the Conan O'Brien show, where they get laughs by showing local news anchors using the same intros to feature stories?
He's done it a few times: Here, here, here and here.
His latest example is Reliable Sources' host Brian Stelter's favorite new thing this week.
But why?
Shouldn't the media critic whose job it is to look at the way the news is covered be more disgusted than amused by the clear scripted failure of journalism?
Here you have undeniable proof of the laziness and sloppiness of the news media, doing little more than reading press releases with no journalism (or critical thinking) involved and the best we can do is acknowledge it's funny?
Maybe Stelter should look at stats that show that Americans have lost faith in the media and then ask himself if this really is a laughing matter.
While we were incredibly charmed by all things ' Guardians of the Galaxy ,' perhaps nothing charmed us more than that final scene of a baby Groot dancing to the Jackson 5's "I Want You Back" in his flower pot. It's one of those moments where you almost immediately think, "I WANT THAT." Sadly, there are no official plans to make a Dancing Groot, but that didn't stop Patrick Delahanty who went all DIY and made his own. And, after watching this video, WE WANT THAT.
So, how did Patrick actually do this? We'll let him explain:
I made this using a “Movin' & Groovin'” flower I got from eBay, cut off the dumb daisy, covered the stem on felt and twine, sculpted the head from Model Magic, and painted everything with brown and tan paint. He can now dance to Peter Quill's ‘Awesome Mix' or my own.
It's so obvious, we can't believe no one thought of it first.
Considering Disney loves money and loves to make money off of merchandising, we can't believe that there are no plans to make this product. Name your price, Disney! Just shut up and take my money!
Anyone else out there with some homemade Dancing Groot toys? Send our way at staff [at] screencrush and we'll post the best ones on the site.
Microsoft has revealed that future 7- and 8-inch Windows 8 tablets will ship with a free copy of Office 2013. Speaking at Computex on Wednesday, Windows CFO Tami Reller revealed plans for Office Home and Student 2013 to be bundled with "small" Windows 8 tablets. It's up to OEMs to bundle the software, which includes access to Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and OneNote. Outlook 2013 will not be part of the free offering for smaller Windows 8 tablets, but Microsoft revealed on Wednesday that Windows RT 8.1 (that runs on ARM-based tablets) will include access to Outlook RT.
The plans follow rumors that Microsoft is cutting licensing costs for Windows and Office on small form factors to help drive interest from PC makers. So far, Acer is the only manufacturer that has opted to announce a small Windows tablet. The company unveiled its 8-inch Iconia W3 at Computex this week, noting that it ships with Office Home and Student 2013. Other manufacturers appear to be holding any 7- and 8-inch Windows tablet announcements, most likely because Microsoft is preparing a Windows 8.1 update that is designed to improve the usability of Windows on small form factors.
DisVM Project
The DisVM project is a re-implementation of the Dis virtual machine specification that defined the user space of the Inferno OS. The Inferno OS was designed to re-hash the ideas in the Plan 9 from Bell Labs operating system but implemented using a platform-agnostic language. The Dis virtual machine was intrinsic to the Inferno OS and ran the byte-code compiled Limbo language. This meant that only the Inferno OS need be ported to a platform and all Limbo compiled applications would 'just-work'. If this sounds familiar, it should. Inferno OS was developed in the early 90's and project Oak - what would become Java - was being developed by Sun Microsystems. The major difference between the two approaches was that Oak's virtual machine would be ported to various platforms and work with the host OS, whereas the Dis virtual machine was tied to Inferno OS which meant there was yet another layer between the host and the Dis virtual machine. This decision had advantages, but also had the large disadvantage of requiring an entire separate OS to run Limbo code.
This project's intent is to take the Java approach and provide an implementation of the Dis virtual machine that is separate from any OS, including the Inferno OS. The project is written in C++ - using only the standard library where possible - and is intended to support compilation on any platform that has a conforming C++ 11 compiler. At present various modules written in Limbo (even the official Limbo compiler) have been verified to run successfully using this implementation. Some precompiled byte-code modules ( .dis extension) have been provided in the Downloads section.
Current Implementation Notes:
Only parts of the built-in Sys and Math modules have been written
and modules have been written The disvm-exec project does not support the original Command entry module since the official Draw module is not currently supported. Instead the entry point is defined by limbo/Exec.m .
Components
This section contains implementation details on DisVM components.
Garbage Collection - src/vm/garbage_collector.cpp
The Dis virtual machine specification described a hybrid garbage collection mechanism that utilized reference counting and a concurrent mark-and-sweep algorithm. The purpose of the hybrid approach was to mitigate cases where reference counting fails (e.g. cyclic references). The algorithm in this project fully implements reference counting, but at present has a naïve synchronous mark-and-sweep implementation.
It has been observed during usage of the Limbo compiler running in DisVM, that the mark-and-sweep implementation has a 20 - 25 % performance impact. This is clearly unacceptable for a modern virtual machine implementation, but was written to satisfy the current needs of the virtual machine as a learning tool. Even though the current mark-and-sweep implementation has poor performance characteristics, the original reason for it was cyclical references, so if data structures are written so these types of references don't or can't exist, reference counting will suffice. The option to disable the mark-and-sweep garbage collector is exposed as a flag on the disvm-exec program or if consumed directly - during instantiation of the VM.
This component can also be replaced with a custom implementation if the DisVM is consumed as a library.
Scheduler - src/vm/scheduler.cpp
The DisVM default scheduler supports utilization of 1 to 4 system threads, which is useful if parallelism is desired at runtime. The current default is for the scheduler to use 1 system thread, but this can be altered from the disvm-exec command line or programmatically.
Like the garbage collector, this component can also be replaced with a custom implementation.
Just-In-Time compilation
There is currently no support for the JIT compilation described in the Dis virtual machine specification.
Build instructions
Requirements
DisVM build scripts can be generated using gyp (Generate-Your-Project)
Install Python 2.7 Get current source for gyp Generate build file for your platform Windows -- gyp.bat src\exec\exec.gyp
Other -- gyp_main.py src/exec/exec.gyp
Python and gyp are only needed for build file generation.
Source
The source tree is as follows:
limbo/ - Source code written in Limbo for testing DisVM compiler/ - Copied and slightly modified source code for the official Limbo compiler
- Source code written in Limbo for testing DisVM src/ asm/ - Library for manipulating byte code include/ - Global include files exec/ - Hosting binary for DisVM (includes debugger) vm/ - DisVM as a static library
Comment prefix Description [TODO] Work to be done in the future. [SPEC] A departure or undocumented assumption in the Dis VM specification. [PERF] Potential for performance improvement. [PAL] Work that should be done in a platform abstraction layer (PAL).
See readme.md or license.txt in source directories for further details or specific licensing.
References
Dis virtual machine specification: http://www.vitanuova.com/inferno/papers/dis.html
Limbo language addendum: http://www.vitanuova.com/inferno/papers/addendum.pdf
Inferno OS - Original Dis virtual machine implementation: https://bitbucket.org/inferno-os/inferno-os/
Licenses
See source directory for a license.txt that defines the license, otherwise licenses for the DisVM project are defined below.
Copyright (C) 1991-2, RSA Data Security, Inc. Created 1991. All rights reserved.
License to copy and use this software is granted provided that it is identified as the "RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing this software or this function.
License is also granted to make and use derivative works provided that such works are identified as "derived from the RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or referencing the derived work.
RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no representations concerning either the merchantability of this software or the suitability of this software for any particular purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied warranty of any kind.
These notices must be retained in any copies of any part of this documentation and/or software.
Copyright (c) 2008-2009 Bjoern Hoehrmann bjoern@hoehrmann.de
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Copyright (c) 1992-2013 The University of Tennessee and The University of Tennessee Research Foundation. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2000-2013 The University of California Berkeley. All rights reserved. Copyright (c) 2006-2013 The University of Colorado Denver. All rights reserved.
$COPYRIGHT$
Additional copyrights may follow
$HEADER$
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer listed in this license in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
The copyright holders provide no reassurances that the source code provided does not infringe any patent, copyright, or any other intellectual property rights of third parties. The copyright holders disclaim any liability to any recipient for claims brought against recipient by any third party for infringement of that parties intellectual property rights.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Unless otherwise stated in a license.txt or above - MIT License
Copyright (c) 2017 arr
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Attacks can come suddenly. In May, a young man in Syria put an ominous warning on Twitter: “The knives have been sharpened, soon we will come to your streets with death and slaughter!” Hours later, two Islamic State supporters opened fire outside a community center in the Dallas suburb of Garland, Tex. Both were killed by officers. After the attack, the Islamic State declared them “soldiers of the caliphate.” It was the first time that the terrorist group had claimed responsibility for an operation carried out on American soil.
As the Islamic State has changed its approach to encourage followers here, the authorities have detected a trend that they believe shows the impact of the group's new message: There has been a significant drop in the number of Americans trying to travel to Syria and Iraq to join the group. Counterterrorism officials say that since July an average of two Americans a month have tried to travel or successfully traveled to Islamic State territory, compared with nine a month over the previous year.
“There's some reason to believe ISIL's social media is urging people to stay home to kill,” the F.B.I. director, James B. Comey, said in an interview in October. He said the decline could be for many other reasons, including additional law enforcement efforts and the realization by many that living in Islamic State territory is “hell.”
Mr. Comey has said the bureau has 900 open inquiries related to the Islamic State. Most of them have not become wide-ranging investigations because they were generated by tips that were not substantiated. According to law enforcement officials, the F.B.I. typically has about 10,000 open counterterrorism inquiries.
In the late 1760s a Milanese machinist/clockmaker Giuseppe Crespi developed a breech-loading system for the Austrian Empire. Working with Ambroglia Gorla Crespi built a practical breech loader which was eventually adopted and fielded by the Austrian army during the 1770s. Crespi's system is a lesser known contemporary of the Girandoni air rifle.
Crespi and Gorla's system was designed to be a conversion of standard Austria's muzzle-loading carbines. It used a hinged breech which tipped up to allow powder and then a ball to be loaded into the chamber. The breech was then closed and the handle locked into a pair of lugs mounted to the barrel. Austrian Emperor Josef II ordered testing of the design and over 350 were initially ordered and delivered by June 1771.
Despite some wrangling over payment a further order for 2,000 guns using Crespi's system was made in 1772. These were to be made by the Ferlach gunmakers association in southern Austria and Crespi was paid a lump sum settlement for his design. Gorla's role in the development of the system is unclear and he did not receive a settlement from the government. In 1771, he sued Crespi for his share but the courts threw out his claim in 1778.
The principle problem with Crespi's system was that it was not gas tight, a problem which plagued many early breech-loading systems. As can be seen in the images above the breech block is flat where it meets the breech. This allowed gas to escape and troops complained the chamber was susceptible to wear. The Crespi carbines were issued to Austrian cavalry with a long bayonet, some sources also suggest a spear point bayonet. The bayonet was carried reversed suspended in the carbine stock. The Austrian carbines were removed from service in 1779, following numerous reports of men being badly burned by escaping gases and opening breeches during the War of Bavarian Succession.
In 1768, Crespi was also allegedly hired by the Portuguese crown to establish a factory at Coimbra to manufacture guns using his system. By 1776, Crespi no longer had any interests in the factory and it was taken over by Companhia de Armamento who continued to manufacture conventional muzzleloading muskets.
In the early 1780s, the Duke of Richmond became the Master General of Ordnance and ordered a selection of breech loaders for trials. Two of these came from Swiss-born London Gunmaker Durs Egg. Egg's carbine was a copy of Crespi's system. The carbines were tested by a board of general officers in July 1784 and it was recommended that the carbine be issued to the Light Dragoon regiments. Egg was paid £31 10s for two carbines with one being presented to King George III and the other retained by the Ordnance office. Sources suggest a further 36 breech-loading carbines were ordered from Egg. In 1786, these were issued to the 7th, 10th, 11th, 15, and 16th Light Dragoons for field trials. These are often reffered to as the Pattern 1785 Egg/Crespi carbines, some of these trials guns were rifled for testing.
The Egg carbines were almost as long as a standard issue Short Land Pattern (Brown Bess) musket which was 58 inches or 150cm in overall length. Based on surviving examples it seems the smoothbore Egg carbine was 48.1 inches or 122cm overall while the rifled version was slightly longer at 53 inches or 135cm in length. This combined with the long reach of the spear bayonet, an estimated 35 inches (88cm) long, made for an extremely long weapon – certainly capable of reaching any mounted assailant a dragoon might face while dismounted. Unlike the Brown Bess' the rifle fired a .60 calibre ball while the smoothbore fired a .68 calibre ball.
A standard dedicated carbine was not introduced for Britain's light dragoon regiments until 1796. Until then the Short Land Pattern musket had been issued to dragoon regiments. The trials report was returned in 1788, recommending that more experimentation with the rifled carbines should be carried out and that a folding bayonet may be better suited to cavalry use.
The lack of a gas seal at the breech was also criticised and the Duke of Richmond began to explore other designs including those by Henry Nock. Tatham & Egg (Egg's nephew) continued to manufacture weapons using the Crespi system until at least 1810, when some were made for volunteer yeoman cavalry (with serial numbers ranging up to at least #134). Crespi's system would be improved by Urbanus Sartoris in 1817, with the addition of an interrupted screw and a moving barrel. Giuseppe Crespi reportedly died in poverty and his breech-loading system became another footnote in the early history of breech loading firearms.
Bibliography:
John H. Hall and the Origin of the Breechloader, D.B. Demeritt Jr., (source)
British Military Firearms 1650-1850, H.L. Blackmore, (1961)
The Austrian Army 1740-80: Cavalry, P.J. Haythornthwaite, (1994)
In Australia, there is no official retirement age but there are special rules that apply, which determine the age when you can withdraw your superannuation benefits (preservation age), and the age when you can claim the Age Pension (Age Pension age).
You can discover your preservation age (for accessing your super benefits), and your Age Pension age (for claiming the Age Pension) by reading this article, or by checking out SuperGuide's Retirement Age Reckoner. If you're unsure of the rules that apply, we recommend you read this article first though, and then check out the Retirement Age Reckoner later (you can also find a link at the end of the article, and in each section below).
Retiring and accessing super: What is your preservation age?
Your preservation age is the age at which you can access your super, provided you have retired from the workforce or satisfied another condition of release. You can access your super benefits earlier than your preservation age, but only in limited circumstances, such as when suffering severe financial hardship, or under compassionate grounds, or due to permanent disability.
The minimum preservation age was 55 years (for those born before July 1960), and increased to 56 years from July 2015 (for those born after June 1960 but before July 1960), and increased to at least 57 years from July 2016 (for those born after June 1961), and increased to at least 58 years from July 2017 (for those born after June 1962), and to at least 59 years from July 2018 (for those born after June 1963). If you were born after June 1964, your preservation age is 60 years. To find out your preservation age, see the table below and the SuperGuide article Accessing super: What is my preservation age?, or SuperGuide's Retirement Age Reckoner.
Accessing super: What is your preservation age?
Date of birth Your preservation age Before 1 July 1960 55 From 1 July 1960 until 30 June 1961 56 From 1 July 1961 until 30 June 1962 57 From 1 July 1962 until 30 June 1963 58 From 1 July 1963 until 30 June 1964 59 On or after 1 July 1964 60
Source: Adapted from the Superannuation Industry (Supervision) Regulations 1994, Regulation 6.01, but layout and wording remains the copyright of Trish Power
Retiring and Age Pension: What is your Age Pension age?
If you're planning to claim the Age Pension when you retire, then your eligibility for the Age Pension becomes important. One of the most important questions is whether you have reached your Age Pension age (and then whether you satisfy the Age Pension income and assets tests).
If you were born before July 1952 then your Age Pension age is 65 years (and younger for women born before 1949). If you were born after June 1952, then your Age Pension age depends on your specific date of birth. If you were born after June 1952, your Age Pension age is at least 65.5 years and can be up to 67 years, if you were born on or after 1 January 1957 (see table below).
Your Age Pension age is based on your date of birth. If you were born after June 1952, then your Age Pension age, depends on your date of birth, and will be one of the following options:
5 years (65 years and 6 months)
66 years
5 years (66 years and 6 months)
67 years
What is your Age Pension age?
Commencement date Age Pension age Affects people born 65 Born before July 1952 From 1 July 2017 65.5 From 1 July 1952 to 31 December 1953 From 1 July 2019 66 From 1 January 1954 to 30 June 1955 From 1 July 2021 66.5 From 1 July 1955 to 31 December 1956 From 1 July 2023 67 On or after 1 January 1957
For more information on your potential retirement age, see the following SuperGuide articles:
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Legendary performer Stevie Wonder this morning expressed his love for Cleveland during a get-out-the-vote rally at Cleveland State University.
His love went largely unrequited.
Fewer than 200 people showed up to watch Wonder perform a handful of his hits at the early voting event in support of President Barack Obama.
Most of the people had learned of the event just hours before the 9:30 a.m. start time. Some just happened to be in the area and followed the live music.
Campaign volunteer Ken Johnson asked who in the crowd had voted early before introducing Wonder.
Nearly every hand went up.
Wonder took the stage at about 10:30 a.m.
"I do a song. You go vote. You come back. We do some more music," he said before opening with "Sir Duke."
No one left to vote after the first -- or any -- song.
A shuttle meant to take voters to the nearby Cuyahoga County Board of Elections left empty after Wonder's final song, "Superstition."
Obama for America Ohio, which hosted the rally, informed its nearly 34,000 followers on Twitter about the event around 10 a.m.
"Perhaps it wasn't advertised properly, but the people who are here are fired up," said Bill Milhoan, of Mentor.
Milhoan, who said he supports Obama, was one of the few people in the crowd who have not already voted.
"It would be disingenuous to say I am here because of Obama," he said. "How do you pass up a chance to see Stevie Wonder?"
Follow Brandon Blackwell on Twitter @blackwelltweets
Cuban president criticises US for shooting unarmed al-Qaida leader in front of his family and predicts a backlash
Fidel Castro has accused the US of executing Osama bin Laden, violating Pakistani law and desecrating Muslim burial tradition in an "abhorrent" operation.
Killing the unarmed al-Qaida leader in front of his family and burying the body at sea would multiply "hatred and revenge" against the US rather than make it safer, said Cuba's former president.
"Whatever the actions attributed to him, the assassination of an unarmed human being while surrounded by his own relatives is something abhorrent," Castro wrote in a column published on Thursday in the communist party newspaper Granma.
"Obama has no way to conceal that Osama was executed in front of his children and wives, who are now under the custody of the authorities of Pakistan … whose laws have been violated, its national dignity offended and its religious traditions desecrated."
Castro's comments put him in company with Hamas and other Islamic groups that have criticised the killing. There is growing international unease over the way the White House's original version of a firefight during the navy Seal raid in Abbottabad last Sunday has changed.
Assassinating Bin Laden and plunging his corpse into the ocean showed "fear and insecurity" that would turn him into a "far more dangerous person" via an anti-US backlash, Castro said. He predicted that after initial euphoria even the US public would end up criticising the operation.
The 84-year-old leader stressed that Cuba expressed solidarity with the US after the 11 September attacks but that Washington then pursued "unjust wars" in Afghanistan and Iraq, killing countless innocents, and tortured suspects at Guantánamo Bay.
His criticism followed a statement from Venezuela's government that the US was fighting "terror with terror" and had used Bin Laden as a pretext to occupy central Asia. It demanded a US withdrawal from the region.
Venezuela's vice-president, Elías Jaua, said the US was using assassination as an instrument to resolve problems. "I never cease to be surprised by how crime and murder has been naturalised and how it's celebrated," he said.
Have you ever wondered what the Baphomet stands for? Or why people think that goats are Satanic? This page explores some of these mysteries on how the goat as Satan, a figure of evil, became adopted by modern day Satanists.
Why are goats Satanic?
Between the histories of Judaism and Christianity, it was first the Jewish who used the symbolism of the goat. The goat was named Azazel, and it was used in a ceremony to represent the sins of the people.
The name came from the jewish “ez azel” the “goat” (ez) which “escapes” (azel)1 The goat became symbolic for the word “scapegoat”, one who takes the blame for other people.
From the New American Standard Bible, Leviticus 16:10, we find: “But the goat on which the lot for the scapegoat fell shall be presented alive before the Lord, to make atonement upon it, to send it into the wilderness as the scapegoat.”
The Azazel goat represented the sins of the people, and when it was released into the wilderness in their ceremony, the people were freed from their wrongdoings. In the ceremony, two male goats were chosen, one representing Jehovah and the other representing the scapegoat, Azazel. The goat chosen in the ceremony was sent into the wilderness to bear the sins of the people.
It was because of this tradition that the goat became symbolic of Satan, who became the scapegoat for the sins of the people. In time, Christianity adopted the symbolism of the goat and it's representation for Satanism, and Judaism in general.
For centuries after, the goat as Satan was seen time and time again as a symbol of Satan. So it was common for Christians to scapegoat other groups and religions with their chosen symbol of Satanism. This was seen time and again, even in modern times, as explored in my essay: The Satanic Panic – Exploring the False Accusations of a Moral Panic.
The Baphomet as a Symbol of Satan
But, where did the Baphomet originate? The word “baphomet” appears as early as 1098, during the crusades, perhaps as a corruption or misunderstanding of the name “Mohammet”. Another theory on the origin of the name was the translation of a Christian soldier recorded during the crusades that named the Muslim mosques “Bafumarias“.2 This remains our most reliable source for the name. Unfortunately, history is not exactly clear on the matter, so we can only speculate on it's true origins which are numerous throughout history.
Baphomet as an Idol of the Templars
The history of the Knights Templars also contributed to why people think goats are Satanic. During the Crusades, the Templars were money-lenders who did business with King Phillip of France. Unfortunately, Phillip owed the Templars a large sum of money, but instead of paying them, he decided to have them captured and tortured into confession.3
Several of them confessed to worshiping a goat-like figure or idol named “baphomet”. This coerced confession sealed their place in history erasing all the good they had done. Their secret society, outside of the bounds of the rule of the church, made it easy for people to suspect them of wrongdoings. They essentially became a scapegoat for evil, and it was from here that the Baphomet became associated with Satan.
Eliphas Levi Popularizes The Baphomet Goat As Satan
Later on in history, it was the occult author Eliphas Levi who created the famous Satanist symbol with the image of Baphomet. From his book “Dogmas and Rituals of High Magic”, he drew comparisons between the Baphomet of the Templars and of Satan.
Levi's Baphomet appeared as a hermaphrodite, representing both male and female energies. The Baphomet was shown with one hand up towards the heavens, and one hand pointing toward earth.
The saying “Sove Et Coagula”, serves to illustrate the idea that the spiritual will gather and dissolve and form into the gross, or dense material, and that the material will then again gather and dissolve into the spiritual. The spiritual is a reflection of the material world.
More than this, however, for Levi the Baphomet was symbolic of initiation:
“Baphomet is not worshiped; it is God who is worshiped, this faceless God behind this formless form, this image which resembles no created being. Baphomet is not a God; He is the sign of initiation.” – Eliphas Levi, Transcendental Magic
What does this “initiation” mean? According to Levi, the Baphomet was symbolic of the void and the creation that comes from it. Simply meaning, that it is the initiation or beginning from where all things come from. Through Baphomet we are taken to the source and the beginning of creation.
The Baphomet and Satanism
Where the Baphomet intersects with Satanism, it was accepted as a universal symbol for Satan. The image was reprinted and changed by several authors throughout time, helping us to understand even further why goats are Satanic.
The goat within the pentagram was first used by Eliphas Levi with his Samael and Lilith pentagram. Within this symbol, found in the book, “History of Magic”, the Hebrew letters surrounding the pentagram spelled out the name of Leviathan. The purpose of this illustration was to show an unholy union between Samael, who was the Jewish angel of Death, and of Lilith, who was the Queen of Demons.
Later, similar versions of the goat contained within a pentagram was created by Oswald Wirth and his book on Masonry4. His same image was borrowed by Maurice Bessy for the cover of his book “A Pictorial History of Magic and the Supernatural”.
The Maurice Bessy Pentagram was then borrowed by Anton Lavey for use in promotional photographs for the Church of Satan in the early years5. Later on it was redesigned and trademarked to suit the Churches aesthetic needs6. But, by then the symbol of the goat and the inverted pentagram had become part of Satanism in general.
Satanists Co-Opt the Use of the Goat and Pentagram
The Goat representing Satan has survived a long and mysterious history. What once was a symbol of evil has now come to represent the ideals, philosophy and religion of Satanism. A symbol that had been used for centuries to demonize other religions and to destroy others through false accusations had become normalized in this day and age, and co-opted by Satanists for their own use.
Satanists have claimed the goat and pentagram as their own, regardless of the where the dark history of these symbols came from. In fact, Satanists even have their own monument in the form of the Baphomet on display in public.
I like that the Satanist symbol is an animal, not some human figure like other religions have. This reminds us that we are indeed, animal, and how we as Satanists will always be scapegoated. It is also easy to see through the dark origins of the figure of Baphomet why people think goats are Satanic.
References:
A Biblical interpretation of Azazel, [http://www.johnpratt.com/items/docs/lds/meridian/2009/scapegoat.html] [accessed 8/27/2017] “The troubadours employ Baformaria for mosque, and Bafomet for Mahomet” The History of the Crusades, Volume 3 p. 497 [accessed 8/27/2017] Barber, Malcolm (2006). The Trial of the Templars (2nd ed.). Cambridge University Press [accessed 8/27/2017] Oswad Wirth, “La Franc-Maçonnerie rendue intelligible à ses adaptés”, “Freemsonry made Intelligible to These Adapted”, 1931, at Google Books [accessed 8/27/2017] Satanism Today (amazon) An Encyclopedia of Religion, Folklore, and Popular Culture, James R. Lewis [accessed 8/27/2017] COS website: [http://www.churchofsatan.com/Pages/BaphometSigil.html] [accessed 8/27/2017]
Return to the Satanism Essays Page
Make sure to share this page if you liked it:
Apple supplier Foxconn has in recent years been accused of poisoning waterways near its facilities in China. Now Republican Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin is not only proposing to give the company a $3 billion taxpayer subsidy, his administration has also quietly slipped language into a bill that would exempt the Taiwanese conglomerate from state environmental protection laws.
Walker, President Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan have in recent days touted Foxconn's announcement that it will open a new manufacturing plant in Ryan's Southwest Wisconsin congressional district. None of them, however, mentioned that the legislation providing the taxpayer subsidies included blanket waivers from Wisconsin's environmental statutes.
Under those laws, companies are prohibited from discharging materials or otherwise polluting wetlands without a specific permit to do so. Under the bill that Walker has put forward, companies within the new “economics and information technology manufacturing zone” will be allowed to discharge material into non-federal wetlands if it relates to the construction or operation of a manufacturing facility. Walker has called a special session that will discuss his bill tomorrow.
Another section of the bill outlines how existing Wisconsin law requires companies to obtain a permit to disturb or transform nearby waterways. According to the official analysis of the bill by analysts in the Republican-controlled legislature, the new legislation will allow Walker's administration to waive those permitting requirements “if they relate to the construction, access, or operation of a new manufacturing facility” in the zone where Foxconn is planning to build its facility.
A separate section of the bill exempts new energy utilities built inside the Foxconn development zone from facing regulatory oversight by the state's Public Service Commission. Those provisions also exempt regulation of the building and relocation of high-voltage transmission lines, according to state legislative analysts.
In 2013, Foxconn drew scrutiny in China for dumping polluted water from its manufacturing facility into a nearby river. Chinese environmental advocates described the water as having a black-green color and a strong chemical smell. Foxconn defended itself by saying it was complying with all local laws within the industrial park where it operated. China has suffered from a widespread problem of arable soil being polluted by heavy metals involved in the electronics manufacturing process.
The language buried in the Wisconsin legislation comes as prominent Republicans have pledged to roll back environmental laws in the name of economic development. Trump, for instance, has said that his pending infrastructure initiative will include proposals to waive environmental regulations. House lawmakers earlier this month passed legislation to reduce permitting barriers for fossil fuel pipeline development.
Whatsapp's New Terms – Everything about Facebook Whatsapp Relationship Rate this post Rate this post
February 2014, Facebook acquired Whatsapp for $19 billion and left everyone to wonder at what will it do with this application which doesn't support any third party advertisement. But little did people know about Facebook's intention to tap the ever increasing user-base of Whatsapp. With the Whatsapp's new terms, the story seems to be clear. Increasing from ~ 450 million users at the time of the acquisition, Whatsapp now serve to more than 1 billion users worldwide (as on February 2016) and all this user data is now shared with Facebook.
Every big company, whose revenue model works because of advertisements, will look for a treasure box full of millions (now billions) of user information stored in it. Hence, the $19 billion dollar acquisition.
Whatsapp's new terms
According to Whatsapp terms and privacy policy, Whatsapp will now share the account information of the users with the Facebook Family Companies. That is, more data for Facebook to carry out its user targeted operations.
What all will be shared?
The account information of the users, like-
Your verified phone number.
Status / display picture (which are not encrypted)
frequency of using Whatsapp.
Whatsapp messages, being encrypted, will not be shared with The Facebook Family Companies.
Will Whatsapp host Ads now?
Whatsapp, still, does not entertain any third party banner Ads. But it, now being a part of we connect people and businesses family, has some future plans –
Businesses, in near future, can communicate to you using Whatsapp messenger.
According to Whatsapp, you might get your banking , flights, E-commerce order, and other service details, and marketing updates of businesses you follow/communicate to over Whatsapp. You'll get a chance to manage these communications, of course. (Just like you did to those candy crush updates. Sigh.)
(Read – Whatsapp Revenue Model)
What's in for Facebook?
Whatsapp, just like its parent company – Facebook, is a free user information collection factory, and Facebook really likes to use the data for its uniquely designed ‘Targeted Advertising'. This concept of targeted advertising has been present since the inception of Facebook (see Facebook's investor pitch deck)
How Facebook will use Whatsapp's data?
More refined Facebook algorithm and ads! Facebook has an old habit of using your data, interests and Facebook using pattern (like time spent on a specific post, likes, comments and shares, etc.) to provide you with your current newsfeed, trending topics, chat listing, suggested friends, and Advertisements, etc.
Now that Facebook has your phone number and other non-encrypted details like status and display pictures, and Whatsapp usage, etc. you can now expect more refined newsfeed, friends and chat suggestions and advertisements, etc. on Facebook
WhatsFuture of this app?
(Opinionated content)
Whatsapp, along with many of its competitors, will face a new iceberg in future, Google Allo. Allo, along with all the existing features of Whatsapp, snapchat and other IM services, will also integrate –
Google search and machine learning functionalities. That is, you can now have a conversation with Google in an IM app.
Google Now on tap. App will recognise the context and content of the chat (in real time) and will suggest appropriate response. For example, if you are planning to have a trip to Malaysia over a chat, Google Assistant will suggest you flights according to your preference. All this over an instant messaging application
This competition can be tough to beat. Hence, Whatsapp is playing smart by connecting with all the businesses you connect to (like banks, ecommerce, etc.), to make it difficult for you to switch over to any another application in future.
Go On, Tell Us What You Think!
Did we miss something? Come on! Tell us what you think of this article in the comment section.
Save
Save
INDIANAPOLIS -- The Colts have signed undrafted free-agent receiver Trey Griffey, a son of Hall of Fame baseball player Ken Griffey Jr.
Editor's Picks Jim Irsay: 'Hard being patient' as Colts go through roster makeover Colts owner Jim Irsay is not a patient man but he may have no choice but to wait for general manager Chris Ballard to turn the franchise around.
The 6-foot-3 Griffey had 23 receptions for 382 yards and two touchdowns last season with Arizona.
His best season was in 2014, when he had 31 catches for 405 yards. The Colts, who already feature T.Y. Hilton, Donte Moncrief and Phillip Dorsett at receiver, didn't select any players at that position during the draft.
Ken Griffey Jr., who was inducted into the Hall of Fame in 2016, played 22 seasons in the majors with the Seattle Mariners, Cincinnati Reds and Chicago White Sox. He finished his career with 630 home runs, 13 All-Star appearances and 10 Gold Glove Awards.
Trey Griffey was selected by the Mariners in the 2016 amateur draft in the 24th round -- fittingly, his father's old team and jersey number. The pick on the draft's final day appeared to be the Mariners paying homage to their former star, as Trey Griffey hadn't played baseball competitively since before high school.
"I told them from day one that I was pretty much done with baseball,'' Griffey told FanRagSports earlier this year. "I told them, 'My love is football. I'm not focused on baseball. I'm focused on football.'''
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Time and again, women find themselves absolutely clueless about how their men “function“. In this article, I will give you some “technical” information which aims to help you understand your man better. Men can also give this article to their women as a user manual 😉
Men Are Wanderer.
In John Gray's book “Women Are Like Waves, Men Are Like Rubber Bands” he describes his observation of the up and down of women's emotions and the need of men for freedom and autonomy. Both forms are hardly understandable for the opposite sex.
Men Want To Be Respected
As James Bauer points out, being respected is one if not the most important thing for a man in a relationship. Men were asked in a study if they would rather give up respect for feeling loved, or the other way around and almost all of them chose respect above love. That again can be seen as respect=love for men. What Men Secretly Want Review By James Bauer.
Men Want To Live Their Independence.
You don't do yourself a favor if you think that you are the cause of him pulling away and coming back. Men mostly have a significantly greater need for autonomy than women. To assure themselves that they still have this independence in a relationship, they need to have the freedom to pull away in order to come back voluntarily.
Men Are Hunters, Not Gatherers.
Have you experienced that when you are going out for dinner, the waiter gives you the menu and within a few moments your man knows what he wants and while you are studying the menu for the next 10 minutes? He's waiting impatiently for you to finally decide. Give him something to do in this time, ask him questions or anything that occupies his mind.
Men Are Creatures With Two Faces.
A man consists of two beings, the friend and the dragon. Every man has the need to pull back from time to time. He uses this time to recover, regenerate and for the clarification of his overall needs. If a man feels uncomfortable or hurt, he's retreating into his “cave” in order to heal – opposed to the need of women to heal their pain by talking to others.
Men Are Cavemen.
If a man is feeling hurt in a conversation with his woman, he'll pull back into his “cave”. Women take that as an insult and follow him into his cave in order to talk it out.
BAD MISTAKE.
By doing so, they are invading a man's last safe room. At this very moment, a man sends his dragon which results in coldness, rejection, silence, insults, rage and in the worst case violence, depending on his temper and emotional stability.
Men Are Overwhelmed By The Power Of Their Emotions.
Frequently, it is said that men have no feelings at all. That is absolutely not true. It is rather that the emotions of men are so intense for them that they shy away from them.
Rage gets suppressed to not hurt anyone; they don't want to feel sorrow so that they don't get lost in it; they ignore fear in order to still be able to act. All of those are legitimate responses and partly necessary survival strategies.
Men Need Their Time Alone.
Men can perceive themselves better if they don't get pushed. As you may have noticed they are not as open to share their feelings as quickly as you would like them to. It is easier for a man to become clear about himself when he's alone.
The more he allows himself to have “me-time” without any distraction, the more comfortable he will feel when he's in company with others. (I'm not talking about isolating himself, I'm talking about some time he needs in his cave where he eventually will come out voluntarily.)
Men Need “Men-Time”.
The game between men and women lives from their differences. There is nothing worse in a heterosexual relationship than when a man tries to act like a woman so that she is happier and the other way around. In this case, the differences disappear and the tension but also the excitement vanish.
Your man becomes your best girlfriend which is clearly not what you want. A possibility for men to charge their batteries with testosterone is being with other men. Particularly effective is when they have a mutual task and/or goal, working or playing together 😉
Men Love To Observe.
It lies deeply in a man's nature just to observe. This might be a reason why men enjoy more to look at those who are dancing instead of dancing on their own.
That is of course absolutely not understandable for us – the sense of dancing is actually dancing, not observing others. If you are looking at Tango you can see that very clearly: while the man is taking care of structure and leading, his partner fills out the room around them by her caprioles.
10. Men Are Responsible For A Space Of Awareness In Relationships.
The task of a man is it to create a stable, protected space for a relationship while women mostly dedicate themselves to supporting the relationship.
Support your man so that he can fill out his role by reducing your effort to manage the relationship. He will feel like your protector, as the man which will make him way more comfortable and relaxed in your relationship.
Conclusion: Yes you guessed it, men function differently than women. The more both of you are able to let yourself fulfill the roles of man and woman in your relationship, the more attraction you will create between the two of you.
The deeper his connection to other men is, the more empathy he will feel for you as a woman. But you can also develop a deeper understanding of the male mind when you accept your femininity.
Synopsis
To show what the USA can learn from rest of the world, director Michael Moore playfully visits various nations in Europe and Africa as a one-man "invader" to take their ideas and practices for America. Whether it is Italy with its generous vacation time allotments, France with its gourmet school lunches, Germany with its industrial policy, Norway and its prison system, Tunisia and its strongly progressive women's policy, or Iceland and its strong female presence in government and business among others, Michael Moore discovers there is much that American should emulate.
To show what the USA can learn from rest of the world, director Michael Moore playfully visits various nations in Europe and Africa as a one-man "invader" to take their ideas and practices for America. Whether it is Italy with its generous vacation time allotments, France with its gourmet school lunches, Germany with its industrial policy, Norway and its prison system, Tunisia and its strongly progressive women's policy, or Iceland and its strong female presence in government and business among others, Michael Moore discovers there is much that American should emulate.
Parental Guide
Uploaded By: FREEMAN
Downloaded 76,192 times
April 25, 2016 at 06:55 AM
This will be my last post on this subject, but I thought it might be of interest to show that Andreas faced his impending death due to lung cancer with dignity and class. Indeed, one could say that he faced it much the same way G'Kar would have, if he existed. A couple of days ago, J. Michael Straczynski, the creator of Babylon 5, posted this message to his mailing list:
His spirits were always up and positive, putting everyone at ease about his condition, because...well, that's the kind of person he was.
A couple of months ago, he and his wife convened a dinner with me, Doug, and Peter Jurasik, which was filled with laughter and stories and good food. He wanted to know all the stories we never told him because, as he said, "Who am I going to tell?" So we did. Because we knew we were saying goodbye, and there would not be a second chance.
Last night, in the company of his wife and family, Andreas closed his eyes and went away.
He lived an amazing life...full of travel and wonder and good work...was part of the world renowned Peter Brook company...he saw the planet, loved and was loved, ate at great restaurants, smoked too many cigarettes...he lived a life some people would die for.
And, sadly, due to the last part of that equation...he did.
Memorial arrangements are still being worked out, but will doubtless be private.
Andreas is gone...and G'Kar with him, because no one else can ever play that role, or ever will.
I will miss him terribly.
J. Michael Straczynski
President Trump would be willing to sit down and meet with Jackie Evancho and her sister Juliet to discuss some of the issues facing younger members of the transgender community in the wake of his decision to lift protections in schools.
White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was asked during his daily briefing on Thursday if President Trump had heard about Jackie's attempts to speak with him and if he would agree to speak with her and her transgender sister, to which he replied: 'I think the President would be welcome to meet with her.'
The 16-year-old singer appeared on Good Morning America Thursday morning, and said that she wants to have a meeting with President Trump so she can 'enlighten' him on the discrimination people like her sister Juliet deal with on a daily basis.
Juliet also appeared on the segment and spoke firsthand about her experiences in school, and the importance of protections for transgender students.
She spoke about how she has 'had things thrown at [her]' and been called 'horrible things' by fellow students ever since she came out as transgender.
'Donald Trump needs to know that being in such an unsafe environment won't do any good,' explained Juliet, who was named Jacob at birth.
'Not only for the transgender and LGBT community, but everyone as a whole.'
Scroll down for videos
Challenged by a teen: Jackie Evancho (above with sister Juliet)made a public plea to President Trump asking him to rethink his decision to lift bathroom protections for transgender students
Jackie (left with Trump in 2009), who sang at President Trump's inauguration, had her transgender sister Juliet (right with Jackie in 2012) speak about what she faces every day at school since she came out as transgender two years ago
Big step: Juliet, who goes to school in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, recently underwent gender confirmation surgery back in January (above)
On Wednesday night, Jackie fired off a pair of tweets asking President Trump to sit down and speak with her about his decision to rescind the federal guidelines put in place by Barack Obama allowing students to use the bathroom matching their gender identity.
'I am obviously disappointed in the @POTUS decision to send the #transgender bathroom issue to the states to decide. #transgender,' wrote Jackie in her first tweet.
She then followed that up by writing: '@realDonaldTrump u gave me the honor 2 sing at your inauguration. Pls give me & my sis the honor 2 meet with u 2 talk #transgender rights.'
President Trump did not respond though, and had been off Twitter for an unprecedented 24 hours by Thursday morning, so Jackie tried a different approach by appearing on GMA.
That seemed to ultimately do the trick.
'I guess I just want to enlighten him on what my sister, what I've seen her go through every single day in school and people just like her, what they deal with,' said Jackie at the start of the interview.
'The discrimination, it's terrible.'
She then handed things over to Juliet, who spoke about what transgender students like her go through at school.
'Basically, being at a high school where the policies on the bathroom are unclear, I, as Jackie has said, I kind of live it every day, going through discrimination,' said Juliet.
'I've had things thrown at me. I've had people say pretty horrible things and the unsafe environment is just very unhealthy.'
Challenged by a teen: Jackie (left on GMA Thursday with sister Juliet) remained respectful of President Trump during her interview and at no point disparaged him
Final answer: On Thursday afternoon, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said that President Trump would be willing to meet with Juliet and Jackie
Big favor: Jackie agreed to sing the national anthem at the inauguration (above) after the planning committee had trouble lining up performers
Juliet was also asked how she felt when she learned that the protections were being lifted, saying: 'When I heard about it I was very disappointed and I realized that we would need to take action in order to enlighten the administration on everything.'
This is not the first time that Juliet has agreed to step forward and share her story, with the teenager penning an essay for Teen Vogue back in December that detailed her coming out journey and the struggles she faced along the way.
'I know God made me this way and guided me through this process,' wrote Juliet in that piece.
'He also gave me a platform to share my story so that I can show others who have similar stories and struggles that there is light at the end of the tunnel.'
Proactive: On Wednesday night, Jackie fired off a pair of tweets asking President Trump to sit down and speak with her about his decision
Still at it: Pls give me & my sis the honor 2 meet with u 2 talk #transgender rights,' wrote Jackie
Juliet underwent gender conformation surgery the next month, an exciting step for the young woman but one that caused her to miss kid sister Jackie singing in Washington DC.
The GMA interview ended with Jackie being asked if she would have still agreed to sing the national anthem at President Trump's swearing-in ceremony knowing now that he would revoke transgender protections.
'Most definitely,' said Jackie.
'The reason I did sing for the inauguration was not politics, it was for the honor and privilege to perform for my country and that will stay the same.'
Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton says newly-released emails show Huma Abedin sending classified information over unsecured networks and Clinton Foundation donors potentially receiving special treatment from the State Department.
Fitton said Abedin was regularly receiving the emails - including from the then-secretary of state - over Hillary Clinton's illicit private server.
Al Gore's Home Uses 21x More Energy Than Average US Household
'This Is Ridiculous': Mark Steyn Goes Off on 'Buffoon' Jim Acosta
He said the group has now uncovered more than 500 emails from Clinton that weren't previously turned over to the State Department. The group said 91 more Clinton email exchanges were found by combing Abedin's emails.
Fitton said if this conduct involved an average person, he or she would have been subject to prosecution for handling classified information in this manner.
"Losing an election ought not to be a get-out-of-jail-free card," Fitton told Tucker Carlson.
On "Fox & Friends," Judge Andrew Napolitano agreed that "justice should be done" based on the law and the evidence.
Tom Fitton: It Appears Susan Rice Was Obama's G. Gordon Liddy
Judicial Watch President: Mueller's Russia Probe 'Out of Control,' Should Be Shut Down
Napolitano said Fitton is "probably more than any person on the planet responsible for discovering the truth" when it comes to Clinton's private server.
The Fox News senior judicial analyst said he believes the emails show a pattern of Clinton Foundation donors receiving favors from the State Department.
"That obviously is against the law and it was never even pursued aggressively by the FBI," he said.
Napolitano said the statute of limitations has not run out and the Justice Department could still pursue a case, as more evidence comes out.
Watch the clips above.
Stephen Miller Rips CNN's Acosta for Revealing His 'Cosmopolitan Bias'
MSNBC's Joy Reid Advises Dems to Forget Trump Voters; Tucker Reacts
Anti-Trump Protesters Target Benson, Coulter at Politicon Free Speech Panel
A Cat's Meow: For Humans?
If you ever thought that you did a great job training your cat to talk to you, think again. In fact, she very well may have trained you!
While kittens and cats in heat usually do mew or yowl, most adult cats living in your home will meow for one reason: To communicate with people. They meow at us for many different reasons, and if you're familiar with and responsive to your cat's meows and requests, then she most likely succeeds in getting whatever she's asking for.
Some believe that the communication a cat has with a human is an extension of the mews they learned to communicate to their mother cat as a kitten. Since a cat remains dependent on her pet parent throughout life, she remains a “kitten” and continues to communicate her needs that way.
So why don't cat meow to one another as much as they meow to people? Frankly, they don't have to.
While adult cats may yowl (while in heat) or growl and hiss (while angry), they usually communicate to one another through body language and scent. (More on this in a future post!) Since most humans don't pick up on these subtle communication methods (or even if they do), your cat has learned that meowing at you is usually the best way to get a response.
Here are six of the most common reasons house cats meow:
To greet you when you come home
When you speak to her
To request attention (affection or playtime)
When it's meal time
If she needs you to do something (open a door for her, move something out of her favorite sleeping spot, etc.)
If she's elderly (meowing may be a sign of mental confusion or disorientation)
Is your cat a big meower? Have you picked up on her language, or is it still a mystery to you? Does she have different words for her different needs? Please share your thoughts in the comments!
Security forces are seen at the site of a bomb attack at a supermarket in the city of Pattani, Thailand May 9, 2017. REUTERS/Surapan Boonthanom
PATTANI, Thailand (Reuters) - Muslim militants fighting for a separate state in the south of predominantly Buddhist Thailand were suspected of carrying out a car-bomb attack on Tuesday outside a supermarket in the city of Pattani that wounded 60 people, authorities said.
A decades-old separatist insurgency in the largely ethnic Malay Muslim provinces of Yala, Pattani and Narathiwat has killed more than 6,500 people since 2004, according to independent monitoring group Deep South Watch.
Most of the wounded were discharged after receiving treatment but 21 with more serious injuries were hospitalized, Arun Prasertsuk, deputy director of Pattani Hospital told a local television channel.
The blast destroyed the front of a Big-C supermarket, scattering debris over a wide area and sending up a column of black smoke.
Muslim insurgents were suspected of carrying out the attack, deputy police chief Rewat Srichantub said. He said the bomber was believed to have fled before the explosion. It was the first car bomb in Pattani since August.
Defense ministry spokesman Kongcheep Tantrawanit said the government condemned the bomb attack and considered it a grave violation of human rights.
Attacks in Thailand's deep south, near the border with Muslim-majority Malaysia, have intensified this year. Six army rangers were killed in an attack last month.
The government recently rejected a conditional offer for peace talks from one of the main insurgent groups, the Barisan Revolusi Nasional, which demanded international mediation or observation.
8.2 our score
Lionheart: Kings' Crusade came as somewhat of a surprise to me. I've always been a fan of the Total War series – but I really don't like where they've taken the series in the last installments. The periods just don't appeal in any way, shape or form – so an alternative to the stale series was something I was really hoping for. And then came Lionheart: Kings' Crusade. Neocore Games haven't just taken the Total War concept, but changed it to do something completely different. And to my absolute surprise, it works beautifully. Intrigued? Read on!
What is Lionheart: Kings' Crusade?
As per definition of Paradox Interactive, the publisher of Lionheart: King's Crusade, it is a real-time strategy game that places you in the era of the Third Crusade, spanning the years 1189-1192. Control and upgrade the leaders and their armies, lead your men into fierce battles, complete the objectives of the campaign by guiding various historical factions through political events, collect relics, and unlock new content on your crusade.
In reality this means that you play a campaign on a map of the middle-east, divided into 16 different regions. In the Crusaders Campaign you play the role of Richard the Lionheart with the aim to bring the entire middle-east to its knees. In the Saracen Campaign, you take the role of the great Saladin and defend your people against the invasion of the Crusaders. You do not manage cities or build armies on the campaign map – but rather play with a persistent army which acquires experience and skills over time. Before you worry about this removing depth from the game, do not worry – the management of your army has enough depth to keep you more than busy!
Gameplay
In this review I will focus on the Crusaders campaign, as playing the Saracen doesn't really hold all that much interest to me. I do wish to state that the decision to include two distinct campaigns in the game really extends its lifespan – and many players will find it very interesting to play the opposing forces. The Campaign is semi-linear but largely leaves the player to choose his or her own path. In the Crusaders Campaign, you start by conquering the Kingdom of Jerusalem, followed by Jerusalem itself. After that, the map really opens up and lets you choose which region to conquer next. Each give distinct rewards and have completely different objectives and difficulties, so choosing where to go next is often an important decision.
Each region has completely different objectives, and before you enter combat you will be presented with a few choices. Depending on the mission, different factions will have different ideas of what your battle plan should be, and the mission will play out quite a bit differently for each choice. This adds additional depth and replayability to the game, as you could play the same campaign again by picking different battle plans. Each region you conquer has between 1 and 4 choices – representing the factions in the game: The French King, The Holy Roman Empire, The Templars and The Papal Court.
By choosing a faction's battle plan, you gain fame with that faction. Increasing fame with factions unlocks new units, rewards and special abilities so it is very much worth bearing your choices in mind when you want to enhance the strength of your army. Unlike Total War, Lionheart: Kings' Crusade combat is often objective-based and additional events can be triggered during combat. Reinforcements can spawn – or a mission can consist of multiple stages, including the construction of siege engines or fortifications during the mission itself. All these elements really add a lot of depth to the game, and makes the game much more fun to play than other games in this genre. I've never found myself bored or ‘waiting for things to happen', as can often be the case in the famous TW series.
After you finish a battle, the campaign map will update, representing the regions that you control, and the regions which you don't control yet. You will also see all regions which you can choose to conquer next. At this point, ‘events' also spawn on the map. Events are represented by various units on the map itself, and depict historic events and other related stories. Often you're presented with several choices, each of which often affect your standing with the factions – as well as your faith. You will also have the opportunity to earn and lose gold – and occasionally one of these events will lead you to combat, if you choose to do so. The rewards are usually worth it, but be careful that you don't leave yourself with heavy losses.
Heroes & Armies
At the start of the campaign, you control Richard the Lionheart and a handful of units. Richard is a hero unit and is significantly more powerful on the battlefield than your other units. In one of the first missions I played, I was flanked by several units of cavalry – with Richard standing on that flank. To my surprise, he absolutely slaughtered the attackers showing me how powerful these heroes can become. Throughout the campaign you will have the opportunity to unlock additional heroes, which has a huge effect on the strength of your army as a whole.
Your army throughout the campaign is persistent, meaning that any surviving units can participate in future battles. Between missions you are able to ‘replenish' units, as well as upgrade them in a number of ways. Each unit can receive four levels of ‘Armor Training' and ‘Weapon Training' which increases their Defense and Offensive ratings. You can also assign healers, priests and captains to units. Healers ensure that 30% of a units losses are negated after combat, priests increase the morale of the unit and captains act as a ‘mini-hero' within the unit, significantly increases its strength. On heroes, you are also able to purchase horses – though this comes at quite a steep price. Essentially it changes a hero from Heavy Infantry into Heavy Cavalry, with absolutely devastating offensive capabilities.
All units also have skills and attributes. On normal units, you can choose a new skill every 3 levels, and an attribute every level. Heroes receive a skill and attribute every level and thus become much more powerful. Their skills also include effects which have an army-wide effect. Skills add all sorts of wonderful abilities to your units, and you will soon find yourself spending a lot of time tweaking and fine-tuning your army. It is worth noting that this is not a ‘fantasy' game, so you will not find magic among these abilities. I know that magic in these games is not everyone's cup of tea.
You can also upgrade your experienced units straight to other units in their class – such as light cavalry to heavy cavalry or even Knights Templar, once you've unlocked them. The units keep all its levels, elixirs, equipment, experience, etc so this is definitely worth doing rather than scrapping units and buying better ones.
Items
As if things were not deep enough yet, Neocore Games have also included an item and equipment system which you can best compare with Dawn of War 2. It's not incredibly in-depth, but each unit can be assigned armor, a weapon and a potion. Throughout the campaign, you will also find elixirs which give your units a permanent increase in certain abilities such as damage, attack rate, armor, etc. Potions can be used during combat and usually provide a boost for a certain amount of time. To give you an example, you might find a potion which increases a units resistance by 20% for a minute. These potions can really get you out of a tight spot sometimes.
Last but certainly not least, you will also encounter relics. Relics in Lionheart: Kings' Crusade are what Commander items were in Dawn of War II. Essentially they add a significant boost to your hero or your entire army. The exact strength of most relics depends completely on the level of your ‘faith', which can be found when you are on the campaign map. There are occasionally opportunities during your campaign to increase your faith and it is absolutely worth doing so. At the beginning each hero can only carry 1 relic, but as your faith increases, so does their ability to carry relics.
Graphics & Audio
Graphically Lionheart: Kings' Crusade more than stands its ground among other games in this genre. The graphics are sharp, pretty and very functional. The screen shots will not all do the game justice as our review machine is getting a little dated and we were unable to run the game at full settings. (Editor: Something we are resolving instantly, a new machine is on the way!) Overall the graphics are not spectacularly groundbreaking, but the scenery is detailed and well-presented. I did quite enjoy the effects of bad weather, storms, and sand when armies march through the desert.
Audio wise, the sound effects are functional and add to the atmosphere in the game. They are however not amazing and not always in sync with what's actually going on in combat – especially when arrows hit enemy units. The music is good but not amazing – it doesn't compare to, as an example, the sound track in Medieval: Total War 2. (Which was amazing).
UI & Controls
This is somewhere that the game surprised me. One of my biggest annoyances in games of this genre is usually the controls. Arthur had a few little annoyances like that, Total War definitely did. But in Lionheart I had none of these concerns and for some reason it just worked as I expected and intended. That's not to say it's all perfect – the camera sometimes prefers to go at pretty annoying angles, but overall I found the game a lot easier to control than similar games.
The UI is another story though. It's pretty well done, with sufficient feedback to the user on almost every aspect of the game. But I encountered one small nuisance: The unit card of the selected unit / enemy units appears when you hover over them. This means if you want to examine the actually unit card, you have to hover away from the unit – will probably hover over another unit and… well you get the point. It's not a big issue when you are playing luckily. The only other wish I had while playing was for ‘unit groups' (e.g. when grouping units with ctrl-1,2,3 etc.) would be sorted in the army list at the bottom right of the screen. They basically stay in their original order with numbers all over them, making it a little confusing mid-combat to quickly see who belongs to what group. Again, it's not a big issue.
Conclusion
All things considered – Lionheart: Kings' Crusade is one of the most enjoyable games of this kind I am yet to play. I expected to lose interest in the game pretty quickly due to the lack of city management and tactical army movement/positioning – but I could not have been further from the truth. The persistent army approach makes the game much more a cross between Medieval 2: Total War and Dawn of War II and it really works like a dream. It's lovely to see your army develop in strength and gain abilities – though you have to be careful that you don't leave a part of your army ‘weaker' than the rest as happened to me , just by focusing too much on specific units.
I would highly recommend purchasing this game if you have even the remotest interest in the genre. It's extremely enjoyable, and has just the right balance between combat and management of your army. There is plenty of re-playability within the 2 campaigns, especially if you take the additional event missions and different battle plans into account. That is before you even start with the scenarios. The addition of semi-RPG elements and the persistent army are brilliantly executed and make this game one of the most fun to play RTS titles I've had the pleasure to enjoy this year!
I made Henry from Fire Emblem on Dynasty Warriors 8: Empires.
I swear I tried to make the eye slits but that was not an option, hahaha. These are as slitty as these eyes can go!
I originally tried out the Art of War Scroll as a weapon for him since it's basically controlling dudes to attack other enemies, but it just seemed not destructive enough for Henry, and he kept getting hit from the back. The Shaman Rod legit shoots fireballs everywhere so that settles it.
Selecting a voice for him was also not easy since the Dynasty Warriors voices basically all follow anime tropes–the hardened veteran, the stoic guy, the pure youth and along that comes with their own scripted dialogue. A big part of Henry's character though is the “moe gap” between his cheery appearance and voice versus the dark shit that actually comes out of his mouth. If Henry shows up in Fire Emblem Warriors, that's definitely a day one buy for me!
Designers and women in open source TL;DR: no designers and no women because open source isn't feminist
What follows is an email I recently wrote explaining my theory that the reasons there aren't more designers contributing to open source projects are the same reasons there aren't more women in open source. It's a roll-up of a few comments I made on Hacker News and Reddit last year.
I would be interested in discussing this idea further through email or Tweet.
In July 2010, Chrissie Brodigan asked why designers don't contribute to open source projects. Charlie Melbye commented on Hacker News that it seemed like designers simply had no interest, and that “any open source project would be very receptive to a designer looking to help out.” I called bullshit and wrote:
I'm not so sure that “any open source project would be very receptive.” The ethos of design is very different from that of open-source development and they are, perhaps, incompatible. There's the example about putting every option in there as a user preference instead of making a decision or alienating a vocal user or developer. This even came up in the iPhone 4 reception UI “bar height” discussion: someone said to just make it a preference, and someone immediately said that's not the Apple way, which is true, but it's really not the way you design well in general. For a designer to contribute to an open source project, there would have to be developers committed to implementing the work, to work on “polish” and “froofy things” instead of “real features” and other “important things.” That's a hard nut to swallow, and what volunteer project owner will ask all their volunteer contributors to, please, stop working on your pet projects within this codebase and let's actually cut features and work on UI and usability and design? Drupal is a great example. Acquia and/or the Drupal Association hired professional designers to redesign drupal.org two years ago but no-one in the community was interested in implementing the theme to completion or doing the work necessary to roll it out to the live sites. It might get done later this year, finally, as they've decided to actually hire people to do the work. Drupal 7 is another example. Designers hired, but no takers on the complete implementation. Only portions of it made into Drupal 7. I've personally dealt with this twice, trying to contribute new logos to open-source projects. One was using a trademarked character as their mascot (IP infringement), and they spent a couple of years discussing it before deciding to not do anything about it at all. The other spent only a year discussing it before it was decided upon, against the very vocal protests of a major contributor. I would wager that as most of the developers of any given open source project are not representative of its end-users, the developers wouldn't even be involved in the design process in the first place. You can't design by committee, only take into account the needs of the stakeholders, and if you don't actually use the software, you might not be at that table. The designer would, essentially, only be generating work for them. That said, I'm sure the most junior designers would love to have “real clients” to work with, to get that vital experience, I'm just not sure many open source projects would actually be able to field them.
A month later, an unrelated blog post by Sara Chipps makes it onto Reddit, and a commenter there takes issue with her domain name (girldeveloper.com) emphasizing her gender, and notes that he doesn't understand why all the female developers he knows “work in Microsoftie land.” I reply:
Microsoft works very hard to make developers feel wanted, welcome, and productive. “Developers, developers, developers” isn't just a funny YouTube video: making everyone who wants to make something feel like they can, that MS will support them and help make them money, is how Microsoft has been as successful on the desktop as they have been. It's in their best interest for them to support you as a developer. You pay some money to indicate interest, and they shower you with devkits and communities and let yourself get carried along. But, open source platforms are a community in the traditional sense of something you pretty much have to be internally motivated to join. Joining an open source community is closer to joining a church or moving into a neighborhood, and, let's be honest, these neighborhoods are sexist boy's clubs with no facility for mentoring, no respect for design, and mailing lists that are 50% dick-measuring contests. My understanding is that mentoring and socialization are really important for women developers, there's a level of trust that has to be built, that the traditional flamebait responses to questions or broken patches are enough to turn them off completely. This is on top of the regular gender issues: being the only woman in the group is incredibly intimidating, and you're always wondering which half of the men only see you as a sex object, and which half of the men assume you're genetically incapable of participating. It's worse when you're a minority, on top of that. Just like open source software tends to have no ability to support proper user experience design, because it's all volunteer and no-one wants to volunteer to enforce “froofy” feature-cutting front-end work (and lose a bunch of those same volunteers), no-one wants to volunteer to discipline (and alienate) a lot of immature, sexist volunteer developers and provide a welcoming, women-oriented (which is really just a socially-accepting, newbie-oriented) development and contribution environment. TL;DR: It's depressingly cultural for open source to be dick-measuringly sexist, but MS makes money when they're friendly to women.
He doesn't like this, and I quote the relevant part of his reply in my response:
So [women] have to be spoonfed? What makes them so goddamn important if they haven't proven they're willing to contribute? I have actually tutored many people before, but if they don't express an interest to learn and willingness to contribute I am not going to waste my time on them. That's the precise, problematic attitude. What you see as spoon-feeding is what normal men and women [here I imply that as a programmer, he is, by definition, abnormal when compared to the general public] see as proper, instructive socialization. “Hi, welcome to the community, here's a housewarming present, here's how things work, we could really use some help over here and I'd love to show you how to work on it, but anything you want to do, feel free and I'll be here to answer and questions and walk you through every process until you feel comfortable.” When you volunteer your mortgage payments and your children's educational future and your commuting time to move into a neighborhood, the neighborhood welcomes you and shows you the ropes because now you're all in it together. With open source, you're also volunteering your time and knowledge and effort, but there's no welcoming committee, no backyard barbecues, just a bunch of unappreciative keeping-up-with-the-Jones', where if you don't have the internal motivation to contribute, you won't last. That's not a good thing. Someone from Mozilla gave a talk a year or three ago about how open source developers have gotten really good at compartmentalizing and distributing development, but that's not the same as working together. It's true. No-one lacks a willingness to learn, but the fact that you were unable to cite a project that has all of these attributes seems to prove my point. That's okay, I don't know of a single one that does, either. (Maybe ThinkUp, founded by Gina Trapani, since they recently announced that a large percentage of their code contributions were by women, but I haven't looked into it at all.) TL;DR: Your comment proves my points.
I believe the problems with open source not being able to handle non-programmers in their projects is the same problem as the rampant sexism: open source culture is not feminist. Feminism is fundamentally about equality for everyone, not just women, and designers of any gender are just as alienated as women programmers, because it's not an equally welcoming environment. There's no perceived value in open source for mentoring, facilitation, disciplining of unruly users, training of newcomers or non-technical users, etc., which are needed to support both designers of any gender and women in any role. I tie these two ideas together in this later comment:
I've been thinking lately that the typical open-source development model, and the typical design process, are incompatible. I commented in this HN discussion about it, but, in general, I am drawing the parallel that the issues that open-source has with regards to being unable to support mentoring, facilitation and being welcoming to new and non-technical contributors are the same issues it has with being unable to support a user-centered design process to drive development.
This Keepstream is a collection of the above, in response to Simon Eskildsen's question and the subsequent discussion last month (in which I did not participate) as to what it takes to get designers to contribute to open source projects.
As another example of the difficulty open source projects have in welcoming new users: an open source project dedicated entirely to making it easy for a project to document how to contribute to it: Brad Fitzpatrick's Contributing.
ESPN has thrown its hat into the ring when it comes to the absurdly early Top-25 ranking for the 2016-17 college basketball season.
Once again, Virginia is placed in the Top-10.
The Wahoos checked in at No. 7 on the list, written by Eamonn Brennan.
“Remember the cafeteria scene in ‘Jurassic Park?' Of course you do,” wrote Brennan. “Dr. Grant asks Dr. Sattler if she's sure a rampant velociraptor has been ‘contained.' ‘Yes,' she replies, ‘unless they figure out how to open doors.' Virginia coach Tony Bennett is that velociraptor. See, Bennett has always relied on player development to make up for the talent gap between his recruits and Duke's or North Carolina's, and now, after three years terrorizing the rest of the ACC, the Cavaliers face personnel losses (Malcolm Brogdon, Anthony Gill) that should be beyond their immediate capabilities.
“Except -- gasp -- Virginia's 2016 recruiting class boasts not one but two top-10 players at their positions, plus Memphis transfer (and former elite prospect) Austin Nichols, plus London Perrantes and the rest of the returners. What is that? ‘It's ... Bennett. He's inside.'”
http://virginia.247sports.com/distribution/signup
Get the latest on UVa sports, delivered straight to your in-box. Sign up for our FREE Wahoos247 newsletter
The ESPN Way Too Early Top-10:
1. Duke
2. Villanova
3. Kentucky
4. Kansas
5. Louisville
6. North Carolina
7. Virginia
8. Indiana
9. Wisconsin
10. Oregon
“This was also announced on Serb BNTV on 3/5th. These chetnicks are still hoping they can start a war with Bosnian Muslims. The fact that they will fight against Tatar Muslims in Ukraine if necessary is an indirect message to Bosnian Muslims. The western media is silent about this terrorist organization. What if Bosnian Muslims went to defend Tatar Muslims? They would be called terrorists.”
(h/t: Amela Lulic)
Sevastopol – At the invitation of a Russian fraternal organization the Chetnik movement is assisting in the Crimea in Ukraine. The Chetnik movement quickly formed a squad called, “Prince Lazar,” under the command of Bratislava Zivkovic, in a record time of three days, he found himself in the Crimea, said the Chetniks from Ukraine.
To Semfiropolisa they came from three different directions, via Russia, Bulgaria and Turkey.
“Members of the Chetnik movement are based in a monastery in the Crimea, and so far have successfully fulfilled all the tasks set,” said the Chetnik movement.
At the invitation of Russian Cossacks, President of the Movement Bratislav Zivkovic has been sent to the Crimea, together with his deputy Milutin Mališića četovođom of the Chetnik guards known as the Wolves, which is part of the Chetnik movement.
Also see: Ukraine Crimea Crisis: Serb Chetnik Militia Joins Pro-Russian Patrols
Music video is one of the best mode of entertainment which is maximally watched by all the people all over the world but what if you don't have a choice to watch it online .If you want to watch Music videos Online then you a choice of great website which offer you to watch video.So I Google to many websites which offer online Music videos watch and after filtering from this website i got great collection of 10 websites which allow you to watch Music video online then why don't you have look below to watch those website1. Youtube YouTube is the leader in online video and also in music video to, it is the top and best place where you can watch and share original videos worldwide through a Web .Here is a great collection of videos by every artist in every genre.2. Yahoo Music is one of the best website where you can watch all the latest and cool Music videos .Their is a great collection of 1000s of music videos from all of your favorite artists online for free.3. MTV Music M…
Visit to a Weird Planet Revisited is a short story by Ruth Berman, the fourth in the anthology The New Voyages. In this story, William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy and DeForest Kelley temporarily switch places with Captain Kirk, Commander Spock and Dr. McCoy while filming Vincent McEveety's The Omega Glory.
Contents show]
Summary Edit
Episode director Vincent McEveety was filming a scene in the transporter room set at Desilu Studios, on a day when shooting had been going poorly and when VIPs were visiting the "hot" set. William Shatner, Leonard Nimoy and DeForest Kelley stood at attention while James Doohan stood behind the console. As the scene started, Shatner's foot slipped, ruining the shot. They took a break, then tried again. But this time, the actors felt dizzy and seemed to see spots. Recovering quickly, Shatner said his line, but the man behind the console seemed not to know the proper response. Looking around, they realized they were no longer in a set. Nimoy grinned and wondered aloud how producer Robert Justman managed to pull off a hoax like this. Kelley realized the man behind the console wasn't Doohan, but Montgomery Scott, and fairly quickly all three deduced that they were aboard the USS Enterprise.
A turbolift-ride later and they were in sickbay, all wondering what was going on. Then Sulu called from the bridge, reporting to Kirk that the ship was under attack. Shatner said he was on his way, and the three went to the bridge. Sulu said the deflectors were protecting the ship. Chekov asked Kirk if the landing party had found anything that explained Klingon interest in the planet. Shatner knew he couldn't say yes, so he said no. Nimoy replied the statement was illogical, and that there could still be something of value. But Nimoy started to crack up, and hurried off the bridge to laugh himself silly in the turbolift.
Shatner asked Uhura to hail the Klingons, and Kor appeared. Shatner was distracted by the Klingon behind Kor, who was of a different race, and he reminded Kelley of a time when makeup designer Fred Phillips realized he'd come up with two makeup designs for Klingons. Kor said they'd named the planet Kahless, and that Federation interest prompted him to claim the planet for the Klingon Empire. After ending the conversation, Shatner fished for information from the bridge crew, then asked Uhura to have Scott meet them in McCoy's office.
Once there, Shatner tried to explain to Scotty that they were actors. Nimoy said it was similar to when they switched places in TOS episode: "Mirror, Mirror" when Spock had a beard. That was proof enough for Scott, as the official report didn't mention Spock's beard. Scott started to consider the scientific aspects of the transposition, but Shatner asked if Scott would explain what was going on with the planet. Scott said the Klingons were found in the system, there seemed to be no reason for their interest, yet they also wouldn't leave. Kirk had beamed down with a landing party to investigate. Scott said the actors could continue their masquerade for now, in case Kor asked to speak to Kirk again.
Back on the bridge, Chekov lamented there was no reason for anyone to want the planet, and that it didn't even have a moon. Instinctively, Nimoy commented that it had to have a moon, since it had tides. He'd grown up in the Boston area and knew what tides looked like. Uhura raised the possibility of solar tides, but Chekov's scans were negative, concluding that a moon had to be in orbit, one which Shatner realized was invisible. He reported the discovery of the cloaked moon to Scotty, who agreed that the Klingons would have had no choice but to claim the planet, or else expose what they had really been doing there.
Scott subtly suggested that Shatner, Nimoy and Kelley come to the transporter room. When they arrived, they overheard Kirk talking to Scott through the console speaker, which made Shatner uneasy. Kirk said they'd get into position on the transporter platform. The actors did the same. When the room faded back into view, Shatner stepped off the platform to tell Gene Roddenberry excitedly where they'd just been, ruining the take yet again. McEveety, having had enough of such failures, gave up and called a halt for that day of shooting.
References Edit
Characters Edit
Starships and vehicles Edit
Locations Edit
Races and cultures Edit
States and organizations Edit
Other references Edit
Appendices Edit
Background Edit
While officially published in a licensed omnibus edition, this story was a sequel to a story that was never officially published. The preceding piece, Visit to a Weird Planet , was written by Jean Lorrah and only saw print as a fan fiction edition at conventions and on mailing list fanzines.
, was written by Jean Lorrah and only saw print as a fan fiction edition at conventions and on mailing list fanzines. Scott called it a ”multi-parallel, space-time inversion,” and he was able to return everyone where they belonged before the “anomaly” shifted.
Director Vincent McEveety filmed three episodes in which Chekov was aboard the Enterprise : Spectre of the Gun, Patterns of Force, and The Omega Glory. Since the crew were otherwise occupied in Spectre of the Gun and Patterns of Force, that left The Omega Glory as the only potential setting.
: Spectre of the Gun, Patterns of Force, and The Omega Glory. Since the crew were otherwise occupied in Spectre of the Gun and Patterns of Force, that left The Omega Glory as the only potential setting. The Omega Glory was filmed between December 15-26, 1967. (The Omega Glory article at Memory Alpha , the wiki for canon Star Trek .)
, the wiki for canon .) Kirk's line, “Scotty, get a report on that power source and meet me in the briefing room,” wasn't in the transcript of The Omega Glory. (http://www.chakoteya.net/StarTrek/54.htm)
Scott said that Kirk had omitted the detail that Spock (mirror) had a beard from the official report of events from TOS episode: "Mirror, Mirror".
While Shatner, Kelley and Nimoy were aboard the Enterprise, Kirk, Spock and McCoy were back on Earth in 1967 on the set of the TV Series.
Kor said he'd been promoted to a rank “equivalent to commodore.”
Related Stories Edit
Atmosphere 0.7 is available! This release contains an impressive number of new functionality and bug fixes. The extensive list of fixed bugs for that release can be read here, and the new functionality are explained below
Native GWT support
Starting with 0.7, the Atmosphere-GWT project is now fully integrated into Atmosphere. That means you can add support for WebSocket/Comet to any GWT application. You can download demos from here.
Wicket Support
As described here, we do support the Wicket framework our of the box. As simple as:
public class PushPage extends WebPage implements AtmosphereResourceEventListener { private final AtomicBoolean scheduleStarted = new AtomicBoolean(false); public PushPage() { HttpServletRequest req = getWebRequestCycle() .getWebRequest().getHttpServletRequest(); Meteor meteor = Meteor.build(req); if (!scheduleStarted.getAndSet(true)) { meteor.schedule(new Callable<String>() { public String call() { String s = new Date().toString(); return s; } }, 1); // One second } meteor. addListener (this); // Depending on the connection String transport = req.getHeader("X-Atmosphere-Transport"); meteor. suspend (-1, !(transport != null && transport.equalsIgnoreCase("long-polling"))); } public void onBroadcast(AtmosphereResourceEvent <HttpServletRequest, HttpServletResponse> event) { String transport = event.getResource() .getRequest().getHeader("X-Atmosphere-Transport"); if (transport != null && transport.equalsIgnoreCase("long-polling")) { Meteor meteor = Meteor. lookup (event.getResource().getRequest()); meteor.removeListener(this); meteor.resume(); } } ... }
you can download the demo here.
Native Redis Support
As described here, you can now use Redis for massively distribute server sides events amongst your Atmosphere application. This is as simple as configuring Atmosphere to use the RedisBroadcaster to broadcast server sides events. If you already have an Atmosphere application, you don't need to change anything except configuring Atmosphere. You can switch from your in memory broadcaster, JMSBroadcaster, JGroupsBroadcaster by simply doing:
// JSMBroadcaster || XMPPBroadcaster private @PathParam("topic") RedisBroadcaster topic; @GET public SuspendResponse subscribe () { return new SuspendResponse.SuspendResponseBuilder() .broadcaster(topic) .outputComments(true) .addListener(new EventsLogger()) .build(); } @POST @Broadcast public Broadcastable publish (@FormParam("message") String message) { return new Broadcastable(message, "", topic); }
you can download the demo here.
Native XMPP Support
As described here, you can now use the XMPP protocol for massively distribute server sides events amongst your Atmosphere application. As with Redis and JMS, you just need to tell Atmosphere to use the XMPPBroadcaster. You can download the demo here.
Broadcasting Callable<T> now supported
As described here, you can now broadcast Callable, which gets executed just before the response is written back to the browser. This is quite useful when scheduled tasks are needed:
if (feed.getAtmosphereResources().size() == 0) { Future<?> future = feed. scheduleFixedBroadcast (new Callable<String>() { private final AtomicReference<String> refreshUrl = new AtomicReference<String>(""); public String call () throws Exception { String query = null; if (!refreshUrl.get().isEmpty()) { query = refreshUrl.get(); } else { query = "?q=" + tagid; } asyncClient. prepareGet ( "http://search.twitter.com/search.json" + query) .execute(new AsyncCompletionHandler <Integer>()) { @Override public Object onCompleted (Response response) throws Exception { String s = response.getResponseBody(); JSONObject json = new JSONObject(s); refreshUrl.set(json.getString("refresh_url")); feed.broadcast(s).get(); return response.getStatusCode(); } }); return "OK"; } }, 1, TimeUnit.SECONDS); futures.put(tagid, future); }
you can download the demo here.
WebSocket Emulator Supported (like Flash)
The Atmosphere JQuery Plugin can now be configured to use an external WebSocket implementation. As an example, you can use the web-socket-js library, which adds support for Flash.
<script type="text/javascript" src="web_socket.js"></script> <script type="text/javascript"> $(document).ready(function() { ..... /* transport can be : long-polling, streaming or websocket */ $.atmosphere.subscribe(uri, myEventCallback, $.atmosphere.request = {transport: getElementByIdValue('transport'), webSocketImpl: new WebSocket(uri) });
Asynchronous write I/O operation now supported
All the Broadcaster has been modified to support asynchronous I/O write operation using a dedicated ExecutorService. This will prevent slow clients to block the entire broadcast process. You can configure the thread pool strategy using the BroadcastConfig API:
Per Request BroadcastFilter
As described here, per request BroadcastFilter are now supported. That means you can transform an events based on some request's headers, query string etc. This is quite useful when it is time to unify browser support, or take advantage of some browser native API. As simple as:
public class JavascriptClientFilter implements PerRequestBroadcastFilter { private final AtomicInteger uniqueScriptToken = new AtomicInteger(); @Override public BroadcastFilter.BroadcastAction filter (HttpServletRequest request, Object message) { if (request.getHeader("User-Agent") != null) { String userAgent = request.getHeader("User-Agent").toLowerCase(); if (userAgent != null && userAgent.indexOf(" MSIE ") != -1 && message instanceof String) { StringBuilder sb = new StringBuilder ("<script id=\"atmosphere_") .append(uniqueScriptToken.getAndIncrement()) .append("\">") .append("parent.callback") .append("('") .append(message.toString()) .append("');</script>"); message = sb.toString(); } } return new BroadcastFilter.BroadcastAction (BroadcastFilter.BroadcastAction.ACTION.CONTINUE, message); }
Improved Dependency Injection Support for Spring and Guice
With 0.7 we have added new API to allow easier integration with Spring and Guice. You can download the demo here.
New Broadcaster's Lifecycle Policy Support
Broadcaster implementation like the JMSBroadcaster can hold open connections and before 0.7 it was difficult to decide what to do with those connections when no WebSocket/Comet connections where alive. We have added a new API that allow an application to configure Atmosphere and decide when a Broadcaster's resource get garbage collected. As simple as:
Broadcaster.setBroadcasterLifeCyclePolicy( IDLE | IDLE_DESTROY | EMPTY | EMPTY_DESTROY | NEVER );
Improve compatibility with other JavaScript Framework
It is now easier to integrate the Atmosphere JQuery Plugin with other framework like Prototype.
Jersey's @DefaultValue and @Singleton now supported
You can now use these two annotations with Atmosphere's object like Broadcaster. As simple as:
More WebContainer supported
Atmosphere 0.7 now support all flavor of Jetty 7 and 8 Websocket implementation, as well a GlassFish v3.1 WebSocket API. Tomcat 7 Servlet 3.0 implementation works also perfectly well.
Broadcaster new API
The Broadcaster API has been heavily improved and you can now look up per request Broadcaster and also you can configure Atmosphere to broadcast value when a resume operation occurs, etc. All new features are available to all Broadcaster. See the API for more information
What's next
The Atmosphere 0.8 release should happen before the summer and will include Socket.IO support, Google App Engine channel support, Cometd 2.2.x support, unified Atmosphere Client Javascript library and of course all the requests asked by the community.
For any questions or to download Atmosphere Client and Server Framework, go to our main site, use our Nabble forum, follow the team or myself and tweet your questions there! You can also check out the code on Github.
Advertisements
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
UBC receives $3.5M for research into Canada's oceans, new projects
OceanCanada is one of several UBC projects to receive SSHRC funding. Photo: Ian Mauro, OceanCanada.
University of British Columbia researchers have received $3.5 million for new projects related to oceans, language revitalization, community development and more from the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council's (SSHRC).
Of the funding, $2.5 million will support new research to examine the future health and economic potential of Canada's oceans.
OceanCanada is a research collaboration between 15 Canadian universities, non-governmental organizations, Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO), and others and is supported by the SSHRC Partnership Grants program. It was one of 14 Partnership Grants awarded nationwide this year and the only one to UBC. The research council grants were announced today by Ed Holder, Minister of State (Science and Technology) at Brandon University.
“SSHRC's support is crucial to advancing our understanding of the future of our oceans, a critical issue for the people of Canada,” says John Hepburn, UBC vice president, research and international.
The six-year project will look at both the challenges and opportunities facing Canada's oceans and the coastal communities, including Aboriginal communities that depend on them. Previous research from the UBC Fisheries Centre suggests that as ocean's warm, fish move to colder waters, indicating that more and more fish could move into Canada's northern waters. Meanwhile stressors like ocean acidification, marine debris and pollution create new challenges for Canadian fisheries and coastal communities.
“Some regions will see new opportunities while others will likely see fewer fish,” says Rashid Sumaila, research director of OceanCanada and a professor in the UBC Fisheries Centre.
“OceanCanada will map out possible future scenarios for our coastal communities so we can prepare and plan for the challenges and take advantage of new opportunities.”
The Canadian economy remains closely tied to the oceans: industries working in, on and around the oceans employ about 315,000 Canadians and contribute more than $26 billion a year to the nation's wealth.
Video: OceanCanada Partnership Project
Background
Today's announcement also included funding for 57 new Partnership Development Grants. UBC researchers received almost $1 million to lead five of these projects:
Leila Harris, associate professor at the Institute for Resources, Environment and Sustainability, will lead a water training, education and research project ($200,000)
Rita Irwin, associate dean of the Teacher Education Office, will lead a project on mentoring programs for B.C. teachers ($200,000)
Hussein Keshani, associate professor in the Faculty of Creative and Critical Studies at UBC's Okanagan campus, will examine a new Islamic Garden at the Edmonton Devonian Botanic Garden ($198,259)
Patrick Moore, associate professor of in the Dept. of Anthropology, will lead a language revitalization project with a Kaska First Nations community ($183,037)
Leonie Sandercock, a professor in the School of Community and Regional Planning, will lead a project on using multimedia for community development on Haida Gwaii ($196,737)
More information about the SSHRC Partnership and Partnership Development Grants here.
Originally published January 6, 2015 at 7:19 PM | Page modified January 7, 2015 at 9:39 AM
Three employees of teen clothing store Wet Seal whose protest of their pending layoff went viral on Reddit said Tuesday they've been fired.
Three employees of teen-clothing store Wet Seal who had posted a sign protesting their treatment by the company said Tuesday they've been fired.
The employees worked at the company's Northgate Mall location — one of several in the Puget Sound area that the struggling retailer is closing down.
The sign at the Northgate store, which went viral on social media, listed grievances after the company abruptly informed employees last week that it was closing that store.
Among the issues: no pay for unused vacation and sick leave time, one day's notice to find new jobs and having to apply for other positions within the company rather than directly transfer.
The big, yellow, handwritten sign, which store manager Andrea Friesner and her assistant managers put up in the store window on Sunday afternoon, had become the top story on the website Reddit by Monday morning.
Friesner, who has worked for Wet Seal for eight years, seven of them at the Northgate location, said employees at the store learned Friday that it was closing, as part of a conference call with three other local stores that had been running deep discounts.
Employees at two of the other stores on that call — the Wet Seal plus-size store at Southcenter Mall and the store at South Hill Mall in Puyallup — confirmed that Tuesday was the last day for the stores.
Wet Seal's corporate office in Foothill Ranch, Calif., did not return several requests for comment.
The retailer had warned in December that it might file for bankruptcy protection. Late last month, it had also received a notice of default from a creditor on $27 million in senior convertible notes.
In its most recent fiscal quarter, ended Nov. 1, Wet Seal reported a net loss of $36 million, compared to a net loss of $12.5 million in the year-ago period. Sales totaled $104.3 million, down from $114.9 million a year ago.
Wet Seal shares closed at 6 cents Tuesday. A year ago, it was trading at about $2.77.
Friesner said she'd been “seeing the writing on the wall” for her store for a while, but “you don't want to believe it's possible.”
After being told Friday that the Northgate location was indeed closing and that Saturday would be the last day of work for the sales associates there, the managers were given the option of a bonus if they wanted to help close the store over the next week.
On Sunday, Friesner, along with her two assistant managers, juggled handling a constant stream of customers snatching items being sold at 70 percent off, selling store fixtures to other businesses and boxing up merchandise.
Two former sales associates came in to help them, even though they weren't being paid.
“Bless them,” Friesner said. “They were loyal. They knew how sad we were.”
When they finally hit a lull Sunday afternoon, Friesner wrote the sign, inspired by a similar one posted by employees at a Wet Seal store in Dublin, Ohio, that had also found its way onto social media.
Friesner, who estimates she had about 102 hours of vacation time and 48 hours of sick time saved up, doesn't know who posted a photo of the sign on Reddit. But by the time it reached about 100,000 views that night, she got “nervous about how quickly it spread,” she said.
On Monday morning, both her district director and Northgate Mall told her to take the sign down, which Friesner did.
Even as she worked at the store that Monday morning, Friesner also tried to quietly give interviews to the media.
She then had a heated exchange with her district director, who had arrived at the location that morning, and had told her that the sign was inappropriate and unprofessional, she said.
Her two assistant managers came in to support her, and all three were fired, they said.
The district director could not immediately be reached for comment.
“I didn't know someone could be fired after being laid off,” Friesner said. “I wanted to see it through to the end. I wanted to finish it out. I had that taken away from me.”
Friesner said she never intended for the sign to go viral and didn't anticipate the impact it would make.
“I was trying to support everyone else,” she said. “I get what we do is sell T-shirts. People are laid off every day. I'm not special. I understand that. I get that, legally, they can do this. It doesn't make it right.”
Janet I. Tu: 206-464-2272 or jtu@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @janettu.
Four weeks for 99 cents of unlimited digital access to The Seattle Times. Try it now!
Despite Jim Harbaugh's best campaigning efforts, quarterback Alex Smith wasn't included on the NFC Pro Bowl roster with Aaron Rodgers and Drew Brees.
But who needs small-timers like Rodgers and Brees?
Smith is keeping company with Joe Montana this season, at least in the Niners' record book.
In last week's 19-17 win over the Seahawks, Smith directed his fourth fourth-quarter comeback on the road this season, matching the single-season franchise record Montana set in 1989. Now, whose comebacks were more impressive? Harbaugh hates to compare – always noting someone will be diminished in the comparison – but we are under no such restrictions.
In this case, Smith is diminished in the comparison, but there's no shame in that when the other man is The Man.
A look at the comebacks:
JOE MONTANA
NINERS 20, BUCCANEERS 16
SEPT. 17, 1989
THE SITUATION: Trailing 16-13 with 3:25 left, Montana directed a 10-play, 70-yard drive capped by his four-yard TD run with 40 seconds left. Montana completed 4 of 6 passes for 53 yards on the drive, which he began with completions of 15, 15 and 11 yards to John Taylor, Tom Rathman and Jerry Rice, respectively.
FOURTH-QUARTER STATS: 8 of 11, 74 yards, TD, INT
NINERS 38, EAGLES 28
SEPT. 24, 1989
THE SITUATION: Trailing 21-10 with 14:50 left, Montana went completely berserk in the face of a Reggie-White-led rush that sacked him eight times. Montana capped scoring drives of 91, 75, 47 and 39 yards with touchdown passes to Taylor, Rathman, Brent Jones and Rice. Stunning stat: Those TD drives, combined, spanned 5 minutes and 32 seconds.
FOURTH-QUARTER STATS: 11 of 12, 227 yards, 4 TDs, 0 INT
NINERS 24, SAINTS 20
OCT. 8, 1989
THE SITUATION: Trailing 20-17 with 10:24 remaining, Montana directed a seven-play, 80-yard that finished with a 25-yard pass to Rice and a 32-yard scoring toss to Taylor with 7:55 left. Montana completed 3 of 4 passes for 64 yards on the drive and added an 11-yard run.
FOURTH-QUARTER STATS: 5 of 7, 97 yards, 2 TDs, 0 INT
NINERS 30, RAMS 27
DEC. 11, 1989
THE SITUATION: Another cuckoo comeback. Trailing 27-10 with 13:24 left, Montana steps up and the Rams fall part — losing two fumbles in less than a minute — on Monday Night Football. Montana throws touchdown of 7 yards to Mike Wilson and 95 yards to Taylor and the comeback is capped by Roger Craig's 1-yard run with 3:37 left.
FOURTH-QUARTER STATS: 8 of 9, 183 yards, 2 TDs, 0 INT.
ALEX SMITH
NINERS 13, BENGALS 8
SEPT. 25, 2011
THE SITUATION: Trailing 6-3 with 8:57 left, Smith led a 10-play, 72-yard drive capped by Kendall Hunter's 7-yard run with 3:59 left. Smith completed 4 of 5 passes for 48 yards, including a 20-yarder to Vernon Davis that set up Hunter's score two plays later.
FOURTH-QUARTER STATS: 5 of 6, 57 yards, 0 TD, 0 INT
NINERS 24, EAGLES 23
OCT. 2, 2011
THE SITUATION: This comeback began after the Eagles took a 23-3 lead with 9:30 left in the third quarter. In the next six minutes and 32 seconds, Smith competed 6 of 6 passes for 138 yards, tossing a 30-yard touchdown to Joshua Morgan and a 9-yarder to Davis. Yes, Montana-esque. Trailing 23-17 with 6:28 left, Smith completed 3 of 4 passes for 13 yards on an eight-play, 77-yard march capped by Frank Gore's 12-yard run with 3:00 left.
FOURTH-QUARTER STATS: 4 of 8, 22 yards, 0 TD, 0 INT
NINERS 25, LIONS 19
OCT. 16, 2011
THE SITUATION: Trailing 19-15 with 5:29 left, Smith led an eight-play, 35-yard scoring drive he finished with a 6-yard pass to Delanie Walker on fourth-and-goal. Smith completed 2 of 3 passes for 10 yards on the drive.
FOURTH-QUARTER STATS: 4 of 7, 24 yards, 1 TD, 0 INT
NINERS 19, SEAHWAKS 17
DEC. 24, 2011
THE SITUATION: Trailing 17-16 with 6:36 left, Smith completed a 41-yard pass to Michael Crabtree down the left sideline on second-and-18 from the Niners' 31. The pass set up David Akers' 39-yard field goal with 2:57 left.
FOURTH-QUARTER STATS: 4 of 6, 72 yards, 0 TD, 0 INT
Maybe if you've been paying attention you've noticed that I'm out to everyone publicly, and have been dressed to work events on a few separate occasions.
What might not be abundantly clear, mostly because I haven't really spoken about it a great deal, is that I've actually been going in to work dressed fairly regularly for the better part of a year now.
I'll let that sink in a bit.
I have been dressing up… at work… fairly regularly.
This isn't something I'd ever dreamed I'd be able to do. Having spent so long, as I'm sure many of us have, worrying that people think we're freaks and horrifying monsters for what we do, being able to do this has been liberating on a scale I never thought possible. On the days I feel like dressing up, I dress up. On the days I don't (which is most of the time) I don't. That is basically all I could ever have asked for.
I know I'm lucky to live in a place where it's more acceptable. I know I'm lucky enough to work in an industry where it's more acceptable. I can't overstate how lucky I am to be where I am and be able to be who I am. It took a lot of encouragement from my wife and my friends, and the CD community in general.
Maybe if I can do it (and I still get STUPIDLY nervous shopping!) then so can you.
What have people's reactions been to my crossdressing at work? Well… fairly normal, actually. People mostly come up to me embarrassed and ask what they should call me. I use the men's toilets – if I was full time, I'd use the women's, but since I switch back and forth, it's simpler to use the men's and have people call me by my normal, male name. No abuse. No jokes. No weird looks.
It's just… normal. Which is exactly what I want :)
I've tried to take a pic every time I dress up at work – I've missed a few occasions (mostly because I just didn't get one flattering enough to post online), but on the whole, this is a fairly complete representation of the days when I do dress to work:
You might be asking: “What's next?” – the answer to which is “Nothing?” – I think, after years of struggle and guilt and shame and practice and pushing my own boundaries and finding my comfort zone, I'm finally at the place (more or less) that I want to be.
I say “more or less” since there's still some things I'm bad at – shopping still scares the pants off me, but I guess I'll just have to keep doing it, and, like dressing up and going out, I assume that it just gets easier.
More!
See more about my experiences Being Out, or to see more pics, click here
xx
Which organs do you expect to be printed in the next two or three years?
V.M.: Thyroid glands, blood vessels, skin and hair, as well as cartilage, bone and adipose tissue. Some organs from this list have in fact already been printed.
By your estimates, a printed organ will cost between 200,000 and 250,000 dollars. Does this mean that only the wealthy will be able to afford them?
V.M.: The history of technological progress shows that once a hi-tech product enters mass production by automated means and starts to be widely used on the market, it becomes tens, scratch that, thousands of times cheaper. So there is no doubt that 3D printed organs will become more affordable with time.
Do you expect foreign clients?
V.M.: Yes, our product is capable of entering the global market. In China alone there are 1.5 million people in need of an organ transplant.
Do you think Russia will be able to create an infrastructure for printed organ transplantation?
V.M.: It is possible, yes. But the government will need to cooperate with private businesses. This will require millions of dollars of investment, but will in time allow the healthcare system to save a lot of money on the treatment of patients. Besides, a country that does not invest in the development of such technologies today will later have to buy it from others, which will be much more expensive.
I started smoking the day after my daughter was born.
After a rough pregnancy where I suffered from severe morning sickness — hyperemesis gravidarum had me vomiting every few days for the duration of it — I had joked about having a celebratory cigarette when it was all over. Then I found myself on my balcony, forming a new bad habit to cope with my postpartum depression.
According to the Centers for Disease Control, 11% to 20% of women who give birth each year have postpartum depression symptoms. Every woman suffers from the hormone slide known as the "baby blues," which typically resolve within two weeks, yet it is just as normal to feel much worse than that.
When I talked to other people during my pregnancy, I knew what I was in for. Almost every mother warned me how difficult the first few days, weeks, months and even year are. All of this advice discouraged me so much that I wondered, What the hell have I done?
I was due January 9, and throughout fall, I felt like a ticking time bomb, a life free and full of potential that would come to an immediate roadblock after Christmas.
At a routine appointment, I mentioned these feelings to my midwife, who immediately placed me on a small dose of Zoloft, telling me this would hopefully prevent postpartum depression from forming later.
Me at 29 weeks pregnant, one of the few days I felt attractive during my pregnancy. More
The first day that my daughter was alive, I felt nothing but elation, amazed and in awe at this tiny creature I managed to push out after a 20-hour labor. The next night in the hospital, the baby laid screaming next to me while my husband slept. I had to get up and go to the bathroom; I was in extreme pain, and it would take 15 minutes or so to deal with the bloody mess that gushes out for weeks.
Surely I can just get a little time to myself, I thought. I was wrong and I knew it then and there. The days of uninterrupted time to myself to do anything were now gone, and I decided I absolutely hated that.
That first week home, I tried my best to stave off those bad feelings. I took the time to shower, put on some makeup, and still managed to cook dinner at night. At first, it made a difference, and I didn't feel anything other than content.
A few days later, I started to run a constant fever from lack of rest and time to heal. I needed to sit on a doughnut-shaped pillow due to soreness, and I couldn't sit down to drive. Two weeks passed by, and I noticed that while I had lost the baby weight, I still had a little, loose, jiggly belly that wasn't quite the same as my former tight, flat stomach.
I felt like shit. My formerly active sex life with my husband took a dive due to my bad self-esteem and pain as I began to feel so distant from who I used to be. I used to be fun, I used to be beautiful, I used to do more than feed a kid 'round the clock and change diapers. At 20 years old, my life was over.
I decided that I regretted motherhood.
With leaving behind a family rooted in the Northeast to move to the Midwest, I had zero help and began to feel so alone. My husband had two separate eye surgeries in the weeks after I gave birth, and it was up to me to run the whole show while I couldn't even take care of myself so I could heal.
On a particularly low night, I left my husband with the baby and ran sobbing out of my apartment and drove off to sit in the parking lot of a diner while I wondered if I would be better off dead. When I came home, I eyed the sharpest knife in my silverware drawer out of desperation, wondering if physical pain would end the emotional despair. Eventually, I realized that something was wrong and needed to change.
Miller Community Center and the Country Doctor Community Clinic (on 19th) host an annual giant holiday party for the clinic's patients and other (mostly disadvantaged) families in Seattle. Kids from 0 to 10 years old enjoy games and receive presents, and everyone gets a holiday meal.
Party is Saturday December 10 from 10 AM – 2 PM at Miller Community Center, 330 – 19th Ave. E.
.Volunteer opportunities:
Tuesday December 6th, 5 – 9 PM at Miiler: help wrap the 1,200+ presents for the party.
Saturday, December 10th: volunteer at the party. Turn up at 9AM to be ready for the guests at 10 AM.
Help with set-up for the party, on Friday December 9th, would also be appreciated
(for the real heros) help with clean-up after the party: Saturday 2 – 5 PM.
You can donate presents (for 0 to 10 year olds): bring them to the wrapping party (see above) or drop them off at Miller Community Center (hours)
We could also use the donated services of a childrens' entertainer/DJ, should you be one or know one!
A bilingual childrens' entertainer/DJ will be there from 11 – 1. Another good reason to come along!
For further details, or to volunteer for the party, contact Center Director Jeremy Doane (206-684-4753, jeremy.doane@seattle.gov ).
This slideshow (from last year) gives the flavor of the gift wrapping, and of the actual party, which served 1660 kids:
One of the best things about summer is the seasonal vegetables and fruits. It's true that we can now “enjoy” all these any time of the year thanks to globalization and farming “advances”. But you know that the crop that belongs to summer tastes like cardboard and hay in winter. Plus, we tend to encourage no-so-wholesome farming practices or shipping of stuff from half the world away when we demand fresh strawberries in winter.
The good news is that the people of old yore have figured out this dilemma so successfully. They dried, jarred and canned things as much as they could in summer. And they made do with what they had in winter. We kicked of our winter preparation by doing a confit of roasted eggplant, red bell pepper and tomatoes. Here is how:
Print Roasted Eggplant, Red Bell Pepper and Tomato Confit Course: Basics Cuisine: Vegan Author : Dreamy Leaf Ingredients 2 large eggplants
3 red bell peppers
4 large tomatoes
1 jalapeño pepper
3 cloves garlic
3 tablespoons olive oil and more to top off the jar
salt and your favorite spices Instructions Chop the vegetables and garlic. Pan roast them slightly with olive oil. Make sure not to overcook them at this stage. Transfer to an oven tray and cover the top (with aluminum foil or your favorite method). Add salt and spices and oven roast them at 400 F for 45 minutes. If you haven't made a confit or a preserve before, please note that the jar and the cap needs to be sanitized first by boiling them in water. When jarring them, you don't want to leave a lot of air but don't fill the jar up to overflow either. Top off with olive oil, and close the lid. Have the jar wait upside down for the next 24 hours to make sure there is no leakage. After that, store in the fridge and enjoy a taste of summer.
Did you like this post?
Like our facebook page
Receive future posts by email
Rangers will not play in the Scottish Premier League this season.
SPL chairmen met at Hampden to vote on the new club's application to replace the old Rangers in the top flight.
BBC Scotland has learned that 10 of the 12 clubs were in opposition, with Kilmarnock abstaining and Rangers voting in favour.
The re-formed Ibrox club will now apply to play in the Scottish Football League but it is not clear which division they will enter.
"The decision to refuse access into the SPL was an overwhelming one and demonstrates the depth of feeling amongst everyone involved in Scottish football," read a statement from Rangers' great rivals Celtic.
"Whilst the financial implications of today's vote for Celtic and for the Scottish game as a whole will be very significant, we have already stated that Celtic has a business plan and strategy independent of any other club.
"In addition, we will be working with our other fellow SPL clubs in the days and weeks ahead to take all possible steps to maximise commercial returns, which remain crucial in these economically challenging circumstances."
Rangers crisis explained Rangers went into administration owing up to £134m to unsecured creditors and will eventually be liquidated
As a result its registrations with the Scottish FA and Scottish Premier League were terminated
Charles Green led a consortium which bought Rangers' assets for £5.5m
The former Sheffield United chief executive is reforming Rangers as a new company
But the 'newco' did not get the required votes for re-admittance to the SPL
Instead the new Rangers could start life in Scottish Division One
Rangers FC plc entered administration in February owing up to £134m to unsecured creditors. The company will eventually be liquidated and has been replaced by a new company run by Charles Green.
The newco has since seen 10 first-team players refuse to transfer their contracts from the previous regime, including skipper Steven Davis and Scotland internationals Allan McGregor, Steven Naismith and Steven Whittaker.
There is uncertainty about who will replace Rangers in the SPL: Dunfermline, who were relegated last season, or First Division runners-up Dundee.
SFL clubs met on Tuesday to discuss a Scottish FA proposal for Rangers to enter Division One but the Glasgow giants could begin season 2012-13 in Division Three if that idea does not gain the support of a majority of clubs.
Eleven out of the 30 clubs have already indicated their opposition to Rangers entering Division One, with a vote scheduled to take place on 12 July.
Media playback is not supported on this device Rangers fans give their reaction to the team's SPL exit
SPL chief executive Neil Doncaster said prior to Wednesday's meeting that three options were available regarding where Rangers should play next season.
He said: "The three viable options are effectively: bringing 'newco' Rangers back into the SPL with a range of appropriate sanctions; putting Rangers into the second tier of Scottish football; or Rangers going into the bottom of the pyramid into Division Three.
"The third option, I was keen to stress yesterday, would inflict massive damage on the whole of the game in Scotland and effectively punish 41 innocent clubs for the misdeeds of one."
Regarding the possibility of Rangers heading down to the First Division next season, Doncaster added: "There are lots of things that need to happen before that might take place.
"The SFL clubs will be meeting again next Thursday and will be voting on that. It remains to be seen how that plays out."
This year's DEF CON CTF used a unique hardware architecture, cLEMENCy, and only released a specification and reference tooling for it 24 hours before the final event began. cLEMENCy was purposefully designed to break existing tools and make writing new ones harder. This presented a formidable challenge given the timeboxed competition occurs over a single weekend.
Dozens of hackers around the internet are writing new shellcode today https://t.co/CQHbCQO8XW — Jay Little (@computerality) July 27, 2017
Ryan, Sophia, and I wrote and used a Binary Ninja processor module for cLEMENCy during the event. This helped our team analyze challenges with Binary Ninja's graph view and dataflow analyses faster than if we'd relied on the limited disassembler and debugger provided by the organizers. We are releasing this processor module today in the interest of helping others who want to try out the challenges on their own.
cLEMENCy creates a more equitable playing field in CTFs by degrading the ability to use advanced tools, like Manticore or a Cyber Reasoning System. It accomplishes this with architectural features such as:
9-bit bytes instead of 8-bits. This makes parsing the binary difficult. The byte length of the architecture of the system parsing a challenge does not match that in cLEMENCy. The start of a byte on both systems would only match every 9th byte.
This makes parsing the binary difficult. The byte length of the architecture of the system parsing a challenge does not match that in cLEMENCy. The start of a byte on both systems would only match every 9th byte. It's Middle Endian. Every other architecture stores values in memory in one of two ways: from most significant byte to least significant (Big Endian), or least significant to most significant (Little Endian). Rather than storing a value like 0x123456 as 12 34 56 or 56 34 12, Middle Endian stores it as 34 56 12.
Every other architecture stores values in memory in one of two ways: from most significant byte to least significant (Big Endian), or least significant to most significant (Little Endian). Rather than storing a value like 0x123456 as 12 34 56 or 56 34 12, Middle Endian stores it as 34 56 12. Instructions have variable length opcodes. Instructions were anywhere from 18 to 54 bits, with opcodes being anywhere from 4 bits to 18 bits.
Someone started a defcon memes channel in the CTF slack. I love my team. #defconmemes @LegitBS_CTF pic.twitter.com/XO6bn3qK0K — Evan (@WontonSlim) July 28, 2017
This required creativity in a short timespan. With only 24 hours' head start, we needed to work fast if we wanted something usable before the end of the four-day competition. This would have been hard to do even with an amenable architecture. Here's how we solved these problems to write and use a disassembler during the CTF:
We expanded each 9-bit byte to a 16-bit short. Originally, I wrote some fancy bit masking and shifting to accomplish this, but then Ryan dropped a very simple script that did the same thing using the bitstream module. This had the side effect of doubling all memory offsets but that was trivial to correct.
Originally, I wrote some fancy bit masking and shifting to accomplish this, but then Ryan dropped a very simple script that did the same thing using the bitstream module. This had the side effect of doubling all memory offsets but that was trivial to correct. We made liberal use of slicing in Python. Our disassembler first converted the bytes to a string of bits, then rearranged them to match the representation in the reference document. After that, we took the path of speed of implementation rather than brevity to compare the exact number of bits per opcode to identify and parse them.
Our disassembler first converted the bytes to a string of bits, then rearranged them to match the representation in the reference document. After that, we took the path of speed of implementation rather than brevity to compare the exact number of bits per opcode to identify and parse them. We made instructions more verbose. The Load and Store instructions iterated over a specified number of registers from a starting point, copying each from or into a memory location. Rather than displaying the starting register and count alone, we expanded the entire list, making it much easier to understand the effects of the instruction in the disassembly at a glance.
With an implemented processor module, we could view and interact with the challenges, define functions with automated analyses, and control how assembly instructions were represented.
We also tried to write an LLIL lifter. This was not possible. You could either have consistent register math or consistent memory addresses, but not both. The weird three-byte register widths and the doubled memory addresses were incompatible. All was not lost, since enough instructions were liftable to locate strings with the dataflow analysis.
If you'd like to get started with our Binja module, you can find our Architecture and BinaryView plugins, as well as a script to pack and unpack the challenges, on our Github.
LegitBS has open-sourced their cLEMENCy tools. The challenges will be available shortly. We look forward to seeing how other teams dealt with cLEMENCy!
UPDATE: The challenges are now available. PPP, Chris Eagle, and Lab RATS released their processor modules for cLEMENCy.
Stop me if you've heard this before: the world economy appears to be stumbling. For a while things seemed to be looking up, and there was talk about green shoots of recovery. But now growth is stalling, and the shadow of deflation looms.
If this story sounds familiar it should; it has played out repeatedly since 2008.
As in previous episodes the worst news is coming from Europe, but this time there is also a clear slowdown in emerging markets – and there are even warning signs in the United States despite pretty good job-growth at the moment.
Why does this keep happening? After all, the events that brought on the Great Recession – the housing bust, the banking crisis – took place a long time ago. Why can't we escape their legacy?
The answer lies in a series of policy mistakes: austerity when economies needed stimulus, paranoia about inflation when the real risk is deflation, and so on.
But why do governments keep making these mistakes? In particular, why do they keep making the same mistakes year after year? The answer, I'd suggest, is an excess of virtue. Righteousness is killing the world economy.
What, after all, is our fundamental economic problem? A simplified but broadly correct account of what went wrong goes like this: in the years leading up to the Great Recession we had an explosion of credit. Old notions of prudence, for both lenders and borrowers, were cast aside; debt levels that would once have been considered deeply unsound became the norm. Then the music stopped, the money stopped flowing, and everyone began trying to “deleverage”, to reduce the level of debt. For each individual this was prudent. But my spending is your income and your spending is my income, so when everyone tries to pay down debt at the same time you get a depressed economy.
So what can be done? Historically, the solution to high levels of debt has often involved writing off and forgiving much of that debt. Sometimes this happens explicitly: in the 1930s FDR helped borrowers refinance with much cheaper mortgages, while in this crisis Iceland is outright cancelling a significant part of the debt households ran up.
‘Financial repression'
More often debt relief takes place implicitly through “financial repression”: Government policies hold interest rates down, while inflation erodes the real value of debt.
What's striking about the past few years, however, is how little debt relief has actually taken place. Yes, there's Iceland – but it's tiny. Yes, Greek creditors took a significant “haircut” but Greece is still a small player (and still hopelessly in debt).
In major economies very few creditors have received a break. And far from being inflated away, the burden of debt has been aggravated by falling inflation, which is running well below target in America and near zero in Europe.
Why are debtors receiving so little relief? As I said it's about righteousness – the sense that any kind of debt forgiveness would involve rewarding bad behaviour.
In America the famous Rick Santelli rant that gave birth to the Tea Party wasn't about taxes or spending – it was a furious denunciation of proposals to help troubled homeowners.
In Europe austerity policies have been driven less by economic analysis than by Germany's moral indignation over the notion that irresponsible borrowers might not face the full consequences of their actions.
So the policy response to a crisis of excessive debt has been a demand that debtors pay off their debts in full. What does history say about that strategy? That's easy: it doesn't work.
Whatever progress debtors make through suffering and saving is more than offset through depression and deflation. That is, for example, what happened to Britain after the first World War, when it tried to pay off its debt with huge budget surpluses while returning to the gold standard. Despite years of sacrifice it made almost no progress in bringing down the ratio of debt to GDP.
But it has been very hard to get either the policy elite or the public to understand that sometimes debt relief is in everyone's interest. Instead, the response to poor economic performance has essentially been that the beatings will continue until morale improves.
Maybe, just maybe, bad news – say, a recession in Germany – will bring an end to this destructive reign of virtue. But don't count on it. – (New York Times service)
From Fairey's blog:
"This image represents my support for the Occupy movement, a grassroots movement spawned to stand up against corruption, imbalance of power, and failure of our democracy to represent and help average Americans. On the other hand, as flawed as the system is, I see Obama as a potential ally of the Occupy movement if the energy of the movement is perceived as constructive, not destructive. I still see Obama as the closest thing to “a man on the inside” that we have presently. Obviously, just voting is not enough. We need to use all of our tools to help us achieve our goals and ideals. However, I think idealism and realism need to exist hand in hand. Change is not about one election, one rally, one leader, it is about a constant dedication to progress and a constant push in the right direction. Let's be the people doing the right thing as outsiders and simultaneously push the insiders to do the right thing for the people. I'm still trying to work out copyright issues I may face with this image, but feel free to share it and stay tuned…"
-Shepard Fairey
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — WCCO has learned that an officer on leave for allegedly threatening to break a teenager's leg has been fired.
The incident was caught on camera last March by 17-year-old Faysal Mohamed.
“Plain and simple, if you f*ck with me I'm going to break your legs before you even get a chance to run. Be honest. I don't screw around,” the officer said.
Mohamed claims Officer Rod Webber pulled over the car he and three of his friends were in. Mohamed's recording of the threat led to an investigation that eventually ended in Webber's dismissal from the department.
The Minneapolis Police Federation says it will likely appeal the firing.
Officer Rod Webber had been on paid administrative leave since late March while investigators checked into the incident. Webber was caught on camera after he pulled over four teenagers in a car in south Minneapolis.
The video shows officer Webber threatening the 17-year-old Mohamed.
Webber held the teens for 45 minutes. All were let go without being arrested. In a statement, Minneapolis Police Chief Janee Harteau said she couldn't speak specifically about this case.
Speaking generally, she said, “Public trust is a vital component to our ability to fully protect and serve the residents of Minneapolis. Officers will be held accountable if their actions are not consistent with our core values.”
Minneapolis Police Federation President Bob Kroll said Webber “is a highly decorated 25-year veteran officer. The board has to review and consider appealing. I believe the board will ultimately appeal the termination as it was unwarranted.”
Kroll says there was more video from the incident that won't be released until all the Federation's appeals are exhausted. Experts say it's hard to judge an officer's actions in a 30-second video clip.
Our attempts to reach the young man who videotaped the incident were unsuccessful.
Thomas Greiss was a shot in the arm for the Phoenix Coyotes: he's was capable backup who simply never had a fair shake in San Jose. Although his 10-8-5 record was not particularly decent, his .920 save percentage and his two shutouts are more than enough to justify his spot on the Coyotes' roster. Phoenix would love to have him continue to back up Mike Smith, but how likely is that?
If Greiss decides he wants more playing time, it seems like there would be more than a few potentially interested suitors for his talents. While most teams are always looking for a serviceable backup, a few franchises currently have quite a bit of flux in their systems that would potentially enable Greiss to either compete for a No. 1 job or more equitably split time in a tandem system. Let's see who some of these teams might be.
Current Goaltenders:
The Islanders are a hot mess for so many reasons. One of their largest problems that has yet to be addressed is their weakness in goal. Nabokov will turn 39 this offseason and statistically had a very subpar year.
At 23, Nilsson is likely the team's goalie of the future, but his stats are even more disastrous than Nabokov's. Greiss would represent an immediate upgrade over the tandem now and could buy the Isles a couple of more years to see what they have in Nilsson.
Current Goaltenders:
The Flames are in a tough spot, as usual. Ramo is still under contract for another season at $2.75M, and Ortio has been serviceable since he was called up following the trade of Reto Berra to the Colorado Avalanche . Ortio looks like he needs more time in the minors before taking on a significant NHL role, so Greiss could be paired up with Ramo as the team still searches for a goalie to replace Miikka Kiprusoff . Will Greiss follow new Flames GM Brad Treliving to the Calgary?
Current Goaltenders:
Pavelec is frequently mentioned as a compliance buyout target , and looking at his numbers, it isn't hard to see why. Pavelec played considerably worse than his counterpart, former Coyotes prospect Al Montoya.
The presence of Hutchinson on the roster makes Manitoba a slightly less likely destination for Greiss. But if Pavelec does in fact get bought out and Montoya moves on to greener pastures, (two moves that seem mutually exclusive in my opinion), the Jets could use someone like Greiss to share the workload.
Other Non-Starting Roles
There are a variety of teams that would love to improve their fortunes in the backup role. The Carolina Hurricanes, the Florida Panthers, the New Jersey Devils, the Dallas Stars and the Washington Capitals are all teams that could potentially be shopping for a No. 2 goaltender in the open market this summer.
Each of these teams appears to be pretty set in terms of their starter, but all have pending UFA backups that for a variety of reasons may not be brought back into the fold.
Conclusion
Both Mark Visentin and Louis Domingue are still not quite at the point where they can reliably earn NHL minutes, and the fact that Mike Smith plays the lion's share of games in Phoenix makes someone look for ice time hesitant to sign on the dotted line.
Greiss has been the best backup the team has had in a long time, and General Manager Don Maloney should make a concerted effort to keep him in the Valley until Domingue or Visentin prove they are ready for the big show.
A troubling theme keeps surfacing in the many lessons-learned studies from the April 17, 2013, explosion in West: It's difficult to prevent disaster and minimize casualties when neither the government nor the local population knows where the danger lies.
Not only was that the case in West, where an ammonium nitrate fertilizer plant exploded and killed 15 people, but scores of other situations like it may exist around the country, according to a new Government Accountability Office report. Auditors say the federal government has lost track of how many facilities are storing ammonium nitrate and how much is out there.
In 2010, U.S. companies produced 7.5 million tons of ammonium nitrate, the report states. But, it said, “the total number and location of facilities in the United States in which ammonium nitrate is stored, however, is not known.”
That's a nightmarish scenario from a security standpoint. Ammonium nitrate was the key ingredient in the 1995 terrorist attack in Oklahoma City and the 1993 explosion at the World Trade Center in New York. It's because of the danger posed by unmonitored ammonium nitrate storage and distribution that federal law requires all facilities storing more than 2,000 pounds of fertilizer-grade ammonium nitrate to report to the Department of Homeland Security.
The West Fertilizer Co. plant where the 2013 explosion originated had failed to comply with federal law. Other federal agencies could have — and should have — served as additional backstops to ensure that plants like West Fertilizer didn't fall off the radar screen. The GAO report mentioned the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Transportation and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives as agencies that should improve the sharing of risk-management data.
Federal reporting requirements not only help the government monitor dangerous chemicals before they fall into the wrong hands, they also provide mechanisms for local officials to coordinate disaster preparedness.
As a recent state fire marshal's report noted, members of the West Volunteer Fire Department were not uniformly aware of what was stored inside West Fertilizer and didn't fully grasp the dangers posed by ammonium nitrate. They also lacked proper training in how to respond when fire broke out at the plant just before the explosion.
Tighter federal monitoring — along with overlapping authority by state and local agencies and best-practices pressure by trade associations — would have helped ensure such gaps didn't develop in West. If scores of other potential Wests exist across America, there's obviously still a lot of work ahead.
Four congressional committees looking into West's experience requested that the GAO prepare this new report. Their commendable, ongoing focus helps ensure that the lessons truly are learned, corrections made and future disasters averted.
By the numbers
7.5 million: Tons of ammonium nitrate produced by U.S. companies in 2010
853,093: Tons of ammonium nitrate fertilizer in the United States in 2012
1,300: Facilities in 47 states acknowledging they had “reportable” quantities of ammonium nitrate
Unknown: Total number of locations and facilities storing ammonium nitrate
“OSHA has regulations for the storage of ammonium nitrate, but the agency has not focused its enforcement resources on the use of ammonium nitrate by the fertilizer industry, which is a primary user. EPA, on the other hand, has regulations requiring risk management planning by facilities that have certain hazardous chemicals, but these regulations do not apply to ammonium nitrate.” — GAO audit report
There has been nothing but positive feedback for Sonic Mania and the developers who brought the 16-bit stylings of the blue hedgehog back to life for home consoles and PC… well, sort of. You see, the PC version of the game would have been lumped in with the console version when it comes to nothing but good vibes and positive feedback. However, Sega decided to dine at the devil's table with none other than Denuvo, and that deal cost them a lot of good will. This rings especially true considering that the deed delivered included making Sonic Mania on PC hobbled with always-on DRM.
TechRaptor shuffled out the basics, including that the developers at PagodaWest Games were none too happy about Sega using their time in the kitchen to cook up the Sonic Mania masterpiece included sliding a knife from out of the cutlery and placing it firmly in the backs of PagodaWest, just like Burke attempting to screw over Ripley in Aliens.
And just like in Aliens how Burke found himself getting screwed over by the xenomorph, Sega now finds themselves getting screwed over by their own customers. Sega is being hammered with the ill-will of the community who absolutely abhors always-on DRM. Yes, the same always-on DRM that crippled the sales of the Xbox One back in 2013 in one of the biggest corporate blunders for a new product in recent history.
Anyway, Sega's PR frontman for the spike-heady blue hedgehog, Aaron Webber, took to Twitter to direct the traffic of digital rage away from the developers and Sonic Mania and toward the rightful targets of the untamed internet hate machine toward Sega's customer support page.
In particular, please do share your feedback on DRM or any issues you're having at the link above. Make your voices heard. — Aaron Webber (@RubyEclipse) August 29, 2017
Over on the Steam forum a rep for Sega notes that they are “investigating the possibility to play Sonic Mania on Steam offline, writing in a post…
“Sonic Mania is intended to be played offline and we're investigating reports on that. We're also investigating other issues like controller support, these are all PC specific things that Christian and the team have been working on these last few weeks”
Gamers, however, don't schedule their entertainment free time around the whims and wiles of investors and shareholders who don't even know the difference between DRM and B.M. So, wisely, some gamers have offered up some useful ways to circumvent Denuvo's DRM until Sega removes it officially.
As noted on Techraptor, there are two guides available on how to bypass the DRM, one from shicky256, which is below…
“1. Make a copy of SonicMania.exe
2. Open SonicMania.exe in a hex editor
3. Go to 1CAABE
4. Overwrite the byte with: EB Before change: 75 30
After change: EB 30”
And the other is from SenMithrarin85…
“1) download hxd and install it
2) make a copy of the game's exe
3) open hxd and then click file>open
4) open the sonicmania.exe
5) press ctrl+g in the box that appears, type 1CAABE and then press enter
6) the program will navigate to 2 values before a 30
7) Do not move the cursor. Type EB
8) it should read EB 30
9) press ctrl+s and close the program
10) replace the game's exe witht he edited one
11) play offline!”
Sonic Mania is currently available on PS4, Xbox One, PC and Nintendo Switch. If you don't feel like opening up a bunch of programs and diddling your fingers around in hex code like a child twirls the little ‘O's in Spaghetti-Os, then I would soundly suggest getting the Nintendo Switch version since it's about as an authentic experience as you can get next to playing on a 16-bit home console.
Just a couple of weeks back, Google revealed Android 4.3 at its “Breakfast with Sundar Pichai” event. While the latest version still carried the Jelly Bean name and didn't really come with any features we would consider groundbreaking, it did come with a few new features and some enhancements to some of the old ones that we covered in our summary of what's new in Android 4.3. One feature that we missed in our coverage was App Ops – a hidden granular permission management system for all the installed apps, including system apps and the ones you installed yourself. However, there's no official way of launching it in this release, and a workaround is using a launcher that allows you to add shortcuts of activities directly. If you don't wanna go through that hassle but still want to be able to access the feature on your device using a normal shortcut, Permission Manager is built for letting you do just that.
Keep in mind that the app will work only on Android 4.3 and won't even install from Play Store on earlier versions of Android, which is understandable because the App Ops feature isn't there in versions of Android prior to 4.3 in the first place. If you own a Nexus 4, 7, 10 or Galaxy Nexus and haven't installed Android 4.3 on it yet, take a look at our Android 4.3 installation guide for Nexus devices.
Permission Manager is available for free on Google Play Store, and serves just one purpose: allowing you to quickly launch the App Ops screen in Android 4.3 just like you would launch any normal app. Upon installation, the app adds two icons to the app drawer, one labeled Permission Manager that launches the app itself (and doesn't serve much of a purpose), and another one labeled Manage Permissions for launching App Ops.
You needn't launch the app itself to use Permission Manager; just tap the Manage Permissions icon to directly launch App Ops, and you'll be able to use the feature directly.
A few words on the App Ops feature itself: it allows you to manage app permissions for individual apps at a granular level – something that has been missing from Android so far, and is an extremely welcome addition to the OS. As you can see above, you can not only see all the permissions an app has, but also choose the ones you want to keep enabled, and simply disable the ones you don't want by using the toggles next to them. Apps are listed under Location, Personal, Messaging and Device tabs, according to the types of permissions. With every permission for an app, you also get to see when it was last used.
Permission Manager is available on Google Play as both a free version and a donated version, which work identically. You can grab the app using the link provided below.
Install Permission Manager from Play Store
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Senators who have vocalized their opposition to net neutrality are taking in, on average, 40 percent more campaign cash from the broadband-delivery industry than those who support it, according to an analysis of campaign data.
The data (XLSX)—a Maplight analysis of campaign contributions prepared for Ars Technica—highlights the disparity between what the monied Washington interests want compared to the public's desires. Most of the 800,000 initial public comments to the Federal Communications Commission backed the FCC adopting net neutrality rules . The commission is weighing whether to enact regulations that, among other things, could prevent broadband providers from charging for Internet fast lanes . The public commenting period ended Monday.
What the commission will do is anybody's guess, but the political money so far is lining up against net neutrality. No vote date has been set.
Adding to the net neutrality intrigue is that it's unclear which, if any, political party will take control in January. Not a single Senate Republican has gone on public record in support of net neutrality.
Sen. Mitch McConnell, the Senate Republican leader from Kentucky, and five other top-ranking Republicans told FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler in a letter that adopting net neutrality is "dangerous," "ill-advised," and "unauthorized."
"Rather than attempting further legal contortions to encumber modern communications networks with last century's rules, the Commission should work with the Congress to develop clear statutory authority and direction for the agency so that it can be a productive regulator for the 21st century marketplace," the May 13 letter said.
Sen. Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) said he'd back the FCC adopting net neutrality. "Let me assure you that I will lead the fight to protect any Open Internet rules promulgated by the FCC against the inevitable Republican attack against such rules," Reid said in response to letters from Demand Progress, MoveOn, and others.
Wheeler is considered the swing vote on the five-member board.
Daniel G. Newman, the president of Maplight, the Berkeley, California-based nonprofit that tracks campaign financing, boiled down the issue to one about "who the government will listen to. The hundreds of thousands of citizens who expressed their support for net neutrality and the many millions who will be affected by this government decision, or a handful of corporations who have invested vast amounts of money in politicians?"
Net neutrality lawyer Marvin Ammori remembers when in 2011 Republicans tried, unsuccessfully, to reverse FCC net neutrality rules the agency adopted in 2010. A federal appeals court invalidated the rules because of a technicality in January. The commission is now considering adopting net neutrality in a way that might comport with the court's ruling.
To Ammori, the campaign data is an example of the dichotomy between the "power of the organized people and organized money."
"Politicians have to collect money all the time. The price you pay for siding with the carriers is lower than the price you pay for disagreeing with them," he said.
The data Maplight crunched concerns campaign contributions that OpenSecrets.org classified into the "cable & satellite TV production & distribution" category and the "telephone utilities" category. Industry in both sectors generally opposes net neutrality. The figures range from 2008 through 2013.
Of the nine senators—all Republicans—opposing net neutrality as of Tuesday, they averaged $140,255 in contributions from both categories, the data shows. Of the 15 senators who favor net neutrality, they averaged nearly $100,000 in contributions. Thirteen of the senators are Democrats and the two others are independent.
AT&T gets the top bill in the telephone category, having given $811,000 during the period. Comcast, whose position on net neutrality is outlined here, was the top giver in the other category, with $786,500.
Here are the lawmakers' public statements (XLSX) on net neutrality.
A man watches floodwaters in a heavy rain at a town hit by Typhoon Soudelor in Ningde, Fujian province, China, August 9, 2015. REUTERS/Stringer
BEIJING/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - A typhoon battered China's east coast on Sunday, killing 14 people and forcing the authorities to evacuate hundreds of thousands more.
The 14 were killed after being washed away by flash floods or buried under collapsed houses or landslides, state news agency Xinhua said, citing authorities in Zhejiang province. Another four people were missing.
Typhoon Soudelor forced more than 188,400 people to leave their homes in Zhejiang and 320,000 in neighboring Fujian, Xinhua said. More than 530 flights were canceled and 191 high-speed trains were suspended.
The typhoon had killed six people in Taiwan earlier in the weekend, then moved across the Taiwan Strait and slammed into the mainland's Fujian province late on Saturday.
It churned towards neighboring Zhejiang and Jiangxi on Sunday, Xinhua said. The Tropical Storm Risk website downgraded Soudelor to a tropical storm as it moved inland.
In Taiwan, the rain and wind eased on Sunday although the Central Weather Bureau warned that conditions remained unstable as crews began clearing fallen trees, mud flows and other debris from blocked roads.
The storm killed six people in Taiwan, with four missing and nearly 400 injured, authorities said.
Typhoons are common at this time of year in the South China Sea and Pacific, picking up strength from warm waters before losing it over land.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
-," said Jessica Bondar from her room at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Montreal Thursday. "Honestly, I have no nice words for her. This (the $40,000 raised) was money to help me get better."
She's waiting for a heart transplant that could come at any moment but now has to deal with the heart-breaking news her aunt has been arrested for allegedly stealing from a trust fund set up to pay her medical bills.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 24/3/2011 (2895 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 24/3/2011 (2895 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
She's waiting for a heart transplant that could come at any moment but now has to deal with the heart-breaking news her aunt has been arrested for allegedly stealing from a trust fund set up to pay her medical bills.
"I think she's a b
FAMILY PHOTO Jessica Bondar in a recent portrait.
-," said Jessica Bondar from her room at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Montreal Thursday. "Honestly, I have no nice words for her. This (the $40,000 raised) was money to help me get better."
Winnipeg police announced Thursday they'd arrested and charged a 38-year-old woman for stealing money raised to help the critically ill teenager.
Bondar, 19, has battled health issues since April 2009, when she went on life-support after suffering heart failure as a complication from the influenza A virus.
Fundraising efforts to support Bondar kicked off soon after, including an auction of a tutu once worn by ballet great Evelyn Hart.
Police said Bondar's aunt opened a trust account and thousands of dollars were donated — but Bondar saw little of it. Instead, police say, Bondar's aunt began using the cash for herself.
KEN GIGLIOTTI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS ARCHIVES Despite illness, Bondar managed to graduate with her classmates from St. James Collegiate in June 2009.
"She's my aunt. You don't (steal) in the first place and you especially don't do it to family. She can't get any worse," Bondar said.
Her mother, Charlotte Roy, and sister of the woman now charged, said she's relieved police have made an arrest.
"We found out it was missing when we had to start paying for some of the medications that weren't covered. That's what the money was for," Roy said.
The family now says they've spent "every dime" they have paying for the injections she needs that cost $500 a week.
"Not only was Jessica wronged but every person that donated money that maybe wouldn't have," she said.
The plucky teen made headlines months after she survived her deadly illness, with the Free Press reporting in June 2009 on her graduation with the rest of her St. James Collegiate class.
The mother and daughter now both live in the Montreal area. Bondar has been in and out of hospital after battling woes like pneumonia, a broken heart pump, blood transfusions and a bleeding kidney since moving permanently to Quebec in late 2009, said her mother. Bondar also still uses a walker to move herself around.
"For the most part, she's doing really well. She's physically stronger, she's spiritually stronger, for sure. And she spends most of her time visiting the other patients, talking to them," said Roy.
Police say the woman accused of stealing from Bondar began withdrawing cash between June and October 2009.
In November 2009, officers from the Winnipeg Police Service commercial crime unit began an investigation into the missing money.
The ill teenager only ever saw a "fraction" of what was raised for her future medical needs, said a police spokesman.
"At one point, the victim in this matter did make attempts to retrieve money from that account, and it was found that the account was for the most part exhausted. There was no money to be found at that point," said Winnipeg Police Service spokesman Const. Jason Michalyshen.
Michalyshen urged Winnipeggers to take proper steps to safeguard charitable donations or funds left in trust.
"Winnipeggers are typically very generous with regard to putting their money forward for good causes, so I want to be careful that other organizations that are legitimate and have registered trust accounts... they're doing good things and we want people to continue to have that giving spirit, but certainly, we have to be careful."
Want to get a head start on your day? Get the day's breaking stories, weather forecast, and more sent straight to your inbox every morning.
The woman is facing charges of fraud over $5,000 and theft over $5,000. She was released on a promise to appear. Police have not released the woman's name, but family confirms it's Sheryl Matheson.
Bondar said she has to stay in the hospital awaiting a transplant because when a heart becomes available, the operation will take place within hours.
"It's very weird hoping for somebody else to die," she said. "It sucks. I'm here until I get my transplant, which could be today or it could be a year from now."
She said she believes her aunt has been ordered to repay the missing money.
"I hope so because I'm going to need it when I get out of here. I'm going to be on medication," she said.
gabrielle.giroday@freepress.mb.ca
The Special Forty is a two-way loudspeaker which uses a new, 28mm Esotar Forty tweeters, a soft-dome designed exclusively for this model.
The tweeter is partnered with a new 17cm woofer, which Dynaudio believes is its best to date. It features a hybrid magnet system which sits in the voice-coil, rather than outside. Dynaudio claims this results in more power and greater efficiency.
The woofer also uses what Dynaudio has dubbed an 'Airflow Basket', designed to hold the driver in place without transferring any unwanted vibrations. It uses special aerodynamic ribs to reduce reflections and improve air movement behind the cone.
Both the tweeter and woofer have been designed with extended frequency reach so they can overlap without too much interference from Dynaudio's first-order crossover.
The Special Forty speakers come in two high-gloss lacquers, Grey Birch and Red Birch. These are exclusive to the Special Forty, which go on sale in June for €3000.
MORE: Munich High-end Show 2017 - news, highlights, the best new products
YOLO COUNTY (CBS13) — California is facing a farmworker shortage, and the blame is landing on the country's changing immigration landscape.
Almost 70 percent of farmers around California are reporting labor shortages this year, according to a survey by the California Farm Bureau.
Yolo County farmer Jim Durst says he blames his shortage on President Donald Trump.
“When people don't feel safe, and they've created a level of hostility in our country, people go into hiding they become incognito,” said Jim Durst.
Durst has been farming for the last 30 years, and it's the first time he's experienced a major labor shortage.
“We always have a waiting list for people to come to work here, and like a week into our tomato harvest, that list went away,” Durst said.
Every summer, an average of 70 migrant farmworkers flood into Durst's farm. This year, Durst says that number dropped by more than 20 percent.
“We're not able to harvest all the product that we have, we're not able to meet our sales,” said Durst.
The shortage cost him close to 30,000 cartons of cherry tomatoes.
“More than I'd like to admit — more like $500,000 to $1 million worth of sales,” Durst added.
Durst says the tomatoes and asparagus he grows can only be hand-picked; there's no other option.
“What you're seeing happening is farmers offering higher wages to attract a workforce,” said Brian Little, with the California Farm Bureau.
But Durst says he's always paid his farmworkers handsomely, which is why he now believes they're hiding in fear.
“I've heard reports of employees being a little uncomfortable,” Little said.
Little says while the president's immigration rhetoric could certainly be scaring workers off the fields, he says labor shortages have been an ongoing issue over the past several years.
“We are continuing to work as we have for the last many years on trying to create immigration and workforce policy that will address this problem,” added Little.
Durst isn't waiting around to see what's going to be done: he says, for now, he has to go with the flow.
“If it means shrinking our farm down? We'll do that too.”
There are several bills in Congress aimed at addressing the shortage, which includes creating a house-work program and issuing temporary visas to undocumented workers.
As waves crashed against the submerged boat, the fishermen slipped off one by one into the sea.
The first to let go was Willis Bell, 70. His stepson, Fernandas Jones, 51, a Navy veteran, deputy, and father, was the next. Jones' son, Jayden, who was only 9, was the last to be lost — despite a desperate attempt by the only survivor, Jones' cousin Robert Stewart, 45, to keep the boy alive.
The three died after a Sunday fishing trip off Stuart turned tragic when Jones' 24-foot center console Sea Ray boat took on water and sank amid rough waves estimated to have been between four and six feet high.
Nearly 24 hours later, Stewart washed ashore on Monday morning, exhausted, signaling for help to a helicopter overhead.
"It hits home for us," said U.S. Coast Guard Chief Warrant Officer Randy Ryan. "Especially when you're dealing with a child. We always give it out the best effort, but when it's a child, it really hits home."
Courtesy of Jones family Palm Beach Sheriff's corrections deputy Fernandas Jones, 51, and his son Jayden Jones, 9, were among three who died after a fishing boat sunk off Stuart Sunday morning. Palm Beach Sheriff's corrections deputy Fernandas Jones, 51, and his son Jayden Jones, 9, were among three who died after a fishing boat sunk off Stuart Sunday morning. (Courtesy of Jones family) (Courtesy of Jones family)
Officials said the foursome, who all lived in Port St. Lucie, planned a fishing trip Sunday, leaving from Sandsprit Park in Stuart at about 8 a.m. Someone on board made a phone call sometime after taking off and before anchoring in 80 feet of water at about 9 a.m. but for reasons that were not yet clear, did not report they were in distress, Martin County Sheriff William Snyder said.
Almost immediately, water from the choppy seas came in the back of the vessel. The boat sank, Snyder said, but didn't go completely under because of its fiberglass construction.
Martin County Sheriff's Office A still shot from a video released on April 11, 2016 by the Martin County Sheriff's Office shows Robert Stewart, the one survivor of a fatal boating incident off Stuart calling for help from the beach where he was found. A still shot from a video released on April 11, 2016 by the Martin County Sheriff's Office shows Robert Stewart, the one survivor of a fatal boating incident off Stuart calling for help from the beach where he was found. (Martin County Sheriff's Office) (Martin County Sheriff's Office)
After Bell and Fernandas Jones died, Stewart and Jayden continued to hang on, taking turns sitting on top of the boat to relieve themselves of swimming, according to Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission spokeswoman Carol Lyn Parrish.
But when the seas became too rough, Jayden couldn't hang on anymore. Stewart tried to save the boy, she said, but was unable to keep him afloat. The waves became higher and the conditions more fierce.
"It made it really impossible to stay on top of the boat," Parrish said.
Back on shore, Fernandas Jones' wife became concerned after she saw Bell and Stewart's cars still parked out front past 5 p.m. She talked to her neighbor, Eber Suazo, who agreed to drive down to the park shortly after 9 p.m, according to a Martin County Sheriff's Office report.
There at the boat launch was Fernandas Jones' truck and trailer, according to the report. It wasn't like his friend, an experienced boater, to go fishing so late, Suazo told deputies. He was concerned something had happened.
"[He was] a beautiful man," Suazo told Sun Sentinel news partner WPEC-Channel 12. "He's not my friend. He's my brother, he's my family."
The Martin County Sheriff's Office mounted a search. Soon, the U.S. Coast Guard, the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office and multiple local agencies joined in, scanning the sea by boat and by plane. They used thermal technology to try and spot the crew, analyzed cellphone data to see what cell towers any of their cellphones might've used.
The dark night and the choppy waters made it impossible for anyone to see anything. Waves shot up six feet, the water temperature dropped to 73 degrees and there was virtually no moonlight to aid in the search.
"There was really nothing in the rescuers' favor or the victims' favor that night," Snyder said.
Matt Volkmer, a meteorologist for the National Weather Service, said the weather was generally fair Sunday, with partly cloudy skies and no rain, but with waves of four to five feet near shore and up to six feet off shore.
As a result of those challenging conditions on the water, an alert for small craft to exercise caution had been issued. Volkmer said the weather service doesn't have any formal definition for 'small craft,' but said it typically refers to recreational boats.
"We're not talking about cruise ships or things of that scale. They're the types of boats you'd see in marinas," Volkmer said.
It is unclear how long the fishermen were able to hang on to the vessel, officials said, but they believe Stewart survived open water for almost 24 hours. The boat eventually washed ashore, Stewart still attached.
He felt the sand under his feet, let go of the vessel and walked to the beach, Parrish said.
He passed out for a period of time, Parrish said, dehydrated and exhausted from his fight to survive. Just after 7 a.m., he came to and spotted a helicopter ahead. Exhausted, he stood up, deputies said, and began waving his hands.
Down the beach a way the father and son washed ashore. A few hundred yards away, Bell's body was discovered too.
Stewart was taken to Martin Medical Center, where he was in serious condition on Monday, said Scott Sample, spokesman for the Martin Health System.
Family members said Fernandas Jones served in the Navy, Bell in the Army. Fernandas Jones worked as a corrections officer for the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office, and before that served as a Miami-Dade County corrections officer for nearly 16 years.
He served in law enforcement in South Florida for 30 years, records show.
Palm Beach County Sheriff Ric Bradshaw said Monday morning said his agency was going to do whatever it could to help Jones' family.
"We're going to wait and let the initial blow wear off to the family and then we'll do what we always do as a larger extended family, make sure that they have everything that they need, and we're going to take care of them as best we can," said Bradshaw.
Snyder said the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission will investigate what caused the boat to sink, though officials do not suspect foul play. He said what should've been a nice afternoon fishing turned into a series of tragic events.
The episode is especially painful, he said, because they lost one of their own.
"We're extremely saddened by the loss of any life," Snyder said, "especially that of a deputy."
Family members told WPEC-Ch. 12 they were devastated. They said Fernandas Jones, Jayden and Bell all loved to fish and to spend time with one another.
"It's a lot to take in," said Shanaris Frager, a cousin of Fernandas Jones. "It feels unreal, like it's not really happening."
Staff researcher Barbara Hijek contributed to this report.
kjacobson@sunsentinel.com, 561-243-6547 or Twitter @katejacobson
Man, what a week so far. I've attended two concerts in two days and there are two more coming up. Saw Kaytranada last night in the Belgian capital and he brought the roof down.
Between all the concert I found the time to record the next episode of the #EclecticSundays mix series.
With all the great releases coming out the last couple of weeks it took me some time to collect the music for this mix. I also did not want to forge the music released besides the big releases. But here we are. We have new music by Kaytranada of his debut, Silentjah & Jace XL are there with the lovely chilled out sacrifice.
There is a brazilian vibe to be found in this mix as well, with Fatnotronic, Von Party and Riggles. Plus especially not to forget the lovely percussion of the new Zealand based band From Scratch.
This is another pretty eclectic mix, and that's how I like it! Hope you enjoy the musical journey!
Stay tuned
Peace!
Phelyno
ZTE grabbed a lot of attention at CES last year when it debuted the Spro, an Android-based portable projector that doubles as a mobile hotspot. The company has chosen Las Vegas once again to announce the next version, and while it's not as buzzworthy as the original, the Spro 2 offers some improvements that are worth a look.
The concept of the Spro 2 is the same. It's a hybrid product that combines the capabilities of a mobile hotspot, projector and Android device. It is designed for mobile professionals and even families who want to use it as an entertainment device (think movie nights in the backyard). ZTE said it got a lot of feedback from its customers after the first one, and the Spro 2 incorporates many of their requests.
For example, the projector's brightness is now doubled from 100 lumens to 200 lumens and includes an auto focusing and auto keystoning feature (the latter corrects an image whenever it becomes warped because the projector is not perpendicular to the screen). The Spro 2 can beam images up to 120 inches in size at 720p HD resolution.
Users should also see improved battery life — about three hours of continuous media streaming, which is double what I got when I reviewed the Sprint version of the Spro.
The Spro 2 is still running a customized version of Android 4.4.2, but ZTE has simplified the user interface, so it's easier to navigate via the five-inch touchscreen on top of the projector. As before, you can get content (movies, games) from the Google Play Store or load up a microSD card with your files.
I spent a brief time with the ZTE Spro 2 at a press event the other night, and the UI does feel a lot more streamlined and cleaner. Projected images looked sharp, and the auto focus and keystoning worked as advertised. But it was hard to judge just how bright the projector was, since we were in a pretty well-lit room. Despite all these improvements, the Spro 2 still feels like a niche product to me.
One other change worth noting is that the Spro 2 will be an AT&T exclusive, instead of Sprint. It will support the carrier's 4G LTE network and can be used as a mobile hotspot for up to eight devices. But pricing and release date were not announced at this time.
NORTH CALDWELL -- Bryce Petty, the Jets' second-year quarterback, knows he has some critical practices coming up this spring and summer, as he tries to show the organization he is worth retaining.
And as he approaches those practices, Petty believes he is much more advanced than he was last year, when the Jets drafted him in the fourth round. One way Petty notices his significant progress -- by playing the Madden video game.
Last year, he was a developmental quarterback facing a steep learning curve. Now, he understands the nuances of playing in the NFL much better (like recognizing defensive tendencies), after he watched and learned last season, while not playing at all.
"For me, where I was when they drafted me last year to where I am now, it's night-and-day difference," Petty told NJ Advance Media on Monday at Jets linebacker David Harris' charity golf event, which benefits the Give the Kids Hope Foundation. "For me, it's a process. Just watching film, I'm seeing things.
"I played Madden the other day, and it's not just picking run plays anymore. It's like, 'Oh, they've got an under front [on defense].' You start picking up things differently. That's exciting for me."
Yet the Jets just drafted Christian Hackenberg in Round 2. They could keep four quarterbacks on their active roster for 2016. General manager Mike Maccagnan hasn't ruled that out.
But presuming the Jets re-sign Ryan Fitzpatrick, where would that leave Petty? Might he be the odd man out, since Geno Smith would give the Jets a game-tested backup behind Fitzpatrick?
"For me, I've got to go out and prove that they made the right choice the year before [by drafting me]," Petty said.
How much closer is he to being ready to play, as a potential understudy to Fitzpatrick, if the Jets decide to retain Petty over Smith?
Grading Jets' 2016 draft picks
"If there's anybody I can emulate playing, mentally wise, it's Fitz," Petty said. "It was so awesome to be with him last year, just to see, cognitively, how he thinks about every play and how he goes in to prepare. The capacity for his mental side of the game to be that extreme, that's what I try to emulate."
(Smith declined to speak with reporters Monday at Harris' charity event.)
Petty is trying to not worry about what Hackenberg's selection means for him, though if Petty demonstrates enough progress this spring and summer, the Jets could cut Smith and have just Petty and Hackenberg behind Fitzpatrick.
"For me, it's about worrying what I've got to do, to make sure that I'm in the best chance to hopefully get on the field this year," Petty said. "That's what I want to do. That's what sucked last year [with not playing]. I know it's part of it, your redshirt year. Especially right now, it's my job to go prove. That rests solely on my shoulders. I'm ready to see the development from Year 1 to Year 2, not only in the film room, but actually hit the field and be able to see things."
Like other Jets players, Petty would like to have Fitzpatrick around the Jets' facility during offseason workouts. But Petty isn't begrudging Fitzpatrick for wanting more money than the Jets have been willing to give him. Petty, like his teammates, has spent some time recently video chatting with Fitzpatrick.
"We want to see him in the locker room, but we also understand it's a business," Petty said. "He's got to do the things to put food on the table for his family."
Darryl Slater may be reached at dslater@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @DarrylSlater. Find NJ.com Jets on Facebook.
The Captain
' Vital Information Species: Human Gender: Male Hair Color: Gray (early 70s)
Brown Character
description: McDonaldland pirate who steals Filet O' Fish sandwiches Character information Appeared in: Has appeared in many TV/print ads for McDonald's from 1971-1987
Captain Crook (later referred to as The Captain beginning in 1984) is a character who was featured in McDonald's McDonaldland series of commercials. He is a pirate and is similar in appearance to the famed Captain Hook from Disney's 1953 movie Peter Pan. The character is comparable to the Hamburglar, the difference being that this villain does not attempt to steal hamburgers but instead tries to take as many Filet-O-Fish sandwiches as possible.
In later commercials, he was referred to simply as The Captain and his appearance was modified to make him look less sinister (and somewhat muppetlike). He was dropped from McDonaldland commercials following streamlining of the characters in the 1980s. His true last appearance would be a small role in The Adventures of Ronald McDonald: McTreasure Island.
He was voiced by Lennie Weinrib.
Description
Captain Crook is a pirate whose name and appearance is based on Captain Hook from Peter Pan. He wears a blue (later black) pirate hat, a red coat, tan pants, white gloves, and black boots. In his early appearances, he was a scary, angry looking man with a bushy mustache and eyebrows. His pirate hat also had a Jolly Roger insignia on it.
In the 1980s, his look changed to appear more kid friendly; he would drop Crook from his name and simply refer to himself as The Captain. His scary face looked more neutral, he carried a green parrot named Matey on his shoulder, and his pirate hat replaced the Jolly Roger logo with a "C" for Captain The "C" is similar to centavo sign.
Gallery
Since our last update a week ago, we've added 18,885 job eliminations at tech and media companies to our Layoff Tracker. That brings the total to 38,538 layoffs across 108 companies over the past two months.
Some of the bigger reductions this week came from Motorola (3,000), Qwest (1,200), and Electronic Arts (600). Among startups, there were job cuts at Revision3 (10), Emusic (10), Sugar Publishing (9), Aliph/Jawbone (25), matchmine (42, deadpool), and Gizmos (10). We've also started adding media companies facing disruption from the Internet, including Gannett (3,000), Time Inc. (600), and Conde Nast (32), whose Portfolio magazine laid off nearly all of its Website staff.
If you know of any layoffs at a tech company, please submit a tip with the name of the company and number of layoffs. If it's been covered, also send a link to the blog post or news article. (For those more interested in who is hiring, check out our job board).
Here is the full list of layoffs from the past week:
New Delhi: Days after a Muslim youth from Haryana was murdered by passengers on a train a short distance from the national capital, the Forum for Muslim Studies and Analysis (FMSA), a pro-Modi Muslim group in Aligarh, has appealed to the prime minister to “do something to stop the open lynching of Muslims who are Indian citizens”.
What makes the call especially significant is that FMSA head Jasim Mohammad was one of the first Muslim activists in the country to welcome Modi after he won a decisive mandate on behalf of the Bharatiya Janata Party in May 2014 and to have, in his own words, “expressed faith in Modi's vision of sabka saath, sabka vikas”.
Jasim who has been receiving flak from other Muslims the past three years for supporting Modi has, in his letter, finally sought to alert the prime minister to the “rising tide of anarchy against Muslims in the country”.
“Since a long time, some incidents are taking place in [the] country, particularly in north India wherein the Muslims are being lynched on one pretext or the other, which is sending a wrong message among society not only among Muslims but also in other communities,” said Jasim in his letter, a copy of which is with The Wire.
“Such incidents like [the one in which] Junaid, a Hafiz-e-Qur'an, has been lynched on a Mathura-bound train between Okhla and Asoti villages (Haryana) have increased concern for the security of Indian citizens who happen to be Muslims. Though the incident concerns the state government, people look towards the Central government and say why [it] is not taking any action,” the letter further said.
“There is dire need to control and contain such incidents otherwise I am afraid that we are entering a dangerous phase which will indicate that the government has lost control. I am associating with thousands of people socially and carrying on your agenda, so please pay attention and do something to stop the open lynching of Muslims who are Indian citizens,” said Jasim, who has written six books in Urdu praising Modi's idea of governance and has met the prime minister several times in the past two years.
The titles of Jasim Mohammad's books make his leanings amply clear: Narendra Bhai Modi “Farsh se Arsh Tak”,
Statesman Narendra Modi, Mann se Jan tak – Narendra Modi, Aalami Qaid – Narendra Bhai Modi, Narendra Modi Calling, Mann Ki Baat' I & II and The Message Narendra Modi.
Mohammad told Modi in his letter that though he was proud of being called a “Modi bhakt”, he did not have any answer to questions posed to him by fellow Muslims about the perceived silence of the Modi government and its inaction in preventing the lynching of Muslims in the country.
“I feel proud and honoured to be called a ‘Modi bhakt'. I am associated with you and publicly favour you without any hitch. But now thousands of people are asking me questions about this rise of lynching trend, but I am at loss to reply them,” wrote Jasim who last year announced the establishment of ‘Narendra Modi scholarships' for poor and bright Muslim students.
He said that the call among Muslims to observe Eid while wearing a black ribbon as a protest against the trend of lynching would hurt the country in the eyes of people the world over. “You will be aware that now Muslims are appealing on social media and in public to celebrate this Eid wearing black badges as [a] protest. I believe that this will not only send a wrong message within country but it will certainly make impact internationally,” he said.
Jasim Mohammad said in his letter to Modi that the failure to take action against the rising trend of anarchy against Muslims, would eventually be bad for Modi's image of running a strong government.
Finally, apprehensive that his letter should not be taken as criticism of Modi's governance, he ends his letter saying, “Believe me, I am with you but I am sending you this letter in good faith to save your dignity and prestige apart [from] saving national unity.”
CENTENNIAL — Wearing looks of stoic responsibility as their verdicts were read, jurors on Monday took another step toward a possible death sentence in the Aurora movie theater shooting trial.
In making the decision to move forward, the jury of nine women and three men unanimously concluded that nothing about James Holmes' life or mental illness was sufficient to outweigh the horror of the 12 murders he committed.
The verdicts were reached after less than three hours of deliberation that began last week. It means the trial now moves into a final phase of sentencing where jurors will decide the ultimate question on Holmes' punishment: life or death?
“I'm just very, very happy that the jurors are very professional,” said Joshua Nowlan, one of 70 people who was wounded in the attack on the Century Aurora 16 theater. As he spoke outside the courthouse after the verdicts were read, Nowlan used a cane to support himself on a bullet-shattered leg. His short-sleeved shirt revealed jagged scars on his right arm.
“You can tell this is not easy for them.”
The decision, Nowlan said, means the victims will soon “finally get the closure we deserve.”
Monday's verdicts were ultimately an incremental step toward a conclusion for the trial, but they came with the anticipation of the final decision.
For the first time since the trial began in April, jurors were asked to make a decision based not only on facts and the law but also on their personal morals. Had the jury not unanimously agreed that Holmes' crime was so awful that it outweighed any counterbalancing details about his life, Holmes would have been sentenced to life in prison without the possibility of parole. It was the first realistic chance for the case's end since jurors last month found Holmes guilty.
The courtroom filled up nervously prior to the verdicts' 12:30 p.m. reading.
As the judge looked over the verdict forms, defense attorney Tamara Brady moved to the front edge of her seat. Her colleague, Daniel King, briefly closed his eyes. Victims' families, seated in the courtroom audience, stared forward with expectation.
But when Judge Carlos Samour Jr. began reading the verdicts, what rippled through the courtroom was not cathartic release but rather emotional refortification.
Brady and King appeared to show no emotion as Samour announced the jurors' decision to move forward on each of the murder counts. Neither did prosecutors.
In the gallery, a handful of family members of the slain wept quietly on one side. On the other side, Holmes' mother, Arlene, bowed her head and wiped a few tears from her eyes. She and Holmes' father, Robert, tightly held hands.
The verdicts mean the trial enters perhaps its most heartbreaking phase Tuesday morning.
Colorado's method for deciding a possible death sentence is a three-step process. In the first step, which concluded last month in the theater shooting case, jurors must decide whether a murder is especially heinous enough to be eligible for the death penalty.
In the second step — which jurors decided Monday — defense attorneys present evidence about the whole of a defendant's life. Jurors must then decide whether those details — in Holmes' case, a polite childhood, a previously violence-free record and a diagnosis of schizophrenia — outweigh the awful things about the crime that make it eligible for the most severe punishment.
In the third step, prosecutors call family members of those murdered to testify about how the crime has impacted their lives — something known legally as “victim-impact evidence.” The prosecution in the theater shooting trial plans for that testimony to take two or three days.
Sandy Phillips, whose daughter Jessica Ghawi was killed in the attack three years ago, said she expects to testify at long last on Tuesday.
“I'm going to share Jessica with the jury,” she said.
Witnesses in the third step will be able to tell jurors about the kinds of details that were kept out of the trial's guilt phase — about the last phone call they had with their loved one or about the sleepless nights they've suffered since. On Monday, Samour ruled that close friends of the victims also will be able to testify.
No one will be allowed to ask jurors for a specific sentence.
“Likely what we're about to hear will be enormously emotional,” said Denver defense attorney and legal analyst Larry Pozner.
Holmes' attorneys also will have the chance to put on evidence, including possibly calling Robert and Arlene Holmes to testify again. And Holmes also has a right to address the jurors.
But Denver trial attorney and legal analyst Scott Robinson said the jurors' decision Monday — and the short time they took deliberating mitigating factors in the case — doesn't bode well for Holmes.
“The writing's on the wall, and the writing says death,” he said.
Samour said Monday afternoon that he would watch jurors in the next step to ensure they are not overwhelmed by emotional testimony. Robinson and Pozner said the coming emotion will be difficult for jurors to set aside.
But, Pozner said, the ultimate decision in the case won't be based purely on testimony. At the close of the trial — now perhaps less than a week away — jurors will be asked to look into their hearts and make a moral decision on justice and James Holmes' life.
For more than three months, the jury has been weighing evidence to decide that question.
“Now,” Pozner said, “it's ‘Let's weigh humanity.' “
John Ingold: 303-954-1068, jingold@denverpost.com or twitter.com/johningold
Staff writers John Aguilar and Elizabeth Hernandez contributed to this report.
(Don't Just) Print the Legend!
The legend of the Velvet Underground, which is on people's minds with the death of Lou Reed, has its roots in what “really happened.” According to the legend, the band was never popular during its lifetime, but the few people who loved the Velvets in those early years became important parts of subsequent music culture. Yet there are other ways to interpret the group's history, ones more specifically personal and less legendary .
The classic Velvet Underground lineup of Lou Reed, John Cale, Sterling Morrison, and Maureen Tucker released four albums between 1967 and 1970. (One way our memories conflict with history: Cale was replaced after two albums, and Tucker didn't appear on the fourth album, yet both are thought of as “classic VU.”) The first was the most notorious; it reached #171 on the Billboard charts. The second snuck into the Billboard Top 200 at #199. Neither of the final two albums charted, although the third made it to #197 when reissued in 1985.
The legend of the Velvets lies in those chart numbers. As the oft-misquoted Brian Eno explained in a 1982 interview, Lou Reed said to him “that the first Velvet Underground record sold 30,000 copies in the first five years”, to which Eno famously added, “I think everyone who bought one of those 30,000 copies started a band!”
Eno's comment became a part of the legend, which tells us that, through the influence of those 30,000 bands started by fans of The Velvet Underground and Nico, along with Lou Reed's erratic solo career, The Velvet Underground came to be recognized as a crucially important part of rock history.
Writing for Billboard, Andy Gensler broke down the numbers. As of the end of October, the first album has sold 560,000 units, White Light/White Heat 113,000 units, the self-titled third album 201,000, and Loaded 250,000. Toss in The Best of the Velvet Underground with 308,000, and a handful of other releases (topped by the first cleaning of the table scraps, VU, at 90,000), and we can see that while The Velvet Underground have never sold records at the level of a Jay-Z, over time they have had some impact on the charts.
So yes, the legend has its roots in real history. The Velvets were originally ignored, but their influence spread over time. But some of us were too busy with our daily lives to be part of a legend.
In February of 1967, Larry Miller got a gig as a DJ for a foreign-language FM station, KMPX. The Velvet Underground and Nico came out in March. Tom Donahue famously moved in to KMPX, and by the time the Summer of Love was in full swing, KMPX had become a full-time free-form station. I can't say for a fact that KMPX played that VU album, but where else did I hear it? My brother had a copy, but he had grown up and moved to San Francisco by 1967 (he was the person who told me about KMPX). This is what I can say for what passes for fact in my memory: that first album was popular to me, my friends knew of that album, and, in my narrow, solipsistic mind, anything that was popular with me and my friends was by definition mainstream. Thus, I was unaware that most of the world paid no attention to the Velvets.
Then, in 1970, I moved with my brother to Capitola, California. White Light/White Heat entered our record collection when my brother found it in a garbage bin. I suppose that's appropriate. The untrustworthy nature of memory pops up here: he doesn't remember finding the album in the garbage. For some reason, that detail (true or not) has become part of my version of how The Velvet Underground existed in my life.
It was very hard to ignore “Sister Ray.” A few years later, I made friends with a fellow who could recite the entire lyrics to the song; granted, much of it was instrumental, but it was still 17½ minutes long. As we happily sang “I'm searching for my mainline, I said I couldn't hit it sideways” together, you would have been hard-pressed to convince me that the song was mostly unknown. To my friends and I, “Sister Ray” was part of our mainstream. Even the transgressive elements in the song (and the band) solidified that fact. We knew that many people would be shocked by “Sister Ray,” but that brought us together as a community of transgressors, a mainstream unto ourselves.
In 1974, a few years into Lou Reed's solo career, he released Rock ‘n' Roll Animal, which was very popular with the younger steelworkers at the factory where I worked, thanks to the guitar tandem of Dick Wagner and Steve Hunter. That album made #45 on the charts; its follow-up, the largely reviled Sally Can't Dance, went Top Ten. (Mark Deming at All Music called Sally “the worst studio album of Reed's career.”) The legend is that Reed's solo career was erratic at best until at least Street Hassle. There was no room in the legend for a Velvets icon who reached the Top Ten.
I saw Lou Reed in concert for the first time on the Sally Can't Dance tour. My personal version of The Velvet Underground story was different from the legend. They didn't become seminal long past the end of their existence; they already were seminal. They weren't unknown; through Lou Reed, they were in the Top Ten.
I'm not arguing that my personal version is the one that belongs, by itself, in the history books. But I am suggesting that the legend, which over time can ossify into official history, in pretending to represent the overall story, misses the way actual individuals experienced that story. We don't have legend behind us. All we have is our personal experience. Which is why, whenever an icon passes away, people are compelled to tell their own stories. At least while there is still time, before the legend becomes the fact, we can remind the world that the icon connected with us on a personal level, and there was nothing legendary about it.
If you lived in a legendary time, your experiences, and the foggy memories that result from those experiences, not only sculpt our personal histories, but should add depth to collective histories. Legends do not always get to have the final word.
Photographs courtesy of Paul Lowry and River Seal. Published under a Creative Commons license.
TLDR: I quit mining 2 months ago but I m considering mining again. Read more for why I stopped and why I m considering resuming.
I used to dual mine ETH+ SIA/DCR/LBRY from March 2017 until the end of June. I managed to resell my 6x GTX 1060 rig at the same price I bought it for and made a few hundred dollar mining with it in the meanwhile.
If I strictly looked at my mining journey from a monetary perspective, I d say that the amount of time I spent researching, building my rig, setuping it properly, trying different miners, tweaking the overclock settings, opening accounts at various Crypto brokers was not worth it. However I must say I enjoyed the process and learned a lot so I d say it was still worth it.
The reasons are stoped in June were the following in the order of importance
I live in a hot country and summer+mining rig was turning my house to hell. It was not worth the few extra dollars. Turning the AC on would have killed profitability and rendered the whole exercise pointless The diminishing returns due to increased difficulty and competition from other miners scared me and I thought I should resell my hardware before it was too late. The noise of my rig was mildly annoying
I ve been following the mining reddit and bitcointalk threads closely even after I quit mining.
Recently I ve been pondering wether I would get back to mining. I did some study and apparently the RX Vega 56 is the best mining GPU IF you can get it close to MSRP. Its ROI is 4-5 months taking reasonable difficulty increase and reasonable electricity costs into consideration.
https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=2002025.640
As you can guess from the title of this blogpost, the main reason why I would reconsider mining is because it would heat my house during the cold Automn/Winter/Spring season. I live in Japan and houses are very badly insulted. The climate is not that cold here but walls and windows are thin (because of earthquake resistance constrains). Here you spend a lot on heating in late automn/winter/early spring unless you live in a brand new expensive appartment.
So my mining rig would essentially become a space heater that generates money. How aweseome is that?
So if I can get my hands on a few RX Vega56 below 500USD I ll resume my mining journey. How about you?
Advertisements
I am one happy gal! My husband took our pup on a walk and came back with my package from SS. I was soo excited to open it, and I loved the gifts that were inside!
I am currently training for a marathon, so my SS gave me a water bottle that is perfect for running because you only need one hand to open it (by pushing a snazzy little button..which I'm having more fun pushing that I'd like to admit). I wish I could have included the bottle in the picture with my puppy, but he won't stop barking at it as he seems to think that this bottle is going to murder our entire family.
I also got a great sign that says "It's not a home without a pitbull". LOVE LOVE LOVE. Since I am a crazy dog lady, this sign is so appropriate. I'm hanging it up at the entrance of our apartment.
Lastly, I got a plush doll of Dug, the dog from Up (one of my favorite movies..consistent with me being a little too obsessed with dogs). I love this doll, and my dog seems to think that it is his new brother: he keeps licking it, snuggling with it, and protecting it from the evil bottle. I thought that Dug was spelled Doug, and this spelling made me more happy than it should have (because dogs dig..he dug..haha..get it?).
Perfect gift SS, thank you so much!!!
IDEAS Zirin is a lawyer, author and TV talk show host.
Donald Trump recently tweeted a statement with a trumpeted irony that was obviously calculated to undermine the Justice Department inquiry into possible obstruction of justice: “I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt,” the President wrote.
The tweet was fueled by media reports that Trump was considering firing special counsel Robert Mueller and even Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, the “man who told me to fire the FBI Director.” Trump had previously tweeted, “You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history – led by some very bad and conflicted people!” The President has continued to repeat the line, just as the speculation itself has continued.
Trump firing Mueller and Rosenstein is all the more possible after the latest bombshell revelation: that the Trump campaign team was eager to take a June 2016 meeting with a Russian lawyer said to be close to the Kremlin, who said she wanted to discuss how the Russian government might help in getting dirt on Hillary Clinton. The possibility that Mueller and Rosenstein might investigate Donald Trump Jr. and Jared Kushner over their role in taking the meeting furthered speculation by CNN that Trump might say “You're fired!” to the two Justice Department prosecutors. Democratic Senator Richard Blumenthal said he would ask Trump's FBI director nominee Chris Wray about the possibility.
When Trump sent out his messages about the “witch hunt,” many in the media reported that the Tweeter-in-Chief had conceded that he was now under investigation. But one of Trump's personal lawyers, Jay Sekulow, made the talk-show rounds and fell all over himself to deny that Trump was under investigation while also stressing what he saw as ironic: that Rosenstein had told Trump to fire former FBI Director James Comey and now Rosenstein was investigating the firing.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Of course, there is more involved than just firing Comey. What Trump said to Comey, what may be gathered from the evidence of their conversations and the facts that might show Trump asked Director of National Intelligence Director Dan Coats and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers to persuade Comey to call off his investigation of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn are all circumstances possibly relevant to obstruction of justice that have nothing to do with Rosenstein. Trump's muddled observation is an irony too far.
The flap was accompanied by other media reports that Rosenstein was considering recusal, which would leave the investigation in the hands of the third-ranking Justice Department official, Rachel Brand. Those close to Brand seem worried about leaving the investigation in her hands. As Jack Goldsmith and Benjamin Wittes noted in a post at Lawfare, Brand's experience might not have prepared her for the “tough task of insulating the investigation from the erratic and inappropriate behavior of President Trump.”
The “erratic and inappropriate” effort to unseat Rosenstein is eerily reminiscent of Trump's efforts in the 1970s, sparked by his then-lawyer Roy Cohn to defeat a Nixon Justice Department suit alleging that Trump had discriminated against blacks in rentals at 39 Trump-built housing projects in Brooklyn and Queens. On Trump's behalf, Cohn counterclaimed against the government for $100 million, alleging that the government had made “untrue and unfair statements to the communications media” concerning the lawsuit — in other words, “fake news.” The Court promptly dismissed the counterclaim, and Trump eventually settled the case.
The housing suit marked an inflection point in Trump's career, as he adopted the signature Cohn tactic that became a core feature of his 2016 presidential bid: Counterattack fiercely (even if baselessly) to throw the adversary off-stride and, possibly, to subvert him. He thus bared his fangs during the campaign with a feral rapacity that could not escape attention: “Anybody who hits me, we're gonna hit them ten times harder,” Trump stated in November, 2015.
The possible dismissal of Rosenstein and Mueller raises the legitimate question as to whether the Justice Department can ever fairly and vigorously investigate the President and his present or former aides. In response to Nixon's “Saturday Night Massacre” of Independent Counsel Archibald Cox, Congress enacted the Ethics in Government Act of 1978. The statute provided for a special panel of judges who would appoint outside lawyers — “independent counsel” — to investigate allegations of criminal conduct on the part of high-ranking executive-branch officials. The attorney general could remove an independent counsel but only for “good cause.” Congress designed the appointment and removal provisions, along with other “controls,” to ensure that the counsel was independent of the administration and thus able to conduct investigations without interference from a president or his aides.
The Supreme Court upheld the law in 1988, over a sizzling dissent by the late Justice Antonin Scalia. In one of his most memorable opinions, Scalia said that our basic liberties were protected not by the Bill of Rights, but by the secure constitutional framework providing for a system of checks and balances. The power to institute criminal prosecutions, he thought, were not for the judiciary, but were exclusively reserved to the executive branch. “Frequently an issue of this sort will come before the Court clad, so to speak, in sheep's clothing,” Scalia wrote. But in the case of the independent counsel law, he continued, “this wolf comes as a wolf.”
Scalia maintained that “it is ultimately irrelevant how much the statute reduces Presidential control,” since any such reduction violates the Constitution, which, again, vests all executive power in the president. But is it “unthinkable that the president should have such exclusive power, even when alleged crimes by him or his close associates are at issue?” Unfortunately so, concluded the Justice: “[W]hile the separation of powers may prevent us from righting every wrong, it does so in order to ensure that we do not lose liberty.”
In 1988, Scalia was a voice crying in the wilderness. But in 1999, after the Ken Starr inquiry into President Bill Clinton's “sexual relations” with Monica Lewinski fell flat, Congress declined to reauthorize the independent counsel law. So we have today on the firing line Jeff Sessions, an Attorney General who has recused himself; Rod Rosenstein, a Deputy Attorney General under attack, who may have to recuse himself if he is to be a witness about the Comey firing; Robert Mueller, a special counsel whom Trump has considered firing; and Rachel Brand, an Associate Attorney General comparatively unschooled in the ways of Department of Justice independence, as well as the criminal law. They all serve at the pleasure of the President, whom they are investigating. Does this mean the pillars of justice will crumble in the face of Trump's maneuvering? Hopefully not.
The Justice Department can and will survive the stress test, investigate the President and his crew, and present its findings to Congress and the American people. Rosenstein and Mueller are able, vigorous and independent lawyers. If, by way of illustration, Donald Trump Jr. was out-of-bounds in taking the meeting with the Russian lawyer to seek compromising material on Hillary Clinton, these ministers of justice will ferret out the facts and go where the evidence leads them. (The President has dismissed the episode as a “nonsense meeting.”) We can count on Rosenstein and Mueller for a robust investigation of a President who is not above the law. If there be any wrong, we may be confident that this one will be righted.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
BEIJING (Reuters) - Chinese Premier Li Keqiang unveiled extra aid for Africa totalling at least $12 billion on Monday, and offered to share advance technology with the continent to help with development of high-speed rail, state media reported.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang (front R) and Ethiopian Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn (front 2nd R) walk to inaugurate the Addis Ababa-Adama expressway in Tulu Dimtu, near Addis Ababa May 5, 2014. REUTERS/Sanyi Takele
Li pledged the additional funding in a speech at the Organisation of African Union headquarters in the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa.
China will increase credit lines to Africa by $10 billion and will boost the China-Africa Development Fund by $2 billion, bringing it to a total of $5 billion, Li said, according to the official Xinhua news agency. He provided no details of the timeframe.
Li “depicted a dream that all African capitals are connected with high-speed rail, so as to boost pan-African communication and development,” the report said. As China has advanced technologies in this area, Li said China was ready to work with Africa “to make this dream come true”.
China will also offer $10 million in aid for wildlife protection, Li added, for a part of the world where the Chinese appetite ivory and rhino horns have driven some species to the brink of extinction.
It is Li's first visit to Africa since he became premier last year, and follows on from a trip to the continent by President Xi Jinping in March 2013, when he renewed an offer of $20 billion in loans to Africa between 2013 and 2015.
Li said that the new $10 billion credit line would be on top of the existing $20 billion already offered, the China News Service reported.
Chinese officials said last week that Li's trip, which also takes in oil-rich Nigeria and Angola, would not simply be for energy deals and Beijing will be seeking to help boost African living standards.
Li said he hoped that some of the loans being offered would be used to support small and medium-seized companies in Africa, adding that economic development on the continent offered huge opportunities for both China and Africa.
“History and reality make clear to all: China's development gives opportunity to Africa; Africa develops, and China also benefits,” he said.
Trips by Chinese leaders to Africa are often marked by big natural resource deals, triggering criticism from some quarters that China is only interested in the continent's mineral and energy wealth.
China has a relationship with Africa which pre-dates its current resource-hungry economic boom. In previous decades, China's Communist leaders supported national liberation movements and newly independent states across the continent.
Africans broadly see China as a healthy counterbalance to Western influence but, as ties mature, there are growing calls from policymakers and economists for more balanced trade relations.
This version of the story corrects the figure for wildlife aid in the fifth paragraph. Earlier state media reports put the figure at $100 million, but transcript of speech puts figure at $10 million.
• Categorized under Objects | Difference Between TNT and Dynamite
TNT vs Dynamite
Many people use both the terms often interchanging them with each other and think that dynamite is the colloquial term for TNT. Both the tnt and dynamite are explosives but there are some differences between the two. Dynamite is a white powder usually found in the sticks while TNT is a yellow crystal. Dynamite was discovered by the Swedish chemist Alfred Nobel when he was doing a certain experiment. The experiment was to make the chemical nitroglycerin more stable than its form so that it doesn't explode easily. He mixed nitroglycerin with sodium carbonate (found in the common baking soda and soaps), and diatomaceous earth (which is presently used to filter water of the swimming pools). Alfred Nobel found that this mixture made the residual chemical more stable and he patented it. With the monetary benefits he obtained, he conceptualized Nobel Prize.
This being said, TNT is a yellowish powder and comprises of trinitrotoluene. Its chemical formula is CH3C6H2 (NO2)3. Joseph Wilbrand discovered TNT in 1863, in Germany. TNT is more stable than dynamite though dynamite is more powerful than it. Therefore dynamite is considered to be highly explosive and detonates fast. Additionally TNT can be melted in order to pour it into casings of shell. TNT has its cons and it is very toxic. Dynamite is heavier than TNT and its density is 60% more than the TNT.
Another difference between the two is that while energy density of dynamite is 7.5 M joules/Kg, TNT's stands at 4.6 M joules /Kg.
Due to the fact that nitroglycerin constituent in dynamite is highly explosive, it is very difficult to transport dynamite. Also it cannot be used in its pure form. So it is usually kept as a mixture. However, over the time, the dynamite starts sweating and gives out nitroglycerin which can collect at the bottom of the area where it is stored. That is why during transportation or otherwise, dynamite boxes are turned periodically. In case it is not turned, crystals will appear on the outer side and this can pose a very dangerous situation. On the other hand TNT is more stable but very poisonous. Its contact to the skin may cause skin irritation and your skin may appear yellowish-orange in color. People who are exposed to TNT for a long time can get problems like anemia, abnormal liver functions and even spleen enlargement.
Summary:
1.TNT is more stable than dynamite.
2.Dynamite contains nitroglycerin while TNT contains trinitrotoluene.
3.TNT is very toxic and can cause several health problems like liver damage and discolored skin.
4.Dynamite was discovered by Alfred Nobel while TNT was discovered by Joseph Wilbrand.
Twenty five days ago I found a monarch butterfly in the street--- on its left side, flapping its right wing wildly. I grabbed a couple leaves and tried to set it upright but no luck, it fell back onto its left side. Couldn't leave it there in the middle of the road as it would either get run over, eaten by ants, or chewed up by a dog...... so I put my finger next to it and it crawled up and into my palm. Got it home and googled what and how to feed a butterfly. Turns out they like a concoction of: simple syrup, juice, and soy sauce. The website even said you don't have to like it, it's for the butterfly. Oh and they like bananas and watermelon. I honestly thought it would die that day but fortunately.... that's not the case.
First thing was to stop saying "it" so I named the butterfly Mimi, just because. Mimi has never to this day flown. She'll flutter her wings but never ever gets any sort of lift. My guess is she flew into the side of a car and sustained some sort of injury that's preventing her from flying. She lives on a large shallow serving bowl covered in paper towels as that has a texture she seems to be able to maneuver around on.
I slowly started taking photos with her and this is what I've come up with:
In front of our Christmas tree.
In front of our ode to insect nook.
On my face.
On my hand as I draw. (And yes, she's packing on the pounds. Too many bananas apparently.)
On my painted fingers. That's MAC Cosmetics body paint.
On my partner's back. He's body painted with MAC Cosmetics and Wolfe FX.
In front of my face.
On a friend's hand body painted with Mehron and Paradise AQ.
On my hand with a line drawn on me and that paper with a Tombo pen.
In front of me on our bed.
Here's a little video of Mimi eating. Turns out they taste with their feet so she'll put a leg onto whatever she's about to consume and if she's really into it, she will continue to stir her foot around. :)
Don't know how much longer my little winged friend will be around but I plan to fully document her life and make it fully fab!
THE number of councils in Perth will be slashed from 30 to 15 under the State Government's plan for local government reform released this morning.
Despite an earlier plan to slash the number of metropolitan councils to 14, the government has decided on 15 after deciding not to amalgamate Fremantle and Melville.
The government's blueprint will now be submitted to a Local Government Advisory Board for further considerations, with Local Government Minister Tony Simpson making a final decision mid next year.
Aside from an expanded Perth, which includes the City of Vincent, proposed new local governments will be created from mergers between:
-The high growth City of Gosnells and the City of Canning
-The City of Bayswater and the Town of Bassendean
-The City of Belmont and the Shire of Kalamunda
-The City of South Perth and the Town of Victoria Park
-The City of Swan and the Shire of Mundaring
-The City of Kwinana with the City of Cockburn, shifting the northern border of the City of Cockburn further south.
New local government reform boundaries - reducing number of councils from 30 to 15 @TenNewsPerthpic.twitter.com/03UFctuKlA
As well, the government proposes:
-Retaining the City of Fremantle with the suburb of North Fremantle and the Town of East Fremantle
-Expanding the City of Melville to take in parts of the City of Cockburn, the City of Fremantle and the City of Canning
-Seven local governments (Cambridge, Claremont, Cottesloe, Mosman Park, Nedlands, Peppermint Grove and Subiaco) in the western suburbs into one, plus the suburbs of Wembley Downs, Churchlands and part of Woodlands
-Retaining part of Mt Lawley, including the aquatic centre and golf club, in the City of Stirling
Shifting the City of Armadale southern boundary to take in the high growth urban areas of the Shire of Serpentine-Jarrahdale
-Shifting the Shire of Murray border northwards to take in the rural areas of the Shire of Serpentine-Jarrahdale
-No changes to the boundaries for the cities of Rockingham, Wanneroo and Joondalup.
Mr Simpson said he would make a final decision on the proposed changes mid next year.
He said ratepayers and councils still had a chance to make submissions to the LGAB, which he said was an independent board.
He said he would either "reject or approve'' the LGAB's recommendations - but denied the government was forcing amalgamations.
"It's a sign of a flexible and consultative government that we have listened to the views and taken suggestions on board,'' Mr Simpson said.
"We've invested four months in refining our preferred model and now it's over the LGAB to gather input from local governments and communities and conduct a thorough review to final recommendations to me next year.
"Reform is happening.
"The local government sector ready for it.''
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) -- After weeks of dodging questions about a state-funded study on the so-called 'mileage tax' the Malloy administration now appears to be embracing that study.
Two weeks ago, we first reported that the DOT was paying for a study of the 'mileage tax' idea with several other states. For more than a year, Governor Malloy has been traveling around the state promoting his vision for a $100 billion, 30-year highway rebuild.
No one has ever disputed that the state's road and bridge infrastructure is outdated, especially along the shoreline heading to New York. But the Malloy Administration has persistently dodged questions about one funding mechanism that his own transportation advisory board recommended be considered to help pay for it.
Two weeks ago when News 8 first reported that the Connecticut DOT was joining other states to study the concept of charging you according to the number of miles you drive, the administration punted again. Now the Governor appears to be embracing the $300,000 study on the so-called 'mileage tax' saying, "Do we wait and pretend? Are we ostriches and we're not going to understand what the options are?"
The Governor points out that with cars and trucks getting better and better mileage, and with growing numbers of electric cars on the road, the state's tax on gasoline is producing less and less every year. It's the prime funding mechanism to pay for road and bridge building.
"Twenty years from now, in all probability, our gas and oil tax revenue will be half what it is today," said Malloy.
Republicans have proposed a much smaller road and bridge rebuild plan and say it can be done with the existing tax structure and they say there's no reason to study the mileage tax.
"I think there's a full intention of this Governor to put in the vehicle 'mileage tax.' They don't want to announce it til after the November elections and that's what this game is," said State Senate Minority Leader Len Fasano (R-North Haven).
"This is the beginning of the discussion not anywhere near an end or a decision," said Malloy.
Advocates for the mileage tax idea say with 'smart phones' and 'in dash computers' the idea of charging you for the miles you drive on state roads is technically well in reach. That it's actually a much fairer way to charge you for the amount of wear and tear you actually put on roads and bridges and if it was coupled with a reduction or elimination of the gas tax, people might go for it.
By Kathy Patalsky Published 02/09/2015
This thick and delicious vegan pea soup is flavorful and speckled with carrots and celery. A hint of smoke and spice. Ingredients 2 cups plit peas, organic
4 cups vegetable broth
1 additional cup liquid (water or broth) - (optional)
1 cup carrots, diced
1 cup celery, diced
1 medium onion, diced (sweet)
1 bay leaf
1 tsp smoked paprika
a few pinches of cayenne and black pepper
6 large cloves of garlic, lightly chopped
optional: nutritional yeast to taste
**with the salted veggie broth, you will not need to add additional salt. If you use water in place of broth, you will want to add salt to taste. Instructions Add the peas, broth, carrots, celery, onion, bay leaf, paprika, cayenne, pepper and garlic to a large soup pot and bring to a boil over high heat. Cover with lid and lower heat to low. Simmer, covered for about 30 minutes. After 30 minutes check on the soup, this is when you can add in the additional cup of liquid (water or broth) if you'd like. This makes a slightly thinner soup. You can also add in nutritional yeast to taste if you'd like. Cover soup again and continuing simmering for another 20-30 minutes until the peas are very tender and creamy. I like to give my soup at least an hour simmering on low, slow-cooking, until serving. Even longer works too. If you find your soup to be a bit too thin, you can simmer it uncovered for 10 minutes or so to reduce some of the liquid. Serve warm, delicious as leftovers too! Yield: 4 large bowls -- 6 cups total / 1 1/2 cups per serving Prep Time: 00 hrs. 10 mins. Cook time: 00 hrs. 59 mins. Total time: 69 mins. Nutrition Calories: 401
Fat: 2.6g
Totalcarbs: 66g
Protein: 30g
Dietaryfiber: 27g Tags: soup , peas , split peas , dinner , entree , vegan
Thisis warm and comforting, thick and flavorful. Using split peas and just a few simple ingredients you can be enjoying a delicious bowl of this soup on under a few slow-cooked hours. I am loving this soothing soup that is a good source of plant-based protein - 30 grams in one large bowl!.. This soup has a few easy accent ingredients like diced carrots, celery and bay leaf for loads of flavor. Smoked paprika adds a smoky flavor and optional nutritional yeast can be added for cheezy flavor and even thicker texture. This soup is delicious for leftovers too. I love a nice slice of toast slathered in vegenaise alongside this soup.This soup is hearty enough to be a one-bowl wonder style meal. One large bowl contains 30 grams of protein and over 25g of fiber -- over 100% your RDA! Plus each bowl contains 28% RDA iron and 97% RDA of vitamin A. I am in love.I have posted pea soup here on HHL before, but Irevisiting old recipes andthem.
Product design is about empathy. Knowing what a user wants, what they like, what they dislike, what causes them frustration, and learning to understand and embody those motivations — this is what it takes to make something insanely great.
And so we invest in reaching beyond our own operational model of the world. We tailor our experience to different locales. We consider the usability implications of screen readers or other assistive technologies. We continuously evaluate our implementation against these expectations.
There is, however, one critical factor that app developers often miss: network condition, or more specifically, the latency and bandwidth of an Internet connection.
For something so essential to user experience, it's unfortunate that most developers take an ad-hoc approach to field-testing their apps under different conditions (if at all).
This week on NSHipster, we'll be talking about the Network Link Conditioner, a utility that allows macOS and iOS devices to accurately and consistently simulate adverse networking environments.
Installation
Network Link Conditioner can be found in the “Additional Tools for Xcode” package. You can download this from the Downloads for Apple Developers page.
Search for “Additional Tools” and select the appropriate release of the package.
Once the download has finished, open the DMG, navigate to the “Hardware” directory, and double-click “Network Link Condition.prefPane”.
Click on the Network Link Conditioner preference pane at the bottom of System Preferences.
Enabling the Network Link Conditioner changes the network environment system-wide according to the selected configuration, limiting uplink or download bandwidth, latency, and rate of packet loss.
You can choose from one of the following presets:
100% Loss
3G
DSL
EDGE
High Latency DNS
LTE
Very Bad Network
WiFi
WiFi 802.11ac
…or create your own according to your particular requirements.
Now try running your app with the Network Link Conditioner enabled:
How does network latency affect your app startup?
What effect does bandwidth have on table view scroll performance?
Does your app work at all with 100% packet loss?
Enabling Network Link Conditioner on iOS Devices
Although the preference pane works well for developing on the simulator, it's also important to test on a real device. Fortunately, the Network Link Conditioner is available for iOS as well.
To use the Network Link Conditioner on iOS, set up your device for development:
Connect your iOS device to your Mac In Xcode, navigate to Window > Organizer Select your device in the sidebar Click “Use for Development”
Now you'll have access to the Developer section of the Settings app. You can enable and configure the Network Link Conditioner on your iOS device under Settings > Developer > Networking. (Just remember to turn it off after you're done testing!).
Douglas Wissing, who has embedded three times, is a journalist who has contributed to The New York Times, Los Angeles Times, Washington Post, Foreign Policy, The Hill and other outlets, and is the author of Hopeless but Optimistic: Journeying through America's Endless War in Afghanistan and Funding the Enemy: How U.S. Taxpayers Bankroll the Taliban.
The convoy of MRAPs lumbered across the moonscape of central Helmand Province, the epicenter of America's futile, half-century-long effort to remake Afghanistan in its own image. Generations of American developers and soldiers intended to transform this austere landscape into a breadbasket and bastion of democratic values. Instead, they created the world's largest opium poppy plantation, the heartland of the thriving Taliban-led insurgency.
Beginning in 2009, 20,000 U.S. troops fought bloody, though inconclusive battles in Helmand, before withdrawing in 2014. During that withdrawal, a team of soldiers and I were buttoned up inside the massive armored gun-trucks, juddering down rutted tracks as Pashtun men beside the road scowled and glared at us. The Afghans clearly weren't valuing the American efforts. The navigator suddenly pointed—“IEDs.” Veering right, the MRAP driver managed to use “fuck” as a verb, adverb, adjective and noun in the same sentence. The tribesmen, yet un-subdued, were just waiting for their time.
Story Continued Below
The Taliban-led insurgency has grown at double-digit rates annually since 2005. The Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) just reported to Congress that security incidents throughout 2016 and continuing into the first quarter of 2017 reached their highest level since 2007. The insurgents now control about half of the country. Taliban shadow governments operate in virtually every province, and control several of them, including Helmand. Insurgents are pressuring government centers across the country, including besieged Kabul, where a suicide bomber blew up a U.S. military convoy on the doorstep of the U.S. Embassy this week.
Afghanistan today remains the largest U.S. military foreign engagement. From the peak of about 100,000 boots on the ground during the Obama-era surge, there are still almost 10,000 U.S. troops in Afghanistan, plus up to 26,000 highly paid contractors for the Department of Defense and other agencies. Each soldier costs about a million dollars a year. Economists estimate the Afghan war has already cost U.S. taxpayers around a trillion dollars. For the 2017 fiscal year, U.S. military and State Department operations in Afghanistan are costing about $50 billion—almost a billion dollars a week. (As a reference, the initial budget request for operations against ISIS in Syria was only $5 billion.)
Now the U.S. military is re-escalating in Afghanistan. The Marines are back in Helmand Province. In April, the Pentagon requested “a few thousand” more troops, since upped to 5,000. The booms are getting bigger, too. On April 15th, U.S. forces dropped the 22,000-pound MOAB, the largest non-nuclear bomb in the arsenal, on ISIS fighters in eastern Afghanistan. It is Surge 2.0.
As the Pentagon requests more troops and drops more and bigger bombs, it's important to assess the dangers of another surge. And to consider whether another U.S. escalation can turn around an unwinnable war. Will Surge 2.0 be consequential, relevant, sustainable? Or will it be another futile chapter in an unwinnable war?
***
Re-escalation faces a grim reality. After more than 15 years of U.S. warfare and “nation-building,” Afghanistan's oxymoronic National Unity Government is a case study in dysfunction. Contorted by the enormous illegal opium industry, the Afghan government ranks among the world's most corrupt; 9th on the Fragile States Index that assesses states' vulnerability to conflict or collapse. The World Justice Project's 2016 Rule of Law Index ranked Afghanistan 111 out of 113 countries assessed. The poorly commanded and deeply infiltrated Afghan security forces are losing the war.
Despite more than $117 billion of U.S. development appropriations since 2002, Afghans remain near the bottom of virtually every column of the U.N.'s Human Development Index—infant mortality, life expectancy, caloric intake, per capita income, literacy, electricity usage, etc. Increasingly alienated Afghans know they are being victimized by “phantom aid,” wasted by pernicious greed in both donor and recipient countries. A USAID billboard in Kabul proclaiming women's rights in English and Dari inadvertently illustrated the failure: After more than a decade of billions being spent on mismanaged aid programs, only about 10 percent of Afghan females could actually read the billboard.
An Afghan museum director told me, “I believe in our government, but not our leaders. They are mafia, all mafia. And I am sorry, sorry, but your government did that. Mafia.”
There is the human cost to again expanding the war in Afghanistan. Tens of thousands of Afghan combatants were casualties in 2016. Caught in the crossfires and bombings, Afghan civilians are dying in increasing numbers. The U.N. reported that in 2016 there were 12,000 war-related civilian casualties, including 923 children killed and 2,589 wounded. In 2016, 600,000 Afghans were displaced by the conflict, adding to the refugee crisis. Many Afghans blame the presence of foreign troops, strengthening popular support for the insurgents.
America's endless wars are ravaging our country's military sons and daughters, many of whom have endured multiple deployments. The VA is overwhelmed with post-9/11 wounded and disabled vets: more than 1,600 amputees from the wars; 327,000 vets with traumatic brain injuries; 700,000 vets who are 30 percent or more disabled. PTSD is rampant. Female veterans have suicide rates two to five times higher than civilian women.
U.S. soldiers on the ground in Afghanistan are increasingly frustrated with a lousy mission in a benighted country riven with tribal feuds and opium wars. In Hopeless but Optimistic, my second book on the Afghan conflict, I tell tale after tale of American soldiers out on dangerous missions with no overall strategy; no end game in sight; just endless, life-crushing war. One grizzled sergeant said to me, “You ask probably any of these infantry guys, and they'll say let's get the fuck out of here. This is a fucked place. What the fuck are we doing here?”
And there is the question of fiscal priorities for an administration that pledged “America First.” Additional U.S. troops will require additional appropriations. Wasting more American blood and treasure on Afghanistan drains resources from other pressing national security needs, among them North Korea, ISIS in Syria and threats in cyberspace.
Soldiers I met in Afghanistan complained about billions being spent on often-spurious development projects, while their own families back home were struggling. I encountered many officers desperately trying to reconcile their sense of duty with contempt for the extravagant U.S. support for the predatory Afghan government. I heard stories of officers leaving the service, seeking counseling to resolve their cognitive dissonance.
One commander told me, “The U.S. military and the State Department and USDA and other agencies have definitely given this country a chance to form a government, to form an army, to form a police department and to provide some kind of governance to the people.” He concluded enough was enough: “Now it's up to them. It's their country and they need to decide how they want to run it.”
***
There is a truism that generals always fight the last war, but in the case of the unending Afghanistan war, the last one is still this one. It appears the generals want to re-escalate with the same failed 21st-century way of war, which governmental and corporate beneficiaries have perverse incentives to continue. Military, intelligence and development corporations need contracts. And elected officials need campaign contributions from those corporations' lobbyists.
But there are major challenges to continue the war. When Pentagon spokesmen requested more troops, they neglected to explain how a few more a thousand soldiers could win the war when 100,000 didn't—especially with the increased threat of green-on-blue attacks by demoralized and infiltrated Afghan security forces. Beyond their short-term tactical impacts, the MOAB and other increased bombings are proving inconsequential. Indeed, the increased bombing may have the unintended result of further estranging the Muslim world from the U.S., as well as enflaming the insurgency.
Even basics like logistics supply are perilous. Landlocked in a very bad neighborhood, Afghanistan is a quartermaster's nightmare. Supplies, including $600-a-gallon petrol and the weekly surf-and-turf dinners the troops have come to expect, have to come through Pakistan, with its bizarre ally-enemy relationship with the U.S., or through the northern routes controlled by regimes demanding extortionate recompense.
The Trump administration has yet to formulate a strategy for Afghanistan. After the well-documented “nation-building” failures in Afghanistan and Iraq, counterinsurgency is now a discredited doctrine. “Counterterrorism light,” as the current military operations are sometimes known, is less a strategy than a bundle of tactics with unknown outcomes.
After 15 years of failed war with duplicitous partners and often self-delusional strategies, more of the same won't yield a different outcome. The Afghan insurgency has continued to grow in strength and territorial control through it all; through years of measured U.S. military pressure; through the Obama-era full-bore counterinsurgency Surge 1.0 with a hundred thousand troops and billions of dollars of “nation-building” aid; then through the last years of the robustly resourced counterterrorism campaign with billions of dollars of equipment, supplies and training for the Afghan security forces.
None of it has worked. Fighting the popularly supported Taliban-led insurgency has been like hammering mercury. As Gen. Stanley McChrystal said, “You can kill Taliban forever, because they are not a finite number.” It's a cheap war for the insurgents, waged with soldiers who cost a few dollars a day, armed with old Soviet weapons and farm-fertilizer bombs, fighting on a home front of intractable mountains and searing deserts.
And the insurgents are patient. Taliban commanders have long told their fighters, “The Americans have the watches, but we have the time.”
While no one in Washington power circles is yet willing to officially say it, there is nothing the U.S. can do now to change the inevitable course of events. All that can happen is good money is thrown after bad; more lives destroyed after so many have been ravaged. It is time to accept the obvious: The war in Afghanistan is unwinnable. It is time for the U.S. to withdraw its troops, and let the Afghans sort out their own problems.
Though it is increasingly acknowledged by major business, investors and governments that bitcoin has the power to enable potentially world-changing financial innovations, fundamental issues are still holding back adoption.
One of the most prominent, around the world, is the lack of consumer understanding of the subject. For all its development, it remains difficult to explain to the average person just how bitcoin technology can impact their lives – today.
This begs the question: in its current form, is bitcoin, both the technology and the wider industry, evolved enough yet to solve real problems for the mass market?
The answer, according to experts in the industry, is not yet, though scores of entrepreneurs and startups are working toward this goal, use case by use. Vinny Lingham, CEO of mobile gift card provider Gyft, for example, enables bitcoin to be spent on gift cards – a mainstream use for the bitcoin currency.
Even so, Lingham believes many of the strongest use cases for bitcoin have yet to be developed:
“I think there are a multitude of use cases for bitcoin that are going to be very regionally specific. The beauty of this technology is that it's not a one-size-fits-all technology.”
Bitcoin in the US
Bitcoin awareness in the US is growing, with the latest polls showing that more than 50% of consumers have heard about bitcoin. Still, the majority – 65% – said they are unlikely to buy the currency.
This statistic doesn't bode well for US startups, most of which are focused on making buying and using bitcoin easier, not applying the technology to more specific use cases. This problem is further compounded by the competition the industry faces in the broader mobile payments space.
For example, Apple recently launched Apple Pay as part of its unveiling of the long-awaited iPhone 6. Though many industry observers are confident in bitcoin's open community in the long run, in the short term, enabling mobile payments through more familiar credit card accounts could challenge bitcoin.
Lingham said:
“I'm not sold on bitcoin as a currency per se in the US just yet, but it may become easier for consumers to use over time with some cost benefits.”
With Apple Pay, there are some compelling benefits, as well. For instance, banks, and not merchants, are being charged fees for using the platform, though it remains to be seen whether this will reduce overall costs like bitcoin conceivably could.
Competitive mobile payment platforms are a good thing, and hopefully bitcoin stands to benefit from this in the US market. For one, it could mean the recently announced partnership between Coinbase and PayPal subsidiary Braintree will need to produce an even stronger end product that makes the case that consumers can use bitcoin everyday.
“I'm not seeing mass market adoption, but perhaps [things like the] PayPal integration will change that,” Lingham added.
Paul Puey, founder of bitcoin wallet Airbitz, was critical of Apple Pay because it, like many of Apple's other products, is built on a closed platform.
In the long term, he argued, this could give bitcoin an edge, as its open platform could appeal to innovators who will build more compelling use cases for the technology.
Bitcoin around the world
People in more established financial hubs like the US or the UK see the long-term promise of bitcoin and have, to date, treated it more like an investment or a tool capable of cutting costs associated with payment.
Outside of these nations, however, many in the bitcoin and wider payments industry believe there is opportunity for the technology to empower financial independence with new products that tackle problems in ways the industry hasn't yet conceived.
The two most often cited reasons that support this assertion are the power and ubiquity of mobile phone technology and the inflation problems of many countries worldwide.
Still, while bitcoin could ultimately solve real problems in this area, there are more immediate use cases for bitcoin in emerging markets.
Brian Gamido, whose company Palarin is focused squarely on the Philippines-based bitcoin market, believes that payments and remittance could be bitcoin's most compelling use cases.
Gamido argues:
“One of the major global use cases for bitcoin is the ability to send low-cost, near real-time cross-border remittances. According to the World Bank, it costs 5–8% to send money from the US to the Philippines.”
In the end
If there's steadfast belief in the community that the problems bitcoin can solve will be refined by the industry itself, it isn't for a lack of bravado.
This has been fueled by tens of millions of dollars of investment in many different sectors of the bitcoin economy – many of which are working to figure out this issue of converting traditional money into a spendable digital format.
But, today, bitcoin arguably has few compelling arguments for consumers who aren't early adopters.
Andy Beal, an attorney with Crowley Strategy and advisor for several bitcoin startups, said the burgeoning bitcoin industry should focus on slowly evolving its platform toward expanding this audience:
“First, it can continue to innovate and evolve at a rapid pace, particularly the consumer facing layers; keep pushing the ball down the hill. Second, it can continue to refine the narrative – mainstream adoption is as much about marketing as it is about functionality.”
The takeaway for entrepreneurs is that having that mindset, and focusing on a particular problem that bitcoin can solve, may be the best way to get a bitcoin company off the ground.
Still, Lingham, like many in the industry, believe these use cases are forthcoming.
He concluded:
“Some people will make it a currency, others will create the financial internet and even more will use it in yet to be thought of ways.”
Puzzle image via Shutterstock
“Life imitates Art far more than Art imitates Life.” That's Oscar Wilde in his 1889 essay, “The Decay of Lying.” Considering the most dominant cultural expression of our time seems to be the endless stream of movies sets in the Marvel Comics universe, it's no wonder Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk are morphing into real-life superheroes before our eyes.
This week, Bezos's Amazon unveiled a slew of products that bring affordable Alexa AI technology even deeper into our homes—right onto nightstands, even. Musk, our non-fictional Tony Stark, has come up with Mark 2 of his plan to colonize Mars. While he's at it, he's promising rocket-ship rides between cities right here on Earth.
As I write this, I'm excited to go to my nearest Whole Foods and buy some steak for dinner. I wonder whether Bezos's price cuts since acquiring the high-end grocery chain (known as “Whole Paycheck,” even by its CEO) have extended to animal protein, and when lab-grown meat will make the butcher counter obsolete. As I mull ribeye v. porterhouse, Musk is coming to Puerto Rico's rescue, sending Tesla battery packs to the hurricane-stricken island. He leapt into action as Donald Trump's White House had to be poked and prodded into grudgingly waiving outdated regulations to extend desperately needed aid.
But, superheroes can't fix all our problems, especially if they're more interested in celestial bodies. “It's 2017, we should have a lunar base by now,” Musk says. What would be even nicer to have in 2017 is an Earth free of another horrific refugee crisis born of religious persecution, which is what's happening as the Rohingya flee Myanmar.
While we beg Jeff Bezos to throw Amazon's clout behind fixing the healthcare industry, it's also worth remembering superheroes tend to attract supervillains. So, maybe the future of the human race shouldn't be left solely in the hands of our friendly neighborhood billionaires.
Trump Vows Protection From 'Vile Enemy'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Carolyn Kaster/AP Carolyn Kaster/AP
President Trump said Sunday night that the violence in London over the weekend was a "horrific terrorist attack."
Trump made the remarks at a fundraising gala at Ford's Theatre in Washington, D.C.
Seven people died Saturday night and dozens more were injured when a van crossed London Bridge and veered into pedestrians. Three men exited the vehicle and began a stabbing rampage. Police shot and killed the three attackers.
According to a pool report from the gala:
"Trump told the crowd at the gala that he spoke with British Prime Minister Theresa May to 'express our unwavering support.' The president said the U.S. will do everything in its power to 'bring those that are guilty to justice.' Adding, 'American sends our thoughts and prayers.' " 'We renew our resolve, stronger than ever before, to protect the United States and its allies from a vile enemy that has waged war on innocent life. And it has gone on too long. This bloodshed must end. This bloodshed will end. As president I will do what is necessary to prevent this threat from spreading to our shores.' "
The Washington Post reports:
"Trump and his wife, Melania, hosted a warm-up reception before a show at the downtown theater, which marked the return of a tradition that dates back to the Carter administration. "Typically, the president hosts the black-tie gathering, which draws a crowd heavy on CEOs, lawmakers and the city's professional-partying class. "So important is the exclusive mingle for donors...that when the Obamas weren't available for last year's shindig, the theater canceled the whole evening."
Those attending the gala included Vice President Pence, House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and other political, business and philanthropic leaders.
By Jo-Anne K.
There is an old saying that suggests we should not throw the baby out with the bath water. In other words: there may be some nuggets of gold (or a kid) in that dirty water. That is how I feel about the Big Book (BB). There is a great deal in the book that I find objectionable, especially as an atheist. However, I have also found pieces of brilliance contained within it.
I am not suggesting that everyone embrace the BB and all of its doctrine. I am only suggesting that there may be some ideas that recovering folks may find helpful. As for what isn't useful, I will not go into all of the negative things that disturb me about the BB: the Christian slant, the sexism, the misogyny. I recognize these but have found they may be overlooked. Suffice it to say that I have a whole chapter that long ago I literally put a paper clip around. The information was just not relevant to me. The whole concept behind being a freethinker is that everyone has a right to decide for themselves what is relevant to them and what is not. What I will discuss in this essay are a few of the things that I have found to be helpful to me.
First though, my reason for writing this essay. Some individuals in the agnostic, atheist, and freethinkers meetings of AA would have you believe that the Big Book is useless and that it is not essential to read. Unfortunately a newcomer, having found a group of people that they think may help them maintain sobriety, may hear this and take it to heart. As a result they may not even consider reading the BB. In my opinion, this would be a shame. The newcomer may actually find, as I have, some ideas and concepts that are vital to their recovery.
I offer this review as an option. Having been out as an atheist for a number of years I have re-read the BB and I will present to you some of the things that I have found to ring true for me.
• Withdrawing from alcohol can be very difficult; it can in fact be deadly. One very practical idea that is proposed in the BB is that hospitalization may be necessary to deal with withdrawal. Treatment for alcohol withdrawal is mentioned twice in the BB. Its merits are suggested in the foreword on pages XXIV and XXVI: “for the alcoholic who is very jittery or befogged”. As well, Bill Wilson's own experience with treatment is mentioned on page seven and then again on page 13.
• In the chapter “Into Action,” the Fifth Step is described and this caution is offered: “We have no right to save our own skins at another person's expense” (74). In doing a Fifth Step and making amends a recovering alcoholic may feel that they want to “come clean” about a behavior to the person harmed. I take this portion of the book to suggest that, yes, we should tell someone about our behavior–but not necessarily the person that was impacted. For example, we need to consider whether we need to tell our aging parents about every time that we were in fact not at work but were out drinking when we cancelled plans with them.
• I always thought that I was a very selfless person. I believed that I was kind and helpful to others. There is a section in the BB that challenged these beliefs. It begins on page 60 with: “Each person is like an actor who wants to run the whole show; is forever trying to arrange the lights, the ballet, and the rest of the actors […] in trying to make these arrangements our actor may sometimes be quite virtuous. He may be kind, considerate, patient, generous; even modest and self-sacrificing.” Of course this doesn't always work and the results may be disastrous with arguments and ruined relationships. Here is what rang true for me: “Is he not really a self-seeker even when trying to be kind?” The reality is I don't know how everyone should run their lives. I only think I do. If I try to make people act as I want them to act chaos usually ensues.
• I found something in the Big Book that was very helpful to me in understanding how much I should or could do for another suffering alcoholic/addict. “If he is not interested in your solution, if he expects you to act only as a banker for his financial difficulties or a nurse for his sprees, you may have to drop him until he changes his mind. This he may do after he gets hurt enough” (95). This sounds rather cold and uncaring. However, it helped me to see that if I loaned money or pcontinually doled out sympathy to a person that was continuously relapsing (in today's psychology field this is known as enabling) then I was just keeping them from feeling what they needed to feel in order to hit bottom and subsequently seek recovery.
• On page 122 of the BB there is a request for compassion for the family of a practicing alcoholic. “Years of living with an alcoholic is almost sure to make a wife [partner] or child neurotic. The entire family is to some extent ill.” We don't get to be completely selfish in our recovery. Compassion is required for those around us who may have been affected by our drinking/using. I usually suggest to the partner of someone that I am working with that they might find some compassion and understanding in Al-Anon. This section of the BB also helped me to recognize my own Adult Child of an Alcoholic issues. I wasn't just an alcoholic, I have also been affected by my family's drinking and I need to continue to be healed from that or I will not stay sober.
• Unfortunately, I sometimes hear in the rooms that God is the only thing we need and if we pray right we will be relieved of our addictions, cancer, kleptomania, or whatever else troubles us. There is a section of the Big Book which contradicts this: “… this world [is abundantly supplied] with fine doctors, psychiatrists, and practitioners of various kind. Do not hesitate to take your health problems to them” (133). Sound advice if you ask me.
I did not relate to all of the stories in the Big Book. My life is quite different from the lives of the (mostly) men that are described in the book. However, there were a number of things in the stories that I could relate to and that I found very helpful, despite being a woman of the 21st century.
• Early in my sobriety it was suggested to me to read the chapter titled: “Freedom from Bondage.” I found the first few paragraphs in that story to be very helpful in understanding what my alcoholic drinking was all about. It seemed I had to drink or I would go insane. Reading it again I still find it to be true. “I am one of those whose history proves conclusively that my drinking was ‘a symptom of a deeper trouble.'” “Through my efforts to get down to ‘causes and conditions' I stand convinced that my emotional illness was present from my earliest recollection.” (544). I never did react normally to emotionally charged situations. I have always considered myself to be an emotional coward. I needed a crutch. Something to help ease the blow. These quotes are still very comforting to me. I realized I was not the only one that had these issues and that my alcoholism was not just about how much I drank.
These are a few of the nuggets of gold that I have found in the Big Book. There are many others. Since I do not believe the BB to be sacred writing I have had no qualms in taking parts of it and re-writing them so they fit better with my world view. I have written another version of the 12 Steps, for example, and taken out the God stuff. Also, I have written a secular version of the “acceptance statement” on page 449 but the meaning is the same: I have to accept reality for what it is and deal with my response to it.
I believe the BB should neither be formally re-written, ignored, nor cast out of AA. I believe it should be accepted as a text that was written in 1939 when the fellowship was very young. Much more has been learned about alcoholism and about the development of human beings since then, which makes some of the writings irrelevant. However, I believe the BB should be left intact and considered a historical document, one that may be beneficial to anyone seeking recovery. I think we should be adding to the literature of AA by writing from the perspective of atheists, agnostics, and freethinkers. How do we as secularists stay sober? How are we different from the believers in AA and more importantly: how are we the same?
About the Author, Jo-Anne K.
Jo-Anne K. is a member of The Beyond Belief Group in Toronto. She believes that working the principles of the steps into her life has resulted in her 29 years of recovery. She and others from her group have recently added a secular step meeting to the group.
Photography
The photography for this article was created by Jan A. from The Broad Highway Group in Bandon, Oregon.
Audio Story
The audio version was narrated and recorded by Len R. from Jasper, Georiga. Len would like to start a secular AA meeting in his area. I would like to join him, please send an email to lenr.secularsobriety@gmail.com
by
Often associated with seizure of control, violence, prison riots are extreme ways in which prison inmates voice their grievances against prison administrators, authorities. Prisoners resort to such manner when they believe that only a defiance or disorder can get their unfair condition noticed by public and government. Some of the riots in the history have made correction practitioners take measures to prevent any such activity from occurring.
Let's have a look at five of the biggest prison rites:
New Mexico Penitentiary Riot
link
The New Mexico Penitentiary Riot, which took place on February 2 and February 3, 1980, in the state's maximum security prison south of Santa Fe, was one of the most violent prison riots in the history of the American correctional system: 33 inmates died and more than 200 inmates were treated for injuries. None of the 12 officers taken hostage were killed, but seven were treated for injuries caused by beatings and rapes.
Ashwell Prison Riot
link
Hundreds of prisoners went on the rampage in Ashwell Prison at Oakham, Rutland in Britain's worst jail riot for nearly 20 years. More than 400 inmates broke out of their cells and set fire to jail buildings. Several prisoners smashed their way out into the prison grounds, but none are believed to have escaped. The trouble started when officers found an inmate drunk on hooch – potent alcohol brewed by prisoners – wandering in the grounds.
Attica Correctional Facility Riot
link
The four-day revolt at the maximum-security Attica Correctional Facility near Buffalo, New York, in year 1971 is one of the worst riots in the past. Ended when hundreds of state police officers storm the complex in a hail of gunfire. Thirty-nine people were killed in the disastrous assault, including 29 prisoners and 10 prison guards and employees held hostage since the outset of the ordeal.
São Paulo prison Riot
link
One of the deadliest episodes in recent decades took place in 1992 in São Paulo, Brazil, where 111 prisoners were killed as authorities sought to put down an uprising. Human-rights groups accused corrections officers of shooting inmates indiscriminately, even those who had surrendered. A Brazilian police colonel was sentenced to 600 years in prison for using excessive force in retaking the facility; the conviction was later overturned.
Oklahoma State Prison Riot
link
In July 1973 the Oklahoma State Prison at McAlester erupted into one of the worst prison riots in U.S. history. Crowded conditions that led to the riot had been in place almost since the facility's construction in 1911. Housing capacity for eleven hundred inmates was surpassed in 1920, and by 1973 the prison population exceeded twenty-two hundred. Gov. David Hall's refusal to sign parole recommendations for drug offenders and individuals convicted of violent crimes had contributed to prison overcrowding. Ill-qualified and too few correctional officers, violence perpetrated by the “convict bosses,” and other factors also led to prisoners' discontent.
Russ Hepler reports Hillary gets $20 million from Planned Parenthood:
It is no huge surprise that Planned Parenthood – the nation's largest abortionist and dead baby organ trafficker – is supporting Hillary Clinton for President.
Hillary has always been a loyal soldier in the destruction of unwanted babies.
But, despite being kindred spirits, Planned Parenthood has decided to take things to the next level this election in their support of Hillary.
One News Now explains:
At a Sunday rally in Manchester, New Hampshire, Hillary Clinton officially accepted Planned Parenthood's endorsement in her bid for the Democratic ticket in the 2016 presidential election — to energize her base in the name of women's “reproductive rights.” This move is unprecedented, making it the first time the world's largest abortion provider has ever endorsed a presidential primary candidate — with both sides looking to profit. For Clinton's unwavering support, the Planned Parenthood Action Fund declared that it will spend $20 million toward her campaign for president, with a focus on battleground states in the U.S. Senate race, LifeSiteNews reports.
So, Planned Parenthood has decided to go “all in” with Hillary by not only officially endorsing her, but also providing her campaign with big bucks.
It is not known at this time how much of the $20 million is actually coming from U.S. taxpayers; given the fact that we are currently bankrolling Planned Parenthood's killing operation to the tune of over $500 million a year.
But, just like with anything the Clintons and their allies do, rules and laws don't matter.
One News Now has more:
This opinion that Clinton would supplant Obama as the most pro-abortion president in history also holds true for Planned Parenthood. “We're proud to endorse Hillary Clinton for President of the United States,” Planned Parenthood Action announced in a statement. “Hillary Clinton holds the strongest record on reproductive rights of all presidential contenders in not just this election, but in American history.” Besides Planned Parenthood, Clinton is also endorsed by the NARAL Pro-Choice America political activist group, which appreciates the fact that she supports taxpayer-funded abortion-on-demand, as does Sanders.
To these abortion groups, it is obvious that they view Hillary as “the angel of death” when it comes to protecting their murder operations.
If Hillary gets elected President, she will increase their funding and put a stop to these pesky revelations about them selling dead baby body parts to the highest bidders.
No wonder they want to give her truckloads of money!
One News Now reveals more:
Planned Parenthood CEO Cecile Richards drew the line between Republicans and Democrats in the 2016 presidential election, as well, noting that the future of abortion is at stake. “Everything Planned Parenthood has believed in and fought for over the past 100 years is on the ballot,” Richards expressed to the New York Times. Planned Parenthood's recent selling of baby body parts scandal has reportedly done little to put a dent in Clinton's pro-abortion activism. “Clinton added that she is ‘proud' to have Planned Parenthood's endorsement, despite footage showing its officials cavalierly discussing harvesting and selling aborted babies' body parts,” LifeSiteNews' Ben Johnson informed. “Just days after she called the undercover footage ‘disturbing' last summer, Hillary Clinton said she is ‘proud to stand with Planned Parenthood.'”
Now, anyone who has followed the Clintons knows that they are basically soulless. Money and power are the only things they hold dear.
Forget common decency for human life, “no interfering lives matter” when it comes to the Clintons' ambitions.
Maybe Hillary is the perfect “poster girl” for Planned Parenthood – they both have no regard for humanity and the innocent among us.
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources. When you share to your friends, however, you greatly help distribute our content. Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family. Thank you.
For the first time in a while, we've received a flurry of e-mails in the past few days with reports of/concerns about door-to-door sellers. You might not be aware of city law, so here's a recap:
*Hours for door-to-door (residential) selling are limited to 8 am-9 pm.
*The seller's employer has to be licensed and the seller (agent) has to have ID that shows the license and the agent's name. Regarding the ID, “All licensees and agents shall conspicuously display on their outer clothing their residential sales license or residential sales agent licenses when selling.” Ask to see it before you even listen to a pitch. And beyond the ID: “Each residential seller or agent shall, immediately upon contacting the prospective buyer, disclose to the prospective buyer his/her name, company, and the product or service represented.”
*If you have a “no soliciting” sign by your door, it's illegal for sellers to ignore it. If you don't, you still have no obligation to listen to a pitch – city law includes the stipulation that “If requested to do so, (the agent) shall leave the premises immediately.”
You can read the rules in their entirety by going here..
A big exception – if someone is just asking you to donate to a charity (not describing a “sale” of something as a “donation”), they don't have to be licensed. Also: The types of selling that don't require licenses under Seattle law are “newspapers, or fresh or perishable food items.”
P.S. If you do buy something door-to-door – be aware of cancellation rights.
Total Overhaul for the game with various aspects
Some missing mercenary ui files added. City to Castle, Castle to city buildings are in the end of the building line now.
A textile resource, moved in desert area Choclate, is changed with Valueable Stones in "Peri Bacaları" Missing ui is added for Tekke in Eastern_European culture
I made a new zip file. Many reported that there is an error with extraction of these files. So i made a new one. All previous downloads are invalid, unfortunately.
The credits
Anatolian Principalities Mod Team:
Cebecibaşı - Chief Leader, Modeller, Scripter
Elvasat - Leader, Scripter, Mapper
bilgekaan - Former leader, Modeller, Mapper
Famiglia_Ducale- Former leader, Music researcher
- All kind of Visuals
-
Modeller (from scratch)
C_arsenal - Researcher
Mithridates -
Music
Researcher, Trait Scripter
- Alpha Tester
- Alpha Tester
Saadettin
Karaislam
Hae Shin
Segrek
Darkvane
If you helped us but don't see yourself on the list - Please send a message to Elvasat
M&B Osp Sources
If you think there is a missing credit but don't see it on the list - Please send a message to Elvasat
Project CARS 2 recreates the high-adrenaline rush of pure motorsports like nothing that has come before. Exploring the main race settings options in-game offers a clearer picture of the type of experience that will come with Project CARS 2 when it releases on September 22nd, 2017. Here's a little preview of what you can expect
Date and time matter
The main race setting offers you two options for the duration of your race—laps-based (maximum 999), or time-based (anything between five minutes to 24 hours). Setting the race length is ideally complimented by the date option. Here, you can choose the traditional race date for that location—Le Mans in early summer, for instance, or the Indy 500 in May—or you can choose any date that springs to mind.
​Selecting any random date that strikes your fancy matters because of LiveTrack 3.0. Choosing, say, a December date for Fuji will invariably mean your race will occur in cold conditions, opening up the possibility of snow. Project CARS 2, with its GPS-located tracks, will replicate your chosen track's real-world weather: In other words, if the forecast is for snow in December at the scanned 'Ring, and you choose that date and track, snow is what you'll be racing in. Wind, meanwhile, can play havoc with your open-wheel, aero'-dependent IndyCar—getting a tail wind on a crisp morning in October into Turn 1 that has yet to be warmed by the sun is the kind of racing that will make Project CARS 2 both challenging and viscerally unforgettable.
This is what anytime, anywhere means in Project CARS 2.
The weather and time of day scenarios—given the real-time weather options—are practically limitless. Moreover, you can experience, for instance, a full night-to-dawn progression, you can decide to speed up time with the time progression option which will, in effect, decide how quickly the earth revolves around the sun. Sounds fanciful, but given the game uses GPS positioning, the angle of the sun now has a direct bearing on your racing experience.
​
For instance, in a scenario where it has rained through the night but the dawn comes clear and the morning sunny, those turns lying in the shade will take far longer to dry than turns that are directly warmed by the sun. Deciding, then, what lines to take, and which tyres you want to be on, becomes as crucial in Project CARS 2 as it does in real-world motorsport.
Weather in Project CARS 2 is one of the core experiences of the game because it is reflected in the surfaces of the tracks which, in turn, directly affect the grip afforded to your car. LiveTrack 3.0 is the culmination of a decade's worth of refinement by Slightly Mad Studios, and with Project CARS 2, the weather, combined with the surface you're racing on that will alter grip levels corner-by-corner, guarantees one of the most exhilarating experiences you've ever enjoyed. The angle of the sun at a particular time of year, the shade of trees and their foliage, the type of race surface, all of this will have a direct consequence on the feel and grip of your racing machine.
You can also choose the season for your race—winter, spring, summer, or autumn—or you can make use of the four “weather slots” that come with your race settings. With a simple tile design, creating four distinct weather “events” is as simple as a click of the controller. If these four (or less) slots are filled in with standard weather acceleration, your chosen weather “events” will each last one hour before the next “event” is transitioned via a fluid, realistic transformation. You can also speed up the weather events via the weather progression option that will modify how quickly the weather will transition—anything from “real time” to “Sync to Race”, which will change the weather in accordance to the speed of the race that you have chosen.
The weather also plays a role in determining whether you'd like to run a formation lap. In Project CARS 2, the revamped tyre model has resulted in tyres that have been optimized for real-world performance, and that means they take a while before heating up. Using the formation laps to heat them as well as the brakes—carbon-based brakes, in particular, need time to get up to operating temps—brings a whole new realism to the motorsport experience.
Pit-stops are live and fully animated
Project CARS 2 will allow drivers to manually control their vehicle and manoeuvre it into the pit-box. If you come in too hot and miss your box, you'll need to reposition your car. Drivers, meanwhile, who prefer to sit back and let the game's AI take control while in the pit-lane will be given the option to do so too in race settings.
Pit stops in Project CARS 2 are now fully animated. Motion capture technology was used to replicate the human actions that take place during a pit-stop. 3D character models will now run around your car and complete tyre changes and fuel refills just like real-life pit crews.
The biggest challenge in creating this fully dynamic and beautifully realised animation was in capturing all the required body movements that take place in the many varied motorsport series featured in Project CARS 2, and their associated pit-stop rules. For example, some series allow tyre changes and fuel refills to happen simultaneously, whilst others must see tyre changes completed before fuel can be put into the car. You will experience pit-stops precisely as they occur in the real-world motorsport discipline you have chosen to run.
Opponent settings and multi-class action
The AI in Project CARS 2 has been the subject of an overhaul from the first instalment. Depending on the level that you choose to run them, you're going to find opponents who will challenge you like never before. You can set the number of AI in your race up to the amount of grid spots at the chosen track. Their ability ranges from 0 (easy to defeat) to 120 (AI that has been optimized to crush your ego).
​
The novelty to Project CARS 2, though, is the opponent field setting where you get to decide what cars the AI will drive. There are three choices here—the AI can drive the same car as you (useful for series such as IndyCar), or the same class (useful in series such as GT3, where you can race against GT3s from a dozen or so automakers), or, finally, you can decide to run a multi-class race (perfect for those 24 hour races at Spa, or Le Mans) where each class is scored and timed individually by class and not just overall. So you may be ninth at Le Mans, but you may also be winning in-class, and the game will now score both scenarios simultaneously.
Multi-class racing recreates all the excitement of proper endurance racing; if you choose to run an LMP1 at Le Mans, for instance, you'll need to deal with much slower GTLM cars, and if you choose a GTLM, you'll be spending much time checking your mirrors as LMP1s come streaming through the night and pass you as if you were standing still.
​
This opens up a whole new challenge for drivers in Project CARS 2. Mimicking the terrifying speed-differences between varying classes of cars on track simultaneously, all battling for position, is going to be keep you seriously busy, whether you're the car that needs to give way to a suddenly-appearing Audi LMP1 monster, or you're the LMP1 coming up to a stream of battling Porsches and Nissans.
Motorsport Presets
If you don't want to modify the settings for the race weekend one by one, and want nothing but a recreation of a representational motorsport type, you can take a shortcut by going straight for the motorsport filters option. The purpose of these filters is to offer a number of presets that you can use in order to quickly set-up a race weekend that resembles one of multiple motorsport types in Project CARS 2. You may still modify the changes made by the motorsport filters option, but this is a useful shortcut, and also demonstrates the types of motorsport that will come with the game.
​
Rallycross, IndyCar, GT, Endurance, Prototypes, Open Wheeler, Touring Car, Trackday, Road.
Favourites
Everyone will have a favourite car, track, weather, and even seasonal combination that feature settings that make it an ideal event. Maybe you like night racing at Long Beach, or you'd like to experience sunrise after a dark and foggy night in an LMP1. With a single press of a button, you can now use the favourites screen to set all options to the values that recreate that one setting you have come to adore.
The list of favourites consists of four slots in which you can assign previously-used race weekend configurations. So if, for example, you have just driven a race that felt flawless, you can go to the favourites screen and save this event's setup. This will make it possible to recreate that setup whenever you want to race it again.
Anywhere, anytime is at the core of the Project CARS 2 experience, and the race settings is just one piece of the jigsaw of features in-game that guarantees you an authentic motorsport experience as no other.
##TLDR##
HATEOAS is actually a simple concept: a server sends both data and the network operations on that data to the client, which has no special knowledge about the data.
This simple but powerful idea has been lost because it is typically examined in terms of machines and APIs, rather than in terms of humans and HTML.
Humans are uniquely positioned to take advantage of the power of HATEOAS in a way that machines are not (yet) because they have agency.
HATEOAS - Wat?
HATEOAS is perhaps the least understood aspect of REST and is often an object of outright hatred for perfectly reasonable, competent developers. This is too bad, and it is mainly due to the fact that the HATEOAS and REST concepts have been applied to APIs (originally XML, then JSON) rather than to where they originally arose: humans and HTML on the web.
Let's see if I can give a simple (if incomplete) explanation of what HATEOAS is and then explain why it works so well with humans and HTML and why it works poorly for machines and JSON.
To begin at the beginning, what does the acronym HATEOAS mean?
Simple!
‘Hypermedia As The Engine Of Application State'
OK, maybe not so simple. So what does that mean?
What it means is: all “state” (that is, both the data and the network actions available on that data) is encoded in hypermedia (e.g. HTML) returned by the server. Clients know nothing specific about any particular network end point: both the data and the network operations available on that data come from the server.
The crucial point, to repeat again: both the data and the network operations on that data come from the server, together, in hypermedia.
Sounds a bit object oriented, doesn't it?
HTML - HATEOAS for Humans
Let's look at an example to help make this idea concrete. Rather than using an API example (which, unfortunately, even the HATEOAS Wikipedia article does), let's consider something even simpler: just a bit of HTML. HTML, after all, is the most ubiquitous and successful hypermedia in the world.
Consider the following snippet of HTML, retrieved from a server at, say, the following end point: /contacts/42 :
<div> <div> Name: Joe Blow </div> <div> Email: joe@blow.com </div> <div> <a href="/contacts/42/edit">Edit</a> <a href="/contacts/42/email">Email</a> <a href="/contacts/42/archive">Archive</a> </div> </div>
This bit of HTML, you will notice, encodes both the data for the contact, and the actions available on that data (Editing, Emailing and Archiving) in the form of links. The client (a browser) knows nothing about contacts, it knows only how to take this HTML and render it as some UI for a human to interact with. It's certainly not the most efficient encoding of this data, and it is intermixed with some other junk as well, but that's OK. That other junk has proven to be pretty useful on the client side, so let's let it slide for now.
This means that a web application that communicates in terms of HTML, naturally satisfies the HATEOAS constraint of REST, without anyone needing to think very hard about it.
If you have ever built a traditional web app, congrats, you have implemented HATEOAS better than 99% of all API developers.
It must be noted that, unfortunately, traditional HTML itself is somewhat limited in the number of HTTP methods (mainly GET and POST) and user actions (clicks and form submissions) that it allows, which made it difficult to realize the complete benefits of REST.
Fortunately, intercooler.js, in addition to much else, rectifies both of these issues with the ic-put-to, ic-delete-from, etc. and the ic-trigger attributes, respectively. This gives you a much richer and complete programming infrastructure for building your HTML-based REST-ful web application.
You should use it. 😉
Why The Gnashing of Teeth?
Anyway, we can see that, despite all the fancy verbiage, HATEOAS is almost idiotically easy to implement by just using HTML.
Why all the hate and confusion around it, then?
To understand why, let's look at the example from the HATEOAS Wikipage:
<?xml version="1.0"?> <account> <account_number>12345</account_number> <balance currency="usd">100.00</balance> <link rel="deposit" href="http://somebank.org/account/12345/deposit" /> <link rel="withdraw" href="http://somebank.org/account/12345/withdraw" /> <link rel="transfer" href="http://somebank.org/account/12345/transfer" /> <link rel="close" href="http://somebank.org/account/12345/close" /> </account>
This is an XML API satisfying HATEOAS by encoding all the actions on the account as link elements. And that's great as far as it goes. You get the Gold REST Star for this API.
But consider what is consuming this data: some client code, probably on behalf of yet another (thick or web) client further down the line, or perhaps an automated script. Regardless, it is code, rather than a human, that is likely dealing with it.
What can it do with all those actions? The actions, note, are dynamic, but the script itself probably isn't: it needs to either handle all possible actions or forward them along to a human to deal with, right?
And that gets to crux of the issue: the code doesn't (yet) have agency.
It can't reasonably decide what to do in the face of new and unexpected actions. The coder writing the code could have it handle all possible actions (tough) or pass them along to a human somewhere else (also tough).
Realistically, the code will likely handle a few of the actions and just ignore the rest, so all that work for a Gold REST Star is, unfortunately, wasted.
Agency As A Service (AAAS)
Now, humans aren't good at much, but (but!) one thing we are pretty good at doing is agency. We can make decisions given new and novel situations, making sense of somewhat chaotic environments and learning new things. We can figure out when a new action shows up, associated with some data, if we want to take that action.
It's just a thing that we do.
I like to turn the client-server relationship around, and consider the human users of a software system as providing Agency As A Service (AAAS) for the server.
The server software knows all about the data and what actions are available on that data, but has no idea what the heck to do. Fortunately, these otherwise bumbling humans show up and will poke and prod the server to provide the agency the server so desperately needs. The server, of course, wants to speak with the humans in a language (hypermedia) that the humans find pleasant, or at least tolerable.
And that language is HTML.
So, you can see: a system satisfying HATEOAS is wasted if the hypermedia isn't being consumed by something with agency. Humans are that thing, and, therefore for HATEOAS to be effective, the hypermedia needs to be humane.
Again, that's HTML. I didn't realize just how special it was until year 20 of writing web apps.
Once we have strong AI, maybe the situation changes. But that's what we've got today.
OK, So How Should We Speak To The Machines?
Well and good. But what about the machines? There are integrations and scripts and scrapes and thick clients to be written, and they all need to talk to servers as well, right?
That's of course correct and, I'm not ashamed to admit, I'm not sure what the right answer is here, of if there is a single one.
REST-minus-HATEOAS seems like it works OK in many cases. RPC-style end points were once popular and appear to be getting popular again. They all seem reasonably workable to me.
But what I am convinced of, and what I hope to convince you of, is that HATEOAS is largely wasted on machines.
HATEOAS is for humans.
| The Comments Section |
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
1 / 5 Texas Undertakes Innovative Reforms
In Texas, a projection showed that the number of inmates would outnumber the number of available inmate beds by about 17,000 in 2007. Having decided to forgo building new facilities, the state instead sent nonviolent offenders to community-based mental health and addiction treatment programs. The state also boosted the number of re-entry programs offered to released prisoners, in hopes of decreasing recidivism rates. As a result, taxpayers saved millions of dollars, while the state closed its second oldest prison Sugarland in 2011, making it the first prison to be closed in Texas history. During this time, the outstanding crime rate in Texas also dropped to its lowest point in decades. Prior to this renovation, Texas demonstrated a radical move in 2003 when <a href="http://www.aclu.org/files/assets/smartreformispossible_web.pdf" target="_hplink">Governor Rick Perry signed into law a bill</a> that mandated probation and drug treatment for first-time, low-level drug offenders in place of jail. Perry also pardoned 35 African-Americans unfairly convicted of drug offenses in the landmark Tulia case that same year. This highly publicized case spurred several reforms to the state's criminal system, including legally prohibiting racial profiling by police officers.
AP
Aging while gay poses its own challenges. Viacheslav Nikolaenko / Shutterstock
It's a commonplace to point out that, within the gay male community, youth—and the sexual attractiveness that supposedly comes with it—is a valuable currency. Obviously straight folks prize smooth skin and nubile bodies as well, but there's a certain way in which the youth cult gets hyper-concentrated among gay guys. And as a new study shows, that concentration can have a disturbingly negative impact on us as we inevitably age.
The paper, out this week in the journal Social Science & Medicine, looked at a sample of 312 gay men with an average age of 61; a team of researchers led by Richard G. Wight asked the men the extent to which they agreed or disagreed with statements like “aging is especially hard for me because I am a gay man,” and “as I get older, I feel more invisible when I am with other gay men.” The researchers' goal was to test their hypothesis that “the particular overlap between internalized ageism and internalized homophobia among midlife and older gay men generates ‘internalized gay ageism.” In other words, in gay men, the wider overvaluing of youth in our culture mixes with standard homophobia to create a brand-new internalized “sexual minority stress.”
The bad news? “Internalized gay ageism” is a real thing. The study, which created a scale for measuring IGA, found a “positive and statistically significant” relationship between IGA and “depressive symptoms.” Importantly, the sample group had been tracked since enrolling in an AIDS-related study in 1984 (61 percent of respondents were HIV-negative), the historical data from which enabled researchers to control for confounding factors like depressive symptom history. While the paper warns that these results, which focused on an urban cohort, should test on a larger scale before being generalized to the elder gay male population at large, this paper (taken with plenty of anecdotal observation) is enough to suggest that IGA is a very real problem for our older generation.
Fortunately, the researchers identified one factor that shows promise in at least partially softening the “social stress” of IGA: mattering. “Mattering,” according to the paper, “refers to the degree to which people feel they are an important part of the world around them.” It goes on: “People with a high sense of mattering feel that others think about them, seek their advice, or care about what happens to them.” A sense of mattering could come from a variety of sources, but one that immediately comes to mind is for young gay men to make a point of spending time and developing friendships with older gay men. There's something of a taboo on this within the community—partially due to the (sometimes true) idea that older gay men are only after sex and partially because younger gay men can be incurious, historically ignorant babies—but it's one we have to overcome. I have long encouraged cross-generational conversation as a way of transmitting and preserving our history—but now we know it's also essential to the health of the guys who made it possible for us to be out in the first place.
To their credit, the paper authors recognize the injustice inherent in having our heroes think they don't matter because they are no longer idealized young studs: “These men have traversed unparalleled, personally relevant historical changes across their adult lives and have paved the way for younger generations of sexual minorities to live in a time of less institutionalized discrimination,” they write in the conclusion. “Still, they are subject to feeling socially invisible and depreciated in their later years, especially within the gay male community.” This is shameful—the very place they should feel at home and cared for should not be a source of stress. We can and must do better.
A union organizer in upstate New York has landed in hot water after tweeting support and prayers for an armed carjacker who opened fire on two local police officers.
Officers Joshua Comitale and Chad Klein were both fired upon while responding to a gunpoint carjacking Saturday night. Klein was shot in the shoulder at point-blank range, while Comitale was shot multiple times in the legs. Both officers will undergo surgeries but are expected to recover from their injuries.
The suspect, 39-year-old Thaddeus Faison, was shot multiple times and continued to resist arrest. He would later succumb to his injuries.
While most in the community were praising the officers for their heroic actions in getting Faison, a career criminal who police Chief John Tedesco described as “very violent” off the streets, a local union organizer had a very different take.
Sean Collins, listed as an Albany organizer for SEIU Local 200 United, repeatedly posted support for the carjacker on social media, while simultaneously denouncing the police for their actions.
Collins' initial ire was raised by a tweet from mayoral candidate Rodney Wiltshire, a Democrat who offered prayers for the officers. Wiltshire wrote, “Please say prayers for our officers who were just shot in the line of duty.” The SEIU employee responded forcefully, “AND FOR THE SUSPECT TOO, FFS.”
The response seemed peculiar, since Collins' SEIU colleagues at Local 200 United, as well as 1199 SEIU, have endorsed and supported Wiltshire in his run for mayor of Troy — and his previous campaign for city council.
Under fire, Collins refused to back down from his controversial remarks, tweeting hours later, “While the reactionaries vie for who loves the cops the most, my thoughts lie with Thaddeus' family – he is more than the sum of his mistakes.”
The local organizer and former intern for Democratic Congressman Paul Tonko explained that the police officers were actually to blame for the shooting incident, simply by virtue of showing up on the scene.
“Up until Klein and Comatile showed,” Collins wrote, “everyone was alive and unharmed.”
Faison had an extensive criminal history, including eight arrests of which four were classified as “violent crimes.”
Meanwhile, Collins has been active in past anti-police rallies, including a “die-in” he helped organize at Crossgates Mall for “Black Lives Matter” activists.
Rusty Weiss is a long-time political analyst and editor of the New York political blog, The Mental Recession. His work has appeared at The Daily Caller, FreedomWorks and Fox News. He currently writes for The Political Insider and Headline Politics.
Lilliwaup, Wash.–
Lena Lake happened to be a beautiful place to go early in the season. Fortunately, it did not live up to its Animal House reputation. I was a little worried about the rain as I looked at the forecast. But armed with a blue tarp made by a company called Outdoor Products, Robbie and I kept the light afternoon showers off and then they were over.
There were a couple of other sites with people in them. Where was everybody else? Did we not get the memo about the vendor at the Freemont Farmer's Market unloading his best free-range, shade grown chickens?
Like many hikes in the Olympics we were surrounded by big trees–the ones that make you stop and scratch your head. These are still plants, right? Like entire hillsides, and valleys, and mountains, and mountain ranges filled with giant plants. And then underneath the giant plants are all these mosses and lichens that look like toupees for rocks. The attention to detail is too much. Robbie started telling me about how high definition real life is, and that's when I knew we were on a good hike.
At night we sat around camp talking about whatever normal things guys talk about.
In the morning we packed up, enjoyed another bottle of iodine water. And consoled ourselves upon our return to the car by listening to some Led Zeppelin.
Advertisements
Let's scroll 10 years back to 2006, when a wrestler named Tochiazuma emerged victorious in the January Grand Sumo tournament. That win, by a native Japanese grappler, was already a rare occasion, as Mongolian yokozuna (grand champion) Asashoryu almost completely dominated the sport and another Mongolian, a promising newcomer named Hakuho, was moving up fast.
By January 2007, Flash magazine went so far as to predict it would not be too far-fetched to imagine that within a few more years, sumo's sanyaku (the three highest ranks in the top division) would be composed entirely of non-Japanese wrestlers.
That hasn't quite come to pass, but it hardly matters: Out of the 78 past tournaments over 13 years (the Osaka 2011 tournament was canceled due to scandal over match fixing), native Japanese wrestlers have taken only five championships. This domination by non-Japanese wrestlers is all the more impressive if one considers that of the roughly 660 total number of grapplers in the ranks of professional sumo, non-Japanese account for only about 6 percent.
So you can imagine some fans' sense of pride, mixed with relief, when Kotoshogiku, a 32-year-old native of Fukuoka Prefecture holding the rank of ozeki (champion), pushed and shoved his way to victory in the recent January tournament with a solid 14-1 record. His sole loss came at the hands of mid-ranked maegashira (rank-and-file wrestler) Toyonoshima, who won the outstanding performance prize for his 12-3 record.
Although Kotoshogiku stands out as one of the top performers in the sport, his fighting technique can be described as completely predictable: Like an angry water buffalo, he springs out of a crouch using his low center of gravity and momentum from his 178 kilograms to drive opponents to the straw rope's edge, where he typically delivers a series of rapid body thrusts, described as gaburi-yori (“one bite at a time”), that propel opponents from the ring. The secret to beating him is to blunt his charge by leaping to the side and then rush in and grab his belt or trip him before he can recover.
Several magazines, including Shukan Bunshun and Shukan Shincho (both Feb. 4), largely chose to sidestep reportage on Kotoshogiku's tournament victory, instead focusing on his Jan. 30 gala wedding reception. More coverage was devoted to his multilingual bride, Yumi Ishida, than to Kotoshogiku himself.
Another interesting side-effect of Kotoshogiku's victory was how the media referred to his origins. As opposed to nihonjin (Japanese), the nomenclature used by NHK and followed by others was nihon shusshin (“from Japan”), although some publications used wasei (“made in Japan”).
Aera (Feb. 8) observed that usage of nihon shusshin “feels awkward,” but nonetheless can't fault it entirely as it points to wider recognition in sumo, and by society as a whole, that foreign athletes who have acquired Japanese nationality also need to be acknowledged.
For instance, Mongolian-born grappler Kyokutenho became naturalized in 2005, which means he'd already been Japanese for seven years at the time he won the May 2012 tournament. He has since retired and now heads the Oshima stable.
Aera cites Doshisha University professor Hajime Ota as someone who is uncomfortable with the expression nihon shusshin. “It's all right if fans are pleased by the achievements of Japan-born wrestlers,” he says, but adds that if the competitors adhere to the spirit and traditions of sumo, there's no point in making national origin distinctions. He feels that NHK bears a heavy responsibility for treating foreign wrestlers differently, departing from international standards. And Aera concludes that media in Japan are lagging further behind in globalization than even the Sumo Association or fans.
A few stories cast suspicions over Kotoshogiku's victory. On the day following the tournament, tabloid newspaper Nikkan Gendai (Jan. 26) devoted its entire back page to sumo coverage. Regarding his victory over Hakuho on the 11th day, it applied the accusatory term mukiryoku (lethargic), which in the sport is used to describe not making an effort to win.
Never reluctant to expose sumo's shortcomings, Shukan Post (Feb. 12) ran a three-page story titled “Alas, another 10 years can be expected before a ‘wrestler from Japan' wins again.”
“The only thing that comes to mind is that in this tournament, Hakuho has, in various ways, become sensitized to the feelings of the fans,” said a unnamed sports journalist. “The change occurred on the ninth day of the tournament, after he defeated Tochiozan with a henka (quick sidestep maneuver).”
Fans disapprove of such trickery by a grand champion, and boos were heard from the audience.
It was two days later that Hakuho so unexpectedly went down to an easy defeat against Kotoshogiku's predictable shoving attack.
What possible motive would he have for not winning? Recent speculation suggests Hakuho — already sumo's all-time great with 36 tournament victories — seeks to persuade the Sumo Association to accord him the unprecedented privilege of allowing him to head his own stable — which would be unprecedented in sumo history. So perhaps his allowing a popular rival to win would have been a case of going along to get along, so to speak.
Be that as it may, no real challenges to the Mongolians appear on sumo's horizon. An unnamed sumo insider told Shukan Post: “In recent years, Japanese wrestlers fail at the stage of being scouted. Youngsters with excellent physical attributes are grabbed by other sports, and the candidates who report for the physical exam and induction into sumo have been declining, with no prospects for change in sight …
“On the other hand, for Mongolians, Japanese sumo is still a sport that offers them a chance to pursue their dreams. I expect their dominance will continue for a while longer.”
It very well may be 10 more years until a “Japanese” wins another grand sumo tournament, the magazine concludes.
Dieselnoi Chor Thanasukarn (born December 26, 1961 as Charin Sorndee) is a Thai former lightweight Muay Thai kickboxer and undefeated Lumpinee Stadium champion.[1]
Biography and career [ edit ]
Dieselnoi (The Little Diesel) was born in Tambon Huakoon, Nakhon Luang, Ayutthaya province. He started practicing Muay Thai at the Sor Banchongsak training camp under the guidance of Banchong Ngarm-ket. According to the Thai tradition, his first fighting name was Dieselnoi Sor Banchongsak, named in the honor of his first gym. He made his muaythai debut in the 32 kg weight division. After 4–5 bouts, he changed the camp and fought under the name of Dieselnoi Sor Vorakulchai at Sri Ratcha, Chonburi. In 1969, he changed his name again and boxed for the Chor Thanasukarn camp, where he remained for the rest of his career.[1]
In 1981, Dieselnoi fought Koapong Sittichuchai and won the Lumpinee Stadium Lightweight (135 lbs) championship title. It was their third meeting after one knock out win each in their previous fights. In 1982, Dieselnoi defended his title against Samart Payakaroon, outscoring his opponent by his trademark knee attacks. It was of the biggest muaythai fights in 80's with the purse of around 350,000 and 400,000 baht each. Dieselnoi reigned the lightweight division for two consecutive years without any challengers. His next fight was with Sakad Petchyindee on June 7, 1984. It was again Dieselnoi's overpowering knee strikes that won him the bout. After being the champion for four consecutive years he was eventually stripped from his title and forced to retire because there was nobody in his weight division left to fight.[1]
Titles [ edit ]
1981–85 Undefeated Lumpinee Stadium Lightweight champion
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
RED Mountain is an Endangered Species within the ski resort world. We have the snowfall, vertical drop, world-class terrain and 4-season fun to go boot-to-boot with the Big Guys, but have consciously maintained our mom 'n'pop/weird uncle feel for over 100 years. We're tired of seeing families priced out of a premier ski vacation by Mega Resorts. It's time for a change...
RED Mountain's preservation as a fiercely independent, non-corporate entity is beyond worthwhile and now you get to be apart of it: “Fight the Man. Own the Mountain.”
Through this campaign, we're giving you the chance to actually own a piece of this place. That's right – OWN: The mountain, the chairlifts, the lodge, condos, snow making, you name it. Every asset we've got, man. (Think of it as “Shred Equity”…)
This is your chance to actually be an owner of an extraordinary mountain that many consider a true sanctuary in a complex world. This is a unique investment opportunity – and it's not just an opportunity for the 1-Percent.
The news reports are wrong. There is another company which is much, much bigger
“Apple is the most valuable firm of all time” says the Guardian. As does the Daily Telegraph, the BBC, The Register and more than 1,200 other news sites around the world.
The logic: “Shares in the tech giant hit a high of $664.75 (£422.50) in Monday morning trading, valuing the company at more than $619bn. The price topped the $618.9bn Microsoft achieved in December 1999.
“In January, Apple surpassed oil firm Exxon Mobil for the first time to become the most valuable company on the planet. It now dwarfs Exxon's $405.6bn market value by more than $213bn.”
The problem?
It's wrong.
The world's most valuable firm is Saudi Aramco, the national oil company of Saudi Arabia.
Saudi Aramco has proven reserves of 260 billion barrels of oil. That is a fifth of all the oil in the world. And let's not forget the 283 trillion cubic feet of natural gas reserves (the fourth largest in the world).
It employs 56,066 people and comes with its own fleet of supertankers and network of refineries.
The industry journal Petroleum Intelligence Weekly ranks energy firms by asset size, and places Saudi Aramco as the world #1, ahead of the National Iranian Oil Co at #2, and ExxonMobile at #3. The Russian behemoth Gazprom scrapes in at #10.
Valuing a firm like this isn't easy.
Looking at the oil market, BP, ranked #6 by PIW, is valued at £85bn at a p/e of 7.87. It has proven reserves of 17.75 billion barrels of oil.
Applying the same metrics to Saudi Aramco gives a value of $1.245 trillion for Saudi Aramco, or double the value of Apple.
But Saudi Aramco is a more desirable property than BP. Its oil is easier to extract than most of BP's sites. (Offshore oil rigs are a nightmare to run; Saudi Aramco's rigs sit in the desert.)
And Saudi Aramco is likely understating its reserves. It has plenty of black stuff to extract without hunting for more. So the real total of its assets may be significantly higher.
Furthermore, Saudi Aramco is a more stable company than Apple. The iPhone may be overtaken by HTC's devices or Samsung, or some new Chinese firm we've never heard of. Steve Jobs, god rest his magnificent soul, is departed. Who knows what the future holds. Anything could happen to Apple in the next five years.
But oil is a steady proposition. The only long term threat is nuclear power, but we are talking decades of slow change.
Saudi Aramco is the most appealing investment imaginable. No wonder the House of Saud does not fancy floating the firm.
Placing a value on the Saudi Aramco is difficult. We could be talking anywhere between two trillion dollars. Could be talking five. But there is simply no question that it dwarves Apple.
–
Começa com um machucado. Indolor, costuma não ser bonito, mas também não é o fim do mundo. Quando aparece na área genital, fica evidente nos homens, mas pode acabar escondido dentro da vagina sem chamar qualquer atenção. Há ainda outros casos discretos, como na garganta ou no ânus. Aí, quando você está começando a se preocupar, Bam! Desaparece. Parabéns! Seu sistema imunológico é mesmo incrível, né? Na verdade, não. Você só passou para a próxima etapa de uma doença que, a curto ou longo prazo, pode atacar seu cérebro, mudar a estrutura dos seus ossos, deformar seu rosto e matar seus filhos. Você tem sífilis.
Essa história está se repetindo mais do que o esperado no Brasil. Em outubro de 2016, o Ministério da Saúde reconheceu que a situação estava fugindo do controle e decretou a epidemia. Não é exagero, nossos números são assustadores. Desde 2010, quando os hospitais passaram a ser obrigados a repassar seus dados sobre a doença para o ministério, foram notificados quase 228 mil novos casos; só entre 2014 e 2015 houve um aumento de 32% nos casos de sífilis entre adultos – e mais de 20% em mulheres grávidas. A maior parte dos casos está na região Sudeste (56%), a mais urbanizada e desenvolvida do País. Só para ter uma ideia do desastre, em 2015 tivemos 6,5 casos de bebês infectados a cada mil nascidos vivos; o valor é 13 vezes maior do que a Organização Mundial da Saúde considera aceitável.
Agora, se você não prestava realmente muita atenção nas aulas de educação sexual, é bem capaz que não saiba o que é, de fato, essa doença. Sífilis é o nome dado à infecção decorrente da bactéria Treponema pallidum. Ela invade o corpo em quatro fases. Cada etapa determina o quão dominado ele está pelos micro-organismos. A primeira, já citada no começo desse texto, é rápida (dura no mínimo quatro e no máximo oito semanas) e se manifesta como uma ferida indolor que desaparece sozinha, sem deixar rastros. O fato de o machucado não doer está longe de ser bondade. É estratégia de sobrevivência das bactérias. Se não dói, dá para transar – e disseminá-las. A segunda fase é ainda mais favorável para os micróbios. A doença volta a dar as caras entre seis semanas e seis meses após os machucados genitais sumirem. O infectado pode apresentar feridas pelo corpo, manchas vermelhas e, sobretudo, lesões na palma das mãos ou dos pés – sintomas que podem ser facilmente confundidos com uma alergia cutânea. E adivinha só: se você tomar um antialérgico, é provável que as feridas sumam. O que é péssimo. As reações afinal são tentativas do corpo de sinalizar a doença, e uma medicação equivocada para abafar os sintomas mascara o pedido de socorro. Uma vez que os sinais se vão mais uma vez – mesmo sem medicação isso acontece -, passe livre para voltar a transar e multiplicar a espécie – da bactéria. E começa a terceira fase da doença: a sífilis latente. O nome não é à toa. Nesse período (que pode durar até 40 anos), a sífilis fica reclusa. Na verdade, ela perde até seu caráter infeccioso; ou seja, o portador não passa mais a bactéria para frente. Fica tudo bem até explodir a sífilis terciária, fase aguda da moléstia. As úlceras que começam a brotar pelo corpo são tão agressivas que, em regiões de contato direto da pele com ossos, como no crânio, o esqueleto começa a ser corroído. Na tíbia, principal osso da canela, o corpo até tenta combater a degeneração: conforme a erosão óssea aparece, o estrago vai sendo calcificado. A região afetada começa a engrossar e, com o avanço do desgaste, a canela vai ficando curvada. Em alguns casos, a bacia também é afetada e o doente perde a capacidade de andar em linha reta. Uma das maneiras mais antigas de identificar portadores de sífilis, inclusive, é ver se a pessoa caminha como um pato, rebolando por causa da bacia deteriorada. Implacável, a infecção ainda ataca os sistemas vascular e nervoso – o que pode acontecer precocemente entre a primeira e a segunda fase. Quando a bactéria finalmente ocupa o cérebro, o infectado começa a sentir alterações de humor e pode desenvolver demência. É a chamada neurosífilis. Nesta última fase, finalmente, transar não ameaça mais aos outros. A sífilis deixa de ser infecciosa e quer acabar somente com o portador.
Barato saindo caro
Nessa violenta investida pelos nossos corpos, as bactérias não perdoam ninguém. E um dos alvos mais frágeis é um grupo que tem sofrido particularmente com epidemias recentes no Brasil: as grávidas. Assim como o zika, a sífilis não poupa os bebês. Se uma gestante está infectada, em qualquer fase da doença, a criança pode nascer com sífilis congênita. 59% das crianças nascidas de mães com sífilis também apresentaram sinais da bactéria. A condição pode ocasionar más formações neurológicas e ósseas, além do óbito – em 2015, 1,4% das crianças nascidas com sífilis congênita não sobreviveu. Não dá para dizer que é um número pequeno. Quando olhamos para o panorama geral, isso significa que, a cada 100 mil nascimentos, sete crianças não vivem nem um ano, por causa da bactéria.
Mesmo diante desse cenário de guerra, a sífilis está longe de ser uma sentença de morte. A infecção pode ser curada com um tratamento barato e ridículo de simples: algumas doses de penicilina. Se a doença for diagnosticada no primeiro ano, a cura se resume a apenas duas injeções de benzetacil, uma em cada glúteo. Sim aquela mesma que você encontra na farmácia – e pode ser administrada, inclusive, para grávidas. Se o diagnóstico só aparecer mais tarde, sem problemas: penicilina cristalina (uma versão mais poderosa do antibiótico) nela, dessa vez por um pouco mais de tempo, duas injeções por glúteo em três doses semanais. Esse procedimento consegue até mesmo impedir a passagem da bactéria da grávida para seu filho. O tratamento na mãe também cura a criança. Quanto mais cedo o tratamento nela, menores os danos no bebê. Mas, caso a mãe dê à luz sem eliminar a bactéria do corpo, o bebê é automaticamente medicado. Recebe cristalina na veia por 10 a 14 dias – isso não recupera problemas neurológicos ou ósseos já causados pela doença, mas evita que a sífilis continue atacando o recém-nascido.
Mas como é que o Brasil conseguiu virar palco de uma epidemia tão facilmente curável? Umas das justificativas utilizadas pelo Ministério da Saúde é a queda no uso das camisinhas. Ela, de fato, é real – mas fica difícil jogar toda a responsabilidade em cima disso, porque os números da queda não são tão expressivos assim: em 2004, 58,4% dos jovens de 15 a 24 anos usavam o preservativo em relações casuais; em 2013 (ano da pesquisa ministerial mais recente sobre o assunto), o número baixou para 56,6%. No uso dentro de relações estáveis a proporção é parecida: em 2004 eram 38,8%; em 2013, 34,2%. O mais provável é que a acessibilidade da penicilina tenha passado de nossa maior aliada para nossa maior inimiga. O preço modesto, que deveria facilitar o acesso da população à droga, desestimula a indústria farmacêutica a fabricá-la. Resultado: em 2015, faltou penicilina nas prateleiras do Brasil. E mesmo quando havia remédio aparecia um problema: ninguém na rede pública queria aplicá-lo. Até julho de 2015 era proibida a aplicação do medicamento pela equipe de enfermagem de locais que não estivessem equipados para evitar um choque anafilático. Na prática, se o posto de saúde não tivesse material para uma entubação, por exemplo, não poderia medicar portadores de sífilis. Pior ainda, se um enfermeiro do local resolvesse administrar penicilina, poderia ser responsabilizado por isso. O resultado foi o medo: segundo o Ministério da Saúde, 50% das equipes médicas evitavam aplicar penicilina por causa desse receio. Há também uma culpa paterna pela disseminação da doença: 62% dos parceiros de mulheres grávidas com sífilis não tomam os medicamentos, dando continuidade ao ciclo da bactéria. Além disso, estamos ajudando as estatísticas contabilizando com mais precisão o número de casos nacionais de sífilis. Desde 2010, o diagnóstico é atrelado a uma notificação compulsória, ou seja, sempre que ela é detectada, esses dados têm se ser enviados ao ministério, para que o órgão entenda o tamanho do surto pelo qual o País está passando. Vale ressaltar, porém, que isso não deveria aumentar o número de sífilis em crianças e grávidas. Desde 1986 o repasse de informações ao ministério é obrigatório para casos de sífilis congênita, e desde 2005 para os diagnósticos em gestantes. Mas a lógica segue: quanto mais preciso e amplo vai ficando o sistema, mais os números crescem. Isso dá margem para pensar que a epidemia pode estar acontecendo há mais tempo do que imaginamos.
Você é de onde?
Não se sabe exatamente quando, onde e como a sífilis surgiu. Uma das teses mais aceitas é de que a infecção seja uma doença das Américas que chegou à Europa quase que junto com a notícia do descobrimento do continente. Os pioneiros das grandes navegações teriam contraído a bactéria, que foi espalhada pela Europa quando eles retornavam para casa. Uma das evidências nessa direção é que a bactéria realmente existia por aqui antes de Cabral aportar. “Encontramos ossadas com mais de 4 mil anos de índios que tiveram sífilis”, afirma José Filippini, professor do Instituto de Biociências da USP. Para detectar a infecção, Filippini se aproveitava do estrago que a doença faz no corpo. “A sífilis tem marcas muito claras. Se eu pego uma tíbia (osso da canela) em formato de sabre, por exemplo, sei que as chances de ser um sifilítico são altas”, conta. Outra teoria é a de que a sífilis sempre existiu na Europa, mas era diagnosticada equivocadamente. “Ela pode ser confundida com a lepra, por exemplo. Os que concordam com a teoria da sífilis pré-colombiana afirmam que ela talvez seja tão antiga quanto a humanidade. Diversas pesquisas afirmam que a bactéria surgiu na África e foi se espalhando pelo mundo junto com nossos ancestrais.
De volta para o futuro
O Ministério da Saúde, por meio da diretora Adele Benzaken, do Departamento de IST(Infecções Sexualmente Transmissíveis), Aids e Hepatites Virais, explicou à SUPER como está tentando controlar a doença. “A sífilis nunca foi vista como prioridade aqui no Brasil. Declará-la oficialmente como epidemia, construir uma agenda sólida para o controle dela e pedir ajuda da população a respeito é importante para reverter o quadro”, expõe Adele. “Você tem que examinar a situação. Analisar os grupos mais vulneráveis (prostitutas e usuários de drogas, por exemplo) e o restante da população. Se há um aumento repentino no número de infectados, e onde eles estão aparecendo. A sífilis é uma doença que precisa ser analisada por um tempo para entendermos se é um surto ou uma epidemia”, afirma Adele. Declarada a epidemia, os holofotes da mídia se voltam para o assunto, o que ajuda na conscientização popular. “Desde outubro eu não paro de dar entrevista sobre isso. Acho que deu certo”, diz.
Mas expor a situação ao público é só uma das frentes de batalha. Outras medidas urgentes estão em curso. Com a declaração da epidemia, o governo está articulando para liberar o preço da penicilina, para que fique mais cara. E isso é bom para o combate à sífilis. Apesar de soar contraintuitivo, a realidade é que a indústria farmacêutica não tinha interesse em produzir um medicamento que não lhe desse uma margem de lucro alta – mesmo que curasse centenas de milhares de pessoas. Negócio é negócio. Agora, a ideia é estimular um aumento na produção do remédio. Em 2016, como medida paliativa, mais de 1 milhão de doses do antibiótico foram importadas; outras 700 mil foram compradas aqui dentro. O plano é que o estoque atual dure até o fim de 2017, e que já em 2018 a produção atenda à demanda nacional.
Um parecer do Conselho Federal de Enfermagem (Cofen) também liberou a aplicação em postos de atendimento. “A restrição era absurda, a cada 100 mil são menos de três casos em que ocorre choque anafilático. É mais fácil ter uma reação dessa comendo algo em um restaurante – e lá não tem desfibrilador”, afirma Vencelau Pantoja, do Cofen.
Há também um cuidado progressivo com os diagnósticos. Entre 2001 e 2015 os testes rápidos entregues pelo SUS passaram de 1 milhão para 6 milhões; o Ministério da Saúde afirma que está instruindo médicos a falar sobre DSTs e a distribuir o exame na primeira consulta de pré-natal. Nesses casos, o resultado sai na hora, e a mãe já pode iniciar o tratamento. Outra promessa é uma parceria com o Ministério da Educação para que a sífilis e outras infecções sexualmente transmissíveis,sejam apresentadas em sala de aula.
Dificilmente essas boas práticas resolverão o problema da sífilis no Brasil, mas podem amenizar o cenário. Ainda que, sem sentir dor, muitos brasileiros infectados não estejam nas preocupantes estatísticas só porque não foram ao médico perguntar sobre aquela feridinha que, olha só, já passou…
On 27 May 2015—shortly after the general election—LSE London held a small, specialist workshop on the role of housing associations in accelerating development in London. Attendees included chief executives, finance directors, trade bodies, local authority officials and other stakeholders and commentators. The conversation focused on the possibilities, barriers and in particular the incentives and risks that Housing Associations perceive in expanding housing investment.
There was general agreement that Housing Associations had a major role to play in accelerating development in London – and that it was possible to do much more than was currently in the pipeline. The larger, more assertive associations were working with a range of different models to extend their capacity to develop through cross subsidy from more market oriented projects – involving both properties to rent and for sale. They were also working in partnership with other associations (including smaller associations who had borrowing capacity) and particularly with local authorities to speed up development and to achieve the best value for the resources they were committing.
There was discussion about whether Housing Associations were taking a positive enough approach. Some thought that there is too much negativity among associations and perhaps inadequate recognition of the history of subsidy and support upon which the government now wishes to draw. But there was also agreement that a number of the largest associations were taking a range of initiatives that could increase output levels significantly in the next few years.
Major barriers
There are important continuing barriers to development, including particularly land availability; uncertainties associated with the planning process; the limited capacity of planning departments; and problems with partnership working both between housing associations and between associations and local authorities.
Land availability – and the impact on price of too many organisations competing for the land that is available – is a continuing issue for all major players. All wanted a mechanism for ensuring a secure ten year supply of land.
Linked to this was the problem around the certainty of the planning process. If developers think they can modify the planning permission in their favour then they will bid more for the land – and then say they cannot afford the obligations. A number of participants thought that, given how badly the system was now working, a move to a tariff system for all obligations including affordable housing would produce better outcomes.
Concerns about the lack of resources and experience in local authorities have arisen consistently during our debates and not just in the context of negotiating planning obligations. So far working together in groups of authorities has not produced savings or better/quicker decisions. More fundamentally while each site has to be treated individually and sometimes has to be further reviewed during the development process the resource time involved for all concerned is enormous.
A rather different issue for local authority departments is how many associations they have to deal with on a regular basis – in some central London authorities there are 80 plus associations, each with different missions and approaches. Equally, the very different stances of local authorities on planning and allocation issues mean that one association may be dealing with very large numbers of local authorities across the country. The great variety of objectives among both housing associations and local authorities is one of the major reasons why partnership working is more difficult than it might appear on paper.
Growing Risks
Perhaps the most important issue for housing associations in determining their development and ownership programmes in the immediate future is growing policy risk. Much of the discussion at the roundtable focused on the extension of Right to Buy to housing associations. Many felt that this would have an immediate effect on their capacity to deliver new investment, particularly because of lenders' concerns but also because of the potential for any new investment itself to be sold off. There was a feeling that this risk was not yet understood and perhaps that kneejerk reactions were unhelpful. As the policy would be implemented in some form what has to be developed are strategies to mitigate negative impacts.
Most associations still have relatively few Affordable Rent properties but numbers would grow through the Parliament. Too little is known about who lives in these properties and how dependent they are on housing benefit. There was discussion about whether criteria should be established so that in the future these properties should form a distinct ‘intermediate' niche to accommodate working households able to afford the rent.
A further risk involved the manifesto pledge to reduce the welfare cap so that in some areas it would start to impact not just on larger families but also on those with only two children in higher rent areas. Here again, the fear of many around the table was that development capacity would be reduced as a result of a less certain income stream.
(Since the roundtable the budget has confirmed the welfare cap reductions and put in place a standstill on working age welfare benefits. However the most important – and unexpected – change has been that housing association must cut their rents by 1% each year for the next four years. This both reverses an agreement made last year, increasing policy risk, and further reduces capacity to invest.)
Ways Forward
Attendees were asked for ‘game changers' that would make a real difference in accelerating delivery. The three key suggestions were:
The latest 'honour killing' in Hyderabad has shocked people because the family is middle class and it happened in open court
So-called honour killings by families who believe their daughters have disgraced them are increasingly common in Pakistan. But the gunning down last week of a woman by her brother, a lawyer, in front of dozens of witnesses in a packed courtroom in the bustling city of Hyderabad marks an alarming new low.
The family of 22 year-old Raheela Sehto had already made their fury at her marriage to Zulfiqar Sehto – a love match struck without their permission – abundantly clear. They reacted by filing a claim with local police that their daughter had been kidnapped by her 30-year-old husband, a life-long neighbour who had wooed Raheela over the years, although largely through clandestine mobile phone conversations.
Her uncle had tried to throttle her with a scarf at an earlier appearance at the high court in Hyderabad in July. The couple had petitioned the court for its protection and to try and have the kidnapping charges thrown out.
But Sehto, a university graduate working for the local electricity company, said they felt they had no reason to fear for their lives in court, even when in the earlier part of the morning he was sitting almost directly in front of his wife's eventual killer, Javed Iqbal Shaikh, her brother.
Shortly after the two judges had returned to their seats after a break, Shaikh, dressed in the black suit and tie of his profession, produced a gun he had smuggled into court, lunged at Raheela and shot her point-blank in the left side of the head.
"Before she fell to the ground, my wife was looking straight at me," said Sehto. The gunman, Shaikh, then tried to shoot Sehto, but was overpowered by police.
Although furious families have succeeded in killing their daughters in police custody before, it is the first time such an incident has occurred in open court.
The killer managed to evade security checks, including two sets of metal detectors and body searches, because he was one of the country's obstreperous lawyers – an entitled group that has been known to assault policemen violently.
"The lawyers, they don't like to be searched," said Amjad Shaikh, a police superintendent in Hyderabad, the main city in Pakistan's southern province of Sindh. "Security is a little bit of a problem there."
Apparently unrepentant, Shaikh gave interviews to journalists later, while in custody, saying he had "lost my mind".
"I did that in rage because she had dishonoured the family," he said to a Pakistani newspaper. Four other family members who accompanied him in court have also been charged over the killing.
"Everyone is very shocked by this because it happened in an educated family," said the police officer. "Normally, honour killings happen in the rural areas where people are not educated."
In the countryside such crimes can even be given the imprimatur of local "jirgas", informal and illegal justice systems run by communities that enforce tribal law.
The superintendent added that the involvement of the Shaikhs was also unusual, saying they are known for being "peaceful".
The Shaikhs of Sindh, originally migrants from neighbouring Punjab, tend to enjoy high levels of education, are traditionally involved in trade and are little connected with tribal custom.
According to the latest survey of violence against women by the Aurat Foundation, a rights group, there were 2,341 honour killings in 2011 in Pakistan – a 27% jump on the year before. The report also said there were more than 8,000 abductions and 3,461 rapes and gang rapes.
But the figures were just "the tip of the iceberg", it warned, saying researchers relied on those cases that were reported in the media only.
Amar Sindhu, a professor of philosophy at Sindh University and a women's rights activist, said the phenomenon was less to do with "cultural and social practices" and more to do with "the complete absence of the rule of law".
"Even in the 19th-century, the colonial authorities were able to reduce these crimes by enforcing laws when social, cultural and religious practices were just as male dominated and anti-woman as they are today," she said.
Sehto struggled to speak as he described the loss of his young wife, whom he had known for almost his entire life, growing up in the small town of Behlani.
"She was my neighbour and we went to each other's home since we were children," he said. "We began to fall in love more than 18 months ago, but they kept refusing my family's request to marry her."
Raheela agreed to elope with Sehto only after her father attempted to marry her off to a Shaikh from Punjab whom she did not know, he said.
His family has now left Behlani, and he said he will never return.
"All I want is justice, I want the court to convict Javed and his accomplices with the death penalty," he said.
Paw Prints: Writings of the maddog
Jon maddog Hall
Unix (and Linux) command line programs are like old friends. You get caught up in the day-to-day hustle of life and you may forget about them temporarily, but sooner or later you remember them and that warm feeling comes over you....
dd(1) is one of those programs that gives me a warm feeling. How simple dd(1) seems to most people, just reading in data at one end of the program and outputting the data at the other end, perhaps doing a little data blocking or unblocking and perhaps a little conversion. And of course a lot of us use dd(1) to clone disk drives and other “utility” tasks, because dd(1) is simple, fast and can work from a command line.
Yet on two separate occasions dd “saved my bacon”, so there is a soft spot in my heart for the command.
The first time was around 1984, when I had first started working for Digital Equipment Corporation. A salesman had a nine-track tape that had some data on it, and he had been told by the customer that if Digital could get the FORTRAN programs and the data off the tape, compiled onto our Ultrix system and run, that the customer would buy a lot of systems. The salesman, not having any other place to go, found me and asked if I would help. The salesman told me that “the format of the programs and the data on the tape was well documented.” I had heard stories of “well documented tapes” before, and I was skeptical, but I agreed to help.
Amazingly enough, the programs and the data on the tape WERE documented well. The tape had been made on an IBM system, so all the sources on the tape were in EBCDIC (pronounced “eb seh dik”, a character encoding used by IBM) instead of ASCII (you know how to pronounce that) and the instructions told how the records (80 character card images) and blocks (fixed size) were put on the tape. First came the programs, then the data. The data was a different block size, but still 80 character records.
After mounting the tape on the system, one “for” loop in shell with the dd(1) command set up to unblock the records and to translate the EBCDIC to ASCII, and I had pulled all the FORTRAN programs off the tape into separate source code files for compilation. Another “for” loop and another dd(1) command and I had all the data from the tape onto the disk in separate files.
I looked at the FORTRAN source code. I noticed that their logical unit numbers for I/O more or less matched up with what Ultrix was expecting for standard in, standard out and standard error. I compiled and linked the programs and ran them, redirecting the data files to standard input and capturing the output by re-directing standard out onto the disk.
At that point I had done everything the customer and salesperson had requested....total time was about an hour.
Then I noticed that the customer had a plotting program also written in FORTRAN to help them visualize the data. I had no plotter available, but the VT125 character cell terminal on my desk had a crude graphics mode called ReGIS. With ReGIS you could draw things on the character-cell terminal using byte codes. I decided to create a small set of subroutines that would match up with the customer's subroutine calls and output ReGIS byte codes to the terminal.
The subroutine calls were simple and few, so I finished the subroutines in a couple of hours, and linked them into the plotting program. Now I could see the customer's data on a simple, relatively fast and relatively inexpensive VT125 instead of having to put a piece of paper in a plotter and wait for a pen to draw the diagram.
I put all of this back onto the magnetic tape, but in a tar file, and wrote the same careful instructions about how to pull it off and what I had done.
The salesman bought me dinner.
The next time that dd(1) played a role was with the TK50 streaming tape drive that I blogged about yesterday.
Everyone tried to keep the TK50 streaming, but the VAX processors, disks and memories of the day could not keep up with the data streaming needs of the TK50. The buffer feeding data to the TK50 would empty and sooner or later the TK50 would stop, back up, and re-position itself. This would make backups take a very, very long time. It did not make any difference if you were using tar(1), dump(8) or any other program to write data...we just could not keep the tiny buffer full.
The engineers were discussing this one day and I happened to mention that we had a similar problem on a large IBM mainframe one time. We had fixed the problem on the IBM by creating a ring-buffer and using asynchronous I/O to fill the buffers as fast as possible and write them out as fast as possible. Of course asynchronous I/O was not as useful in a data-stream, but the engineers at Digital thought about it and made a version of dd(1) that had an option to allocate “n” buffers for data I/O. This was enough to allow dd(1) to buffer data and keep ahead of the streaming tape drives.
We encouraged the engineers to also add this functionality to tar(1), dump(8) and other utilities, but they (quite correctly) pointed out that these programs were maintained by other people, and to spread these changes to all these programs would cause huge amounts of work integrating the code into future versions of those commands.
Then the engineers came up with a unique idea. People could put the new dd(1) as a filter in a pipeline with tar(1) and dump(8). If dd(1) was the last filter on the line before the streaming device, it could do its buffering and keep the device streaming. This concept worked very well.
A couple of years later I was at a DECUS user group meeting and a developer of a backup utility program approached me. He told me that he had tried everything to get his TK50 to stream, but he could not get it to stream. I told him that I could get it to stream any time I wanted, and I told him the story about the buffers in dd(1). His eyes lit up, and a couple of days later I got an email from him that only said “its streaming, its streaming!”
It is a shame that Ultrix and Digital Unix were never “open source”. The current versions of dd(1) seem to be missing the buffering technology. Perhaps in the days of gigabyte memories and large I/O buffers this buffering technology is not needed as much, but it was interesting nevertheless.
Carpe Diem!
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
In PART I, we mentioned the case of web apps.
But I think some of you are creating Cordova apps with the Cordova toolkit or Monaca. So I'd like to explain how to make your Cordova app compatible with iPhone X.
PART II — Creating Native-like Apps with Cordova for iPhone X
In the case of Cordova app, supporting iPhone X means supporting iPhone X WebView.
So let's see what happens if we show Cordova apps in iPhone X WebView in the same way as PART I.
Set up a Cordova app
Let's create a Cordova app with Vue.
The versions of software which we'll use are shown below:
vue@2.5.2
onsenui@2.7.0 (Core package)
(Core package) vue-onsenui@2.3.0 (Additional package for Vue)
(Additional package for Vue) cordova@7.1.0
cordova-ios@4.5.3
Xcode 9.0
(1) For existing Cordova + Vue projects, it can be installed with NPM or Yarn:
# NPM
npm install onsenui vue-onsenui --save-dev
# Yarn
yarn add onsenui vue-onsenui -D
Some necessary files must be included in the app:
import 'onsenui/css/onsenui.css'; // Webpack CSS import
import 'onsenui/css/onsen-css-components.css'; // Webpack CSS import
import VueOnsen from 'vue-onsenui';
Vue.use(VueOnsen);
(2) Otherwise, new projects can be started right away via Vue CLI. It can optionally add Vuex and some other features:
vue init OnsenUI/vue-cordova-webpack # For Cordova apps
(3) After setting up Cordova, Vue and OnsenUI, let's create App.vue and NotesPage.vue with the following content as same as PART I and get the tab bar pattern implemented.
App.vue
NotesPage.vue
That's it.
How about Problem I?
In PART I, we explained Problem I — white blank areas are automatically inserted on the both side by iPhone X Safari.
So let's check if Problem I remain or not in iPhone X WebView.
cordova platform add ios
npm run build && cordova run ios --target="iPhone-X"
Tab bar pattern in iPhone X WebView (portrait mode)
Oh, in the case of Cordova apps, it seems that the blank areas appear even in portrait mode.
Then, what happens in landscape mode?
Tab bar pattern in iPhone X WebView (landscape mode)
Blank areas appeared on the left, right and bottom side in landscape mode.
It turned out that Problem I still happen in Cordova apps. But as same as PART I, this problem can be fixed by just setting viewport-fit to cover .
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, minimum-scale=1, maximum-scale=1, user-scalable=no, viewport-fit=cover">
After setting the value of viewport-fit to cover
Tip: Problem I is already fixed in WKWebView
iOS 11 has two WebViews: an old UIWebView (Cordova default, and not recommended by Apple) and a new WKWebView (recommended by Apple).
In UIWebView, because auto of the viewport-fit points to contain , we have to change it to cover . But in WKWebView, auto points to cover by default (confirmed by the author). It means that Problem I is already fixed in WKWebView and we no longer have to set viewport-fit=cover .
As WKWebView is a next-generation API, basically it works stably compared to UIWebView in several situations. If you are using Cordova, I recommend replacing UIWebView with WKWebView by using cordova-plugin-wkwebview-engine plugin. But please also keep in mind that WKWebView has some minor drawbacks.
Problem III
In the case of web apps, once Problem I is fixed, we can start working on Problem II — the notch, the rounded corners and the bottom bar can hide some part of the page contents.
But in the case of Cordova apps, even if Problem I is fixed we cannot work on Problem II right away, because there is another problem, Problem III.
Let's see what is happening in the whole screen after Problem I is solved.
Cordova app after Problem I is solved (portrait mode)
Cordova app after Problem I is solved (landscape mode)
There are black blank areas, in the top/bottom in portrait mode, and in the left/right and bottom in landscape mode. This is what I call Problem III.
Similar to Problem I, but the principle behind the problem is different. Problem III is caused by the specification of iPhone X that all apps which don't satisfy a particular condition are automatically shown in the safe area. The condition is explained as follows:
Enable full screen native resolution. Your app will run in Full Screen Display Mode on iPhone X if your project's base SDK is set to iOS 11 and you have a Launch Storyboard or iPhone X launch image.
I'd like to explain the quoted part more specifically. First of all, iOS has two methods to show splash screens: (1) an old method which simply shows an image (Cordova default, not recommended by Apple) and (2) a new method which shows an image with some stretching and trimming based on a mechanism called storyboard (recommended by Apple).
In the case of (1), if the Cordova app does not contain an image which size is same as the iPhone X screen resolution (1125 x 2436 px), the app will be shown in the safe area. Adding the image with 1125 x 2436 px size fixes this problem and the app will be shown in full screen.
In the case of (2), all Cordova apps will be shown in full screen.
But in order to use (2), we have to add cordova-plugin-splashscreen plugin into the Cordova app using the following command:
cordova plugin add cordova-plugin-splashscreen
And also the images which the splash screen consists of must be defined in <platform name="ios"> of config.xml :
<splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@2x~iphone~anyany.png" />
<splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@2x~iphone~comany.png" />
<splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@2x~iphone~comcom.png" />
<splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@3x~iphone~anyany.png" />
<splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@3x~iphone~anycom.png" />
<splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@3x~iphone~comany.png" />
<splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@2x~ipad~anyany.png" />
<splash src="res/screen/ios/Default@2x~ipad~comany.png" />
Of course the actual image files must be added. The size of each image should basically follow the document of cordova-plugin-splashscreen , and only for devices with Super Retina screen ( @3x ) which has 3x resolution, I recommend setting the image size to 2436 x 1242 px so that it covers the longest long side of iPhone X (2436px) and the longest short side of iPhone 8 Plus (1242px). Please note that in the case of (2), apps are always shown in full screen and the size of each image only affects the behavior of the splash screen and does not affect the size of the app.
Default@2x~iphone~anyany.png (= 1334x1334 = 667x667@2x )
Default@2x~iphone~comany.png (= 750 x1334 = 375x667@2x )
Default@2x~iphone~comcom.png (= 750x750 = 375x375@2x )
Default@3x~iphone~anyany.png (= 2436 x 2436 = 812x812@3x )
Default@3x~iphone~anycom.png (= 2436 x1242 = 812x414@3x )
Default@3x~iphone~comany.png (= 1242x2436 = 414x812@3x )
(Please save the images into res/screen/ios/)
Thomas Beatie, a trans-gendered man who was born a woman, caused a global double-take when he announced in March that he was pregnant. Beatie, who kept his (apparently well-functioning) female reproductive system while undergoing testosterone therapy and a chest reconstruction, was artificially inseminated using donor sperm. (A hysterectomy had left Beatie's wife, Nancy, unable to carry a child.) The result: a healthy baby girl, Susan Juliette, born in June. Beatie professed to be shocked at all the attention his pregnancy caused, despite having published an article about his condition, making an appearance on Oprah and writing a book about his experience. If he misses the limelight, however, there's more on the way: Beatie announced in November that he's pregnant with his second child.
Next Night of the Corpse Skull Bong
Nickel-plated 5p and 10p coins being phased into circulation could pose a health risk, skin experts say.
The Royal Mint designs of the new 5p and 10p coins (Picture: AP)
Old coin: 5p
The coins should be investigated by Royal Mint for the ‘potential cost of skin disease' caused by exposure to nickel, dermatologists said.
The coins are set to be introduced to replace the current cupro-nickel versions as a money-saving measure, which the Mint believes could save up to £10million each year as the cost of copper increases.
However, the decision has been slammed by councils and private businesses because of changes needed to vending machines and coin slots – because the new coins are slightly thicker.
10p coin
And now health fears have also been raised, as handling the coins could result in allergic reactions, according to researchers from St John's Institute of Dermatology in London and the Royal Hallamshire Hospital in Sheffield.
Advertisement
Advertisement
People with eczema could also see their condition exacerbated by the nickel-rich coinage.
‘Considerable evidence supports these concerns, which have not been assessed by the Treasury or Royal Mint,' the researchers said in an open letter to the British Medical Journal.
The new coins are made from steel and plated in nickel, while the older coins are 75 per cent copper, plated in nickel – which makes up roughly 25 per cent of the coin's weight.
Can Thick Women Sell More Cars?
Behold: a car advert, featuring an attractive woman
It's the oldest trick in the book – pairing a desirable babe with a thing you can buy. Classical conditioning at it's finest – and apparently, it's very effective at selling cars. Mainly to men, I think. But who actually decided that this particular woman was the right girl for the job? On what basis do car manufacturers decide that one girl, above all others, will sell the most cars, or promote the brand better than any other?
Every Body is Different
Take a look at the following pictures. I understand that we're not talking super-model sexy here, but think about how attractive you find each of them. If you had to choose, which would you say has the “ideal” body?
Swami and Tovee (2012) showed these pictures, which form the basis of the Photographic Figure Rating Scale (Swami, Salem, Furnham & Tovee, 2008) to two groups of males. One group was put through a 20 minute task called the Trier Social Stress Test (TSST), which is designed to evoke a stress response, before being asked to evaluate and rate each picture for physical attractiveness; which woman they thought had the “ideal” body; and which were the largest and thinnest figures they found physically attractive. The control group simply had to wait in silence for 20 minutes, at which point they too evaluated the figures on the same dimensions.
The researchers found that participants who were exposed to stress rated figure 5 as the “ideal” body, whereas non-stressed individuals rated figure 4 as the “ideal”. Furthermore, stressed participants rated figures 5, 6, 7 and 8 all higher than non-stressed participants did. The researchers explain this preference in light of the environmental security hypothesis, which suggests that during stressful times humans develop a preference for those with mature physical characteristics.
So what does this have to do with Consumer Psychology?
Picture your typical hard-working city-living young professional. He makes a fair bit of money, but it doesn't come easy. He works long hours and is under a lot of pressure, and stress is an occurrence.
Outside of office hours he wants to enjoy his time. He wants a good car, nice clothes, maybe an expensive watch, and premium holidays to make the most of the breaks he gets. He has money, and he doesn't mind spending a bit extra to get exactly what he wants. He would be a great person to try and sell luxury goods to.
Here are the types of adverts that I would say target this demographic:
Maybe, rather than going down this well trodden path, a company targeting this particular demographic of men might consider using a woman with a curvier, more mature body… in short… a “thick” girl.
In terms of celebrities which might embody this idea, an example would be Monica Bellucci – curvy body, eternally youthful (she's past her forties in this picture), and I would say, not the typical type of woman you might see in your average luxury car advert
Such campaigns could potentially be focussed in inner cities, where the number of people who fall into that demographic would be highest. It would be a bold move, but it could potentially be pretty memorable. Furthermore, the scientific evidence suggests it would appeal to a certain demographic of people who these products are geared towards.
Future research in aid of further segmentation
While this study only tested White British participants, future research could test participants in other countries to evaluate the extent to which stress impacts on sexual preferences in other emerging markets such as China, Japan, Brazil and Russia. This would help companies use the most effective models in their advertising of luxury goods in these countries.
This study also only examined male sexual preferences. Investigating whether females under stress prefer males with more mature features would also be a worthwhile research question. If this does prove to be the case, then this would provide a basis for effective marketing to female workers in similar high stress jobs.
The shape of things to come
This is just one example of how I think Psychological Research should be being used to inform the marketing of products and brands. Over the coming weeks I aim to explore this theme further, and hope to find other innovative ways in which scientific research can inform more effective marketing strategies.
Advertisements
Alexis Bonari
Activist Post
September 11th is hardly the first “day of infamy” to undergo public scrutiny and accusations of government conspiracy. President Franklin D. Roosevelt coined the phrase on December 7th after the Japanese “surprise” attack on Pearl Harbor in 1941. The attack, according to author and WWII Navy veteran, Robert B. Stinnett, however, had been no surprise at all for Roosevelt.
It was only at the author's insistent calls on the Freedom of Information Act that the U.S. Navy at last released formerly hidden evidence that led Stinnett to conclude: FDR knew and had the power to avert disaster on December 7th.
Interview with Stinnett
The government's claims that Japan's codes had yet to be broken in the months leading up to Pearl Harbor have been met with questions and skepticism since 1945's September issue of Life magazine. Stinnett himself, in an interview featured on The Independent Institute's website, says that he believed the article to be an anti-Roosevelt tract at the time. After reading At Dawn We Slept by Professor Prange in 1982, however, and learning about the US Navy monitoring station at Pearl Harbor, he changed his mind. This was the beginning of Day of Deceit.
Day of Deceit
The likes of Gore Vidal and John Toland, Pulitzer Prize-winner and author of Infamy , have praised Stinnett's heavily researched book, Day of Deceit . In it, he writes at length about the Roosevelt administration's plan to provoke Japan in an “overt act of war,” a plan that he adopted in October 7, 1940.
Because the American public still ached from the appalling death toll of the First World War (and because FDR had already promised his people, “Your boys are not going to be sent into ay foreign wars”), FDR focused most of his energy on coming up with a reason for the nation to change its mind. In November 1941, all US military commanders received the order: “The United States desires that Japan commit the first overt act.” That would explain why, according to Lynne Olson's research published in Citizens of London, Churchill and Governor John G. Winant practically danced at the news in December that America would be joining the European campaign, forgetting that over 2,000 Americans were already dead.
Cracking the Code
According to Stinnett's research, the US Navy had in fact cracked Japanese naval codes and even intercepted eighty-three messages from Admiral Yamamoto to his warships. A message from November 25 read:
…the task force, keeping its movements strictly secret and maintaining close guard against submarines and aircraft, shall advance into Hawaiian waters, and upon the very opening of hostilities shall attack the main force of the United States fleet in Hawaii and deal it a mortal blow.
Survival Solar Battery Charger - Free Today! Even Thomas Dewey, Roosevelt's competitor in the 1944 presidential elections, had heard whispers of FDR's role in arranging the massacre. Although Dewey planned speeches to charge FDR with foreknowledge of the attack, General George Marshall (Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff) convinced Dewey that he would risk American security in doing so, since Japan's navy had yet to realize their codes had been cracked. Dewey kept his silence, and nearly everyone else has since, too—until Stinnett. Day of Deceit has received much criticism (predictably) from conventional historians and readers as well as notable acclaim from revisionists. Still others disapprove of Stinnett's ubiquitous tone that suggests throughout the book that FDR had no choice but to arrange for the deaths of over 2,000 Americans at Pearl Harbor. Stinnet most notably fails to mention FDR's refusal to meet Prime Minister Konoye for peace talks in late 1941. Stinnett seems to have broken ground, but it is still only the surface. Alexis Bonari is a freelance writer and researcher for College Scholarships, where recently she's been researching nurse anesthetist scholarships as well as nursing midwives scholarships. In her spare time, she enjoys square-foot gardening, swimming, and avoiding her laptop.
Character Actor/Muppet performer Description
Abby Cadabby[13] Leslie Carrara-Rudolph[14] A 4-year-old fairy-in-training with tiny wings, a magic wand and sparkles in her hair. She was created to increase the number of the female Sesame Street Muppets. Daughter of the fairy godmother (who is spoken about but never seen), she "has her own point of view and is comfortable with the fact that she likes wearing a dress".[15]
Alice Snuffleupagus Judy Sladky[16] Baby sister of Aloysius Snuffleupagus ("Snuffy"). She has "luxurious, pale-golden fur", long eyelashes and a blue-checkered hair ribbon and was introduced to model sibling rivalry. She was one of the first Muppets controlled by remote control.[17]
Alistair Cookie Frank Oz[18] Played by Cookie Monster, he is a parody of British broadcaster Alistair Cooke[19] and appears in the "Monsterpiece Theater" sketch (a parody of Masterpiece Theater). At first, he used a pipe that he would eat in each segment. The pipe was eventually removed because according to executive producer Carol-Lynn Parente, it "modeled the wrong behavior".[20]
(The) Amazing Mumford Jerry Nelson[21] A "W.C. Fields-esque" magician whose magic tricks often go awry. His catchphrase, used to produce his tricks, is "À la peanut butter sandwiches".[21]
Anything Muppets Various[22] Writer Christopher Finch called Anything Muppets "unadorned puppet torsos and heads"[22] used for a single role or purpose. This ever-expanding troupe of Muppets comes in all shapes, sizes and appearances. The Anything Muppets portray humans, specific animals and occasional aliens.[23]
AM Monsters Various[24] Short for "Anything Muppet Monsters," the AM Monsters are customizable Muppet Monsters like the Anything Muppets and the Whatnots from The Muppet Show. Like the Anything Muppets, the AM Muppets come in all shapes, sizes and appearances. According to writer Louise Gikow, Elmo started out as an AM Monster.[24]
Aristotle Richard Hunt[25] A blind monster created to increase inclusiveness of people and puppets with disabilities on the show. He was designed by Michael K. Frith and built by Ed Christie.[26]
Baby Bear David Rudman[21] "The character from that Goldilocks story, in Muppet form." Rudman uses a "babyish lisp" when he voices Baby Bear.[21]
Benny Rabbit Kevin Clash[33] The "irascible" rabbit who worked as a bellhop at the Furry Arms Hotel (which was part of the Around-the-Corner set expansion of the 1990s).[33]
Bert Frank Oz (1969–2006),[34] Eric Jacobson (1997–present)[35] Ernie's best friend, he collects paper clips and bottle caps, is fond of oatmeal and is fascinated by pigeons. His sketches were made by Henson and he was built by Don Sahlin.[36]
Biff Jerry Nelson[38] One-half of the Muppet construction worker duo, Biff is an "Archie Bunker-style blue-collar loudmouth". He and his partner Sully made for a "classic comedy team". Whenever they encountered a problem, Biff would ask for Sully's opinion, but interrupt him before Sully could answer; however, it was Sully who inevitably came up with the solution.[39]
Big Bird Caroll Spinney (1969–2018),[40] Matt Vogel (1997–present)[41] A large eight-foot yellow bird who was developed during the 1968 curriculum seminars. Designed by Henson and built by Kermit Love and Don Sahlin, Big Bird stands at eight feet two inches, and has a slightly quirky and naive outlook on the world. Residing in a large nest alongside the "123 Sesame Street" building, he was the first Muppet to appear on the show and is intended to represent a six-year-old child who questions everything.[42][43]
Big Jeffy Jeff Moss (voice), Jerry Nelson, Jim Henson, Kevin Clash Bearded Muppet who sings bass with Little Jerry and the Monotones and also with Little Chrissy and the Alphabeats.[44]
Bruno the Trashman Caroll Spinney[16] A trashman who sometimes carries Oscar's can around the Street. Designed by Spinney as a way to allow Oscar to move around and talk at the same time, Bruno does not talk often himself.[16][46]
Buster the Horse Martin P. Robinson[16] Forgetful Jones' horse, who often helps Forgetful get out of difficulties and remember things. Buster can also sing, drive a jeep, brush his teeth and play the piano.[16][47]
Captain Breakfast Brian Muehl[33] He was a superhero who fought for the most important meal of the day. His insignia was a bowl of cereal.[48]
Colambo Joey Mazzarino[16] A lamb detective who is inspired by Columbo.[16] He is "a shrewd sheep investigator who often solves cases of things gone missing" and a fairy tale expert.[50]
Cookie Monster Frank Oz (1969–2004),[51] David Rudman (2001–present)[52] According to Sesame Street Unpaved, "At first glance, Cookie Monster appears to be a monster with a one-track mind. He is deeply, emotionally, physically and spiritually attached to cookies".[53]
Curly Bear Stephanie D'Abruzzo[57][58] Baby Bear's little sister. Created to address the issue of sibling rivalry, Curly calls her brother "Bebo", has a very loud growl and unlike the rest of her family, does not like porridge.[57][59]
Deena Karen Prell[60] Young, energetic pink monster with red hair and wild rolling eyes. Described as "hyper-active", Prell reported that her performance was deemed "over-the-top", so the character did not last long.[60]
Dingers Various Like the Honkers, the Dingers communicate only with dings.[61]
Don Music Richard Hunt[39] A piano-playing composer who required assistance from Kermit the Frog to complete the lyrics to his songs. Whenever he gets frustrated, he would say his catchphrase, "Oh, I'll never get it right! Never, never, never!" and bang his head on the keyboard. He had a bust of Ludwig van Beethoven on his piano and, as an inside joke, a framed photo of Joe Raposo hanging on the wall.[39]
Dr. Nobel Price Brian Muehl (1979–1984), Kevin Clash (1984–1988)[61] Price's inventions consist solely of things that were either useless (like a flying cupcake) or had already been invented. Author Louise Gikow called Price a "misguided inventor" and the "bane of reporter Kermit's existence."[61]
Elizabeth Stephanie D'Abruzzo[57] One of D'Abruzzo's favorite experiments, Elizabeth was a pig-tailed Muppet with a Brooklyn accent who loves the number 732 and her cat Little Murray Sparkles. D'Abruzzo said about her: "She was unlike your typical little girl characters".[57]
Ernestine David Rudman Ernie's baby cousin. Her laugh sounds like Ernie's laugh.[67]
Farley Jerry Nelson A green Muppet boy with short orange spiked hair and a yellow sweater.[73]
Ferlinghetti Donizetti Richard Hunt (1980–1984), Kevin Clash (1984–1986) A blue poet and rapper who is named after poet Lawrence Ferlinghetti.
Flo Bear David Rudman[74] Bear writer whose name is a riff on French novelist Gustave Flaubert.
Fluffy the Elephant Martin P. Robinson Oscar the Grouch's pet elephant who sticks her trunk out of Oscar's trash can from time to time.[75]
Fred the Wonder Horse Jerry Nelson[77] A horse ridden by Grover and his "trusty companion". His "horse sense" is always better than Grover's and he "usually saves the day".[77]
Gladys the Cow Richard Hunt (1973–1992), Jennifer Barnhart (2003–present)[78] With her "piercing operatic voice", she is "a theatrical ham (even though she's a cow)".[77]
Googel Stephanie D'Abruzzo A purple monster who is a member of the Monster Clubhouse.[79]
Granny Bird Caroll Spinney Big Bird's grandmother, who watched over him when he was a little bird and who still likes to feed him. She has grey feathers on her forehead.[80]
Granny Fanny Nestlerode Caroll Spinney, Jim Henson (in the segment, "Here Is Your Life: Oak Tree") An old lady Muppet who mostly appeared in Season 2 and Season 3.[81]
Grover Frank Oz (1970–2012), Eric Jacobson (1998—present)[82][83] Finch calls Grover "an infinitely optimistic soul".[84] Finch goes on to state that although Grover has a facility for self-deception, he is also honest and wise.[84]
Gulliver Joey Mazzarino A seagull who is Big Bird's penpal.[87]
Harvey Kneeslapper Frank Oz,[77] Matt Vogel (Episode 4209) A blonde and wild-eyed Muppet who likes telling jokes and playing pranks on others. These often involve puns, letters and numbers and sometimes backfired on him.[90]
Herbert Birdsfoot Jerry Nelson A bespectacled Muppet. He is a lecturer who often appeared with Grover.[91]
Honkers Various Like the Dingers, they communicate only through honks.[61]
Humphrey David Rudman He and his wife Ingrid, who together are Natasha's parents, are the hotel managers of the Furry Arms Hotel which was part of the Around-the-Corner set from 1993 to 1998.[33]
Ingrid Joey Mazzarino Natasha's mother. She and her husband Humphrey are the hotel managers of the Furry Arms Hotel.[33]
Jamie Fox Joey Mazzarino A fox who, along with Elmo and actor Jamie Foxx, tries to figure out who is the real "Jamie Fox". They end up singing the alphabet together.[97]
Julia Stacey Gordon A four-year-old female Muppet character with autism, first announced in 2015. She debuted on the show on April 10, 2017.[98]
Kingston Livingston III Kevin Clash[21] A young African-American boy who is smart, cool and prefers to do his own thing.[21] He is "one cool kid" who is different by just being himself.[99]
Little Bird Jim Henson (1969), Fran Brill[21] A wise, soft-spoken little bird who is good at explaining concepts for his friend Big Bird.[102]
Little Chrissy Jim Henson (puppeteer), Christopher Cerf (voice)[103] The lead singer of "Little Chrissy and the Alphabeats", he was one of the earliest Muppets based upon an actual person (Cerf).[103]
Little Jerry Jerry Nelson A green Muppet who is the lead singer of the rock group "Little Jerry and the Monotones". Many of their songs were written by Jeff Moss.[103]
Liz Lemon Stephanie D'Abruzzo A lemon who is a parody of Tina Fey's 30 Rock character of the same name.[104]
Mae Fran Brill (2006–2015) Elmo's mother and Louie's wife.
Mel Kevin Clash[79] A gibberish-speaking blue monster with a mop of hair and yellow horns who is a member of the Monster Clubhouse.[79]
Meryl Sheep Camille Bonora[109] A sheep with a vaguely European accent who has brunette or sometimes blonde hair. She is a parody of Meryl Streep.
Mr. Johnson Jerry Nelson (1971–2012),[110] Matt Vogel (2016–present) Also called "Fat Blue", Mr. Johnson usually appears with Grover in restaurant skits as his harried customer (usually at Charlie's Restaurant). Grover made up this rhyme about him: "In a hurry to be fed, beady eyes and big, blue head!"[110][111]
Murray Monster Joey Mazzarino[112] The host of the "Word on the Street" segment, Murray is a boisterous, red-orange Muppet.[112]
Narf Joey Mazzarino[79] An orange monster with a blue nose and googly eyes who are a member of the Monster Clubhouse.[79]
Natasha Kevin Clash[21] An infant monster who uses only baby-talk to communicate. Natasha's parents are Humphrey and Ingrid and her alter-ego is Super Baby.[21][113]
Oscar the Grouch Caroll Spinney (1969-2018),[40] Eric Jacobson (2015–present) One of the first Muppets created for Sesame Street and a "surprising success", Oscar gives kids "permission to feel grouchy—and to demonstrate differing opinions", as well as serving as a model for lessons in how to adapt to different personalities.[114] Spinney based his voice on a New York City cab driver that he encountered.[40]
Ovejita Carmen Osbahr[115] (2008) A little lamb, Ovejita accompanies Murray to various schools in the segment "Murray Had a Little Lamb."[115]
Phoebe Alice Dinnean (2001–2002), John Tartaglia (2002) A green monster who is a member of the Monster Clubhouse.[79]
Placido Flamingo Richard Hunt An operatic flamingo with a clear tenor voice who sings at the Nestropolitan Opera. He is based on the famous tenor Plácido Domingo.[117]
Prince Charming Frank Oz[38] A Muppet who resembles "Guy Smiley in prince's clothing," he is the "self-involved" prince who appears in Muppet fairy tales.[38]
Professor Hastings Frank Oz[120] A professor whose lectures were so dull that he would fall asleep himself while giving them. According to Borgenicht, he was eventually cut from the Muppet cast because "he was, well, too dull."[120]
Roosevelt Franklin Matt Robinson (voice)[120] An African-American Muppet who attended Roosevelt Franklin Elementary School, played headball at Roosevelt Franklin Stadium and was so popular, he recorded his own album. He was dropped from the show because "he was thought by some to be a negative cultural stereotype".[120]
Roosevelt Franklin's Mother Loretta Long (voice)[120] The mother of Roosevelt Franklin.[120]
Rosita Carmen Osbahr[21] The first bilingual Muppet on Sesame Street and originally conceived as a fruit bat, Rosita speaks both English and Spanish. She is a "good-natured, intelligent turquoise blue Muppet".[21]
Ruby Camille Bonora[121] A pony-tailed monster.[121]
Rudy Frankie Cordero[121] Abby's step-brother who first appears in season 47.
SAM the Robot Jerry Nelson,[120] Caroll Spinney (occasionally) A robot who is supposedly perfect, SAM is prone to silly mistakes. His name is an acronym for "Super Automated Machine".[122]
Segi[123] Chantylla Johnson (voice), Kevin Clash (puppeteer; 2010–2011) Inspired by head writer Joey Mazzarino's adopted daughter, this Muppet is an African-American little girl who sings proudly about her hair, "helping little girls—and their moms—to accept themselves just the way they are by loving their hair".[124]
Sherlock Hemlock Jerry Nelson[16] A parody based on Basil Rathbone's movie portrayal of Sherlock Holmes, Hemlock solves mysteries by "concentrating on the little clues and overlooking the big ones" that his dog Watson tends to find.[16]
Sherry Netherland Julianne Buescher (1993–1995), Alice Dinnean (1995–1998)[38] The "Leona Helmsley of the Furry Arms Hotel". She rules with "an iron fist, a heart of gold, and a brain of oatmeal".[38]
Simon Soundman Jerry Nelson[81] A blue Muppet who uses sounds to communicate.[81]
Sonny Friendly Richard Hunt (1986–1992), David Rudman (1992–2000)[38] "America's Friendliest Game Show Host",[38] his catchphrase is "Are we having a nice day or what?"[129]
Stinky the Stinkweed Joey Mazzarino[130] A talking stinkweed plant.[130]
Sully Richard Hunt (1973–1992), David Rudman (1992–1999)[39] A construction worker and Biff's silent counterpart, he nevertheless served as the real brains of the duo. He is considered one of Hunt's most "understated and complex" characters.[39]
Wolfgang Kevin Clash An intelligent, musical brown seal that does not speak, although he honks horns with his nose.[135]
Five years ago, it would take a lot of effort just to find a single scientific journal devoted to stem cells. Now, the authors of a survey of the field found 34 of them without even trying that hard; meanwhile, major results can find a home in less-specialized journals like Development, Nature, and Science. The authors consider two possible outcomes of this proliferation of journals, both of them potentially disturbing for the scientific community: either the new journals pay host to a lot of low-quality papers, or abuse of peer review is driving otherwise good work into obscure outlets.
To a certain extent, a growth in stem-cell-focused journals is no surprise. The field produced a number of well-publicized results that made stem cells easier to work with, and their potential for use for medical therapies has excited both the public and biomedical community. Both of these things have contributed to a huge growth in the number of people studying stem cells, and a corresponding need for them to have a place to publish their results.
But as the authors, Paul Sanberg and Cesar Borlongan, note, many stem cell papers continue to appear in journals that predate recent discoveries, and the addition of 32 specialized journals since 2004 would seem to provide an outlet that outstrips the growth of the field. There's a real risk that some of these journals will publish lower-quality papers, or even end up as a dumping ground for data that can't be published elsewhere. "So many journals have 'stem cell' in their titles," the authors note, "that it may be difficult for the public, governments, and scientists outside the field to determine the quality of what they are reading, and the caliber of stem cell science and medicine." They also suggest that there might be nefarious aspects to some publications, which could be used to promote stem cell tourism for sham treatments.
(Ironically, that list would include Stem Cell Reviews and Reports, which published this critique; I was unaware of the journal's existence prior to today.)
Right now, it's difficult to tell whether quality is a problem—the standard (although somewhat flawed) measure of a journal's quality is its impact factor, and that requires a three-year publication history. Many of the new journals haven't gotten there yet.
Refuse or refuge?
But Sanberg and Borlongan also consider another possibility: overly aggressive peer review could be forcing papers out of mainstream journals, turning these lower-profile, specialized outlets into the only place that will publish some high-quality work. As evidence, they cite a BBC report in which a group of biologists accused journals of relying on a limited set of reviewers that would only accept papers that supported their views, or to delay competing publications for long enough that the reviewers can publish their own work
Stem cells aren't the only field where this sort of complaint has been voiced, but most other fields have a set of established journals that are lower profile, but don't rely on the same reviewers. If the work is of reasonable quality, researchers can publish in these journals if their studies are bounced from the high-profile ones.
Until recently, stem cell researchers didn't have that luxury. It's only the addition of dozens of new outlets over the last few years that assures researchers that their work will eventually find a home unless it's seriously flawed, even if that home isn't in one of the high-profile journals.
So are these new journals dung heaps of low-quality work, or a host of solid research that just doesn't make it into the high-profile journals? The authors can't really tell, and (correctly) suggest that the work can only be analyzed on a case-by-case basis by someone with relevant expertise. Which really isn't much use to the public or policymakers that want to follow the field.
Prospects for reform
Over the longer term, the balance between the number of journals and quality of publications has tended to work itself out in a Darwinian manner; journals that consistently published low-quality work attracted fewer subscribers, lost money, and shut down. But that process may have been undercut by the rapid rise of open access, online-only publications, something that Sanberg and Borlongan suggest may have been essential to the fast expansion of stem cell journals.
The costs of starting and maintaining an online-only publication appear to be significantly lower than that of traditional print journals. It's apparently so easy that one online publisher, BioMed Central, actually has a webpage that promotes the use of its services to anyone who's considering founding a new, open-access journal. BioMed Central is now owned by Springer, which is also launching its own set of open access journals. Even established journals such as PNAS have adopted an open access model for some publications and, this week, announced that it would be experimenting with online-only publications.
So the proliferation of journals is likely to become more pronounced. Which, as discussed above, is not necessarily a bad thing; it allows the publishing field to rapidly adapt to the changing scientific landscape as entire fields, such as stem cell research, take off.
The same proliferation that is causing some problems, however, may provide a solution to the quality issue. A recent article in The Scientist has examined how a number of journals are experimenting with ways to alter peer review to get rid of some of the problems that may keep quality papers out of high-profile journals. It details a few cases where some journals (including some online-only ones) are eliminating the anonymity of the reviewers, publishing the reviews with the papers, and speeding up the review process.
So far, these efforts are few and far between. But it's possible that, if they successfully eliminate some of the problems that make peer review less about quality and more about the personal interests of reviewers, then they'll be adopted more widely. Or quality papers will simply gravitate towards the journals that adopt them, which might return us to the days where a Darwinian competition among journals prevailed.
Stem Cell Reviews and Reports, 2010. DOI: 10.1007/s12015-010-9181-y (About DOIs).
Ryanair is planning to run flights where passengers stand during the journey at a cost of just €5 per ticket.
Ryanair is planning to run flights where passengers stand during the journey at a cost of just €5 per ticket.
Michael O'Leary, the airline's chief executive, set out proposals that also include charging customers to use the loo.
A standing area with "vertical seats" will be introduced at the back of its fleet of 250 planes.
He said that charging customers €1 to make use of facilities would encourage travellers on one hour flights to use lavatories at the airport instead of on the aircraft.
The Irishman said he intended to introduce coin-operated loos and added: "The other change we've been looking at is taking out the last 10 rows of seats so we will have 15 rows of seats and the equivalent of 10 rows of standing area."
A Ryanair spokesman said that Boeing had been consulted over refitting the fleet with "vertical seats" which would allow passengers to be strapped in while standing up, which would cost between €5 and €10 per person.
Safety testing will be carried out next year.
However, a spokesman for the Civil Aviation Authority said the plans would struggle to meet safety requirements.
He said: "It's aviation law that people have to have a seat-belt on from take-off and landing so they would have to be in a seat. I don't know how Mr O'Leary would get around that one. During turbulence passengers also have to have a seat-belt on."
Mr O'Leary was interviewed for ITV's How to Beat the Budget Airlines which airs on Thursday night at 7.30pm.
Telegraph.co.uk
Wollaston Beach, Quincy
August 1916: Crowds enjoyed Wollaston Beach. Both the Squantum and Wollaston Yacht Clubs can be seen in the background. The Squantum Yacht club was founded in 1890 and the Wollaston Yacht Club in 1897. This photograph was submitted by Mrs. M.L. MacDougal of Rockland.
Aug. 10, 1934: Parking, food shops, and ice cream stands were all close by at Wollaston Beach.
Aug. 10, 1934: At Wollaston Beach the whole wide curve of Quincy Bay was a parking shelf facing the beach. A 6-inch curb put the parkers over a bump, but otherwise motorists who just wanted a beach view could stop and enjoy.
July 7, 1958: The first phase of a $2.3 million facelift of Wollaston Beach was the extension of the beach from the foot of Fenno street to Billings Road and an extension 100 feet out from the seawall. Ten feet of fill was dumped on the beach. A top filling of the finest beach sand was put down and then spread over the area.
June 29, 1967: No swimming for this man as he cast off at the end of Wollaston Beach looking to catch a big one.
June 27, 1969: More than 500,000 bathers annually enjoyed time at Wollaston Beach, according to the Quincy Recreation Commission.
Sept. 22, 1970: Bridgewater State College seniors Mary Naylor (left) and Peggy Ryan of Quincy rode their bikes to Wollaston Beach and then ran for the water.
Aug. 18, 1971: Nighttime at Wollaston Beach was a reason to visit nightclubs like the Beachcomber or just hang out with friends.
June 25, 1974: John Kineavy, 13, (left) and Michael Collins, 14, both of North Quincy, examined a shattered boat washed ashore on Wollaston Beach during a summer storm. Several small craft were damaged in various coastal communities by the storm which raked the area with wind gusts up to 35 miles per hour.
Aug. 21, 1974: On this day, the weather was a perfect 80 degrees. With summer almost over, many people decided to take a trip to the beach. It was even crowded on a workday Wednesday.
July 18, 1977: During the 40th annual Quincy Bay Race week, these boys had a lot of fun jumping off the cement blocks at Wollaston Beach, which drew 100,000 visitors as temperatures climbed into the 90s.
July 27, 1968: These women found the perfect spot for their beach chairs.
Aug. 7, 1978: Four men hauled a pram across the mudflats at low tide at Wollaston Beach in Quincy.
ADVERTISING Read more
Cox's Bazar (Bangladesh) (AFP)
Bangladesh has detained and forcibly returned 90 Rohingya migrants to Myanmar, police said Sunday, just hours after Myanmarese troops on the other side of the border had opened fire on people fleeing the country.
Police intercepted a group of 70 Rohingya late Saturday after they crossed the "zero line" border zone, where Myanmar soldiers earlier fired mortars and machine guns at villagers making the dangerous dash from the northern state of Rakhine into Bangladesh.
The villagers were caught roughly four kilometres inside Bangladeshi territory en route to a refugee camp in Kutupalong, where thousands of Rohingya already live in squalid conditions, said local police chief Abul Khaer.
"All 70 were detained and later pushed back to Myanmar by the border guards," Khaer told AFP.
Police said some of those detained had entered Bangladesh via the Ghumdhum border area -- where the Myanmar forces unleashed the barrage of fire just hours earlier.
"They were pleading with us not to send them back to Myanmar," said one policeman on condition of anonymity.
Another 20 Rohingya were caught Sunday and sent back after crossing the Naf river, a natural border between Myanmar and Bangladesh, according to Ariful Islam, a commander with Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB).
Another border officer, Manzurul Hassan Khan, said Sunday that fresh gunfire could be heard in villages across the border in Rakhine, a hotbed of religious hatred focused on the stateless Rohingya Muslim minority.
More than 100 people have died since Friday as scores of men purportedly from the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army (ARSA) ambushed Myanmar police posts with knives, guns and homemade explosives, killing at least a dozen security force members.
Thousands of Rohingya have fled towards Bangladesh, but authorities there have refused to let most of them in, with an untold number of people -- mainly women and children -- stranded along the border zone.
The impoverished country already hosts some 400,000 Rohingya refugees.
Officials in Cox's Bazar, the district bordering Myanmar that is home to several large refugee camps, have been instructed not to allow any "illegal entry" by Rohingya, Abdur Rahman, a senior government official, told AFP.
But Rohingya community leaders, local media and an AFP correspondent said despite heavy border patrols, at least 3,000 Rohingya refugees have managed to enter the country and found refuge in camps and villages since Friday.
- 'Merciless' violence -
At least 100 mainly women and children arrived Sunday at a makeshift camp in Balukhali, according to an AFP correspondent at the scene, many bringing tales of horror from over the border.
"They fired so close that I cannot hear anything now," 70-year-old Mohammad Zafar said of armed Buddhists who shot dead his two sons in a field.
"They came with rods and sticks to drive us to the border yelling, 'Bengali bastards'", Zafar told AFP.
Rahima Khatun said she spent the night hiding in the hills after Buddhists in her village torched Rohingya homes and set upon men with machetes and clubs.
"We grew up with them. I can?t figure out how they could be so merciless," she told AFP.
Others reported being sent across the border by their husbands and brothers, who stayed back to fight the army and Buddhist militias.
Despite years of persecution, the Rohingya largely eschewed violence.
But in October ARSA attacked a string of Myanmar border posts, sparking a military crackdown that left scores dead and forced 87,000 people to flee to Bangladesh.
Northern Rakhine has been stalked by violence since then, with civilians trapped between security forces and the militants -- who are accused of conducting a shadowy assassination campaign against perceived collaborators with the state.
In Rakhine itself six members of a Hindu family have become the latest victims of the violence. Their bullet-riddled bodies -- including three children and a woman -- were discovered on Sunday and brought to a hospital in Maungdaw, the main town in northern Rakhine.
The victims had allegedly been shot dead by Rohingya militants on Saturday evening as they tried to flee to Maungdaw, a relative who lived in the town told AFP.
"We were still in contact with them yesterday by phone before they were killed. Now their dead bodies are in this hospital," the distraught man said.
The office of Myanmar's civilian leader Aung San Suu Kyi posted pictures of some of the victims on its Facebook account, saying two women and four children survived the ambush and alerted authorities.
Myanmar's Rohingya are the world's largest stateless minority and endure severe restrictions on their movements.
Reviled and spurned as illegal immigrants in Buddhist-majority Myanmar, they live in fear of police and troops.
"They arrest and beat whoever they see along the way," a man, who gave his first name as Anawar, told AFP Sunday morning by phone.
"Not everyone is terrorist," he added. "We want a peaceful and calm society."
bur/jta/sj-sa/np/eb
© 2017 AFP
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
They spoke for hours, with Laser Tag recanting the horror stories of working in the depressing yet lucrative field of entertaining human boys who never seem to stop going through puberty. They were obnoxious thrill-seekers who didn't know what war was -- but did they ever dream of it. That, Laser Tag said, is what kept him going since the military turned him civilian. It wasn't war, it was the next best thing -- war with a pizza-and-soda break in the middle.
Following his friend's advice, Preddy turned to paintball for solace. There, he was able to be what he was for first time since his return home, taking on the role of an aerial weapon of clothing destruction as he was outfitted with his new machines of war: paint pellets that looked like alien turds. He unloaded round after round of stinging paint globs onto the bodies of people who found sport in shooting one another. The battles were fake, and the combatants would return to their friendships by round's end, but Preddy felt the violence rise within him at the start of every match. It excited him. It felt good, like it had never left. He still had it.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
And then he shot a kid in the face.
At the time it seemed like a good idea to attach a recreational weapon to a remote-operated flying machine and let it bust some shit in a game-like setting -- but hurt someone? No one saw that coming.
For Preddy, the experience was scarring. All the innocent deaths Preddy tried to forget for so long couldn't be ignored anymore. How many children were there? How many children lost their lives because of him?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The kid he shot lost some blood; Preddy lost a job.
He couldn't understand. Happiness, even the simple idea of comfort, eluded him. He'd developed a new standard of living when he was away; civilian life no longer met that standard. To fly with a purpose once again, Preddy would have to go underground.
He heard of a potential position within a company that, like Preddy, fought for freedom. This freedom was not rooted in patriotism or liberty, but in Game of Thrones episodes and extensively cataloged musician discographies that no one in their right mind had the time for. Preddy found a job within the seedy world of bit torrenting after the infamous file sharing site The Pirate Bay announced a plan to take their servers to the skies many miles above Sweden on the backs of drones like Preddy, where any attempt to destroy them would be viewed, in the eyes of the resilient torrent site, as an act of war.
NAHR AL-BARED CAMP, Lebanon — A few streets away from Mohammad al-Hajj Hussein's home, a piece of graffiti scrawls across a wall. It reads, “Typical neighborhood.”
Compared to residential neighborhoods in Lebanon and elsewhere in the Arab world, the statement rings true. There are broad concrete streets punctuated by corner shops and modern, pastel-colored apartment blocks of multi-bedroom homes and breezy courtyards. Nahr al-Bared, however, is not a typical neighborhood but a Palestinian refugee camp, places usually known in Lebanon for their overcrowded, ramshackle squalor. It is also untypical because it preserves social structures that can be traced back to villages uprooted in Palestine in 1948.
The place that Hajj Hussein's family now calls home and is resettling into was destroyed by the Lebanese army 10 years ago. In 2007, the Lebanese army fought a ferocious battle in Nahr al-Bared against the jihadist group Fatah al-Islam, expunging the militants from the camp and displacing 27,000 Palestinians in the process. The conflict turned 95% of the camp into a wasteland.
Instead of throwing up new homes as quickly as possible, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency (UNRWA) decided to rebuild Nahr al-Bared while adhering as closely as possible to the original layout.
“Everybody returning back to his house is happy,” Hajj Hussein, a civil engineer, told Al-Monitor, proudly sitting in the newly built apartment he received the keys to in July. Elsewhere on the block, his neighbors from 10 years ago were also getting used to their new yet old surroundings.
“We are not just trying to reconstruct a Palestinian refugee camp, but we are also trying to preserve the network of social neighborhoods and social networks that were there before the war,” said John Whyte, who manages Nahr al-Bared's reconstruction.
When refugees fled Palestine in 1948, families and former neighbors naturally gravitated together, re-creating the social and geographic networks of the villages from which they had been expelled. Communities from 18 villages in the Galilee alone can be found in Nahr al-Bared.
“It's entirely natural that they would cluster together, because that's what's familiar to them,” Whyte told Al-Monitor. “You look at the Rohingya on the TV now, and it must have been like that for the Palestinians all those years ago.”
To preserve these networks, each of the 5,000 or so families that lost their homes in the 2007 conflict was interviewed about where their homes and businesses had been, and the proximity of friends and family who had lived side by side for generations. As important as the re-creation of these networks was, Nahr al-Bared's reconstruction also provided an opportunity to create a Palestinian camp in Lebanon with modern, dignified housing and services.
“Of course now it is much better,” said Hajj Hussein. “You can see it in the roads, the buildings. The problem is just that it took a long time.”
Although having to wait a decade for their home to be constructed, Hajj Hussein's family is one of the luckier ones. According to UNRWA, just 54% of the Palestinians displaced from Nahr al-Bared have had their homes rebuilt.
A host of legal, financial, political and administrative issues have repeatedly delayed the project, including the unearthing of Roman and Byzantine ruins, the bane of property developers across Lebanon. In addition, the mere process of clearing all the rubble and 12,000 pieces of unexploded ordnance took about a year and a half.
Reconstruction finally began in November 2009, with the most densely populated districts being given priority. Eight years on, slightly more than half the homes needed have been built. This has left approximately 2,500 people living in temporary shelters on the camp's outskirts waiting to be rehoused. Their current accommodations are frigid during the winter rains and swelter under the summer sun.
Some of those without permanent homes, like Fouad Askoul and his family, have been forced to rent apartments elsewhere. Palestinian families often pay between $200 and $300 a month for accommodations, which is a lot of money for a community with severe, state-imposed restrictions on employment.
While UNRWA once provided housing subsidies for displaced Palestinians, budget cuts put an end to those in 2014, causing “many, many problems,” as Askoul, an out-of-work construction laborer, put it. In fact, Askoul and his family of six rent an apartment within a newly built section of Nahr al-Bared. It is one among many of the homes that have been shunned by their owners.
These rejected homes are symptomatic of another challenge the camp faces: Palestinians may be returning, but normal life has not. Although the camp's old social networks have been painstakingly mapped out on paper, reviving them hasn't been so successful.
“Before the [2007] war, the camp was probably one of the most prosperous in Lebanon,” Whyte said. Retail was at the heart of Nahr al-Bared's comparative success, and its two commercial streets were full of people from across the north looking for cheap goods and services. Aware of this, UNRWA made the commercial centers some of the first areas to be developed. Yet, said Whyte, military restrictions and checkpoints at the camp's entrances have been off-putting to Lebanese, thus limiting commercial activity to the local community.
“I think it's possibly a reason why many families haven't returned to the camp,” Whyte said. A senior military source who was involved in the 2007 battle and requested anonymity posited another theory, however, claiming that the wealth pouring into Nahr al-Bared had more nefarious origins.
“At the time, it was a center for trafficking and contraband,” he told Al-Monitor, asserting that it was these illicit goods that drew Lebanese there in the first place. Nevertheless, he doesn't think the military will hold as tight a grip forever. “I think when the construction phase ends, [the restrictions] will return to normal,” he said.
Before that happens, a funding deficit of $106 million needs to be addressed, to cover the last stages of reconstruction. In the meantime, with no guarantees on where the money will come from or when it will materialize, thousands of displaced Palestinians like Askoul will remain in limbo.
For many, however, the promise of a new home and once again living alongside friends and family will be worth the wait. “We are accustomed to living together,” said Askoul. “It is very difficult to be apart, but we have hope.”
Mar 14, 2015; Pittsburgh, PA, USA; Pittsburgh Penguins center Brandon Sutter (16) skates with the puck against the Boston Bruins during the second period at the CONSOL Energy Center. Boston won 2-0. Mandatory Credit: Charles LeClaire-USA TODAY Sports
Evgeni Malkin to Return to the Pens' Lineup on Saturday? by Sonny Sachdeva
Lost among the rollercoaster of emotions that has been the Pittsburgh Penguins' 2014-15 season has been the surprisingly solid play of third-line center Brandon Sutter.
While the Pens have again been labeled a top-heavy team at times this season, the team's depth is notably improved from previous years, as the third and fourth lines now feature legitimate NHL forwards rather than simply a mix of AHL call-ups.
Pivotal in guiding the Pens' bottom-six has been Sutter, who's quietly having his best season since coming to Pittsburgh – and in fact, one of the best seasons of his career.
Through 72 games, Sutter has posted 17 goals and 29 points, already surpassing his previous best as a Penguin – the 13 goals and 26 points he tallied last season.
Sutter's best campaign came back in 2009-10, when he tallied 21 goals and 40 points.
The seven-year veteran has also improved his play beyond offensive production.
Tasked with taking key draws for the Pens, Sutter has posted a faceoff-percentage of 53% – tied for the best of his career, and by far the best since coming to Pittsburgh (he put up 49.5% in 2013-14 and has already won 72 more faceoffs than last season).
Sutter's blocks (44), hits (71), and takeaways (35) also rank as the best since joining the Pens, and the numbers have the bottom-six pivot nearing the quality totals he posted during his tenure as a Carolina Hurricane.
Pittsburgh currently boasts the third-best penalty-kill in the league, sitting at 85.4%, due in no small part to the reliable play of Sutter.
He currently leads all forwards in shorthanded time-on-ice (and sits third overall amongst the Pens) with 176:27.
He hasn't been too bad at turning those penalty-kills into offensive chances as well – his 4 shorthanded goals are a career high and lead the Penguins.
While fans have decried the depth pivot at times as not an adequate option behind Sidney Crosby and Evgeni Malkin (especially in comparison to former Penguin Jordan Staal), Sutter is demonstrating this season that he's still on the rise and surely hasn't peaked yet.
At only 25 years old, with a reasonable cap hit of $3.3 million per year, Sutter need only be reliable and steadily improving for him to be worthwhile to this club.
Thus far this season, he's lived up to that bill, providing excellent penalty-killing for the Pens and chipping in on offense when needed.
With eight games remaining in the season, he has a good chance of topping 20 goals for the second time in his young career, and still has time to grow into a quality two-way player for the Pens.
Assuming Sutter keeps up his pace and brings back the strong postseason play he showed last season, he could be primed for a big step forward in 2014-15.
Blockchain in the USA: Trump admin declares commitment to blockchain, government uses
Donald Trump's presidential administration just officially confirmed its commitment to the blockchain, declaring that it's looking at optimizing the U.S government through blockchain use cases.
This is bullish news not just for U.S. crypto customers, but for crypto-enthusiasts all across the world.
Participating in the Data Transparency 2017 conference, two top Trump White House officials announced for the first time that U.S. policymakers are increasingly looking at crypto as a cornerstone of American tech strategies going forward.
“With artificial intelligence and blockchain, the [White House] is exploring a whole range of forward-leaning capabilities that might be helpful to government,” said Margie Graves, an acting information chief at the Office of Management and Budget (OMB).
This kind of rhetoric coming out of the OMB is huge for crypto, but it's no surprise: OMB director Mick Mulvaney founded the Congressional Blockchain Caucus, so he's been—and continues to be—on the frontlines of making crypto mainstream in the U.S.
In her comments, Graves said that she and Mulvaney were working with the White House to strive toward the U.S. implementing blockchain technologies for cutting down on abuse, waste, and fraud in the federal government.
Chris Liddell, a strategic adviser in Trump's White House, echoed Graves' remarks during his own speech at the Data Transparency 2017 conference.
“As we look to the future, we want to ensure that today's reforms do not hinder tomorrow's adoption of emerging technologies,” Liddell said. “Whether it is blockchain, artificial intelligence or perhaps a new technology, standardized data will help ensure the government stays current of technology's latest trends.”
This is great news for crypto users who have been fearful the U.S. government will crackdown on the blockchain.
Now we know the Trump administration will only be embracing crypto, not cracking down on it.
And we also know this news will surely help skyrocket the price of Bitcoin, Ether, and other altcoins in the coming months. News like this could power Bitcoin past $5,000 and beyond in the mid-term.
TLDR: Trump's White House has formally signaled its intentions to implement blockchain technologies to streamline the U.S. government.
Like this: Like Loading...
Shanghai (Gasgoo)- Toyota said on October 30 that it will begin related tests of its fuel cell electric vehicle (FCEV) MIRAI in China. Meanwhile, the first hydrogen station for FCEV of Toyota Motor Engineering & Manufacturing (China) Co., Ltd. has been completed.
Toyota said in the announcement that China is trying to promote the application and industrialization of FCEV with more infrastructure. As the first mass producer of FCEV across the world, Toyota wants to make contribution to China's FCEV development.
According to the Japanese carmaker's plan, in the future 3 to 5 years, Toyota will make researches on vehicle driving in the Chinese environment, on the quality of hydrogen fuel and other tests on quality durability. Toyota wants to explore the cooperation possibility with the government and the auto industry to build a hydrogen society.
The FCEV MIRAI has an outstanding environment-friendly property. The vehicle only emits water from its tail pipe and boasts a range of 500 kilometers (Toyota's NEDC test data) with only three-minute hydrogen fueling. It is as convenient as traditional fuel-powered vehicle in range and refueling. Up to now, there are a total of six hydrogen stations in Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou. Toyota's first hydrogen station is located in Changshu, Jiangsu province.
Gasgoo not only offers timely news and profound insight about China auto industry, but also help with business connection and expansion for suppliers and purchasers via multiple channels and methods.
All Rights Reserved. Do not reproduce, copy and use the editorial content without permission. Contact us: autonews@gasgoo.com.
Garth Popple, chairman of ATCA​ Board and CEO of We Help Ourselves note, "Since 2006, the Commonwealth has provided funding to ATCA​ to develop standards of treatment for residential services – not just for therapeutic communities, but for all residential services. We are immensely grateful for this support. This means that clients and the community can have some assurance that residential services that have undertaken an accreditation process, and those wearing the ATCA​ badge, are providing treatment that is evidence-based and effective". "Therapeutic communities have traditionally worked with those who are at the severe end of substance use. For those with mild to moderate disorders, brief and short-term interventions will provide an opportunity for change. However, we are seeing increasing numbers of people who require longer term treatment – and this is where the therapeutic community model is best applied," Mr Popple notes. Alongside the call made by Mr Biondo​ recently was the story of a family in crisis. A family that had not been able to find help in Australia as services were full, and had instead turned to overseas alternatives, spending up to $100,000 on private treatment. It is apparent that these short-term, but expensive alternatives, had leaded only to short-term outcomes. ATCA​ see first-hand the profound changes that occur for those who commit to residential treatment in order to reclaim their lives from drug and alcohol use. The association represents 49 residential therapeutic community services across Australia as well as a range of outclient​ services. These include detoxification units, family, gambling and mental health counselling, child care facilities, family support programs, exit housing and outreach services. Eight of the ATCA​ members provide services for Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander populations, in South Australia, Western Australia, Northern Territory and Queensland.
The concerns are further highlighted by Anne-Maree Kaser​, CEO of Windana​ in Victoria, "Our challenge is simply trying to meet the growing demand of individuals and families searching for treatments that will help them and their loved ones at a time when they need help and are vulnerable. It is with enduring frustration that we turn people away or have to suggest they come back in six months' time. When people present for help, their capacity to enter into a program, accept their role and responsibility in their recovery journey and commit to change, is at its peak." In Australia, we have been fortunate to have a national drug strategy which emphasises the three pillars of demand reduction, supply reduction and harm reduction. Demand reduction requires support and treatment facilities to help people recover from dependence and to reintegrate with the community. Harm reduction seeks to reduce the adverse health, social and economic consequences of the use of alcohol, tobacco and other drugs. Supply reduction is important but strategies must work in partnership – and this includes increasing the number of drug courts. ATCA​ members are also working effectively within the prison system. Three of the association's members provide prison-based rehabilitation services, and the association would like to see an increase in treatment for those in custody. In New Zealand, where ATCA​ has six members, nine of the 16 therapeutic communities there are based in prisons. A 2015 report from the Australian Institute of Health and Welfare, draws attention to the fact that 67 per cent of prison entrants reported illicit drug use in the 12 months prior to prison entry. Recent illicit drug use was more common among younger prisoners, with over 76 per cent of those aged 18–24 taking illicit drugs in the last 12 months, compared with 53 per cent of those aged 45 and over. The adoption of a wide-ranging funding strategy that includes needle and syringe programs, new drug courts and 'care and recovery' case management must also include an increase to the total number of beds for clients.
This should be offered in both community and prison settings – but it is far more cost effective in the community. Internationally, the return on investment for drug and alcohol treatment is $7 for every $1 spent. However, increasing the beds and other treatment places is one thing – making sure they are accredited, conform to quality standards, provide open and transparent communication with clients and their families and include quality treatment, is essential. Dr Lynne Magor-Blatch is the executive officer with the ATCA​ and associate professor, School of Psychology at the University of Wollongong.
Mark Byrnes
Some cities ignore the abuse, but others have found success engaging it head on.
You're “slowly sucking our souls and our money one messed up day at a time,” they write. “Why must you be so bitchy?” You're “a disgrce.” “:/ u suck!” Such is the abuse leveled at public transit agency Twitter accounts every day—truly and unendingly negative. “Negative” is putting it kindly. According to a new study in the Journal of the American Planning Association, public transit receives more racist, classist, sexist, and altogether discriminatory tweets than other much-maligned public and private services, including social welfare programs, the IRS, and airlines (even United!). The study, which coded two years of tweets according to their negativity, found that the poor Chicago Transit Authority got only a bit less online ire than did “Obamacare.”* Boston's MBTA came in just above “welfare queen.” Public transit agencies face a bit of a dilemma when it comes to social media. On one hand, they're expected to take loads of abuse sitting down. “A lot of times [Twitter users] are just upset,” says Kari Watkins, a Georgia Tech professor who has studied public transit agencies and social media. “They're not actually looking for people to respond.” I really f-ing hate the @MTA Is there that much track work that needs to be done during the day? Do it at night. #mta #mtasux — JD (@NewYorkerJosh) February 6, 2015 On the other hand, some Twitter users want their problems personally acknowledged. They want Twitter to act as a customer service line without the call center, so that a few taps on a smartphone keyboard will get the bus there faster, or the garbage picked up from the subway platform, or that puking guy off the streetcar.
“How do we integrate the feedback from social media? There's a great debate, probably at all transit agencies,” says Alicia Trost, a spokesperson for the Bay Area's BART system. BART officials worry that Twitter gripes are made too easily to be taken seriously. “You don't have as much ownership to your complaint as when you have to call into an agency and officially make [it],” she says. Handling the Sheer Volume of Negativity So what happens when slow-moving governmental bureaucracies meet the chaos and unrivaled savagery of the Internet? That's the open question everyone is still trying to answer. Here's the first issue: Who's supposed to take care of a public transit Twitter feed, anyway? A 2013 survey of 130 transit agencies in the U.S. and Canada found that 78 percent use social media as a “web-based customer feedback tool,” but 64 percent said they didn't have enough staff to respond to tweets, or respond fast enough. If customer service staffers take over, there's a chance they won't have that special Twitter flair. But the marketing and communications department might not be plugged into the customer service pipeline, or have access to the software or paperwork needed to get service requests to the maintenance team. Just wanted to say that @SFBART is my least favorite part of the day, every day. No exaggeration. #bartsucks #sf #oakland — Chad Reid (@thebig3c) February 10, 2015 At BART—which, it should be noted, serves Twitter's San Francisco headquarters—one customer service rep works with the communications team to solve social media complaints. But Trost says the agency is still figuring out how to spread that work around. “Right now, [Twitter] is a good way to engage,” she says. “[But] we're not sure how it fits into the customer service figures.”
Agencies also aren't exactly sure how to handle the sheer volume of online crud headed their way. When officials in Austin, Texas, commissioned researchers to engage the public in social media conversations about proposed public transportation plans, they couldn't keep up with the 49,400 social media messages received over the two-month trial period. Quoth one bemused Austin bureaucrat: “This was an experiment for the City and I think we learned the time and attention needed to support Twitter dialogue, beyond informational tweets, is not currently feasible, even with automated analytics.” @tinnacheeks__ We apologize for this experience. Pls provide route, stop, direction and time so that we can follow up. Thank you. ^TH — VTA (@VTA) February 9, 2015 Then there's the negativity issue. The 2013 survey of public transit agencies found that 38 percent worried about negative social media feedback tarnishing their images. A 2013 study of Twitter content about Chicago's transit authority found, unsurprisingly, that “transit riders are more inclined to assert negative sentiments to a [transit] situation than positive sentiments.” As transit researcher and consultant Susan Bregman says, “It's easier to yell at some anonymous agency in cyberspace than it is to yell at a customer service agent who is ... trained in techniques to reduce anger.” Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... On Twitter, angry accusations are on the Internet forever, whether agencies want them or not. There are certainly ways not to handle this. In one high-profile blunder, Washington D.C.'s transit authority responded to a particularly harsh critic by blocking him on the microblogging site. That, of course, failed to stem the tide of criticism: Instead, the man behind @FixWMATA ended up with interviews on the local news channels. SEPTA Takes a Friendlier Approach Philadelphia's SEPTA has taken a different tack: embracing the online anger. “I told my boss that, if you expect me to reduce complaints, you have the wrong person,” says Assistant General Manager Kim Scott Heinle, who oversees all customer service operations for the agency. If there are problems in the system, he says, “I want people to let us know.” This sweaty little boy standing up next to me smells horrible, I hate septa omgg — marissa capriotti. (@marissalynncap) June 4, 2014 To that end, Heinle has developed a personable and (dare we say) charming approach to dealing with the angry riding public. The organization's customer service initiative, located at @SEPTA_SOCIAL, tries to respond to any and all messages, even those that concern SEPTA but aren't directed towards the agency. “That creates that sense of intimacy,” he says. “When we respond right away, they're impressed that we're there to listen.” SEPTA's specialized social media customer service reps aren't subject to any specific social media rules and regulations. (After a “raging debate,” SEPTA counsel finally agreed to “trust the people,” Heinle says.) They're also encouraged to develop their own personalities. That means signing off on messages with their initials, emoji (lots of emoji), and endearing check-ins with favorite riders: Two Schools of Transit Twitter Thought There are two basic schools of thoughts for public transit agencies on Twitter. One is SEPTA's “active listening” approach. The other is the “blast” technique, employed by agencies like D.C.'s WMATA, wherein agencies generally tweet out information on transit problems as they come up. (These aren't mutually exclusive; SEPTA also has a handle dedicated to tweeting out information on delays.) Watkins, the researcher, says the listening method is clearly preferable.
“The part that scares me the most is not so much the feedback. … It's when agencies have a Twitter handle just for service alerts,” she says. “They're only showing things that are wrong with the system. There's no positive to balance that out.” The research agrees. The recent JAPA study, conducted by University of Southern California planning scholar Lisa Schweitzer, found that agencies that interact with social media users have more positive statements about their service on Twitter overall—“and fewer racist and sexist comments”—than those that just blast information. D8, G8, P6: Due to an accident at 4th & Rhode Island Ave NE, buses may experience delays in both directions. — Metrobus Info (@Metrobusinfo) February 13, 2015 H1, H2, H3, H4, H8: Due to traffic congestion on Irving St NW & Columbia Rd NW at 13th, buses are experiencing up to 25-minute delays. — Metrobus Info (@Metrobusinfo) February 13, 2015 80 RT @dcfireems: Pedestrian Struck - North Capitol St. & Michigan Ave NW - Units en route. #dctraffic #movetotherightdc — Metrobus Info (@Metrobusinfo) February 13, 2015 Recent blasts from WMATA's Metro bus info Twitter account. But Most Riders Aren't Tweeters Here's one more twist, and it's a big one: Very few agencies actually know how many of their users are online. New work by Bregman and Watkins finds that one in four U.S. and Canadian transit agencies couldn't answer the question: “How many of your riders have access to smartphones or the Internet?” Among those that did answer it, just 25 percent based their estimates on actual rider surveys. The other three-quarters just answered with Internet access rates for their communities at large.
Recent numbers from the Pew Research Center show that 87 percent of Americans use the Internet, and that 74 percent of Internet users are on social networking sites. But Twitter in particular is much less popular, with only 23 percent of online adults on the platform. And those who don't use social networking on mobile phones also happen to be among those most likely to ride public transit: people 65 and older, people without high school diplomas, and people who make less than $30,000 a year. “[M]ost transit agencies that I've been in touch with say mobile, digital, electronic communications is a very important tool in our communications toolbox … but they still have to do the traditional stuff,” says Bregman. “They still have to use print, they still have to use public meetings, they still have to run ads in the newspaper, they still have to put leaflets on their buses, they still need a call center.” Emoji or not, then, communicating with an angry public is always hard work. Illustration by Mark Byrnes with elements from Wikimedia Commons under a Creative Commons license. *CORRECTION: An earlier version of this story said the Chicago Transit Authority got a little more online ire than Obamacare, according to a recent study. It actually got slightly less.
Vandalism and threats target Jewish institutions Embed  Copy Share       Play Video 2:14 Growing outcry against a recent spate of anti-Semitic acts and threats pushed President Trump to denounce the rising violence, calling it "a sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil." (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post) Growing outcry against a recent spate of anti-Semitic acts and threats pushed President Trump to denounce the rising violence, calling it "a sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil." Public outcry against a recent spate of anti-Semitic acts and threats pushed President Trump to denounce the rising violence. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
Authorities investigating recent bomb threats against Jewish institutions nationwide arrested a former journalist Friday morning and said he was behind at least some of the threats, describing them as part of the man's campaign to harass a woman.
The arrest in St. Louis appears to be the first made in response to a recent wave of bomb threats at Jewish centers and schools across the country in recent days. Headstones The arrest in St. Louis appears to be the first made in response to a recent wave of bomb threats at Jewish centers and schools across the country in recent days. Headstones also have been vandalized at Jewish cemeteries in Missouri, Pennsylvania and, most recently, upstate New York.
But officials said Friday that they don't believe the man — Juan Thompson, 31 — was behind all of the calls or the vandalism.
The The bomb threats against Jewish centers and schools in January and February — including another string of such calls on Monday that evacuated schools in Maryland and Virginia , among other places — brought the total number of incidents to 100 across dozens of states, according to the Jewish Community Center Association of North America. The threatening behavior, arriving at a time of increased anxiety about anti-Semitism, has prompted frenzied evacuations and forced people to scramble from schools, offices and daycare facilities, sometimes pushing cribs carrying young children.
Last month, a bomb threat was called in to the Anti-Defamation League's headquarters in New York. Police said that a search did not turn up a bomb.
The FBI arrested Thompson on Friday morning in St. Louis, according to the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Southern District of New York.
Thompson is a journalist who was Thompson is a journalist who was fired from the Intercept , an investigative journalism website, for fabricating quotes and misleading colleagues to cover his tracks. In an editor's note last year, the publication said Thompson had engaged in “a pattern of deception” and wrote that he created fake email accounts to impersonate people.
“We were horrified to learn this morning that Juan Thompson, a former employee of The Intercept, has been arrested in connection with bomb threats against the ADL and multiple Jewish Community Centers in addition to cyberstalking,” Charlotte Greensit, the Intercept's managing editor, said in a statement Friday. “These actions are heinous and should be fully investigated and prosecuted.”
Greensit said Thompson worked at the Intercept from November 2014 until he was fired in January 2016.
An FBI spokeswoman said Thompson is not believed to be responsible for all the threats to Jewish Community Centers across the country. Thompson was arrested in St. Louis, not far from a Jewish cemetery in suburban University City, Mo., where 150 headstones were recently vandalized, but the spokeswoman said he is not believed to be responsible for that incident.
A Jewish community center and day school in Davie, Fla., after people were evacuated due to a threat Monday. (Wilfredo Lee/AP)
Thompson was charged with cyberstalking for allegedly communicating at least eight threats to Jewish Community Centers as part of a sustained campaign of harassment targeting a woman.
Relatives for Thompson — who is expected to appear in court Friday — could not be located in the wake of his arrest.
According to the complaint, the woman and Thompson had been in a romantic relationship, and after their relationship ended, he began sending defamatory emails and faxes to her workplace, making false reports that she was involved in criminal activity and making threats to the Jewish centers in her name.
Authorities also said some of his threats were made in his own name, part of what they believe was an effort to make it seem as if the woman was trying to frame him. Attempts to reach the woman were not immediately successful.
(A screenshot of Thompson's tweet.)
The criminal complaint filed in federal court points to The criminal complaint filed in federal court points to his Twitter page , where he rails about an ex-girlfriend he describes as a “nasty/racist #whitegirl.” In one tweet, Thompson accused the woman of harassing and threatening him before saying she had framed him for a bomb threat to a Jewish Community Center.
Thompson's page also expresses disdain for President Trump and white people generally. Trump earlier this week condemned the anti-Semitic threats and vandalism, his Thompson's page also expresses disdain for President Trump and white people generally. Trump earlier this week condemned the anti-Semitic threats and vandalism, his second such condemnation , but in a meeting with attorneys general he also questioned who was behind it and apparently suggested that it may have been the work of his political opponents.
Trump said that while the threats were reprehensible, sometimes it's “the reverse,” according to two attorneys general at the meeting. He also Trumps said that while the threats were reprehensible, sometimes it's “the reverse,” according to two attorneys general at the meeting. He also said last month that some bigoted public sentiments could be traced to his opponents and “it won't be my people,” but will be done to make his supporters look bad.
ADL leaders said Friday that law enforcement officials informed them that the arrest was made in the case of a bomb threat against its offices as well as “several other” facilities.
The New York Police Department confirmed that an arrest was made and referred further questions to the FBI. The bureau did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
“The defendant allegedly caused havoc, expending hundreds of hours of police and law enforcement resources to respond and investigate these threats,” James P. O'Neill, the New York police commissioner, said in a statement. “We will continue to pursue those who peddle fear, making false claims about serious crimes.”
Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly recently pledged additional support to Jewish communities after “unacceptable and escalating threats and actual harassment directed at faith-based communities around the country, with a particular focus on threats to Jewish Community Centers.”
In a statement, Kelly had said he was directing the agency “to heighten our outreach and support to enhance public safety.” As part of that, a branch of Homeland Security spoke with executive directors of the JCC association to offer more help with training and protective measures, he said.
On Thursday, the ADL said that at least 16 headstones were toppled at a cemetery in Rochester, N.Y., that it said has been used by the Jewish community there for nearly a century.
“A number of headstones were recently vandalized and toppled over at Waad Hakolel Cemetery in Rochester,” New York Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo (D) said in a statement. “Given the wave of bomb threats targeting Jewish community centers and disturbing vandalism at Jewish cemeteries nationwide, I am directing the state police to immediately launch a full investigation into this matter.”
This story has been updated.
Further reading:
In the sixty-ninth minute of the World Cup's opening match, between Brazil and Croatia, with the score tied 1–1, the Brazilian striker Fred—players in Brazil typically go by their first names—went down in front of the opposing goal, seemingly shoved or tripped by a Croatian defender. Players from the Croatian team swarmed the referee to protest, but in vain; the referee gave the defender, Dejan Lovren, a yellow card and awarded the Brazilians a penalty kick. Neymar, a forward, briskly converted it, giving the Brazilians a permanent lead.
But, by then, even the television commentators were howling, as replays exposed the foul for what it actually was: a spectacular bit of theatre. Lovren had barely touched Fred, who nonetheless slid down on a pillow of air, his arms raised in mock protest even before he hit the ground. He'd faked it, to draw the penalty.
“Wait, what happened?” my wife asked, as we watched the replay once more. I found her incredulity touching. “Does that happen a lot?”
It does happen a lot. Supporters of any team will gladly point out the sport's worst offenders, often implicating a rival team: the Irish (or Nigerians, or Uruguayans) are brutes! The Italians (or French, or Argentines) are cheats! Cristiano Ronaldo—Ronaldo's name comes up a lot—is the world's biggest flop artist! An article in today's New York Times suggested that American soccer players are particularly poor at playacting, although it managed to quote only the opinions of American players.
But exactly how much cheating goes on in soccer, or whether any team or player really does more of it than any other, is hard to quantify. Perhaps the closest measure is a four-year-old study, still unpublished, by Chris Stride, a psychologist at the University of Sheffield. In 2010, Stride had two assistants watch, on playback, every minute of all sixty-four matches in that year's World Cup.
“That's a lot of watching,” Stride says. Stride instructed the aides to note every incident of cheating—the infractions caught by the referees and those that went unseen—and who did it to whom, when, and where on the field. “I was interested to see whether cheating in football is relative to the player as an individual, to the match situation, or to a team or national ethic,” Stride said. “The only way to do that was to collect some data.”
First, he had to define cheating. In soccer, all sorts of manhandling—jostling, obstruction, shirt pulling—goes on as a matter of course. Stride ignored that stuff, as well as offside violations, poorly timed tackles, and what he refers to in the study as “intentional rule violations due to a player losing his temper.” (Classic example: the headbutt that France's striker Zinedine Zidane delivered to Marco Materazzi, of Italy, in the 2006 World Cup final, after Materazzi told Zidane, “I prefer the whore that is your sister.” Zidane was given a red card, and France lost on penalties.)
Instead, Stride focussed on the officially unfair schemes that players employ to win a strategic advantage for their team or to keep the opposing side from gaining one. He places these into two broad categories. First is what is known in soccer as the “professional foul”—a blatant attempt to stop or alter the opponent's goal or attack. If their striker is making a beeline toward your goal, and you're the last defender, you may find it necessary to collide with him at top speed or trip him from behind. If the ball is about to go into your net, maybe you use your hand to keep it out. If your team is ahead, there's time to be wasted—by kicking the ball out of bounds, or by discovering that you need to stop and tie your laces. Such infractions can draw a yellow or even a red card. But players commit them regardless, for the larger good of the team.
Then there's what Stride calls “classic cheating” or “simulation cheating”—flops, dives, players writhing with pains that magically evaporate the moment the referee looks away. In some respects, classic cheats are just the inverse of, and perhaps a natural response to, professional fouls: the former are typically committed by attackers, Stride found, to get the defenders in trouble, while the latter are largely committed by defenders against attackers.
Over all, Stride counted three hundred and ninety incidents of cheating, or about six per ninety-minute match. Three-quarters of them were professional fouls, eighty-seven per cent of which were caught by the referees. The rest was classic cheating, and it mostly went undetected by the refs—no surprise, perhaps, since the whole point of deception is to deceive. Some teams were indeed bigger offenders than others: Brazil had one of the top rates of professional fouls (three and a half incidents per game), while Portugal, Chile, and Italy shared the highest rate of classic cheating (two incidents per game). Of the players, the top two fakers were Abdul Kader Keïta, of the Ivory Coast, and Cuauhtémoc Blanco, of Mexico; the third was Cristiano Ronaldo.
Stride noted that although a professional foul technically counts as cheating—rules are broken—most people don't see it that way. “It's considered against the rules but not against the ethos of the game,” he said. In a companion study in 2010, Stride polled more than five hundred supporters of World Cup teams and found that “viewers dislike classic cheating a lot more than professional fouls,” he said. “A small majority of fans were quite happy to see their team commit a professional foul if it would stop a goal.” But more than seventy per cent disapproved of players, even from their own team, who faked an injury, exaggerated an injury, dived in pursuit of a penalty kick, or used their hand to score a goal. “Exaggerating an injury was particularly bad.” In effect, cheating was cheating if it led to a goal but not if it stopped one.
It's tempting to say that cheating is more prevalent than ever, but it's probably just more visible. The game is more popular and more widely televised, in higher resolution and slower motion, with casual and professional analysts alike eager to linger on the beautiful game's least attractive moments. The visibility is also a disincentive; players can be fined or banned retroactively for fouls that the referee may have missed the first time around. And the old days weren't exactly idyllic: the 1966 World Cup, held in England, has been called “the most violent World Cup” because the officials elected to call fewer fouls, presumably (at least according to South American players) to level the field against more technically skilled South American teams. “It was as if the referees had swallowed their whistles,” the retired Brazilian star Pelé writes in his new memoir, “Why Soccer Matters.”
If soccer has a real cheating problem, it's upstairs. The Federation Internationale de Football Association, or FIFA, which governs professional soccer worldwide and runs the World Cup, has been accused of ignoring extensive evidence of match-fixing in recent years. Last year, Europol, the European Union's police intelligence agency, pointed to six hundred and eighty matches between 2008 and 2011, including World Cup qualifiers, whose results it deemed suspicious. Two weeks ago, Scotland's National Crime Agency began investigating a recent friendly match between Scotland and Nigeria, after a widely seen video clip seemed to show the Nigerian keeper tossing the ball into his own net.
Meanwhile, there is mounting evidence that key FIFA officials were bribed into awarding the 2022 World Cup to Qatar. Sepp Blatter, FIFA's seventy-eight-year-old president, recently called the decision to select Qatar “a mistake,” only to reverse himself and blame the controversy on “racism” and “discrimination.” Last week, over the objections of European soccer officials, Blatter decided to run for a fifth term as FIFA's president. He more than anyone must be glad for the current World Cup to be underway, to distract us from the sins committed in pursuit of the next Cups.
[#image: /photos/59095114ebe912338a3726ac]See more of The New Yorker's coverage of the 2014 World Cup.
If you have been on Twitter recently, you know that #AddaWordRuinaMovie began trending over the weekend. Today, “Eat with Joy” author Rachel Marie Stone, a missionary who lives in Malawi, got #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook to start trending, and it's currently in the top five United States trends.
Here are my current favorites with the actual titles and authors underneath. Add yours to the comments section:
I French Kissed Dating Goodbye#AddaWordRuinAChristianBook — Rachel Marie Stone (@Rachel_M_Stone) October 7, 2013
“I Kissed Dating Goodbye” by Josh Harris (retweeted by Josh Harris)
Crazy Love Handles #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Steve K. McCoy (@stevekmccoy) October 7, 2013
“Crazy Love” by Francis Chan
The Taco Shack#AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Rusty Graves (@rustygraves) October 7, 2013
The Love Shack #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Cameron Strang (@cameronstrang) October 8, 2013
“The Shack” by William Paul Young
The Reduced Cost of Discipleship by Bonhoeffer #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — David Bunce (@davidbunce) October 7, 2013
“The Cost of Discipleship” by Dietrich Bonhoeffer
#AddaWordRuinaChristianBook Blue Like Jazz Hands — Michael Wear (@MichaelRWear) October 7, 2013
“Blue Like Jazz” by Donald Miller
Seventh Heaven is for Real #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Leigh Kramer (@hopefulleigh) October 7, 2013
“Heaven is for Real” by Todd Burpo and Lynn Vincent
The Power of a Praying Mantis Wife #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Ted Olsen (@tedolsen) October 7, 2013
“The Power of a Praying Wife” by Stormie Omartian
The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe Malfunction #addawordruinachristianbook — Christopher Hudson (@chudson71) October 7, 2013
“The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe” by C.S. Lewis
"The Problem of Pain Killers" by C.S. Lewis #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Jonathan Merritt (@JonathanMerritt) October 8, 2013
“The Problem of Pain” by C.S. Lewis
“One Thousand Gifts” by Ann Voskamp
Your Jesus is Too Dishwasher Safe #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Jared C. Wilson (@jaredcwilson) October 7, 2013
“Your Jesus is too Safe” by Jared Wilson
The Costco of Discipleship. #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Diana Butler Bass (@dianabutlerbass) October 7, 2013
“The Cost of Discipleship” by Dietrich Bonhoeffer
A New Kind of Christian Mingle #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Tyler Huckabee (@TylerHuckabee) October 7, 2013
“A New Kind of Christian” by Brian McLaren
The Power Rangers of a Praying Wife #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Church Curmudgeon (@ChrchCurmudgeon) October 7, 2013
“The Power of a Praying Wife” by Stormie Omartian
I Kissed Carbon Dating Goodbye #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Sam Allberry (@SamAllberry) October 7, 2013
“I Kissed Dating Goodbye” by Josh Harris
Your Best Life Support Now #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Denny Burk (@DennyBurk) October 7, 2013
“Your Best Life Now” by Joel Osteen
“Stuff Christians Like” by Jon Acuff
To Diaper Change the World #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Alissa Wilkinson (@alissamarie) October 7, 2013
“To Change the World” by James Davison Hunter
Stop Dating the Church Secretary by Josh Harris #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Adrian Warnock (@adrianwarnock) October 7, 2013
“Stop Dating the Church” by Josh Harris
Exodus International #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Karen Swallow Prior (@KSPrior) October 8, 2013
“Exodus” (like the book in the Bible)
A Wrinkle Cream in Time #AddAWordRuinAChristianBook — Sarah Bessey (@sarahbessey) October 8, 2013
“A Wrinkle in Time” by Madeline L'Engle
“Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy” by Eric Metaxas
When Bad Ass Things Happen to Good People #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Susan E. Isaacs (@susanisaacs) October 8, 2013
“When Bad Things Happen to Good People” by Harold Kushner
Surprised by Joy Behar #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Karen Huber (@karenohuber) October 7, 2013
“Surprised by Joy” by C.S. Lewis
“Tempted and Tried” by Russell Moore
@lkoturner That is ridiculous. That is so ridiculous. You have literally ruined that book. — Michael Wear (@MichaelRWear) October 8, 2013
“Mere Christianity” by C.S. Lewis
God Made You Special Brownies #AddaWordRuinaChristianBook — Cathleen Falsani (@godgrrl) October 8, 2013
“God Made You Special” by Eric Metaxas (Veggie Tales)
MEMBERS OF THE opposition staged a mass walkout of the Dáil this afternoon over the government's Gaeltacht Bill.
Opposition parties want the bill to be given more time to be considered by the Dáil but the government is attempting to push through the legislation before the chamber rises this evening until 18 September.
The legislation proposes to change the function and administration of Gaeltacht areas including the body which manages these areas Údarás na Gaeltachta to arrest the decline in the number of people who currently speak Irish in Gaeltacht areas.
Opposition parties are not only concerned about the lack of time being devoted to debating the bill but also that the administration of Gaeltacht areas will be carried out by people who do not have the best interests of the language at heart.
Politics.ie captured the moment of the walkout:
YouTube: IrishPolitics
Undeterred, the Gaeltacht Minister Dinny McGinley stood up and delivered his speech final stages of the bill, remarking at the end that it was “a great pity” that the opposition benches walked out en masse.
“I hope I won't ever experience anything like it again but I think it's more a reflection on them than on us. We want to man the benches here, we fought hard to get in here, and we just want to occupy them when they are here,” he told the nearly deserted chamber.
OAKLAND — John McMullen is a man with a mission — bringing professional repertory theater to Piedmont Avenue.
As someone with theater in his heart and blood, the quest for the ideal location for Piedmont Oakland Repertory Theatre was well worth the effort and cost. That effort has paid off, and McMullen is now actively spreading the word that Capoeira Mandinga at 4137 Piedmont Ave. has generously offered space on weekend evenings for performances.
This will be the third location for the repertory theater in nine months, and McMullen is already planning how to use this temporary home to its fullest advantage, concentrating on the selection of plays and the actors as his selling points.
“It's still going to be a theater of the imagination; we named ourselves Piedmont Oakland Repertory Theatre, PORT, because we know we're going to have to be portable,” said McMullen, the performing director.
Piedmont Oakland Rep plans to inaugurate the space with a staged reading of David Mamet's Tony-nominated play “Speed-the-Plow” with two performances Sunday and to continue to hold stage readings throughout the summer before launching a full production, hopefully, in September. Once established, the company would like to present three to four productions from June through September.
“We want to keep a light in the window and let everybody know that we're alive and well and that we will be performing there,” he said.
Mamet, heralded as one of the best playwrights and screenwriters of his generation, uses “Speed-the-Plow” to offer cutting insight into the avarices, ambitions and souls of the people who greenlight the movies, letting the audience in on how those decisions are made, based on human weakness and hubris. Mamet's skill is his ability to capture the way people from all walks of life speak, be they con artists, moguls, thieves or English barristers.
McMullen described his role as producing director as one that tries to match his inventory of potential plays with his actors.
“I think about who would be good in the parts and who is available, so I match those things together and hit the jackpot this time,” he said.
“Speed-the-Plow” will feature John Hale, who starred and received rave reviews in the theater group's first two productions, “The Dining Room” and “Other People's Money.” The other two characters will be played by Matt Lai, who recently starred in Impact Theatre's “Mutt” and Hilary Hesse, who recently played in “Sweet Bird of Youth” at San Francisco's Tides Theater.
McMullen is banking on the enthusiasm that he received from merchants nine months ago when his idea for a repertory theater in the Piedmont area first got off the ground, and he believes that audience numbers will increase with the theater's move back to Piedmont Avenue, especially if he can keep tickets prices down.
“So many of the merchants were overwhelmingly enthusiastic,” McMullen said. “I think it's going to make all the difference in the world being centrally located on Piedmont Avenue.”
In teaching theater for 15 years, McMullen would tell his students that theater is a wonderful artistic outlet, one that provides a built-in community, but that trying to make a living out of acting is very hard.
“I tell them this: ‘If you can do anything else and be happy, do it,' ” he said. “I can't; theater makes me joyous.”
This explains why he continues to pour his efforts and money into providing Piedmont Avenue with professional theater, wanting to move people emotionally with the plays he selects and to make them think.
“On this wonderful avenue that has bookstores and coffee houses and a very special cinema and all these shops, we are bringing live performing arts right into the middle of it,” he said. “If you like it, come and see it because that's the way it stays.”
According to IDC, sales growth of smartphones running Microsoft's operating system will remain sluggish for the foreseeable future.
New figures from the group, released yesterday, are stark. The group predicts that Microsoft will shift a total of 31.3 million phones in calendar 2015, giving the software giant an effective global market share of 2.2 percent.
In 2019 — a far-off time, to be sure — IDC predicts that Microsoft will move 43.6 million smartphones. Now, while 50 percent growth is certainly movement in the right direction, IDC calculates that, in 2019, that higher unit volume will only grant Microsoft 0.1 percent more market share. That's not a lot.
Here's their take:
Despite all the effort Microsoft has put into the launch of Windows 10, IDC does not expect Microsoft's share of the smartphone OS market to grow much over the coming years. In 2015, IDC expects the average selling price (ASP) of Windows Phones to be $148, which is $71 lower than Android's ASP of $219. This was brought about by the Microsoft/Nokia push into the low-end mass market. While this approach helped drive shipments up to 34.9 million units in 2014, IDC is forecasting a year-over-year decline of -10.2% in 2015, followed by further decline in 2016. The weak results can largely be attributed to the lack of OEM partner support.
A Dramatic Turn Of Subtweet
Believing that device volume of the larger Windows Phone family is about to hit a growth vector has, to date, been nearly a fool's errand. I don't mean to be unkind, but Microsoft's mobile effort has been an expensive endeavor that has failed so far to attract material market penetration.
Looking into the past, however, is not always the best way to know what may happen in the future. By that I mean it was quite easy to dismiss the company's Surface efforts, which largely failed to connect with consumers until the Surface Pro 3 came along.
It is still a bit early to tell whether Microsoft will manage to grow its smartphone market share. It may not, I do not know. But with the launch of Windows 10 for mobile devices, and perhaps a rumored new smartphone that may prove to be more attractive than prior offerings, the company could be approaching something akin to a mobile reset.
And with a reset, you have to largely throw out the past and start again.
So I am hesitant to completely agree with IDC, but understand where it's coming from; being optimistic in this area has been quixotic for Microsoft's fans and users.
A smartphone platform is the fusion of hardware and firmware that supports third-party apps and services. Microsoft has reconstituted the parts of that it can control. So now we wait so that we can see.
If you asked 100 people to fill in the following blank, Family-Feud-style, what would be the most popular answer?
“I've always wanted to learn ______”
In an informal poll of authors of this blog post, the runaway winner was “a new language.”
It's pretty easy to get through “ciao” and “auf wiedersehen,” but neither of those are going to get you directions to the nearest gas station when your hovercraft is full of eels. [1]
Duolingo is an online platform for language learning that's 100% free. As you learn a new language, you also help to translate the web. You can learn Spanish, French, Italian, Portugese, or German. [2] [UPDATE 2017: And many, many more!]
We've integrated Duolingo with Beeminder so you can give yourself extra motivation to make progress towards learning your new language. Just head to beeminder.com/duolingo after you've set up your Duolingo account and enter your Duolingo username. Beeminder will check on your progress every day and make sure you stay on your Yellow Brick Road.
Bonne chance!
Thank you to John Bachir for suggesting that we do this. Thank you also to David Klionsky for helping us test this out.
Footnotes
[1] Monty Python's Dirty Hungarian Phrasebook could be a fun prank idea for Duolingo, possibly requiring massive collusion.
[2] If you're looking to add Chinese or Japanese to your repertoire, there are some ways (still primitive) to automatically beemind that as well.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MARQUETTE COUNTY (WITI) -- Members of the Menominee Nation want a meeting with Governor Scott Walker to discuss his decision to deny their casino proposal. They are drawing attention to their cause by marching 155 miles across the state to Madison. This, as Governor Walker issues a letter to the Menominee Tribe, indicating he doesn't plan on changing his mind -- despite a new offer made last week.
Through the ups and downs, in the bitter cold, the trek by the tribal members is a living, breathing metaphor for the long, winding road that has taken the Menominee Nation to the brink of despair. The poverty-stricken tribe had viewed an off-reservation casino in Kenosha as its way out of poverty. The $800 million Hard Rock Hotel and Casino would have brought 10,000 jobs to the state. But Walker denied the project, saying the potential cost to state taxpayers from threatened lawsuits was too great.
What the Menominee Nation wants now is one last chance to make the case to the Governor -- face-to-face.
"We're just trying to get a meeting with Governor Walker -- it's not a publicity stunt. It's the Menominee standing up for what they believe in," said Craig Corn, Menominee tribal member.
Walker himself last met with the tribe on October 23, 2013. But Laurie Boivin, the trial chair through most of that process, says it's not for lack of trying.
"We specifically put requests in to meet with the Governor, and those written requests had not been replied to," said Boivin.
A spokesman for Governor Walker's Department of Administration says representatives from Walker's office have met with the Menominee Tribe in person 15 times.
More than 50 people are retracing the steps of the tribe's 1971 march from the reservation in Keshena to the State Capitol in Madison.
"Like the 1971 March, it's the Menominee standing up for what we believe. He may meet with us, he may not, but at least we tried," said Corn.
Marchers expect to arrive in Madison at 11 a.m. on Wednesday, February 18th.
But this march may be a wasted effort.
Governor Walker has issued a letter to Menominee Tribal Chairman Gary Besaw. In that letter, Governor Walker says he has looked over the Menominee Tribe's offer to chip in $220 million towards a new Milwaukee Bucks arena in downtown Milwaukee along with a $275 million bond.
That letter reads:
Dear Chairman Besaw: Thank you for your letter. As you know, on November 11, 2013, I tasked Department of Administration (DOA) Secretary Mike Huebsch with having extensive discussions with Menominee and other tribal government officials to work toward finding a win-win-win for the proposed Kenosha casino. Soon after, he assembled a core team focused on gathering objective, unbiased information. During the course of the subsequent 14 months, Secretary Huebsch put together an independent fiscal and economic analysis. He met in person with Menominee officials at least 15 times and had extensive communication outside of these meetings. In addition, I met with both Menominee officials and Hard Rock International. Menominee's data, insight, and information were included in the independent economic analysis. Based on Menominee's latest press conference, I asked Secretary Huebsch to provide me with an overview of the October 2014 offer, which you reference as the “Bucks offer.” The offer involved sending a portion of the money Menominee would pay the State to a third-party trust fund run by a trustee, appointed by the Governor. Under this offer, the trustee could spend the money on any public purpose the trustee chose. Secretary Huebsch explained that this trust fund would face serious legal challenges, as it would circumvent the role of the Legislature in appropriating state revenue. As you are aware, your offer also contained a provision that blocked other casinos within 90 miles of Kenosha. When this offer was presented to Secretary Huebsch, you stated that one of the goals of the offer was to block a future Beloit casino. For your reference, I have highlighted the Menominee's summary of the proposed creation of compact Section XXXIII.A.3, which reads: Preserves gaming exclusivity within 90 miles of the Kenosha Facility vis-à-vis other tribal gaming applications permitted under a 2-part determination. Tribal revenue sharing payments are extinguished if another 2-part application is approved within 90 miles. It is clear that during Secretary Huebsch's entire negotiation over nearly a year and a half, Menominee never seriously discussed providing funding for a Bucks arena. There was an opportunity to bring forward such a proposal and have it vetted by our team of independent economists, which was not done. It is important to note we have received no specific information related to the new bond. There was every opportunity to bring a formal proposal forward and have it vetted by our team of independent economists, which again was not done. Even if Menominee could acquire, finance, and legally execute a $275 million bond, it still would not fully cover the potential economic liability to the State. Ultimately, after a comprehensive review of the potential economic impact of the proposed Kenosha casino project, I found that the risk to taxpayers is too great. Governor Doyle's compacts, much like the provisions you proposed, could cause long-term economic damage to the state budget, potentially resulting in the loss of hundreds of millions of dollars. Sincerely, Scott Walker
Governor, State of Wisconsin
The Menominee's long journey will end one way or another on Thursday. The Federal Bureau of Indian Affairs has set February 19th as the date for Governor Walker to finalize his decision.
READ IT: Menominee Tribe's letter to legislators on impact of potential Kenosha casino on Milwaukee.
Related stories:
As we continue our Power Rankings series, it's time to look beyond the player and examine what's wrapped around his head.
Let's blow the lid off this NFL helmet caper, shall we?
The NFL helmet has long been an obsession. Whether it's the unmistakable star of the Dallas Cowboys, the beyond-the-gridiron meaning in Pittsburgh or the great helmet–change fiasco in San Francisco in the early 1990s, the NFL has been all about the helmet. After all, in football, we don't look at faces, we look at logos.
Come on, who hasn't spent a Saturday afternoon feeding countless quarters into a gumball machine full of worthless plastic all in the name of getting a complete set of NFL helmets?
So, we put our artistic eyes together (with the courtesy of professional help) and came up with our top 10 NFL helmets. Consensus? No, not even close. In a 2011 Power Rankings record, 26 lids collected votes. Eye of the beholder, folks.
Interestingly, two of the six teams that got no lid love received kudos from our guest judge. I'd take her word over mine. You should see what I'm wearing right now. Think John Belushi in "Animal House." Then take it down a few notches.
We've had our battles this spring when it came to ranking players, coaches and owners, but this task has to be the most subjective of all. It's vanilla or chocolate. Or, in this case, purple or red.
Still, there were several helmets -- traditional teams seemed to catch the imagination -- that received more votes than others.
Fittingly, the winning helmet is of a team that has been scoring big during this entire series: the Pittsburgh Steelers. The black helmet received 50 voting points, cruising to an easy win. Second-place Indianapolis, and its famous horseshoe, received 41 points.
AFC North blogger James Walker was the only person to vote for the Steelers, who received top-10 votes from six of eight voters, as the No. 1 helmet. Only NFC North blogger Kevin Seifert (he received big-league redemption -- we'll explain later) and AFC East blogger Tim Graham shunned the Steelers.
Walker explained that it was fitting for the Steelers' helmet to win because it represents a gritty, historic city.
“Most helmets have a mascot or the team's name or initials, but Pittsburgh's helmet actually has in-depth meaning,” Walker said. “The colors of the diamond shapes each represent elements of steel, which was once a major industry in Pittsburgh. Also, Pittsburgh is the only NFL team with its helmet logo on one side. I think the uniqueness and tradition helps separate the Steelers.”
Here's the rest of the top-10 list after the Steelers and Colts: Oakland Raiders (my first-place vote -- just look cool, baby), Green Bay Packers, San Diego Chargers, Cowboys, Minnesota Vikings, Cleveland Browns, Chicago Bears and Miami Dolphins.
Below are some key aspects of the vote:
Walking the Runway: We are thrilled to have a celebrity presence this week. Former "Project Runway" contestant Peach Carr, a successful Chicago fashion designer and self-professed sports nut, lent her expertise this week.
Predictably, her opinion differed greatly from many of us slouches. Hey, sportswriters are rarely accused of being spiffy, snappy, hip or even presentable, so what do you expect?
The most telling of Carr's selections was her choice of the San Francisco 49ers at No. 2. They were among the six teams shut out by the rest of us. I'd listen to the Peach, San Francisco.
Carr went with the hometown Bears as her top choice. The Bears finished ninth in our poll. Major fashion buttons to Seifert. He was the only voter to agree with the professional. Reached for comment, Seifert had this to say: “Yesssssss.”
Well said, Mr. Blackwell.
Carr placed the Houston Texans as her No. 6 helmet. It was also one of the six helmets the rest of us neglected.
You made it work, Peach. Auf Wiedersehen to the rest of us.
The Lone Vote State: In an upset, the Cowboys' helmet finished sixth. Graham was the lone blogger to vote Dallas' helmet first.
“I was shocked to see nobody else put the Cowboys at the top of their ballots,” Graham said. “That helmet is the most iconic of them all. The lone blue star is known immediately by grandmothers who never watch football. It's a classic look that strikes you whether you're watching from the stands or at home. There's no tiny print to read, no cluttered symbols to decipher. You see it, you know it. And it likely conjures a visceral reaction whether you're a fan or not.”
Going traditional: In addition to the 49ers and Texans, the Tennessee Titans, Cincinnati Bengals, Atlanta Falcons and Arizona Cardinals were the only teams shut out by the eight voters. The 49ers are the only team in the group that has a history-rich franchise. However, the top 10 is dominated by tradition-rich teams.
NFC West blogger Mike Sando saw a trend.
“My thought is that success helps a brand become appealing in a lot of cases,” Sando said. “Would the Steelers' helmet really rank first if the team had tanked every year? I do not think so. Look at the Colts, Raiders, Packers, Cowboys, Browns ... all have storied histories.”
Kicking it old school: If the “throwback” helmets were allowed in the voting, I bet things would be different. My prized possession (probably says more about my collection of stuff than my sentiment) is my complete set of NFL throwback mini helmets. It is proudly displayed in my office.
There are some beauties in that collection. That's one of the reasons I went with the New York Jets' helmet as my No. 2 choice. I like the old-style look. My favorite helmet of all time is the old-school New England Patriots helmet. I love me some Patriot Pat and couldn't get enough of watching the Patriots when the league honored the AFL in 2009.
Put your thinking helmet on. What do you think is the most fashionable helmet in the NFL? Fill the comments section below with your thoughts.
Annelies Marie (Anne) Frank, a German-born Jew who perished in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, was allegedly baptized posthumously by Mormons on Saturday, the Huffington Post reported Tuesday.
According to the report, the baptism was conducted using a proxy, by a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints in the Dominican Republic .
Anne Frank. AP
Whistleblower Helen Radkey, a former member of the church, told the Huffington Post that she discovered Frank's name on a database open only to Mormons, where the Jewish girl who died at age 15 was listed as "Completed" beside categories labeled "Baptism" and "Confirmation" with the date February 18, 2012. A screen shot of the alleged database sent by Radkey is linked to the Huffington Post report.
The Huffington Post described Radkey as "a Salt Lake City researcher who investigates such incidents, which violate a 2010 pact between the Mormon Church and Jewish leaders."
Jews are particularly offended by an attempt to alter the religion of Holocaust victims, who were murdered because of their religion, and the baptism of Holocaust survivors was supposed to have been barred by a 1995 agreement.
Mormons believe posthumous baptism by proxy allows deceased persons to receive the Gospel in the afterlife. The church believes departed souls can then accept or reject the baptismal rites and contends the offerings are not intended to offend anyone.
Other religions, including the Catholic church, have also publicly objected to the baptism of its members, and it's been widely reported that Mormon and GOP presidential nominee front-runner Mitt Romney's atheist father-in-law Edward Davies was posthumously baptized.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
In addition, the parents of Holocaust survivor and Jewish rights advocate Simon Wiesenthal were posthumously baptized. Radkey found documentation of the baptism of the Wiesenthals two weeks ago while conducting regular checks of a church database. Jews have relied on the work of Radkey, a former Mormon, since 1999, although Mormon church officials have publicly questioned her motives for reviewing the database.
Last Tuesday Radkey told The Associated Press she periodically checks the database for the Wiesenthal name to gauge whether the latest Mormon efforts to screen the process were working.
Radkey's recent monitoring also turned up a record for Holocaust survivor and Nobel Laureate Elie Wiesel and several of his relatives.
There is a narrative of our community as being apolitical and somewhat isolationistic since we have gotten to this country. This is supported by our voter turnout in election, and the large scale hesitance to get involved in causes supporting other minority communities. Well, that actually does not speak to the roots of our South Asian American history. Actually, many of us don't even know our community was here before 1965. Well thankfully, Barnali Ghosh and Anirvan Chatterjee joined our show to put our heads straight. We drove up to Berkeley, California and partook in their Berkeley South Asian Radical History Walking Tour, which they have been running for four years now. It tells stories of South Asian radicals from as far back as the early 1900's. It paints a new picture of our community: the trials and tribulations we have faced, and the power that we have when we came together. Barnali and Anirvan then sat down with us to track the origins of this tour and talk about the shifts that they see in people after learning this history. In this time of poltical and racial unrest, it is wildly important for us to know our history so we can make better decisions about how to shape the future.
Video: Emergency health workers attend to the young man after the accident (Spanish voiceover). Diego París Video: Atlas
A traditional January 5 Three Kings parade in Níjar, Almería, turned to tragedy on Monday when a 20-year-man dressed up as the king Balthasar died when he was knocked from his float by an overhanging phone line.
The incident occurred in the Campohermoso district as the procession was making its way through a neighborhood of low-level housing built in the 1970s. The float carrying Balthasar collided with the cable, which knocked off the ornamental top of his throne and sent the structure falling four meters to the ground, taking young Juan Antonio Lozano with it.
The parade was immediately suspended and Lozano was taken to hospital suffering from head injuries, but died there as a result of his wounds on Tuesday afternoon.
The family may want an investigation to determine who might responsible and that will of course be accepted” Níjar mayor Antonio Jesús Rodríguez
The night before Epiphany – when Spanish children traditionally receive their Christmas gifts – Three Kings parades take place in towns across Spain in which floats carrying locals dressed as the three Magi – Melchior, Gaspar, and Balthasar – journey through the streets while their assistants throw candy to the children in the crowds.
Níjar's local council has declared three days of mourning as a result of the tragedy. “The family may want an investigation to determine who might be responsible and that will of course be accepted,” said Níjar Mayor Antonio Jesús Rodríguez. “But at this moment, and this is what they have asked me, they only want to give thanks for the expressions of sympathy they have received.
“The government has its civil responsibility insurance, but in these cases an external contract is made, and the company that organized the parade also has its insurance. If someone else is determined responsible, it could be related to the company responsible for the telephone line. The judicial police are already investigating the facts and the local police have cooperated,” he added.
A similar incident occurred in 2006 in the Seville town of San Juan de Aznalfarache
This is not the first time that a Three Kings parade has ended in tragedy in recent years. A similar incident occurred in 2006 in the Seville town of San Juan de Aznalfarache, when a 55-year-old man dressed as Gaspar ended up paralyzed when his throne fell from his float after hitting an overhead cable.
Another tragic incident took place in Málaga two years ago when a six-year-old child died after being run over by a float as he was trying to pick up candies from the ground.
Republican presidential hopeful Donald Trump used Facebook to release a new ad yesterday warning that politicians are incrementally weakening the Second Amendment and pledging that he will not allow Americans to be disarmed.
The ad is titled “Second Amendment.” In it, Trump says:
So important is our Second Amendment. The politicians are chipping away at it day by day, night by night, [and] it gets weaker and weaker. We're not going to let it happen. We are going to protect our Second Amendment. If I'm president, you can count on it 100 percent.
Below the ad, Trump exclaimed, “I won't let them take away our guns!!”
This squares perfectly with what Trump has been saying through the primary campaign. Last April, Trump told Breitbart News (emphasis in the original):
It is so important that we maintain the Second Amendment and that we maintain it strongly. And one of the main reasons is because the good people, the upstanding people, follow laws and norms but the bad ones don't. So if the Second Amendment weren't there to protect our rights and someone tampered with them, the good people would be affected but the bad people wouldn't care–they couldn't care less. It is absolutely imperative that we maintain the Second Amendment in its strongest form.
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com
The Soyuz, carrying a new crew to the International Space Station, blasts off from the Russian-leased Baikonur cosmodrome in Kazakhstan. (Photo11: Mikhail Metzel, AP) Story Highlights Soyuz craft is the only means for astronauts to reach the space station
For the first time since 1984, the manned launch took place from Baikonur cosmodrome's launch pad 31
BAIKONUR, Kazakhstan (AP) — A Russian spacecraft blasted off into a clear Central Asian sky Tuesday, carrying a three-man crew on their way to the International Space Station.
The Soyuz TMA-06M lifted off from the rolling steppes of Kazakhstan as scheduled Tuesday afternoon to deliver NASA astronaut Kevin Ford and Russians Oleg Novitsky and Yevgeny Tarelkin to the orbiting station.
After a two-day journey, they will join U.S. astronaut Sunita Williams, Russia's Yuri Malenchenko and Aki Hoshide of Japan's JAXA agency.
Of the three, only Ford has been on a space flight before. He spent two weeks in space as pilot of the space shuttle Discovery in 2009 on a mission to transport scientific equipment to the station.
For the first time since 1984, the manned launch took place from the Russian-leased Baikonur cosmodrome's launch pad 31. The pad that is normally used, from which Yury Gagarin began his landmark space mission in 1961, is undergoing modernization.
The Soyuz craft is the only means for astronauts to reach the space station since the decommissioning of the U.S. shuttle fleet in 2011.
Copyright 2012 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/OYMg5m
Frictional Games earned several slots in our round up of the best horror games on PC , and deservedly so with games like Amnesia: The Dark Descent under their belt. But what of their next venture, SOMA ? This sinister sci-fi horror was teased with a series of live-action videos before being revealed to be another exploratory first-person horror game, this time set in a Giger-esque world of dark, undulating cables and exposed brains. Time for a chat with Frictional Games creative director Thomas Grip to discover the thinking behind his latest horror.
PC Gamer: What does a sci-fi setting let you do that Dark Descent's 19th Century one didn't?
Grip: I'd say that most importantly it gives a sense of believability to happenings. When a game takes place in the past or some fantasy world, you are not personally connected. It then takes place in a reality separate from the one you inhabit. But when you deal with a futuristic setting, it is about things to come. This makes it easier for players to accept the scenarios they are put in, and it's harder to outright dismiss things. Instead it raises the question of whether or not it could actually happen. So even if there are some fantastic elements to the story, it becomes much more rooted in reality. This is a gives rise to a different mindset and is one of the big strengths of sci-fi in general.
PC Gamer: What are some of the themes SOMA's story will explore?
Grip: The major underlying theme of SOMA is consciousness. The subjective nature of this topic fits perfectly with a first person game where you are are in constant control. When immersed in game like this the boundary between yourself and the protagonist gets slightly blurred, something we will take full advantage of. The player is put through journey that will give rise to all these deep philosophical questions about the self, free will and so forth simply by playing. Combined with an ominous horror atmosphere if we aim to provide a really creepy and disturbing experience.
PC Gamer: Have you drawn inspiration from certain sci-fi books or films to create that atmosphere?
The three major inspirations are Philip K Dick, China Mieville and Greg Egan. These authors start with strange ideas and then take them as far as possible, which is exactly what we want to do as well. There are also a ton of thematic overlaps too. There will also be a bunch of Lovecraft sprinkled on top.
PC Gamer: How will the story be relayed, through environmental cues?
Grip: Our storytelling is done on multiple levels, the most basic being simply to play the game. The player will actively take part in all the important events, living through all of the plot's major moments. I think it is really important that it should be possible to get a general outline of the story even if you miss all of the details. This is not to cater to players that want to run through the game, but instead I find it an important design cornerstone. Whenever possible, the player should be DOING things instead of being TOLD things. In the end the player should be able to retell the narrative as "I did this, and then I did that...", and not just describe what happened in cutscenes. When you are set on the story being possible to follow without reading all exposition material, you are much likelier to keep this "storytelling by doing" design on track.
Going down a level, we have the common things like audio logs and notes. But what I think sets us apart from most other games is that we go into great effort to make sure that everything is consistent. So if the player listens to some audio-log they should be able to ponder why it was placed there, when it was recorded, etc. You can pull a lot of narrative from the game simply by considering the placement of the story material.
And this brings us to the lowest level which is all of the details in the world. Voices from creatures you encounter, posters, objects scattered in the environment and so forth. And just like with notes and logs, we go to great lengths to make sure that everything makes sense. You will be able to think of our world as an actual place, and not constantly ignore game-specific elements like health packs and conveniently placed cover.
PC Gamer: Does SOMA share any mechanics with The Dark Descent, or are you creating new systems?
Grip: The basic control scheme is set up is just like in Amnesia. You can pick up almost any object, physically interact with doors and that sort of thing. So anyone who has played any of our previous games should feel right at home. But beyond that it gets a little bit different. For instance, In Amnesia: The Dark Descent we had a global sanity system that lasted through the game, and we will have some similar things in SOMA, but on a more local basis. Quick example: there will be creatures that mess with your head in various ways and this will only happen in the areas they are present in. We want to the players to never really figure out how the underlying systems work, and make sure we keep a fresh experience throughout.
PC Gamer: What makes a great horror game? What can you do that can't be replicated in other mediums?
Grip: As much as possible should happen inside the player's head. You want to build up this sprawling model of the game's world in the players' minds. This will result in a much richer place than what you could possibly simulate. The next, and really hard, part is to make them use this mind model when they are playing the game. For instance, upon encountering a dark hole with some vague sounds coming from it, you want players to use their entire imagination to conjure up what might lie ahead. You want them to act as if the figments in their mind are real, and to let this control as much as possible of their experience. The better you can do this, the better horror game you got.
In its heyday, the coal industry was the driving force behind rural communities across the nation. But as the fossil fuel's popularity dwindles, so do the livelihoods of the towns dependent on it.
Look no further than the mining towns in Wyoming's Powder River Basin. In areas like these, the coal industry touches nearly every aspect of the towns' economies. As a result, when the plants announce layoffs or closures, they leave behind a broken and potentially impoverished community.
With the push for renewable energy and the rising tide of cheap natural gas, coal companies and the regions that depend on them are in a tight spot. As of 2015, the average U.S. coal company employed 65,971 people — a 12% decrease over previous years. And with coal consumption falling 13.1% in 2015, it doesn't seem likely those jobs will be coming back.
The Renewable Revolution
It's almost ironic that one of Big Coal's main rivals — the renewable energy industry — may just be the force that saves rural America.
Take, for example, wind power facilities. Companies have paid out about $222 million a year to rural landowners for the use of their property. At least 70% of wind farms are in low-income areas and employ over 100,000 workers in 50 states.
These statistics make it clear that the wind power industry has started to fill the gaps left behind by coal. However, can rural areas benefit from growth in other renewable sectors, such as solar power?
Harnessing the Sun
Advances in solar cell technology make it an increasingly popular choice for homeowners and businesses alike. Especially since scientists have achieved 40% efficiency by utilizing solar cells. The Solar Energy Industries Association reports that the photovoltaic market grew 97% in 2015, and solar power represented 39% of the new electric capacity added to the U.S power grid.
This huge growth spurt makes it one of the fastest-growing energy industries, meaning that there's a high demand for workers in all parts of the industry, from installers and engineers to sales and management.
Rural Growth Through Solar Power
Currently, the solar power industry employs 260,077 workers — up 24.5% from 2015 — and 51,000 of the jobs added were for newly created positions. Many of these positions are in rural areas, taking advantage of ample space and solar's unique scalability.
Also on the rise are rural solar cooperatives, which invest in and support solar power, like the Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association. This association is a conglomerate of 44 coops from Wyoming, Colorado, Nebraska and New Mexico. Notably, Tri-State has partnered with First Solar, based in rural AZ, to develop a solar plant in New Mexico.
At its peak, the Cimarron solar facility employed over 300 workers to assist in the construction of the plant's 500,000 solar modules. The plant takes maximum advantage of New Mexico's plentiful sunlight, outputting 30MW to power 9,000 households.
Consumer Advantages
Beyond the jobs market, rural consumers also stand to gain from the advent of affordable solar technology. The cost of solar panels has been declining for some time, allowing more and more rural consumers to install them on their property.
Additionally, solar power systems have a long lifetime and reduce a family's dependence on grid power, leading to money saved on power and heating costs. In rural areas, which naturally receive more sunlight, the savings are far more substantial. And because the cells don't need much maintenance other than basic cleaning, a family will not have to invest much money after the initial installation.
As the coal industry declines, it's left pockets of rural America in the lurch. But as concerns about climate change grow, renewable energy companies are swooping in to fill the void. Solar plants and installation companies bring the promise of new jobs, while decreased costs allow consumers to free themselves from their potentially costly grid power.
Overall, solar power has a lot to offer rural America, and the changes have only just begun.
The imperiled St. Mark's Bookshop, which has been on life support because of declining sales and rising rent, has gotten a reprieve.
The East Village store, which has been in business since 1977, last week signed a lease on a new space at 136 East Third Street, near Avenue A. They expect to move in the summer, said Bob Contant, a co-owner.
The reprieve follows the closing last month of the Rizzoli Bookstore on 57th Street and reports that another East Village literary institution, the Shakespeare & Company store on Broadway, might close or move. A representative for Shakespeare would say only that “things are in transition” and that the owners were “in negotiations on what will happen next.”
St. Mark's, which has been selling poetry, obscure critical theory and neighborhood-appropriate literature since 1977, moved from the street that gave it its name to Third Avenue between Eighth and Ninth Streets 21 years ago.
This is Peter Hitchens's Mail on Sunday Column
The giant fraud that is Britain's education system strides ever onwards, messing up many more lives than it improves.
But so many of us –parents, children and teachers – are so deeply implicated in it that we dare not admit the depth, length breadth and height of the folly.
Like ‘National Offer Day' each March, when our viciously selective state secondary schools deny so many children a good education (usually because their parents are poor) , the second half of August is a time of bad news for many.
Not everyone is jumping about and simpering when ‘A' level or GCSE results arrive. A lot of those who do, don't yet know that they have been cheated or are about to be.
I'll be chided for being ‘churlish' for saying this. I don't care. I think illusions, which will later shrivel up into so much crumpled paper, are far crueller than an unwelcome truth told in time.
Perhaps the greatest deception of all is the wild scheme to persuade nearly half of all our young people to go to university. Like that daft advertising slogan ‘exclusively for everyone', the problem is obvious if you think about it. If it's for everyone it's not exclusive. Elites are small. If they're big, they're not elites.
All serious elite institutions, from the great London clubs to the Central Committee of the Soviet Communist Party, have always made sure that most people can't get into them. That's the point.
Last week we learned that the alleged universities which so many children strive to enter give them no benefits. Even the few genuinely elitist colleges cannot any longer guarantee a future for their products. Years later, many thousands of graduates are toiling away at jobs they could have got – and done - without spending three years getting into lifelong debt which will, in many cases never be repaid.
Why do we do this? Why have we, in effect, raised the school-leaving age to 21 for a large chunk of the population? Why, come to that, do we annually import large numbers of qualified nurses and other professionals from poor countries which can't afford to lose them?
Why is almost every unskilled or semi-skilled job in this country now done by Eastern Europeans, when (at the most recent count) the UK has 922,000 young people aged between 16 and 24 who are not in employment, education or training (NEETs)?
As always, there are two possible explanations. One is that our governments know what they are doing and consciously seek to turn this country into a third-world low-wage economy. In which case this stage is simply a transition towards that, designed to soften the blow of youth unemployment and manoeuvre its victims into paying for it by getting into debt.
In that case many of the new ‘universities' will be bulldozed for affordable housing within 20 years, and their degrees will be quaint souvenirs like Russian Tsarist bonds.
The other explanation is that the people who run this country are so stupid that they believe their own propaganda. I wish I could work out which of these was worse, and which was true.
***********
Big Dope is on the verge of success
Open legal sale in this country of one of the most dangerous drugs in human history is now probably only a matter of time,
Big Dope, the billionaire-backed global campaign for this outcome, has captured the minds of much of the media and of the political elite, many of them unrepentant drug abusers during their 1960s days (and often since).
This group is even more cynical than Big Tobacco, which pretended for years that there was no link between cigarettes and lung cancer. At least Big Tobacco had the excuse that they had a business to lose.
But Big Dope wish to create a new multi-billion-pound business – even though the evidence is piling up that their chosen product is linked with lifelong irreversible mental illness.
I find this willingness to profit from human misery breathtaking. And I invite you to remember it each time you see one of these reports, decorated with grandiose names, the latest drivelling that destroying your mind with drugs is a ‘human right'.
What about the human rights of those, often parents, wives, siblings and children of drug abusers, who must take up the dismal task of looking after the pitiful husks which so many drug abusers become?
And, I might add, what about the rights of those who are murdered or injured by the unhinged ultra-violence of cannabis abusers. Yet we will not even investigate this persuasive link.
The latest example is the hideous death of E'Dena Hines, the step-granddaughter of Morgan Freeman. Her alleged killer, who is accused of stabbing her 16 times in a screaming frenzy, is (as I expected he would be as soon as I heard of the crime) a heavy user of the supposedly peaceful drug, cannabis.
Our descendants will wonder if we were ourselves drugged as well as unhinged when, in future times, they mourn and regret our irreversible folly in legalising this dreadful poison. Haven't alcohol and tobacco done enough damage, and made enough profit for cruel and greedy people?
********
Looking the Wrong Way
Personally I think we have heard pretty much all we need to know about the Labour Party leadership election, Far more interesting, but (as usual) far less covered is the revelation that David Cameron's EU ‘renegotiation' really is a blatant fix.
The former Cabinet Minister Andrew Lansley has told select audiences that the whole thing is planned, right down to a fake table-thumping row with the French to make the Prime Minister look like John Bull.
If this got the prominence it deserved, the referendum result might be in some doubt. But most voters will still be unaware of it by the time they come to vote in September. News isn't just what happens. It's what a fairly small group of people decide is news.
******
The Chatterley Delusion
Is there no escape from dramatisations of ‘Lady Chatterley's Lover', quite possibly D.H. Lawrence's worst and most embarrassing book? The BBC are trying to whip up interest by claiming that their new version will be less explicit than the one before.
When will people grasp that the famous prosecution of this indifferent work was an elaborate panto, designed to destroy what was left of our obscenity laws?
Everyone knows the silly quote about letting your wife or servants read it. Nobody knows that there were no prosecution witnesses at all, except a solitary constable confirming that the book had been published. There were 35 defence witnesses. Almost all of them had read the book in uncensored versions, which really wasn't very difficult even in those days. The publishers had printed 200,000 copies of the book before the trial. Most of those who bought it probably never finished it. The fuss is and always was a fake.
One of the major success of PHP is how easily you can deploy PHP applications. Thanks mod_php for that. Python or Ruby requires quite more work even though it's not that painful if your using something like Passenger with Ruby. I'm still looking for a way that I find brilliant. So I played with Paste, Spawning and setuptools to build a very minimalist WSGI application you deploy without any pain using Fabric.
Before we start, you can find the code bellow on GitHub.
First the setup.py file that describe our application:
from setuptools import setup, find_packages setup(name="app", version="0.1", description="example application", long_description="", keywords="", author="Yoan Blanc", author_email="yoan.at.dosimple.ch", url="http://yoan.dosimple.ch/blog/", license='All rights reserved', packages=find_packages(), zip_safe=False, install_requires=[], entry_points={"paste.app_factory": ["main=app:make_app"]}, )
It's all standard except the entry point called paste.app_factory that will be used by Paste to create the WSGI application. For the Djangoist here, Paster acts like your manage.py .
Make the WSGI application itself, into app/__init__.py :
def application(environ, start_response): start_response("200 OK", [("Content-Type", "text/html")]) return ["<h1>Hello World!</h1>"]
And the factory (called make_app inside setup.py ) is required as well in the same file.
def make_app(global_conf, **app_conf): return application
Now, you might be wondering how this make_app is called. Paste works with ini files that decribe your configuration, from the app your using to the database, the server, logs, and so on. It's very handy to replicate the same kind of environment you find when working with Ruby on Rails by having different ini files for each.
So there is the app.ini :
[app:main] use = egg:app [server:main] use = egg:Spawning host = 127.0.0.1 port = 8000 num_processes = 1 threadpool_workers = 1
The first section describes the application to use. It's the egg that setuptools will create and install. That's right, your application is exactily like any other python package. It means dependencies resolution, updates,… And the second part describe which server paster will have to use to run it. Spawning is a very efficient server that handles graceful code reloading. Pure happiness.
Before you can run it using :
$ paster serve app.ini
You'll have to install it.
# python setup.py develop
develop means it symlinks the package to your directory and you won't have to reinstall it later to take into account the changes made.
It should run just perfectly. Now let's worry about deploying it somewhere else. Local web applications are nice but sharing them is cool too.
This is the fabfile.py , Fabric is more or less like Capistrano (Ruby):
from __future__ import with_statement from fabric.api import env, run, put, local, cd env.hosts = ["localhost"] env.path = "~/www/app" def build_egg(): local("python setup.py bdist_egg") def cleanup(): local("rm -rf build") local("rm -rf dist") def start(): with cd(env.path): run("PYTHONPATH=app.egg paster serve app.ini" "--daemon --pid-file=app.pid") def stop(): with cd(env.path): run("paster serve --stop-daemon " "--pid-file=app.pid") def deploy(): build_egg() put("app.ini", env.path) put("dist/*.egg", env.path+"/app.egg") cleanup()
A pythonic Makefile, more or less that has special power to deal with deployment. This how you can use it.
$ fab deploy $ fab start
It created a .egg, uploaded it to the destination and started the Spawning server using Paster. It will run on the port 8080 , to see it on the port 80 I'd use something like Nginx as a proxy. But it's a different story (and very simple by the way).
After you made some changes simple run:
$ fab deploy
to see them live.
$ fab stop
Will stop the server.
How awesome is that?
There is a lot more that can be done regarding how you're playing with the eggs. Using virtualenv to keep multiple, sane environments and maybe your own cheeseshop where all your eggs can live (see Ask's Chishop)
I'm very fresh on that field but am very happy seeing that such good tools exist. Please share your experience, I'm looking forward knowing what kind of process is used in the real word out there to.
Front view of Hamilton House. Photo courtesy of Linda Horodecki.
Continued from Part 1.
Publication
Dr. Hamilton wrote many articles on spiritualism as well as on medical issues, and there were many articles written about him. The next two photographs show an article he had written in Light: A Journal of Psychical, Occult, and Mystical Research , in which he explains the phenomenon of the C.H. Spurgeon image. The first photo shows part of the first page of the article and the second photo shows the lower portion.
Left column - "The mass, attached to Mary M.'s face, had appeared after the medium had been searched and while her hands were being continuously held and had been so held for some time, and while the hands of all present were being held. It had appeared shortly after her head, face, and neck had been re-examined by four witnesses and nothing found thereon and it had been recorded by three cameras." Right column - "The face-form appeared to be alive, or better, to represent or reflect the appearance of an individual who was alive." Date of the article is Friday, October 13, 1933.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Visualization of Soldiers Lost in the War
Sir Oliver Lodge was a notable British physicist whose son Raymond was a soldier who died during the First World War. Lodge was interested in spiritualism, including attempts to contact his son Raymond. This is an enlarged view of the medium, Mary Marshall, with a teleplasmic mass attached to her face and chest that contained formations of the faces of Raymond Lodge and Jack Barnes (also died during WWI) during a séance on October 27, 1929. Raymond Lodge's face can be seen on the right side of the mass.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
A lifetime portrait of Raymond Lodge.
Letters to the Hamiltons
The Hamiltons sent and received many, many letters. One such letter shown in the following paragraph is from bereaved mother Mrs. Jean Rennie. Here are some excerpts: "Last January I wrote you asking you to let me know if my Dorothy came through at any time at any of your séances & I received your reply. I have written many persons concerning this matter... Mrs. Diwock's description of her was excellent. She told me what she was fitted for & what her work is in the spirit world, etc. It has comforted me greatly, for all the impressions I had of her was just the same as the mediums. I felt like writing you as you were kind to answer my letter."
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Five face teleplasm from November 1928 containing images of five individuals, including that of Arthur Hamilton, who had died in 1919.
Photographs of the medium, Mary Marshall, with a teleplasmic mass attached to her face that contained the faces of five spirits during a séance on November 25, 1928, plus photographs of two individuals. Photo caption: "Identification: Upper left, Raymond Lodge's maternal grandfather. Centre: Arthur Hamilton (d. 1919). Right unrecognized. Lower left, B.L.S. Right, David Livingstone." I believe in fact that the lower right photo represents Robert Louis Stevenson. The Hamiltons were great admirers of David Livingstone and Robert Louis Stevenson.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Note describing séance event: "Walter correctly describes L's [perhaps Lillian's] deceased father and brother. On April 14, Walter sees an old gentleman and young man present - see notes. Direct voice giving instructions so that all can hear clearly - we notice he cannot say 'Rs'. Voice fairly loud but hoarse." The séance note is attached to another sheet of paper with the date April 1929.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Séance observer's handwritten notation adjacent to automatic writing - "April 1929 - Arthur Hamilton writes."
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Arthur Hamilton's automatic writing delivered via the medium and interpreted by a séance observer - "we want to tell you that we love you."
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
August 22, 1926. More automatic writing, by a different individual who is identified on the next photo. There has been an attempt to decipher the handwriting:
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Automatic writing - signature of David Livingstone.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Isaac Pitblado and appearance of spirit Lucy. This photograph is especially interesting, as it depicts the spirit Lucy, who appears to be seated in a chair. A modern viewer may wonder - did she have sufficient substance to sit in a chair, and was a chair put in place with the expectation that she would appear? Noted Winnipeg lawyer Isaac Pitblado participated in this séance. In the photo, Mr. Pitblado is controlling the hands of the medium, Mary Marshall, as well as the hands of J.A. Hamilton and W.B. Cooper, during a séance on March 10, 1930, in which the spirit Lucy materialized beside Mrs. Marshall. Lucy had been a nun living in a convent in Ireland and died in her 20s.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
There was a careful method followed for the completion of the séance. For example, in this instance, when the sitting was over, Dr. Creighton outside [the séance room] cut the cord containing his seal and unpadlocked the door whereupon the sitters all filed out and were checked as to number by Dr. Creighton. The men were then immediately inspected by Dr. Creighton and the ladies by Mrs. Creighton. Mr. Pitblado and Dr. TGH then returned to the séance room with W.E. Hobbs, and Mr. Pitblado himself withdrew two plate holders with the exposed film from two of the cameras and took them to the photographic dark room where he and Dr. TGH developed them.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Attendance record of séances May 1928 to May 1935.
The proceedings of each séance were carefully recorded in Séance Registers. There are many such Séance Registers in the Hamilton Family collection and this is a single page sample from 1927, containing detailed information regarding psychic activities. No doubt the RLS notation in this entry refers to Robert Louis Stevenson.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
All séance participants were required to sign affidavits attesting to the facts of the séance and that they did nothing to cause fraudulent séance results. The next two photos show the front and back of the affidavit of Donald B. MacDonald.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Photo taken of Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Dr. Hamilton spoke at many events about his psychic experiments. This is an article from a New York newspaper that resulted from his talk at Carnegie Hall in November 1929 under the auspices of the American Society for Psychical Research.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Daily Sketch article dated October 3, 1932 including information submitted by Dr. Hamilton. He had presented some of his séance findings in London, England during the summer of 1932.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
The next two photographs show a letter dated July 23, 1932 that Lady Conan Doyle wrote inviting Dr. and Mrs. Hamilton to visit her during their time in England. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle was deceased by this time and I have been unable to locate any letters written by him in the Hamilton Family collection.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
The Rt. Hon. William Lyon McKenzie King wrote to the Hamiltons on August 7, 1933 requesting a visit with them while in Winnipeg. He was Prime Minister of Canada off and on from 1921 to 1948 and was the Leader of the Opposition in 1933 when he visited them on August 20, 1933. Although McKenzie King didn't experience a séance, he discussed the psychic work and examined photographs. He recorded in his diary that the Hamilton experiments are "amazing beyond all words" and he believed "absolutely in all that Hamilton and his wife and daughter" had told him. He corresponded with the family for some time afterwards.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Dr. Hamilton's health began to fail under the heavy load of carrying out his practice, lecturing, composing papers, and carrying out twice a week sitting. He contracted influenza and suffered a heart attack and died on April 7, 1935. In explaining the teleplasm phenomenon, he said, "I regard teleplasm as a highly sensitive substance, responsive to other-world energies, and at the same time, visible to us in our physical world. Teleplasm constitutes an intervening substance, enabling transcendental intelligence, by ideoplastic or other unknown processes, to transmit the other-world concept of energy-forms, objective to them, and put them into terms of our world and understanding."
Photo courtesy of Linda Horodecki.
Psychic experiments continued after Dr. Hamilton's death, but in a much smaller scale. Dr. Hamilton himself was visualized during a séance on May 22, 1939 during which a teleplasmic mass containing the faces of Dr. Hamilton and a former romantic interest, Ms. Clelland, materialized above the head of the medium, Mary Marshall. From séance notes: "Medium in trance state: 'Oh, Lillian, I saw Dr. a young man with a pretty young woman who was not you.' Lillian - laughing: 'Oh that is all right - what did she look like?' Mary M. (medium): 'Yes, he knew her. He was once engaged to her. Her name was Lucile. You, Mrs. Hamilton, had nothing to do with the breaking of this engagement. She predeceased him and now he has met her on the other side. You know why the engagement was broken. No one else knows this but you.' "
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
The next photo is a close-up of Dr. Hamilton and Lucile Clelland. Note by Lillian Hamilton: "To say that I was amazed by this revelation is to put it mildly. TGH was engaged to a girl called 'Lucy' and it is true that I had nothing to do with the breaking of this tie. It all happened before I met him. TG spoke of this engagement - once - and that was during our honeymoon. He never again referred to this incident, until now."
Photo taken by Linda Horodecki. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
A photograph of Lucile Clelland. Item from the Hamilton Family collection, Archives & Special Collections, University of Manitoba.
Guest Post Written by Linda Horodecki.
Edited by Laura McKay, on behalf of Heritage Winnipeg Corp.
To follow up on this or any other articles on the blog, contact Heritage Winnipeg's Executive Director.
Like what you see?
To receive email updates from the blog,
George Tiller was shot to death as he walked into Reform Lutheran Church in Wichita, Kansas; 10 a.m. Sunday, May 31, 2009.
Dr. Tiller has been performing abortions since 1973, often for women carrying fetuses so badly damaged that, if carried to term, had no possibility of survival. Some were young adolescents who did not know they were pregnant or had been so ashamed they felt they could tell no one. He was one of a few doctors in the country that women in need of abortions after 20 weeks could go to when their lives and pregnancies were on the line.
Just two short months ago, Tiller could breathe a sigh of relief when he was acquitted of 19 misdemeanors counts stemming from abortions he performed in 2003. Tiller had escaped death in 1993 when he was shot in both arms by anti-abortion extremist Rachelle Shannon (who was sentenced to eleven years in prison for attempted murder). Shannon insisted at her trial that she had done no wrong and, since Dr. Tiller went back to work performing abortions the next day, she would have gone back to the clinic to do whatever she could to stop the murder of the babies.
We do not yet know whether Dr. Tiller's shooter was an anti-abortion extremist, but it is pretty likely. Five abortion providers have been shot to death—all of them by anti-abortion extremists. The last time a provider of abortion services was murdered was in October 1998, when Barnett Slepian was shot and killed in his home near Buffalo, New York. Other murdered providers include two young clinic staff at Preterm in Boston, Shannon Lowney and Leanne Nichols, in 1994; Dr. John Britton in Pensacola, Florida in the same year; and Dr. David Gunn in 1993.
The National Abortion Federation lists other physicians who have been shot and injured either at home or near their clinics between 1994 and 1997. These murders and shootings (as well as hundreds of incidences of fire bombings and violence at abortion clinics) took place in the aftermath of a long campaign by Operation Rescue and its founder Randall Terry, who challenged anti-abortion activists with the rallying cry: “If you believe abortion is murder, act like it.” Terry claimed that he wanted to build a “Christian nation.” He's jumped from conservative denominations several times, either leaving or being thrown out; in 2005 he converted to Catholicism, and met with Pope John Paul II and more recently with Cardinal Burke in Rome.
Now, Terry never killed an abortion provider, but his anti-abortion frame—which includes hypotheticals such as “wouldn't it have been okay to kill Hitler if you knew you could save millions of Jews?”—has certainly been cited as inspiration by others who have. Paul Hill, who murdered Dr. Britton, was an ordained minister in the Presbyterian Church of America (he was excommunicated for his calls to violence on abortion in 1993). Shortly before Michael Griffin shot Dr. Gunn, he attended services at Whitfield Assembly of God church in Pensacola, a congregation that regularly picketed local abortion clinics and was supportive of Terry's admonition to act as you would if you really believed abortion were murder. He asked the congregation to join him in praying for David Gunn's soul, then went out and shot him.
In most cases, after these murders and calls by pro-choice leaders that mainstream anti-abortion leaders stand up and unequivocally condemn such violence, both secular groups and religious bodies issued weak criticism. Helen Alvare, the Catholic Bishops' spokesperson on abortion at the time of Gunn's killing went on ABC's Nightline and defended the Bishops' statement on the killing. The statement compared the violence of murder with the violence of abortion. The only other guest was Paul Hill, who later shot Dr. Britton. Ted Koppel described Paul Hill's advocacy of murdering doctors as raising a “very, very difficult moral question.”
Perhaps the domination of religious discourse in the '80s and '90s by anti-abortion groups like the Christian Coalition, Moral Majority, and US Catholic Bishops has contributed to commentators like Koppel losing their minds and moral compasses.
And many said at the time (this writer included), that when people are treated to an unrelenting barrage of religious claims that abortion is murder, that doctors who perform abortion should be charged with crimes and sent to prison, and when pickets outside clinics pray the rosary and display mangled fetuses on crosses as if they were Jesus Christ himself, some nuts are going to do what Terry suggested and kill the “baby killers.” Perhaps nuts are just nuts and will do what they do whether or not some religious leaders provide a moral frame for immoral acts and others remain silent. Frustration at not getting your way leads people to do and say terrible things.
To a considerable extent, groups like Operation Rescue have become marginal over the last ten years, but in some quarters, murder and abortion are still equated, and in the case of Dr. Tiller (whose name provided an unfortunate rhyming quality), no insult was out of bounds. When Dr. Tiller went on trial in March, Tony Perkins of the Family Research Council headlined his blog “Court Decides fate of Serial Tiller.” And, as control of abortion discourse moves to the moderate center with the President's combined message in favor of women's moral agency and reducing the need for abortion, the far right feels it has lost the moral high ground. In a column on Obama's commencement speech at Notre Dame, Ann Coulter quipped: “How about having the president throw out the ceremonial first fetus like on opening day in baseball.”
With the anti-abortion and anti-family planning administration of George Bush history, and an Obama administration clearly taking an approach that undercuts any effort to talk about abortion itself (focusing instead on preventing unintended pregnancy), we may well see frustrated anti-abortionists take to the streets. The National Abortion Federation has reported that violence at clinics is on the rise.
It is now eleven years since a doctor, clinic escort, or 22-year-old bright-eyed clinic receptionist has been shot and killed. For Dr. Tiller, the violence never subsided. His clinic was regularly picketed; he was harassed with lawsuits organized by anti-abortion groups. It is absolutely amazing that he continued to do his work, to help very desperate and frightened women. Now he is dead, gunned down on his way to church.
Let us hope that no one compares his murder to abortion. In fact, if there is one thing those in the religious community must do to prevent a return to the days when such comparisons were discussable in polite company, it is to make clear that the world's religions do not consider abortion murder.
Dr. Tiller saved women's lives; this is not a debatable point.
NEW YORK (CNN) -- Spiritual leaders of New York's African-American Muslim communities lashed out Friday at a purported al Qaeda message attacking President-elect Barack Obama and, using racist language, comparing him unfavorably to the late Malcolm X.
Ayman al-Zawahiri said Obama was the "direct opposite of honorable black Americans" like Malcolm X.
The imams called the recorded comments from al Qaeda second-in-command Ayman al-Zawahiri "an insult" from people who have "historically been disconnected from the African-American community generally and Muslim African-Americans in particular."
"We find it insulting when anyone speaks for our community instead of giving us the dignity and the honor of speaking for ourselves," they said in a statement read during a news conference at the Malcolm X and Dr. Betty Shabazz Memorial, Educational and Cultural Center.
The al Qaeda statement, an 11-minute, 23-second audio message in Arabic with subtitles in English, appeared on the Internet on Wednesday. Its authenticity has not been confirmed.
The message said Obama represents the "direct opposite of honorable black Americans" like Malcolm X. Watch al Qaeda official criticize Obama »
The speaker also said Obama, former and current Secretaries of State Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice and "your likes" fit Malcolm X's description of "house slaves."
An English translation of the message used the term "house Negroes," Malcolm X's term for blacks who were subservient to whites. The term refers to slaves who worked in white masters' houses. Malcolm X said those slaves were docile compared with those who labored in the fields. iReport.com: Should Obama react to comments?
Don't Miss Al Qaeda leader mocks Obama in Web posting
Malcolm X, the fiery African-American Muslim activist from the 1950s and 1960s, was an early member and leader of the Nation of Islam. He left that group in 1963 over disillusionment with its then-leader, Elijah Muhammed, but remained a Muslim.
After months of death threats, he was assassinated in 1965 by members of the Nation of Islam, who shot him 16 times at close range. The three men who were convicted of the crime have been paroled.
On Friday, Imam Al-Hajj Talib 'Abdur-Rashid, recalling Malcolm X's legacy, said that he "stood for human rights and the principle of self defense ... international law. He would have rejected, and we who are Muslim African-Americans leaders reject, acts of political extremism."
The Council on American-Islamic Relations also condemned Zawahiri's comments in a statement issued Thursday.
"As Muslims and as Americans, we will never let terrorist groups or terror leaders falsely claim to represent us or our faith," the statement said. "We once again repudiate al Qaeda's actions, rhetoric and world view and re-state our condemnation of all forms of terrorism and religious extremism."
All About Barack Obama • Malcolm X • Ayman al-Zawahiri
Image caption Frank Sinatra once described Tony Bennett as "the best singer in the business".
Legendary singer Tony Bennett has become the oldest living performer to score a US number one album, hitting the top spot at the age of 85.
The album Duets II, which features Amy Winehouse, Lady Gaga and Mariah Carey, is also the first US number one of the star's 60-year career.
The crooner, who has won 14 Grammy Awards, rose to fame in the 1950s.
The chart news comes after Bennett caused controversy by suggesting that US action prompted the 9/11 attacks.
In an interview with radio host Howard Stern last week, Bennett said: "Who are the terrorists? Are we the terrorists or are they the terrorists? Two wrongs don't make a right.
"They flew the plane in, but we caused it. We were bombing them and they told us to stop."
He later issued an apology, saying that as a World War II veteran, he was "proud to fight to protect our values".
He added that he believed that "violence begets violence and that war is the lowest form of human behaviour".
"I am sorry if my statements suggested anything other than an expression of my love for my country, my hope for humanity and my desire for peace throughout the world," he added.
Duets II sold 179,000 copies in its first week, according to Billboard magazine.
It includes Amy Winehouse's last recording, on the track Body And Soul.
Last week's number one album, Lady Antebellum's Own the Night, fell to number two, while Adele's 21 dropped to third place.
The Royal Household currently receives £15million a year to keep up the royal residences, including Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle, but needs about an extra £4million a year for the next decade to cover essential works – a rise of almost 30 per cent.
The request for more money for the palaces is likely to be controversial at time of cutbacks in the public sector.
Crucial repairs listed include the refurbishment of St James's Palace – where Prince William and Prince Harry have offices – costing £3million and the renewal of lead and slate roofs at Buckingham Palace and Windsor Castle, which would cost £18.3million. The roof at Windsor Castle covers two acres.
Work on the wiring and heating at Buckingham Palace, including asbestos removal, would be £5.5million, while the removal of lead Victorian water mains at Windsor would cost £4.2million.
The documents also explore “Further opportunities to generate income” which could include selling “non core assets” such as the Hampton Court Mews. Another option would be to charge the Royal Collection for its use of Buckingham Palace for the public opening every summer.
The budget, which covers six palaces, will be reassessed by the Department of Culture, Media and Sport in 2010. The documents were produced by Buckingham Palace as it “endeavoured to prepare a better ‘business case'” for additional funding.
The Royal Household also requested £3 million for “much needed” maintenance work to the Victoria and Albert Mausoleum, where the royal couple are buried at Frogmore House, near Windsor Castle. The mausoleum was added to the English Heritage Buildings at Risk register after part of the roof fell in.
The documents suggest a fund-raising effort specifically raising money for the mausoleum, proposing a £1.5million target.
Around £10million would cover repairs to perimeter gates and railings as well as “stone repairs” to Buckingham Palace. The façade of Buckingham Palace is in such poor repair that pieces of stone have fallen off. One narrowly missed Princess Anne's parked car.
The £44 million does not include cleaning the exterior of Buckingham Palace, nor the refurbishment of its State Rooms. The State Rooms have not been redecorated since the Queen came to the throne in 1952.
A spokesman for Buckingham Palace said: “We have been saying these works are essential, they need to be done and we don't have the funds at the moment.”
MPs on the public accounts committee, which monitors the Queen's finances, have said that if the amount received under “grant in aid” is to rise, they would expect the public to be allowed more access to the palaces.
Richard Bacon, a Conservative MP on the committee, said that if further taxpayer funds were needed, then further access to the palaces should be allowed.
"One thing that struck me is that they spend £200,000 a year on temporary access to Buckingham Palace, which seemed a waste. That is £1million every five years for something that really could be permanent," said Mr Bacon. "The Royal household is alive to the problems and alive to public concerns with the lack of public access."
The Royal household is also seeking to increase the amount the Queen receives under the civil list when the current financial agreement of £7.9million runs out in December.
It would be the first increase above the rate of inflation in almost two decades. In recent years, the Queen has drawn on her personal income to subsidise the rest of the Royal family.
Last year, the Royal family cost 69p per person in the country or £41.5 million.
Speaking of stealing Christmas ...
Two days after First Baptist Church of Dallas pastor Robert Jeffress debuted his Grinch Alert website -- because he will "not bow to the strident voices of a minority who object to the holiday" -- he went on CNN's American Morning to discuss the naughty-or-nice list with host John Roberts. The video follows, and in it Jeffress says of the site's moniker: "When Dr. Seuss wrote his book, it wasn't How the Grinch Stole Hanukkah or Kwanzaa or some generic happy holiday." Sure, but look what I found. A day too late too. Damn it.
Update at 11:35 a.m.: Media Matters wonders this morning: "Why is the media giving a platform to pastor with history of inflammatory rhetoric?" Then it catalogs the pastor's "long history of inflammatory attacks on gays, Muslims, Mormons, and Hindus." And: It includes his appearance this morning on FOX News with none other than former KXAS'er Gretchen Carlson ... or, as Jon Stewart called her Monday, The Gretch Who Saved the War on Christmas. The circle is now complete.
The town of Delta Junction is located about 100 miles south of Fairbanks, Alaska. The Big Delta is located at the intersection of the Delta and Tanana Rivers. Delta Junction is technically the end of the Alaska Highway. Delta Junction, Alaska has a very small population of just under 1000. This is very small for the Lower 48 but in Alaska you might as well call it a city. The reason its called Delta Junction is because in World War II the Americans helped support the Soviet Union with weapons, airplanes, and supplies into the Far East of Russia. In order for this to happen, they Alaska Highway was built from an existing road in Dawson Creek, British Columbia with the Richardson Highway in Alaska which almost equaled 1,500 miles.
Population: 958
Elevation: 1,158ft (353m)
Website: www.ci.delta-junction.ak.us
News: DeltaNewsWeb.com
Things to Do
Places to Stay
Food
Sean Hannity took a little time off from “campaigning” for Donald Trump on Thursday to speculate on Hillary Clinton's health — which, to be fair, many people in and out of the media have also done for several years.
Actually, Hannity spent the entire week conducting an “investigation” into Hillary's health — with the assistance of the “Fox News Medical A-Team,” but I digress.
On Thursday, he offered “proof” that Hillary might have suffered a seizure in June after being asked by a reporter whether she was considering Elizabeth Warren as a running mate. Here's a clip:
Clinton, seemingly startled by us reporters, says "try the cold Chai" when asked if she discussed VPs with Warren. pic.twitter.com/oiCD5hoE0h — Hannah Chanpong (@hannahfc) June 10, 2016
Part of Hannity's “proof”? “The reporter [who witnessed Hillary's reaction to the question] got scared”:
Hannity now insisting that @llerer "got scared" by Hillary's goofy head bob. I doubt he's asked her… https://t.co/T8u9iVtxmT — Dave Weigel (@daveweigel) August 12, 2016
That reporter — Lisa Lerer, National Politics Reporter with the Associated Press — flatly denies the charge:
Seemingly as "proof" @seanhannity said: "The reporter got scared." Fox didn't call. For the record, I wasn't scared. https://t.co/rJUYSz6997 — Lisa Lerer (@llerer) August 12, 2016
In an article titled “Video proves Clinton suffering seizures? Not so, I was there,” Lerer further refuted Hannity's claim:
The conservative Fox News host Sean Hannity opened a 6-minute Thursday night segment titled “Hillary's Health” by saying, “as speculation swirls about Hillary Clinton's health,” citing a headline from the right-wing news site Drudge Report. Hannity repeatedly played the muffin shop footage, describing what Clinton was doing as “this sort of twitching thing that she does in front of reporters that was really bad” and then as “a violent, violent, repetitive jerking of the head.” Seemingly as “proof” that something was amiss with Clinton, Hannity exclaimed: “Watch the reporter, like, pull back as she — the reporter got scared. And she keeps doing it. What is that?” Fox News never contacted me to ask that question. For the record, I wasn't scared for a moment.
In July, Hillary's longtime physician released a two-page summary of her health records, declaring her to be “in excellent physical condition and fit to serve as President of the United States.”
But Dr. Ben Carson, a Trump supporter and one of the top neurosurgeons in the country before his retirement, told Hannity on Thursday it's “critical” that Hillary release her full health records prior to the election.
A year ago, in the final stretch of the U.S. election campaign, I would find myself in New York or Los Angeles or points in between and asked for my thoughts on who would win. I usually answered “John McCain,” more in hope than expectation: I've no use for the soi-disant “maverick,” who was a catastrophic candidate, but in those heady days between Sarah Palin's boffo convention speech and McCain's characteristically inept response to the economic meltdown there was briefly a faint chance that the Alaskan governor might yet save the Republican party from its rendezvous with destiny.
And at that point the worldly liberal Democrat who had sought my views would nod thoughtfully and agree: yes, McCain would win. Not because of Sarah Palin. But because Americans were too racist to stomach the thought of a black man in the White House.
I never reckoned much to this argument. If you spent 20 minutes on the campaign trail almost anywhere, it seemed clear that many voters felt the first 43 chief executives did not reflect the rich tapestry of the American community and were panting to cross “Vote for a black president” off their to-do list. On the morning of Nov. 5, I thought about all those Democrats so convinced of their fellow Americans' ingrained racism. As my comrade Victor Davis Hanson put it, we conservatives were wrong about the election results, but those liberals were wrong about their country. Which you would think might prove chastening.
But apparently not. We are now eight months into the 44th presidency. The Obamessiah has come down to earth. He's now just another 50/50 president, his approval ratings having fallen further faster (according to some polls) than any occupant of the Oval Office since Truman. The obvious explanation for this would seem to be his ambitious, expensive, transformative and radical agenda: the governmentalization of health care, cap-and-trade environmental legislation, the federal takeover of the automobile industry, the gazillion-dollar flopperoo of the non-stimulating “stimulus,” more debt, more deficits, more taxes, more regulation, more government, everywhere you turn. This would be a tough sell for even the smoothest pitchman.
But sometimes the obvious explanation is too obvious. Those “tea party” protests? “This is about hating a black man in the White House,” explained the eminent thinker Janeane Garofalo. “The only thing missing is a noose,” huffed L.A. Weekly about a poster showing Obama as the Joker. It turned out to be the work of a left-wing Palestinian from Chicago, but why get hung up on details? If you oppose the massive expansion of government and multi-trillion-dollar expenditures, you're a racist.
The other day, President Obama gave a speech to Congress on health care, and, in response to a more or less routine bit of dissembling, a Republican representative called Joe Wilson yelled out “You lie!” Because the President's speech was a dud, the Democrat-media complex decided to divert attention to the no-name congressman's outrageous ejaculation and give it the old flood-the-zone treatment. Maureen Dowd, the elderly schoolgirl at the New York Times, weighed in:
“Surrounded by middle-aged white guys—a sepia snapshot of the days when such pols ran Washington like their own men's club—Joe Wilson yelled ‘You lie!' at a president who didn't.
“But, fair or not, what I heard was an unspoken word in the air: You lie, boy!”
“Boy”? Why, yes. Like some bull-necked plantation overseer from the even-more-sepia snapshot days, Mistuh Wilson was teaching that uppity Nigra a lesson he wouldn't forget.
I suppose it's possible that opposition to the federal government's annexation of one-sixth of the U.S. economy is being driven by nostalgia for segregated lunch counters. And no doubt, if you write for the New York Times or teach race and gender studies at American colleges for long enough, it seems entirely reasonable, listening to a patient profess satisfaction with her present health insurance arrangements, to respond, “You know, if you re-sewed the back of that hospital gown so your ass wasn't showing, your Klan sheet would be as good as new.”
Thus, Melissa Harris-Lacewell, professor of African-American studies at Princeton, was invited on to National Public Radio to expound on the use of “racial code words” in “the current opposition to health care reform.” For example, explained professor Harris-Lacewell, “language of personal responsibility is often a code language used against poor and minority communities.”
“Personal responsibility” is racial code language? Phew, thank goodness America is belatedly joining Canada and Europe in all but abolishing the concept.
“Code language” is code language for “total bollocks.” “Code word” is a code word for “I'm inventing what you really meant to say because the actual quote doesn't quite do the job for me.” “Small government”? Racist code words! “Non-confiscatory taxes”? Likewise. “Individual liberty”? Don't even go there! To an incisive NPR racism analyst, the elderly gentleman telling his congressman “I'm very concerned by what I've heard about wait times for MRIs in Canada” is really saying “I'm unable to overcome my deep-seated racial anxieties about the sexual prowess of black males, especially now they're giving prime-time press conferences every night.” With interpreters like professor Harris-Lacewell on the prowl, I'm confident 95 per cent of Webster's will eventually be ruled “code language.”
My colleague at America's National Review, Jonah Goldberg, proposed a simple thought experiment: suppose Hillary Clinton had won the election and proposed the current health care reforms. Does anyone doubt that conservatives would be equally opposed to it? Would that, too, be “racist”? A reader wrote back: no, if they were opposing Hillary's health plan, they'd be sexist. Er, okay, how about John Edwards? Would opposing his health care reforms be oleaginous trial-lawyer creepy adulterer-phobic?
After being interviewed on TV about my own antipathy to the Democrats' reforms, I received an email from a (white) lady in New York who said that, if only I were to agree to a course of treatment, I'd soon realize that my opposition to Obamacare stemmed from submerged racial paranoia rooted in “fear of the Other.” Actually, I've been opposed to government health care my entire adult life, and wherever I've been on the receiving end of it: in Canada, medicare was introduced by a bunch of pasty white guys; in Britain, by a bunch of pasty white blokes; in Bulgaria (where I had the misfortune to be treated for a torn ligament), by a bunch of Commies monobrowed Slavs. Okay, that last one is racist. But you get my point: no black males were involved in my deep-seated racial paranoia about government health care.
As to “fear of the Other,” once upon a time “the Other” was a relatively sophisticated Hegelian concept. Now it's the feeblest trope from Social Psychology For Dummies. “Fear of the Other” can be hung around the neck of anyone who disagrees with you—because they don't really “disagree” with you, do they? They just have a kind of mental illness, so you don't have to bother responding to their arguments about cancer survival rates in Scotland or elective surgery cuts in British Columbia. Indeed, under Obamacare, you'll soon be able to be treated for your fear of the Other: just lie down on this gurney, one quick jab, you won't feel a thing.
The surest sign you're suffering from “fear of the Other” is the reflexive urge to attribute it to anyone who disagrees with you: indeed, the people who most seem to fear “the Other” are those ever more fevered in their insistence that opposition to Democrat policies is nothing to do with the policies. The tea party protesters are not merely “racists” and “Nazis” but also “teabaggers,” a designation applied to them by CNN's Anderson Cooper, the voice of the people and Gloria Vanderbilt's son. “Teabagging” is apparently a sexual term for dunking the scrotum hither and yon as if it were a sachet of Lapsang Souchong. Not being as expert in this field of study as CNN anchormen, I am unclear as to whether the teabagger is the chap dangling the scrotal sac or the lucky recipient. But, in considering the ease with which its political application spread through the media, one is struck by the strangely fierce need of Mr. Cooper and his fellow journalists not merely to report on the protesters but to sneer at them.
For the record, I have no irrational “fear of the Other.” Rather, I have a deep-rooted fear of the Same. There is nothing new about what the Democrats are doing. These policies are the same old that the Euro-Canadian social democratic state has lived with for two generations. I'm in the mood for something new, but, alas, the Obama administration seems to recoil from the Other. I'd say that, in his enthusiasm for the cobwebbed pieties of postwar Euro-statism, Barack Obama seems more like the first Scandinavian in the White House. But no doubt that's racist, too.
Posted by Steve Roos in on 3:48 PM
By Joelyn HansenLast week Idaho Falls high school students learned about the effects of teen drunk driving.Teens were randomly pulled from their classroom and were treated like they were dead. They were isolated and were allowed no contact with the outside world.The week culminated with a mock DUI crash. Students watched as firefighters rapidly extricated victims from the wreckage as they tore apart cars. As a former journalist that covered multiple drunk driving accidents, the scenerio was as real as any real-life crash.As I stood watching this mock DUI crash, I looked across at the many students standing on the sidewalk and wondered, "will this moment impact their decisions?" I certainly hope it does.Back when I was in high school, a student was killed in a drunk driving accident after he was violently ejected from the car he was driving. He and another teen both left a party drunk and decided to borrow a friend's car for a joy ride. Speed, road conditions and his impaired abilities dangerously mixed causing the fatal crash.In the days following this young man's death, fellow students made a make-shift memorial at the crash location, among the articles left in rememberance was a stack of beer cans. His friends said, "that's how he would have wanted to die."I imagine that that young man would have said differently and given a second chance would rather have made a different decision on that fateful night. I imagine that he would rather be living and experiencing life then buried 6-feet under.I also imagine that the friend, who leant him the car, would have rethought giving him the keys to the car. The guilt he must carry now in his adulthood.I hope teens every where understand the lasting affects of drunk driving, or even drinking underage. I hope teens let their desire live affect their decisions to engage in risky behavior.
First there was Charlie Sheen. Then there was Justin Bieber. Now, Comedy Central has tapped veteran actor Rob Lowe as its next network "roastee."
The Viacom-owned network is set to tape the special in Los Angeles and air it later this year. There's no word yet on a roastmaster, nor is there a sense of who will come forward to poke fun at the actor whose career began as a teen heartthrob in such movies as The Outsiders and St. Elmo's Fire. In the decades since, he's starred in such TV series as The West Wing, Brothers & Sisters, Parks & Recreation and, most recently, Fox's short-lived comedy The Grinder.
“Rob Lowe is handsome, talented, successful and handsome. He needs to be roasted,” Comedy Central president Kent Alterman said Thursday in a statement, with Lowe adding: “What a thrill to once again be following in Justin Bieber's footsteps. I look forward to a night of hilarious jokes recycled from the James Franco Roast. I would like to express my gratitude to the members of my family who have passed away and therefore will not have to endure what promises to be a very special evening.”
Though an unconventional choice, Lowe is famously willing to riff on the more entertaining chapters of his own past, as he has done in multiple books. His sobriety, sex tape and "ingenue" years are all topics he's willingly addressed publicly, and all likely will come up during the roast. In fact, on a recent Hollywood Reporter comedy actor roundtable, it was Lowe who was most willing to dish on the more absurd chapters of his own past.
Before dawn on November 9, 1863, a small boat passed down the Savannah River to Fort Pulaski, where it's crew surrendered to the Federals. Lieutenant-Commander Andrew W. Johnson of the USS Unadilla reported:
This morning, about 3 a.m., the crew of a boat belonging to the rebel ram Savannah, doing picket duty near the obstructions in that river, succeeded in securing as prisoner an acting master's made (Samuel A. Brockington, of Georgia), in charge of the boat, and effecting their escape to Fort Pulaski, where they have been cared for by the commanding officer, and will be sent tomorrow to the provost-marshal of the detachment. Their names are Robert Andrews, of Greenock, Scotland; Richard May, of Providence, R.I.; Thomas Brandt, of … Denmark; Robert Conner, of Belfast, Ireland….
Johnson went on to provide details gleaned from interrogation of these deserters about the Confederate warships in Savannah. In addition the deserters mentioned “the great destitution of the people remaining in Savannah (of whom a number are foreign residents).” Johnson also noted, “They also testify to the existence of a Union sentiment among the working classes, which they dare not express in public.”
Five days later, Lieutenant-Commander Stephen B. Luce, of the USS Nantucket, picked up four deserters in the Wilmington River, southeast of Savannah. The deserters were from the Confederate battery at Thunderbolt, just upstream. Commander Aaron K. Hughes, the senior officer on the blockade of Savannah, reported:
Their names are John Vine and Asa Draper, natives of the State of New York; Lewis A. Dreyer, a native of Maryland; and Matthais Popper, a native of Bohemia.
Likewise, the deserters offered information about the Rebel ironclads defending Savannah, and more about the fortifications.
Normally I'd focus on the details of the ironclads and the forts, as the deserters mention specific caliber guns and other particulars. But in this case, consider the origin of these men. All are either foreign born or from northern states. Robert Conner, who deserted on November 8, originally enlisted in Company C, 22nd Georgia Heavy Artillery Battalion. According to his accession card, Conner enlisted on May 14, 1862:
A year later, he transferred to the Confederate Navy. Records indicated only days before he deserted, he'd received $5.84 in clothing, $1.70 in sundries, and $6 in cash. He left his mark – a small “x” – on his combined October – November issue receipt.
Note the label “Deserted” on the upper right.
Confederate officials focused their inquires at the causes for these desertions. The inquires cleared Brockington of complicity with the November 8 desertions, blaming it on “foreigners, chiefly Irish.” Flag-Officer William Hunter went on to complain about the use of foreign sailors in general:
I find that no reliance whatever can be placed on the shipped men of foreign birth who are in this squadron. Without an exception, all the men who have been and are being tried by the naval court-martial here for mutinous conduct are Irish and English. As I feel assured that these men would prove very detrimental and dangerous to our cause, either in the squadron or at large, I deem this fact is worthy the consideration of the revising power when the record of their cases is presented.
Moving forward, Confederate authorities vowed to use caution with the selection of men and officers posted to picket duty in the Savannah area. Of course, desertions were not unique to that area… nor to one particular side in the war.
(Citations from ORN, Series I, Volume 15 pages 105, 108, and 112)
Advertisements
A frequent Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM caller, Eric from Pennsylvania, told host Alex Marlow on Thursday, “I'm actually moving out of the country, Alex,” adding that he's relocating “overseas to live” because of frustration with Washington's failure to pass President Trump's agenda.
He said he was at polling stations in Pennsylvania on Tuesday and “didn't hear anything about health care.” He added, “I heard three topics. The first one was the Congress, the Senate, and the House – a lot of complaints about them messing around with the Trump agenda.”
“The second thing I heard was about Jeff Sessions,” he continued, “and not taking care of corruption. You've got to remember Trump hammered that hard when he ran for president. He named everyone: Bergdahl, Hillary, you name it, Lois Lerner – he named all of them.” Eric seemed frustrated that some have not been prosecuted.
He said the third thing he heard about most was that people's children still cannot find jobs in central Pennsylvania. “We keep hearing how great the economy is. We're not feeling it in central Pennsylvania,” said Eric.
“I'm really concerned about what's going on with the President Trump administration. I feel they're out of touch,” he added.
The seven-minute phone call can be heard below.
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
Feminists should be celebrating the election of Donald Trump. What Trump did this election cycle should be every feminist's dream – he ran against a female candidate and treated her like he would have treated any man he'd run against. After all, that is the goal, right?
He displayed breathtaking courage in refusing to tiptoe around Hillary Clinton's shortcoming and failures. He did not fear calling her out for them simply because she uses a toilet sitting down. No, he treated her as an equal and called her out on every single scandal and so much more.
Trump's bravery should ring throughout the political left as a model to be taught in textbooks. Who else could have gone against her and not felt compelled to pull a few punches against a potentially historic candidate?
Feminists should rank Donald Trump up there with Gloria Steinem and Betty Freidan as a hero to the cause. Moving forward, they should demand other male candidates running against women call them out when they lie; insist their corruption be called such.
Ultimately, feminists should require candidates to reject the idea of supporting policies based on genitalia. If the goal is to be treated as a full equal, then no one personified that goal quite like Donald Trump.
Surely op-eds and books will be forthcoming on this important topic, but I felt compelled to offer my congratulations to both first.
Donald Trump, you are a feminists' feminist.
And feminists, cheers to you for achieving the goal you were denied in 2008 with the media's treatment of Sarah Palin. The 2016 election has vindicated your strategy of selective silence when conservative women were unjustly smeared or Bill Clinton's women saw their lives destroyed. I personally apologize for questioning your sincerity on those matters, having witnessed your ultimate triumph here. Again, kudos.
Donald Trump not only has proven himself to be the ultimate feminist, he could be the greatest champion of free speech since Thomas Jefferson.
As mutants take to the streets chanting “Not My President,” which was deemed to be racist until just Tuesday, it's important to thank Donald Trump for that too. He has removed the stigma attached to disagreeing with the policies of a president that has gripped this nation for eight years.
Dissent was fashionable, even required, less than a decade ago. Then something happened, something mysterious. It was as if we went to bed one day with progressives chanting that dissent was the highest form of patriotism, then woke up the next with the same people calling us racists and telling us to shut up for simply following their lead.
Now, cries of “NAZI!” and charges of racism will get you bookings on CNN or a show on MSNBC. Free speech is once again cheered, and we have Donald Trump to thank for it.
I have to admit, I didn't see this one coming. The progressive language police had me convinced some things were across the line and shouldn't be said.
Now, thanks to the election of Donald Trump, the same people screaming “racist,” “sexist,” “homophobe,” Islamophobe,” and much more at those who dared dissent now enjoy the protective cocoon of progressives willing to stand up, in public, and be everything conservatives were falsely accused of being these last eight years.
Thank you, brave progressives, for demanding the removal of speech code shackles.
I apologize for thinking you were hypocrites when you tried to silence principled policy disagreements with threats and slander toward conservatives. Your courage to take to the streets since Tuesday and engage in the very activities we were accused of has opened my eyes to the fact you were only waiting for the right moment to pounce.
It is refreshing to live, once again, in a nation where disagreement with the party in power is not only tolerated but celebrated by the media. Again, a debt of gratitude is owed to your for your courage and strategy.
Of course, this is all a joke. Progressive are the very hypocrites they've always been. They celebrate only the rights they like when they suit their needs and will do anything to deny those rights to anyone who disagrees with them. Feminists did want people to vote for Hillary Clinton because of which bathroom she used. She did too – it was part of her stump speech.
The next few months, to say nothing of the next few years, are going to be filled with outrage ginned up by a well-funded machine, oiled by professional protesters, designed to destroy the Constitution and anyone who holds it in high esteem. Watch for it, call it out, mock it mercilessly. Don't try to silence them; amplify them. Republicans won the White House and Congress not in spite of them, but in no small measure because of them.
It's important to remind people not only of what they voted for, but what they voted against too.
Homosexual protesters are planning to gather at a conference in London tomorrow featuring a therapist who helps men struggling with same-sex attraction.
Activist groups say Dr Joseph Nicolosi's therapy is “dangerous”, arguing that the conference is giving a platform to “homophobic” ideas.
Listen to Dr Nicolosi discussinghis approach
Many advocates of ‘gay rights' legislation argue that homosexuality is fixed, like race, rather than a changeable characteristic. However, other homosexuals have insisted it is a choice.
Dr Nicolosi will speak at a two-day conference, organised by Christian groups Anglican Mainstream and CARE, which will have “a special focus on how religious professionals and friends/relatives can respond biblically and pastorally to those struggling with unwanted SSA (same-sex attraction)”.
Dr Nicolosi told the BBC his approach focuses on men's “sense of self, self-esteem, relational issues, attachment issues, intimacy issues” rather than homosexual activity itself.
However, he says, by addressing these deeper issues many men find a “diminishment in their homosexual temptations” and “an increase in their attraction towards women”. Around two in three men change their sexual orientation as a result of the therapy, he says.
Dr Nicolosi said he has “a great deal of evidence showing that these individuals are not harmed and that the therapy does work”, which he hopes will be accepted by the American Psychiatric Association (APA).
He refuted claims that the APA did not accept that sexual orientation could change, saying that although they are “cautious” they do not dismiss the evidence “out of hand”.
The UK's Royal College of Psychiatrists, however, said: “There is no sound scientific evidence that sexual orientation can be changed.
“Furthermore, so-called treatments of homosexuality create a setting in which prejudice and discrimination can flourish.”
But earlier this year a survey of over 1,400 mental health professionals found that 17 per cent had assisted at least one client to reduce or change his or her feelings for members of the same sex.
Last year DUP MP Iris Robinson faced a barrage of criticism after she mentioned the possibility of therapy to help people with unwanted homosexual feelings.
The Bishop of Chester was investigated by the Cheshire constabulary in November 2003 after he told his local newspaper of research showing that some homosexuals re-orientated to heterosexuality. The police passed a file to the Crown Prosecution Service who decided not to prosecute.
The Church of England has officially distanced itself from tomorrow's conference, where around 150 protesters are so far expected to gather, but Anglican Mainstream say Dr Nicolosi's approach needs to be made known.
A spokesperson for the Lesbian and Gay Foundation said: “It is worrying to hear of this conference aimed at promoting such a deplorable and dangerous approach to therapy, and giving a platform to homophobic ideas.”
However, Dr Nicolosi told the BBC: “It's easy to stereotype this kind of therapy as we're forcing them to do this behaviour or that behaviour; it's not about the behaviour it's about attachment, it's about making that emotional bonding, feeling like you're a man, feeling like you're one of the men, and feeling accepted by them, and that seems to diminish the homosexual desire.”
He added: “We're working with them fundamentally – it's not about behaviour, it's not about self-control or directing their temptations, it's not about that at all.
“These individuals actually experience a diminishment in their homosexual temptations, and they experience an increase in their attraction towards women.”
Cache County Sheriff's Office
UPDATE: The search for Kyle Burton has been scaled back until more information or evidence is discovered, according to the Cache County Sheriff office. This decision comes after search efforts over the weekend that included help from Search and Rescue, DPS and ground teams.
CACHE COUNTY (ABC4 Utah)- A search was held Saturday in Logan for a missing teen from Wyoming who was last seen in Logan walking away from a family member's home.
The search was conducted by the Cache County Sheriff's Office for 18-year-old Kyle Burton. Those involved in the search were asked to go door to door and ask a series of questions and show photos of Burton in hopes someone would recognize him or know where he is.
So far, there hasn't been any updates to his whereabouts.
Police and family are asking the public to keep an eye out for the teen who was last seen in the River Heights area around 10 p.m. Wednesday. Burton, from Lovell, Wyo., had been staying their for several weeks.
Police tell ABC4 he left the home without a coat or phone. He was possibly wearing a red t-shirt, shorts, or blue jeans, and black Adidas shoes. He is Caucasian with blue eyes and brown hair. Police describe his as "husky" and say he is about 5'10" and 210 pounds. He has a scar from surgery on his left knee.
Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Family say Burton likes hiking in local canyons and is known to frequent the outdoors.
If you see him call the Det. Brian Groves with the Cache County Sheriff's Office at 435-755-1146 or dispatch at 435-753-7555. Reference case #17-C10825.
In a stunning example of internet censorship, famous YouTuber and Anita Sarkeesian critic, Dr. Phil Mason, otherwise known by his YouTube handle Thunderf00t, has had his Twitter account suspended for alleged harassment.
Dr. Mason has been, perhaps, the most effective and vocal critics of Sarkeesian who has made a fortune lambasting the gaming industry as being misogynistic and perpetuating “tropes” concerning women and femininity. Recently, she has claimed to have been the victim of death threats-claims her critics say may be contrived.
Dr. Mason has never, in any of his videos, threatened Sarkeesian or expressed any wish to see her harmed in any way. He points out in his latest video regarding his suspension from Twitter that having exposed herself to the the free market of ideas she should expect criticism.
“You try the open marketplace of ideas and when you roundly get your ass handed to you in the open marketplace of ideas, you try to shift the goal post” said Dr. Mason of the suspension.
Quoting Tyrion Lannister, a character from the popular HBO series “Game of Thrones,” Dr. Mason said: “When you tear out a man's tongue, you are not proving him a liar, you are only telling the world that you fear what he might say.”
*Update* It is official, Sarkeesian and co. are directly implicated:
Katie Fehrenbacher for Fortune magazine:
Financial giant Goldman Sachs, which plans to invest a massive $150 billion into clean energy projects and technology over the next decade, is already having a major impact on solar and wind companies, green job numbers, and the environment.
According to a new report that the bank released on Thursday morning, the company's $41 billion in clean energy investments have already helped grow 89 companies, generated 31 gigawatts of clean energy, employed more than 129,000 people, and created $34 billion in revenue just last year.
Goldman Sachs has long been bullish in clean energy investing, even when it wasn't fashionable.
The bank funds both clean energy projects, like sprawling solar and wind farms, energy efficiency projects like building upgrades, new power grid infrastructure, and equity investments in various types of clean energy companies.
Kyung-Ah Park, Goldman Sachs' managing director and head of the environmental markets group, said at Fortune's Brainstorm E conference last year that the renewable energy sector has hit “an inflection point,” where more renewable energy systems were installed last year than conventional systems. The transformation to new energy technologies is still in the “early innings of an economy wide transition,” said Park at the event.
The bank's large investments have been global and wide-ranging. The company has invested in big wind farms in Mexico and Texas, as well as solar panels across rooftops in the U.S., and it has led other financial transactions for solar firms in Japan and wind companies in Peru.
Because of the bank's international size and scope, it can focus on hot clean energy markets when they emerge, getting in at the right time to generate a profit, and pulling back on regions if they face regulatory or financial uncertainty. For example, if one particular country's clean energy incentives quickly change, the bank has funded projects and companies in other, still thriving markets.
At times, the company's clean energy investments have made Goldman so much money, it's caused controversy. Goldman Sachs invested in Danish utility Dong Energy, which is the largest offshore wind developer in the world that held an IPO this summer. The bank made such a large return off of the two-year investment that Danish protesters accused the original deal of being under-valued.
The Huge Impact Goldman Sachs' Billions Are Having on Clean Energy
Living in a warming ocean won't just be uncomfortably hot for marine animals, it's also likely to suffocate them.
According to a newly published study in the journal Science, the combined stresses of rising ocean temperatures and the resulting drop in oxygen levels will put too much physiological strain on marine animals living closer to the equator.
As water temperatures rise, the animal's metabolism speeds up, increasing the demand for more oxygen. At the same time, the rising temperatures reduce the amount of oxygen that the upper ocean can hold, so the concentration of the gas will go down, said Curtis Deutsch, the study's lead author and an associate professor in the School of Oceanography at the University of Washington, Seattle.
“Put these two things together and it's kind of a double whammy,” he said.
As a result, many species will see their ranges become smaller, especially close to the equator. In order to survive, a number of species may move closer to the poles, though there is no guarantee these new habitats will be hospitable, the researchers said.
Other factors like cold intolerance, ocean acidification and pollution will also play a role in species survival, according to the study.
Deutsch and his colleagues based their conclusions on an integrated analysis of global ocean temperature and oxygen data, combined with metabolic research from over a dozen different species.
In order to compare how species ranges corresponded with current oxygen levels and the species oxygen demands, the researchers created a global metabolic index (the ratio of oxygen supply to the resting metabolic demand). They focused on four species in the Atlantic Ocean—cod, rock crabs, sea bream and eelpout—because they had the most available data, according to Deutsch.
The researchers discovered that like most terrestrial animals, marine species such as fish can only live in areas where they have two to five times more oxygen than what they need when they are inactive. This ensures that when the fish's activity increases, like when swimming away from a predator, there will be enough oxygen available to allow it to get away.
“What we found was that at the edge of their range, on the southern side toward the equator, these areas coincided with the areas where oxygen was insufficient to enable their energy needs,” said Deutsch. “What this means is oxygen limitation is a real constraint on where [species] can live.”
A ‘universal' breathing requirement
The results are significant because they constitute the first time that researchers have shown that both marine and terrestrial animals require roughly the same amount of oxygen availability to survive, according to Deutsch.
“It means there's something universal about the amount of energy organisms need,” Deutsch said.
Based on existing estimates of ocean temperature increases and oxygen loss over the course of the century, the researchers predicted that the amount of available oxygen relative to metabolic demand is likely to go down by 20 percent globally and by approximately 50 percent in high-latitude regions.
However, that doesn't necessarily mean habitats will be smaller, according to Brad Seibel, the study's co-author and an associate professor in the Biological Sciences Department at the University of Rhode Island.
“We expected the greatest habitat losses near the tropics, where species are already living near their critical metabolic index. In the tropics, oxygen demand is high due to high temperature and supply is low due to low solubility among other factors. Tropical species don't have much metabolic index to lose,” Seibel wrote in an email.
He cautioned that more research is needed on other species and in other habitats to back up the findings. The researchers plan to extend their research to include gelatinous organisms and very small species that form a critical part of the food web over the next several years.
David Johnson, an assistant professor at the Virginia Institute of Marine Science, who was not involved with the study, described the research as compelling.
“We often are concerned with direct temperature effects on aquatic animals, but this study shows us that we should also be concerned with loss of oxygen in the water. And that as the waters warm, species may move towards the cooler, oxygen rich waters of the poles,” he wrote in an email.
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC. www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
Polish CBD producers and sellers are reacting swiftly to an opinion from the country's federal Chief Sanitary Inspectorate (GIS) that could put domestic sales of their food and health supplements in jeopardy. The opinion, directed at regional and local sanitary inspectors, is only advisory in nature.
At issue is a letter sent out from GIS to regional and local sanitary inspectors that identifies CBD products, present in food and dietary supplements, as “novel foods” which require a license to introduce to the market. Technically, the advisory from the federal level has no legal weight in Poland but rather serves to guide local inspectors, who carry out on-the-ground enforcement of sanitary and food rules — which could include removing CBD food and supplement products from retail shops.
Responsibility is local
“Under the food safety law, it's not the decision of the federal government to actually remove a product. They have issued their opinion,” one Polish producer told HempToday. “It's the authority of the local sanitary inspector” to enforce any rules triggered by the GIS advisory.
Meanwhile, CBD products in Poland continue to be available to the public. “GIS has not blocked the sales of any CBD products. We are in the middle of discussions with them,” another producer said. “We provided proof that hemp flowers were used in food before 1997 together with European commission papers saying that,” he added. Foods commonly available in Europe before 1997 are not considered “novel foods” and are therefore exempt from that form of licensing.
CBD producers and proponents had been hopeful in January when the issue of CBD was not addressed during a parliamentary commission meeting. THC levels relevant to hemp-based food also was not a topic, sources reported to HempToday, implying tacit approval for those products.
Ominous signals
Signals began changing early this year when GIS blocked the registration and sales of a CBD product from one Polish firm. At the time, other Polish producers of CBD, sold on the domestic market as a dietary supplement, didn't fear any kind of crackdown.
There were as many as 80 total CBD products from a range of Polish and foreign companies already at some stage in the GIS registration regime when GIS started the notification process. One of those is from Poland's Institute of Natural Fibres (IWNiRZ), which reports directly to the government via the Ministry of Agriculture; it has continued to produce and sell its Hemp Element brand of hemp oil drops in conjunction with Warsaw-based Hemp Medicals, with distribution via apothecaries.
CBD stakeholders in Poland stress that GIS is wrong in considering CBD and CBD supplements as novel food. Under rules governing novel foods, a license is required to introduce the product to the marketplace. But Polish CBD producers and sellers note the European Union as early as 1997 declared hemp and hemp extracts to be foodstuffs, exempting them from novel food rules.
Confusion over THC also
The Polish firms also say some market confusion exists regarding THC levels allowed in food. While laws governing narcotics identify cannabis with less than 0.2% as allowable in food, the law on food safety says no psychotropic ingredients may be present.
“We assume if government accepts (less than 0.2% thc) hemp for food production, the products can be legally sold as food,” said one CBD producer. “We're prepared to go to court to prove our case on that too, if necessary.”
On the 10-point election-astonishment scale, Jane Kim's showing against Scott Wiener for state Senate in the June primary was an 11.
Virtually everyone, including Kim's political brain trust, had her trailing by as many as 15 percentage points when she declared. But in the primary, Kim not only came within two points in the early returns, but as uncounted ballots trickle in she's pulled even. There's even the thought that she might pull out the win.
Over at Storefront Political Media, which is running Kim's campaign, they're feeling pretty good about themselves — understandably. Founder Eric Jaye, who is known in San Francisco for guiding former Mayor Gavin Newsom's campaigns, puts it succinctly.
“It was their race to lose,” he said. “And they lost it.”
What Jaye and his staff don't want to hear is that this was a “Berning Man” candidacy, fueled by an endorsement from presidential candidate Bernie Sanders. Or that it was all about the unconventional TV ad — which has been viewed thousands of times on YouTube — of Kim in her tae kwon do uniform, kicking a punching bag.
“The ad gets somebody's attention,” says Storefront Senior Account Executive Julie Edwards. “But it only works if there is something behind it.”
And that's all to come. Sanders won't be running in November, so the Bernie factor will be diminished. And the general election will only be between Kim and Wiener, so there will be plenty of time to discuss and debate substance and issues.
But Jaye's group does have a significant point to make. They say they are running an innovative campaign for the new electronic media world. They make the point with a simple campaign contrast.
“Scott Wiener sent out 12 pieces of mail,” Jaye said. “Jane sent out one.”
That's because the Storefront people think spending money to fill mailboxes with voter cards is old school.
“That kind of bombardment is not as effective as it once was,” Jaye says. “You know you have a problem when the synonym for your mailer is ‘junk.' On the technological side, I don't think it was a contest.”
Their theory is that voters are much more likely to read and respond to an endorsement by a friend on Facebook than a mailer. The challenge is identifying the people who are not only likely to support a candidate like Kim, but are willing to tell others about her.
“We want someone who cares and shares,” says Kate Maeder, who developed the Storefront data analog to seek out and target those voters. “We are finding people who want to engage in politics.”
Using available data sites like voter records and personal demographics, Maeder has created a program that targets what Storefront calls “influencers.” It isn't just that they vote, but that they've done something to indicate that they are interested in engaging in political conversations. Then they use that information to target likely supporters.
Here's an example. As the November election approaches, if you sign on to SFGate.com — and please do — and you see a Jane Kim ad, there's a reason. You've been targeted. Internet advertising has become so specific that certain ads can be presented only to likely customers. A Republican who supports Donald Trump wouldn't see the Kim ad. But a Sanders supporter who voted in the past three elections probably would.
“Rather than contacting 10 people in the hope of finding the one out of 10 who is interested,” Jaye said, “if you can find that one, and target him, you are 10 times more effective. I think we are the only ones doing it in this way.”
So everyone should give it a try? A word of caution, gathering and interpreting the data together isn't easy.
“Tools like this are years in the making,” Jaye said. “The two others that did it before Kate left in tears.”
However, it will be interesting to see how the November election plays out. It's a presidential year, so the turnout should be huge. Both Wiener's and Kim's camps insist that a larger voter pool helps them. And after a primary race with very few negative ads, you can expect Wiener's people to go into attack mode.
“They are going to run a highly negative campaign,” Jaye said. “They're not even making a secret of it.”
Kim will surely be called upon to defend positions on the Board of Supervisors, like a vote to reinstate the job of Sheriff Ross Mirkarimi, who was suspended after charges of domestic abuse. She also voted against Wiener's bill to make it illegal to stroll the streets of San Francisco naked.
Jaye is unconcerned.
“We're braced for the oncoming negative campaign,” he said.
Besides, he knows that if Kim pulls this off, it will be historic.
“We were talking about the last time a progressive won a citywide election,” Jaye said. “I think it was Art Agnos (for mayor).”
That was in 1987, nearly 30 years ago.
C.W. Nevius is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist. His columns appear Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. Email: cwnevius@sfchronicle.com Twitter: cwnevius
The director general of RTÉ has admitted the station is going to lose some top staff in the ongoing redundancy scheme.
The director general of RTÉ has admitted the station is going to lose some top staff in the ongoing redundancy scheme.
In a memo to staff, the national broadcaster confirmed that all staff who take the package will leave the station by the end of this year. Speaking in Galway at the FÍS TV Summit, Dee Forbes conceded the station would lose "some people that we would prefer not to lose".
"We're now in a process of assessment. There was a lot of interest and now it's about evaluating exactly who, in what area etc," she said.
Ms Forbes said the station had no option but to cut staff as revenues fell.
"The scheme is that we need to reduce our costs. It's a fact of life, you've seen our revenues have declined by €100m a year since 2008. We can't continue in that vein so unfortunately we're in a position where we have to lose some colleagues," she added.
Asked if she was concerned about losing talent, Ms Forbes replied: "Of course, we're going to lose some people that we would prefer not to lose, I mean that's the name of the game, but we then have to regroup and rebuild and the new structure that is in place right now will allow us to work differently."
RTÉ is seeking around 250 redundancies. In a HR update to staff yesterday, the station laid out the timeline for those leaving. All applications will be reviewed by senior management and the executive board over the next two weeks and formal offers will then be made to approved applicants on Friday, October 27.
Staff will have until November 10 to formally accept the offer. The majority of those approved for the deal will leave RTÉ by the end of 2017. Ms Forbes also confirmed the gender equality review would be shared with staff in the coming weeks.
Irish Independent
The Open Hillel student group has established a council of 55 academics who support its mission to open up dialogue about Israel at campus Hillels.
Open Hillel announced the launch of its Academic Council on Thursday, which includes high-profile Jewish academics like Peter Beinart, Judith Butler and Shaul Magid.
The academics were said to have endorsed a statement that reads in part: “Hillel International's Standards of Partnership narrowly circumscribe discourse about Israel-Palestine and only serve to foster estrangement from the organized Jewish community. … Just as our classrooms must be spaces that embrace diversity of experience and opinion, so must Hillel.”
Hillel International's partnership standards prohibit the Jewish campus group from working with people or organizations that, among other things, deny Israel's right to exist as a Jewish and democratic state or support the boycott, divestment and sanctions, or BDS movement, against Israel.
“Jewish life on university campuses must reflect the openness to ideas which defines the academy,” Hasia Diner, the director of New York University's Goldstein-­Goren Center for American Jewish History and one of the 55 academics, said in the news release about council. “Jewish life will be sapped of its vitality, and its broad appeal will narrow when Jewish students are told that their Jewish spaces cannot sustain the same kind of flurry of viewpoints that prevails on the campus at large.”
In December 2013, Swarthmore College declared its Hillel chapter “open,” saying it would not abide by Hillel International's rules prohibiting partnering with or hosting groups or speakers who deny Israel's right to exist as a Jewish or democratic state. Jewish students at several other colleges subsequently expressed support for that position.
The Swarthmore chapter disassociated from Hillel in March after the organization threatened legal action if the Pennsylvania school continued to use Hillel in its group name; the chapter is now known as Swarthmore Kehilah.
Hillel President Eric Fingerhut has said the organization is committed to inclusiveness, but will not give a platform to those who want to attack Israel.
“Hillel should and will always provide students with an open and pluralistic forum where they can explore issues and opinions related to their Jewish identity,” Fingerhut said in 2014 in response to Vassar's decision to declare its Jewish Union an Open Hillel. “Hillel will not, however, give a platform to groups or individuals to attack the Jewish people, Jewish values or the Jewish state's right to exist. This includes groups or individuals that support and advance the BDS movement, which represents a vicious attack on the State of Israel and the Jewish people.”
This story "Peter Beinart Leads Open Hillel Push by 55 Academics" was written by JTA.
Image copyright PA
The Home Office has been criticised for failing to complete a project to boost UK border security - despite spending at least £830 million on it.
The e-borders scheme was meant to collect and analyse data on everyone travelling to and from the UK before they arrive at ports and airports.
But the National Audit Office says checks remain "highly manual and inefficient", and IT systems outdated.
The Home Office says all UK arrivals are checked against watch lists.
The e-borders scheme has been dogged by problems since its launch in 2003, and in 2014, the head of the UK Border Force, Sir Charles Montgomery, told MPs it had been "terminated" in its current form.
By collecting advanced passenger information (API), such as passport numbers and nationalities, it was meant to allow officials to "export the border" by preventing people from embarking on journeys to the UK where they were considered a threat.
Eight years late
Among the report's key findings:
£830m was spent on the project between April 2006 and March 2015, with another £275m likely to be needed by March 2019
Among those costs was £150m on an out-of-court settlement paid after the original e-borders contract was cancelled
The project is not set to be finished until 2019 - eight years late
API was only collected from 86% of arrivals in September this year, despite the target being 100%
Moreover, API still is not available for most rail and ferry journeys
Only 20% of booking data - more comprehensive than API - is being collected. Again, the target is 100%.
The NAO said a database known as the Warning Index - designed to flag up known criminals or terrorists - was still being used eight years after it should have been retired.
While it has been upgraded, it is "still far from good" and suffers an average of two "high priority incidents a week".
These breakdowns include situations where part of the system is not available or performing too slowly to function, or where it is inaccessible at 30% or more control points at a port or airport.
The Home Office insisted contingency arrangements were in place for when those incidents occurred.
Analysis: Danny Shaw, BBC home affairs correspondent
This is a devastating critique of a project presented by the Home Office, first under Labour, as the key to securing Britain's borders. In fact, as the report reveals, the programme has been torpedoed by its ambition.
Collecting and assessing advance passenger information on more than 200 million journeys a year was always going to be hard task - involving co-ordinating the supply of data from 600 air, ferry and rail carriers and 30 government agencies.
Add in creaking computer systems, a high turnover of key staff and a draining legal dispute with the private contractor, and it's clear that ministers and officials over-reached themselves.
There's little doubt more advance passenger information is available now than in 2003, when the scheme was first developed, but the costs have risen hugely with some border checks still being conducted using scraps of paper.
The Warning Index operates alongside another system called semaphore, but the NAO said the failure to integrate them meant staff still had to check passports manually and consult printed A4 sheets when probing suspicious vehicle registrations.
Amyas Morse, head of the NAO, said e-borders had not "delivered value for money".
"Some valuable capabilities have been added to our border defences during the life of this project, though their efficiency is impaired by a failure to replace old IT systems," he added.
Keith Vaz, chairman of the Home Affairs Select Committee, described the report as a "devastating indictment" of the e-borders project.
"With the terrorism threat level currently at severe, a failure to properly cover millions of people entering the country without having passenger information in advance gives a green light to people who wish to come to the UK for illegal or dangerous activity," he said.
What are e-borders?
Launched in 2003, the scheme was originally meant to collect details from passenger lists of all people entering and leaving the UK
The US firm handed the £750m contract, Raytheon, was fired by the coalition in 2010
The e-borders contract was split in two with IBM and Serco given the job of getting a system in place at nine airports before the 2012 London Olympics
In 2014, the director general of the UK Border Force said "full e-borders capability", as originally envisaged, would not be achieved, but the checks and screening would be incorporated into a new programme.
Immigration Minister James Brokenshire said every passenger arriving in the UK was checked against a range of watch lists.
"The e-borders programme was set up under the Labour government and when that contract ended in 2010, our immediate priority was to invest in stabilising the crucial but old-fashioned systems, to tackle the fast-evolving terrorist, criminal and illegal immigration threats faced by the UK.
"The Border Systems Portfolio, in conjunction with a range of programmes across security and law enforcement, is working effectively to keep our citizens safe and our country secure."
Real estate entrepreneur, television personality and bestselling author Fredrik Eklund is known for his signature high kicks and unstoppable energy on the Emmy-nominated hit television series A Million Dollar Listing: New York and is a producer and star of Bravo's new real estate show Bethenny and Fredrik. Founder of the top sales team at prestigious real estate firm Douglas Elliman, Fredrik regularly breaks sales records and was named the number one real estate team in New York City by REAL Trends and The Wall Street Journal in 2017 with close to $1 billion in closed sales this year alone.
Often working on a building for years before it hits the market, Fredrik vets locations, interviews architects, and works with designers to customize each space to appeal to target buyers. Redefining what it means to be a real estate broker in today's market, Fredrik is changing the New York skyline, one luxury high-rise at a time.
Born and raised outside of Stockholm, Sweden, Fredrik understood the nuances of negotiation from a young age. At four years old, he performed a one-man show on a makeshift stage in his living room, inviting his family and neighbors to attend and charging five kroners per seat. At seven, he signed up to sell Christmas calendars and was obsessed with being the number-one seller out of thousands of kids. He crafted a sales strategy and went door to door, sometimes spending hours with his customers. That winter, he broke all sales records for the calendar company and learned his first of many lessons in the art of the sell: authenticity and earned trust are the cornerstones of a successful transaction.
At 10 years old, Fredrik visited New York City for the first time and was instantly hooked, captivated by the vertical landscape of gleaming towers. He vowed to return one day to make his mark. Fredrik went on to study at the Stockholm School of Economics and subsequently co-founded an Internet company and worked for the investment bank SEB in Stockholm, London, Singapore and Tokyo.
At 25, Fredrik returned to Manhattan armed mostly with a pair of well-worn sneakers and resolute determination to achieve success in an as yet unknown field of endeavor. During his first year in real estate, Fredrik sold $50 million worth of property and was nominated for Rookie of the Year by the Real Estate Board of New York. To date, he has closed more than $5 billion in residential sales, is consistently setting records, and has a client list that includes major celebrities such as Sarah Jessica Parker and Matthew Broderick, Gigi Hadid, John Legend and Chrissy Teigen, Daniel Craig, Alec Baldwin, and Jennifer Lopez. His active listings currently exceed $2 billion and includes his new development portfolio. In addition, he is the founder of Scandinavia's most high-end residential real estate brokerage with 50 employees, two offices, and $1 billion in closed sales this year. Despite his success, Fredrik remembers to not take himself too seriously.
Fredrik is married to abstract painter Derek Kaplan, and this year they welcomed their twins, Milla and Freddy. He spends weekends with his husband, dogs, and kids in their Georgian mini-mansion in Connecticut. Known for being part "shark" in business, Fredrik is a softy at home, where he enjoys cooking, photography, and taking care of his puppies and family. This year he also launched his own wine, High-Kick, now sold in six countries and counting, and his rosé wine officially is the number-one new rosé in Sweden.
Snickering Wind CR 2
XP 600
CE haunt (50 ft. by 50 ft.)
Caster Level 2nd
Notice Perception DC 12 (snickering winds emanate from behind you)
hp 4; Trigger location; Reset 10 minutes
Effect When the snickering wind haunt manifests, all creatures in its area must make a DC 13 Will save or be forced to move in a random direction for half of their movement each round for 3d4 rounds. Creatures affected by the snickering wind haunt are unable to take any additional movement actions on their turns, and stop if impeded (ending the creature's movement that turn). The snickering wind haunt is not restricted to any one location and tends to roam about in a 1,000-ft.-radius circle until currents (or other mystical means) carry it elsewhere.
Destruction The snickering wind haunt can be destroyed by presenting a compass or similar navigational device and stating loudly that you have found your way.
Adventure Hook A small mining town has failed to deliver its monthly shipments for some time now, and those sent to investigate haven't returned. Rumors claim that only the light of foot can reach the settlement—the clumsy are too prone to fall from the sheer cliffs of the canyon protecting it.
[Submitted by Tim Snow!]
MONTGOMERY, Ala. (WIAT) -- Governor Robert Bentley has terminated all state funding to Planned Parenthood. A tweet from Governor Bentley states that "The deplorable practices at Planned Parenthood have been exposed to Americans. I've terminated any association with the organization in AL."
See Bentley's full letter HERE.
The deplorable practices at Planned Parenthood have been exposed to Americans. I've terminated any association with the organization in AL. — Dr. Robert Bentley (@DrRobertBentley) August 6, 2015
Bentley continued to tweet on the matter.
As a doctor and Alabama's Governor, the issue of human life, from conception to birth and beyond, is extremely important to me. — Dr. Robert Bentley (@DrRobertBentley) August 6, 2015
I respect human life, and I do not want Alabama to be associated with an organization that does not. — Dr. Robert Bentley (@DrRobertBentley) August 6, 2015
WIAT 42 will continue to follow this developing story and bring you the latest here on WIAT.com and WIAT 42 News at 5.
Copyright 2015 WIAT 42 News
Today is the 21st and you know what that means? Two-for-one on shoes! It's 21shoe day! Koikoi has made this really cute pair of hot-pink wedges for one of their two-for-one items. You can get these and a nice pair of polkadot blue pumps for the price of just one pair! All of the shoes for sale during this event are exclusive. Meaning they will likely never be sold again, so if you want high-quality shoes for a cheap price, here's your answer!
I have an exciting new release from Glam Affair to show you! Her name is Artemis and isn't she stunning? She's coming to Collabor88 on the 8th August. I know some of you are thinking; ‘But we're still in July! Collab is ages away!' but I decided to give you guys a little something to whet your appetite anyway! The next round is a doozy because it happens to be Collabor88's birthday! The theme is a great one too so I hope you're all as excited as I am!
*X*
Sofa: Pilot – Plain tufted sofa (Kustom9)
Cocktails: Poche – Tropical drink (Okinawa fest)
Table: Keke – into the woods table (Kustom9)
Telephone: Floorplan – Payphone
Vendor: Floorplan – Book exchange machine (Kustom9)
Boombox: Soy – Vintage boom box (Kustom9)
Advertisements
Chinese Australian billionaire Chau Chak Wing has been accused of using political donations as "bribes" in an effort to influence the decision-making process in Canberra on behalf of China's Communist Party, according to court documents filed on Friday.
In a case likely to shine further light on the nature of Communist Party influence in Australian politics, Dr Chau is also accused of engaging in espionage on behalf of Beijing.
The explosive accusations are contained in defence documents filed on behalf of the ABC, Fairfax Media and journalist Nick McKenzie.
Dr Chau, a property developer and leading figure in the Australian Chinese community, has strong connections to senior figures on both sides of local politics. Sahlan Hayes
Dr Chau, who was born in southern China before moving to Australia in the 1980s, is suing all three parties for defamation in the Federal Court, after he was mentioned in a series of reports on Beijing's growing influence in Australia.
"There are reasonable grounds to believe that the Applicant donated enormous sums of money to Australian political parties as bribes intended to influence politicians to make decisions to advance the interests of the People's Republic of China, the Chinese government and the Chinese Communist Party," the documents state.
NEWS ALERT! For Reacher Creatures in the US, Paramount Pictures is holding 40 VIP seats at each of five screenings on October 18th in NYC, Chicago, Houston, Phoenix and Cleveland. These tickets are first come, first served only so don't delay!
Click here to enter for a screening ticket.
You've seen the trailers, the online ads, the banners in big cities (Jack Reacher looming over Times Square? Now it's not only in my dreams...) so you're all aware that
On the heels of the movie comes
I'm sure you're all wondering where Lee will be touring for
Happy reading!
Webmaven Maggie
Team Reacher
You've seen the trailers, the online ads, the banners in big cities (Jack Reacher looming over Times Square? Now it's not only in my dreams...) so you're all aware that JACK REACHER: NEVER GO BACK will be released worldwide on October 21st! Lee and Team Reacher saw the movie a few weeks ago and can't wait to share it with you. Cobie Smulders as Susan Turner? She's fantastic! Danika Yarosh as Sam? You're gonna love her. Tom Cruise as Reacher? He thinks like Reacher, talks like Reacher, he's riveting onscreen. JACK REACHER: NEVER GO BACK is exciting, and funny, and could very well tug hard on your heartstrings.On the heels of the movie comes NIGHT SCHOOL on November 7th in the US, Canada, UK, Ireland, Australia, and New Zealand. Woo Hoo! By now you know it's a prequel, Reacher's back in the Army and they've sent him to school. Frances Neagley joins him shortly thereafter and there's a cameo from Manny Orozco. If I told you any more about it, I could spoil surprises but if you really really want to know...scroll down this page for a nice long excerpt.I'm sure you're all wondering where Lee will be touring for NIGHT SCHOOL . He is touring the US and UK but we only have a few confirmed events so far on the website EVENTS page. Please be patient, hold your horses, keep your keystrokes to a minimum :), and we'll get you that tour info as soon as we have it. Thanks!Happy reading!Team Reacher
Check out the 2019 Reno Tahoe Events & Festivals virtual brochure!
Every city claims to have the best events, but Reno Tahoe events are truly in a class of its own. At Lake Tahoe and Reno events, we race hot air balloons, jet skis, off-road vehicles, planes that fly wing-tip to wing-tip at over 500 mph, even outhouses and camels. Foodies can satisfy their craving at the Biggest Little City Wing Fest, the Best in the West Rib Cook-Off, The Great Eldorado Italian Festival, weekly food truck gatherings or loads of other gastronomic get-togethers.
Arts and culture connoisseur? See a world-class performer at a major concert venue, attend Off Beat Music Festival to discover your new favorite up-and-coming artist, enjoy Shakespeare at sunset on the beach of Lake Tahoe or spend a week of self-discovery in the Black Rock Desert. But the fun doesn't stop there. Check out our calendar of events, filled with hundreds of unique, exciting and memorable experiences.
Look no further than our Lake Tahoe and Reno events calendar to plan your perfect night out or weekend trip.
Submit Your Event
Here's what's particularly disturbing about techno-futurists right now: Software is so widely distributed, so persistent and attainable, that any fantastical idea is just leading to more everyday destruction.
Take, for example, the DAO, or the Decentralized Autonomous Organization, a company governed entirely on a blockchain. That means its daily operations — from payments to investment plans to corporate governance — are handled via code. More specifically, they are handled by a series of contracts triggered by a piece of software sitting on the Ethereum blockchain, a competitor to bitcoin.
The conceit is that anyone can join, raise money or propose new investments, and then everyone gets to vote. It's similar to an old-fashioned venture fund, except decisions don't rest with an elite class like a partner group or a board of directors. It's ... democratic.
The description on the website is typically breathless: “[I]t is a new breed of human organization never before attempted.”
Basically, the code rules, not a CEO or a board of directors or shareholders like a normal company.
Why? Well, because blockchain. To the techno-futurists running the world today, anything blockchain suggests a purity of purpose that a publicly traded company or a democratically elected government or even Mother Teresa herself could never achieve.
If you think this is just another wacky Reddit-sourced scheme, the DAO has raised more than $100 million so far, making it one of the best capitalized fin-tech startups around, according to the Wall Street Journal.
The problem is, the DAO was hacked on Friday. More problematic — and why it's potentially even more destructive — is that even though you'd think such a breach merits a corrective patch, that's not necessarily going to happen.
Here's a great interpretation of the DAO's rules and one explained by Bloomberg View's Matt Levine, and both are worth reading in full, but the gist of the argument is the code wasn't hacked. The “hack” wasn't a bug so much as a feature that hadn't been tapped into until now.
Remember, the code rules.
On its face, that argument makes zero sense. But if the conceit is that blockchain is inherently more democratic and the code can't be corrupted in the way a human can, then you can't blame the code. You also can't blame the person who made the best possible use of that code, since the code, again, rules.
This reasoning is especially scary since it's a belief so commonly held in Silicon Valley. Larry Page, the founder of Google and head of Alphabet, adheres faithfully to the notion that software, or “the algorithm,” is much more efficient and effective and pure than any human system could ever be. The sooner we digitize the entire world and let software run it all, the sooner everything will be made better.
He's not alone; Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, Tesla's Elon Musk and Amazon's Jeff Bezos all submit to a similar logic, to varying degrees. While software in many cases is just better, mostly, and while it has fueled the rise of tech, mostly, it can ultimately be horrifying since the code enslaves common sense.
It may just be the “smart people can be dumb” aphorism, but when applied to people who can actually effect so much change, it's scary. Or, maybe it won't be. Maybe it'll be, just as the website says, “a new breed of human organization.” Like a computer.
Riding in a Coffin to a Funeral I finally got to ride on the 'Cabin' Overnight Bus from SF to LA
Note: GJEL Accident Attorneys regularly sponsors coverage on Streetsblog San Francisco and Streetsblog California. Unless noted in the story, GJEL Accident Attorneys is not consulted for the content or editorial direction of the sponsored content.
The week before last, a dear family friend and neighbor of my mother's died of a heart attack in San Diego. One can't plan ahead for a trip to a funeral; without an advanced purchase, air fares from Oakland to San Diego are around $200 each way. I don't own a car. And Amtrak is just too slow, thanks to California's circa 1860s rail infrastructure.
Then there's the bus. I poked around and found that the ‘Cabin' overnight bus had a berth available (Cabin's launch was reported on by every tech publication out there, but basically it's a bus with beds instead of seats). I'd been curious about it for some time and the price was only $85 for a Tuesday night trip. I figured I'd give it a whirl. It would get me to Santa Monica at seven the next morning. I could bike over to the Exposition Light Rail line, go to Union Station in downtown Los Angeles, and take Amtrak the rest of the way.
Not ideal, as I would arrive after the ceremony, but it would get me there in time to give my mother some much-needed hugs and support. And I had an old bike I wanted to leave at my mom's place anyway.
First complication: no information on the Cabin web page about taking a bike. I emailed the company and they told me I could bring it, but they don't advertise that fact because the bus doesn't have any bike racks; bikes are just shoved in with the suitcases (see photo below). Since there's limited space, they don't want to encourage too many people to bring bikes by advertising that they'll accept them, and they haven't yet figured out a bike reservation policy. They should really have something on the web page that says “please email us to make sure there is space if you want to bring a bike.”
A few hours later, I arrived at the departure spot, a parking lot across from Pier 30 in San Francisco. I loaded my bike and got on the bus just before the 11 p.m. departure. At six the next morning (we got in an hour early), I stumbled, blearily, out of the bus and looked out at Santa Monica beach, disoriented, exhausted, and probably a bit smelly. I rode my bike to the nearest 24-hour Fitness, took a shower, and then stopped at a coffee shop with my laptop to check in with my mom and the other California editors of Streetsblog, before getting on an LA Metro train for the ride to Union Station and my connection to San Diego.
Here are my first impressions of the bus, from an email to the Streetsblog crew–and it still seems like the best way to describe the experience:
So taking the Cabin/Sleep Bus is kind of like trying to sleep in a dryer on spin cycle. Or maybe an eight hour low-intensity earthquake is a better metaphor? But here I am. I guess I slept for a little bit, but it was hardly productive sleep. I can't imagine ever doing it again.
The bus was only half full, so I think the “novelty” has worn off and people are realizing a bus does not good sleep make. I've done overnights on trains and boats, and I wouldn't say I slept well, but I slept. This was just a night of lying on my back in a coffin staring at the lid while we flew through high-altitude turbulence for eight hours. But the tea was good.
I was a little shocked at how awful it was, because most reviews are so darned cheery. And I really wanted to like it, as I travel between Northern and Southern California about ten times a year. The current options suck and I'd long dreamed of a better choice than airport security lines, a long drive or bus ride that takes up most of the day, or an even longer Amtrak trip.
I think there is a market for overnight travel between LA and SF. I'm sure if Amtrak ran a sleeper train, as they did until 1983, it would sell out fast, given the inherently smoother and more stable ride of steel-wheels-on-rails. Cabin's bus suffered from vibrations, swaying, and a loud incessant throbbing from the diesel engine. Trains have their engines in the locomotive which, of course, is a completely separate structure from the passenger cars–that isolates passengers from engine rumble. I've taken overnight trains in the U.S. and Europe, and it's a nice experience, with a place to change and wash up and sometimes there's even a shower. Wouldn't it be nice if Amtrak, or even a freight operator, contracted with Cabin to run well-designed rail sleeper cars? Trains are bigger and more expensive to operate, but they also carry far more people than a bus. One can only dream that some day there will be a night train again.
And now, a note about safety. As Cabin's founders point out, buses are safer than cars by several multiples–so if safety is a concern, take this before driving.
But there are two levels to safety–avoidance and survival. And when it comes to crash survival, I found a few things about the Cabin bus deeply disturbing. Get onto any train or bus, sit down, and look at the window and ceiling. There are always clearly marked–usually in bright red–emergency escape hatches and handles. On the Cabin bus, I was shocked that my sleeping pod didn't even have a window, let alone an emergency escape exit. There were also no lighted escape routes. Apparently, there are emergency exits (you can see the markings in photos taken in other reviews), but I couldn't find them when I was actually on the bus. I don't care if it's a train, plane or a bus, if you run a vehicle long enough at some point there will be a crash–and I shudder to think what's going to happen to people, disoriented, injured, and terrified, all tripping and bumping into each other in the dark, scrambling down the narrow stair case from the buses's upper level that contains the majority of the berths.
Other reviewers have talked about the nice mattress and linens, and I agree they are top-notch. In conclusion, the Cabin bus should be useful to that small subset of people who sleep so hard that they literally won't wake up for anything up to and including a powerful earthquake. Apparently, some of my colleagues doing reviews of Cabin fit into that category (or are they popping some kind of illicit sleep aid and just not mentioning it in the story? If so, please have your dealer contact me directly).
Bottom line, coming back to the Bay Area, I paid $200 and took a plane.
Namita Bajpai By
Express News Service
LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh has the largest number of madrasas in India. According to a rough estimate, there are 50,000 private madrasas in the state. No less than 19,000 are affiliated to the UP Madarsa Education Board. Out of these, 560 receive government aid.
“Almost all mosques have a madrasa,” says Maulana Khalid Raseed Fringi Mahali, rector of Darul Uloom Firangi Mahal and chairman of the Islamic Centre of India, one of the biggest madrasas in Uttar Pradesh.
Since coming to power in March 2017, the Yogi Adityanath government has been trying to encourage madrasas to add secular aspects to the courses taught under their portals. Online registration of madrasas has been mandatory, and now the government has decided to introduce NCERT books in the curriculum of madrasas aided by it. Soon, subjects like mathematics, science, social science and home science will be on offer.
Subjects on offer
Students from classes IX to XII in madrasas recognised by the UP Madrasa Board are already required to study an optional 'modern' subject. The board is now trying to make two subjects -- maths, social science, science or home science -- compulsory. Primary- and junior-level madrassas already have modern subjects for compulsory study.
"Hindi and English are already compulsory but when we compared our syllabus with other boards, there was a gap," said Mohammad Tariq Ahmed, registrar of the UP Madarsa Board, justifying the government move.
Moreover, the state government is contemplating a revision of the syllabus for 'deeniyat' (religious study) too after getting the proposed changes vetted by scholars from the Aligarh Muslim University, Lucknow University, the Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti Urdu, Arabi, Farsi University, Lucknow-based Integral University, Nadwatul-Ulama and other leading seminaries.
In this year's budget, the Adityanath government allocated Rs 1,700 crore for minority' welfare. Of this, Rs 394 crore was earmarked for imparting modern education in recognised madrasas and maqtabs (elementary schools).
Madrasas go online
The state government also launched a dedicated portal -- madarsaboard.upsdc.gov.in to reigister madrasas. About 16,000 of them have already registered on the portal. Online registeration is being done purportedly to ensure transparency in their functioning. In 2013, the Minority Welfare Department found that around 100 madrassas, receiving government funding did not even exist. They existed only in papers.
“They have to register online with details of their infrastructure, budget, revenue, the number of students, teachers, the curriculum followed and so on so as to maintain a database and to ensure that madrasa students receive professional education like students of other educational systems, “ says Chaudhary Laxmi Narain, cabinet minister for minority welfare.
The UP minister of state for minority welfare Baldev Aulakh said the portal was introduced to bring accountability and transparency in the way the madrasa system functions.
The portal is an effort to link all madrasas into a unified ecosystem, wherein the grants and salaries paid to madarsa teachers and staff would be facilitated through the Public Financial Management System (PFMS).
Conservative opposition
However, the move was criticised by a section of minorities and the opposition parties who claimed that it was just another tool to target the minority community like the earlier diktat issue by the Adityanath government asking the aided madrasas to ensure the recital of the national anthem by their students on Independence Day and to get the event videotaped and submitted to the government as a proof.
The UP budget made a provision of Rs 792 crore for scholarships to minority students. It also earmarked Rs 150 crore for giving fees reimbursement to minority students, Rs 18 crore for setting up of women's hostels in minority-dominated areas for their educational and economic development, and Rs 341 crore towards the ‘Multi-sectoral District Development Plan.
(Warning: Hugo neepery. Avoid if you don't care.)
As most of you know, at last Saturday's Hugo Awards ceremony, the voters, of which there were a record number, at last Saturday's Hugo Awards ceremony, the voters, of which there were a record number, chose not to offer awards in five categories rather than to give the award to nominees who got on the ballot because of the Sad/Rabid Puppy slating campaign. In the categories in which awards were given, in nearly all cases the Puppy nominees in the category finished below “No Award.” The only category where a Puppy nominee prevailed was in Best Dramatic Presentation, in which one of their choices was Guardians of the Galaxy . There's not a lot of credit they can take for that one.
Why did the Puppies fare so poorly? There has already been much speculation and analysis on the matter, and there will continue to be for some time. But in my estimation (and leaving out issues of literary quality of the nominations, which is super-subjective), the reason for their massive and historic failure is simple:
They acted like jerks, and performed a series of jerk maneuvers.
Specifically:
They created slates for awards that are meant to be about an individual's personal tastes and choices. That's a jerk maneuver.
They gloated about the slates getting on the ballot, and the upset that this caused other people. That's a jerk maneuver.
They created an imaginary cabal of people and asserted without evidence that this cabal indulged in slate-making, and used this assertion to justify their own bad action. That's a jerk maneuver.
They spent months insulting the people they associated with their imaginary cabal. That's a jerk maneuver.
They spent months crapping on the writers they dragooned into their imaginary cabal, and crapping on the work those writers created. That's a jerk maneuver.
They spent months denigrating the award they went out of their way to build slates for. That's a jerk maneuver.
They spent months pissing on the people who love and care about the awards, and the convention that hosts both. That's a jerk maneuver.
They expected the people who they'd been treating with contempt to give them the respect they would not afford them. That's a jerk maneuver.
They pretended they didn't actually care about the awards for which they put in months and sometimes years of effort to get work on the ballot. That's a jerk maneuver.
They had the poor grace to whine about people potentially voting “no award,” which is fully allowed by the rules, after gleefully pointing out that slating was not disallowed. That's a jerk maneuver.
The first of these points in itself would almost certainly have been enough to motivate people to vote against the slates, and the nominees who willingly (or, sadly in a number of cases, unwittingly) found themselves on them. But the other nine points didn't help , and a lot of the people who declared themselves Puppies or allied themselves with them went out of their way to do some or all of those points. Repeatedly, and with increasing foaminess as things went along.
Here's the thing: If you perform a bunch of jerk maneuvers, people are likely to treat you like you're a jerk.
Consonantly: If you perform a bunch of jerk maneuvers, you might, in fact, actually be a jerk. Not always. But the correlation is there, and that correlation gets increasingly significant the more jerk maneuvers you perform.
There is (usually) no crime in performing a jerk maneuver, or acting like a jerk. Everyone can, and has, acted like a jerk from time to time. It's a regrettable but natural part of the human experience. But most people have the good sense to understand that acting like a jerk should not be a lifestyle choice , and that if you make it one, people will respond to you based on your choices.
As they did, in this case, with the Hugos. The Hugo vote against the Puppy slates was not about politics, or cabals, or one species of science fiction and fantasy over another, no matter what anyone would like you to believe — or at the very least, it wasn't mostly about those things. It was about small group of people acting like jerks, and another, rather larger group, expressing their displeasure at them acting so.
Mind you, I don't expect the core Puppies to recognize this; indeed I expect them to say they haven't done a single thing that has been other than forthright and noble and correct. Well, and here's the thing about that: acting like an jerk and then asserting that no, it's everyone else that's been acting like a jerk, is the biggest jerk maneuver of all.
(Comments on this piece off for now, because I'm about to start an event and have a super-busy day today. I might turn them on later.)
A woman today jumped from a speeding train near Ara junction in Bihar to escape from a man who was trying to molest her, say reports.The woman, in her 30s, has reportedly suffered injuries on her head and legs. She has been admitted at Sadar Hospital in Ara, district headquarters of Bhojpur, around 50 kilometres from Patna.The accused, an army jawan named Ramesh Kumar, was held by an official from the Assam Rifles, who was also travelling in the train, the UP Dibrugarh-Delhi Brahmaputra Express. He was reportedly dragged from the toilet in the train and handed over to Railway Protection Force (RPF) at the next station at Buxar, police sources said. The Railway Police has lodged two FIRs, one each at Ara and Buxar, against the accused.
KAUAI, Hawaii — If Pierre Omidyar gets his way, 699 dairy cows will soon enjoy a glorious view of the Pacific Ocean, framed by a pristine beach.
Mr. Omidyar, the founder of eBay, wants to build a dairy farm on the island of Kauai.
He is one of many tech billionaires who have established a presence in Hawaii, which is only a five-hour flight from Silicon Valley. Others include Larry Ellison, Oracle's co-founder, who bought all but a tiny amount of the island of Lanai and turned it into a resort — investing millions, but frustrating some islanders by driving up rents — and Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, who was called a “neocolonialist” after he sued some locals over beachfront land he bought. (He dropped the suits.)
The goal of Mr. Omidyar's farm — which incidentally is on land owned by the family of Steve Case, another tech billionaire — is to decrease the island-state's heavy reliance on imported milk, while using sustainable agriculture practices. (The dairy will nonetheless still have to import feed for its animals.)
Some residents, though, object. They and the owners of the major resorts that line this island's famous beaches, just a little over one mile down the coastline from the dairy site, have worked to block the project.
YJA-Star (Free Women's Troops) guerrilla Lavîn Marînos spoke to ANF and described her joining the PKK as the keystone for her deep understanding about women's truth, telling the following;
"Before I joined the guerrilla ranks, I neither knew about the movement's truth nor was I aware of such deep social realities centering around women. I was brought nearer to the movement through activities of youths circles which I joined later in my life, and my discordance with the ruling system assumed a more profound form as my knowledge grew about the freedom movement. Here it were especially the life stories and martyrdom of martyr Zîlan and martyr Bêrîtan which have had the most intense effect on my understanding. After I started to realize and think about how my engagement in this issue needs to look like and to which motivations it needs to adhere to, I finally made the step to join the ranks of the freedom fighters. Here I received along with the other newly joined fighters holistic education, by which I learned how to assess the system. If one looks at it, it is obvious how the system is oppressing women in all manners, reduces her to a slave and vents practices of abuse and torture on her. The prevalent system offers nothing but a caged life in houses to women. But when one looks at the PKK, one can see that women are leading in all fields. Women are raised to the levels of goddesses here in the free mountains. The reality here within the PKK wields great influence on the morale. We learn here from every aspect of our life and are moved to gain knowledge and to make progress, which leaves us in a permanent pulsing flow of struggle to the fore."
Lavîn underlined that she evolved and gained strength through the education within the PKK, and continued: "I gained incredible knowledge with the education here. Yes, I had visited school back at home, but the education here was of an absolute different kind and level by which I even gained my medical expertise on treatment. I gained that much knowledge to undertake here my role as one of the medical staff at the front lines. Practice in real life tends to teach you things very fast, and so I progressed very fast with the medical education offered here. Contrary to that, to be a doctor within the ruling system people need to cram for years through day and night and still barely manage to handle a profession.
As for me here, I am as a medical personnel also directly engaged in battles which means when my comrades get wounded I am on the spot to provide them with instant emergency treatment. It is also because when I see my comrades getting wounded I cannot but be overcome by the urge to save their lives. That is the reason that I see my work as part of the medical staff as a matter of utmost importance. We regard the lives of our comrades as too dear, and do everything to save it."
Guerrilla Lavîn gave at the end the message, "We have moved forward into the year of 2017 in accordance with some of our goals. In that respect we will continue our actions until our leader Apo is freed from the four walls of İmralı, and we will make sure that this year will be the year of our leader's and our people's freedom.
Everybody should join the PKK and witness the truth with their own eyes. I talk especially about the women who shall break their chains of slavery and come to find within the ranks of the freedom fighters their esteem of goddesses. See who you are, see what you truly are."
Moscow made the final payment on the remaining foreign debt inherited from the Soviet Union. Russia took on the debt after the other former Soviet republics refused to pay.
Read more
“The debt to Bosnia and Herzegovina in the amount of $125.2 million has been settled in accordance with the agreement between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Council of Ministers of Bosnia and Herzegovina,” the Russian Finance Ministry said on Tuesday.
The remaining debt was the money the Soviet Union owed to Yugoslavia. The USSR's foreign debt was accumulated in various ways. Obligations to Western countries accrued in the debt market after 1983. The money owed to the former Yugoslavia was as a result of trade between the countries.
Why Russia pays off Soviet debt alone
Initially, it was assumed the USSR's foreign debt would be paid by all its republics. A document on this was to be signed in December 1991. The bulk of the debt was on Russia (61.34 percent). Ukraine was to repay 16.37 percent, and Belarus was to repay 4.13 percent.
However, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Azerbaijan, Moldova, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan did not sign the agreement. As a result, in 1994 Russia took on all the debt in exchange for property all around the former Soviet Union.
READ MORE: Kiev refuses to pay Russian debt because it was 'forced to take the money'
When relations with Russia deteriorated in 2014, Kiev threatened to nationalize Russian property within Ukraine. At the time, the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs reminded Ukraine it owes $20 billion in Soviet-era debt and if Kiev raises this question, Moscow can demand repayment.
As of 1994, the debt of the old USSR was almost $105 billion. The largest part of this amount (over $47 billion) was to the Paris Club of creditors. It was a pool of 19 creditors, mostly in the West including the US and the UK.
Read more
Russia actively began to repay debts under the presidency of Vladimir Putin, which also coincided with a surge in oil prices, giving the country extra foreign currency.
One of the final large Soviet-era debts was repaid last year to Kuwait. Russia paid $1.1 billion and delivered $620 million worth of high-tech products to the country.
Russia forgave debt owed to USSR
At the same time, Russia has written off a large part of the debt developing countries owed it. In 2014, Russia forgave more than $30 billion in debt owed by Cuba, which accounted for 90 percent of the total liabilities. The remaining debt, amounting to $3.5 billion, will be paid off within ten years in 20 equal installments.
Russia also wrote off Iraq's debt of $21.5 billion, Mongolia ($11.1 billion), Afghanistan ($11 billion) and North Korea ($10 billion), as well as $20 billion in debts owed by several African countries.
In total, Russia has forgiven more than $100 billion in debt owed by developing countries over the past decade.
Link of the day - Free $50 Costco Gift Card
BRATISLAVA, Slovakia (AP) -- With more goals than minutes in the game, Slovakia's women's ice hockey team claimed an amazing 82-0 victory over Bulgaria in Olympic qualifying.
Slovakia outshot the Bulgarians 139-0 during the 60-minute game, played in Latvia. The margin of victory is a record for a women's International Ice Hockey Federation-sanctioned event.
"We took it as training," Slovakia coach Miroslav Karafiat said after Saturday's game.
Janka Culikova led Slovakia with 10 goals, while Martina Velickova scored nine. Fourteen different players scored at least one goal.
Slovakia, which also beat Croatia, Latvia and Italy, advanced to another qualifying group with Germany, Kazakhstan and France. The winner will secure a spot at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics.
Bulgaria was eliminated after scoring one goal and conceding 192 in the tournament.
The Slovakian men's team clinched its biggest ever victory against the Bulgarians 14 years ago when they won 20-0.
Copyright 2008 Associated Press.
Have Knife, Will Travel
Man in wheelchair robs Texas 7-Eleven of condoms
Nigerian man to divorce 82 wives
Help-wanted ad for nanny: `My kids are a pain'
Kentucky politician jailed after joke
Speaker Ryan is one of the most unpopular politicians in the country — and he's polling particularly poorly among one 8th grade class.
Eighth grade students from South Orange Middle School in South Orange, New Jersey were on a school trip to Wasshington D.C. on Friday when they were given a very special opportunity: a photo-op with Speaker Paul Ryan. Under normal circumstances, many students would leap for the chance to take a photo with the third most powerful politician in the country.
Not these kids.
Close to 100 8th graders refused to take a photo with the Speaker and instead sat in a parking lot across the street. Speaker Ryan then took a photo with the remaining class and posted it to his Instagram.
Got that #FridayFeeling 👊 A post shared by Speaker Paul Ryan (@speakerryan) on May 26, 2017 at 6:39am PDT
"I can't take a picture with someone who supports a budget that would destroy public education and would leave 23 million people without healthcare,” Matthew Malespina, a student at the school, told his local newspaper, The Village Green.
Others grounded their decision in their aversion to Trump.
“I didn't want to be in [the picture] because he believes in most of what Trump believes in,” a fellow student, Louisa Maynard-Parisi, told The Village Green.
Parents were torn about whether the kids should have sat out on the photo. Ryan was a "legitimately elected official," one parent wrote, and they would have been offended if conservative students had done the same thing to President Obama.
Matthew Malespina's mother, on the other hand, couldn't have been more proud/.
"I am proud of my son and all the other students who chose to respectfully not to participate in the photograph with Speaker Ryan,” she told The Village Green.
Middle school #resistance is the best kind of resistance there is.
Russian government hackers penetrated the Democratic National Committee's database and stole its opposition research on Donald Trump, it was reported Tuesday.
DNC officials and security experts say the hackers were able to read all e-mail and chats in the compromised system, according to The Washington Post.
Some of the hackers had been in the DNC system for a year, the paper said.
They were finally expelled this past weekend.
DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz said the party moved to fix the problem as quickly as it could and contacted a security company called CrowdStrike last month.
Wasserman Schultz told MSNBC that “from everything we call tell” the Trump files were the target.
CrowdStrike determined that two Russian intelligence agencies — possibly working independently — entered the DNC network in summer 2015 and April 2016.
Dmitri Alperovitch, the company's chief technology officer, said one hacking group primarily monitored e-mail and chat conversations and may be working for Russia's Federal Security Service, which was once headed by Russian President Vladimir Putin.
He said the second group was probably working on behalf of Russia's military.
Opposition research files are routinely compiled by political parties to use against opponents. So-called “oppo” files are mostly made up of publicly sourced documents, news clippings and judicial filings, but can contain sensitive private and personal information.
The Russians also tried to gain entry to Hillary Clinton's campaign, Trump's campaign and various political committees.
Clinton told Telemundo she only learned of the breach when it was made public Tuesday.
“The Russian government uses cyber-attacks to gain information for economic commercial advantage, for political advantage, and for military advantage, and this seems like another example where they're trying to vacuum up information,” she said.
Russia denied its government was involved.
“I completely rule out a possibility that the [Russian[ government or the government bodies have been involved in this,” Dmitry Peskov, a Kremlin spokesman, told Reuters in Moscow.
News of the DNC's hack comes only days after WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange suggested there would be further problems to come for the Democrats.
“We have upcoming leaks in relation to Hillary Clinton,” he said Sunday.
Caution: Articles written for technical not grammatical accuracy, If poor grammar offends you proceed with caution ;-)
Over the weekend Roman, Grant, John and I released a significant update to the platypus project, which is essentially a very simple and elegant way to provide a Swagger based documentation of several VMware Products. This project started out by providing a quick way to consume the vRealize Automation 7 API, but it has grown a healthy set of legs.
One of the goals of the project was to take publicly available specifications and make them consumable and adaptable by the larger community.
So, what's new? Everything.
Flexibility: When you run the docker container, there is the option to provide variables for Product Name and Product Version.
Product Support: The updated platypus project now includes vRealize Operations 6.2, vRealize Orchestrator 7.0, and NSX 6.2.
Host Config: The host variable now provides the ability to input the hostname of an instance of the VMware Product in question (preferably a test/dev instance) and issue the REST API calls.
To get your hands dirty with the NSX version of Platypus, just issue the following command:
docker run –name platypus –rm -p 80:8080 -e PRODUCT=”nsx” -e VERSION=”6.2″ vmware/platypus
Interested in checking the platypus project out? Find out more at https://github.com/vmware/platypus. If you are interested in contributing to the project, simply issue a PR.
Please leave your feedback or comments below, I'd love to hear from you.
cloudcanuck.ca / Twitter / facebook
Rod comments on the Ryan pick:
There is no figure on the Right with more credibility regarding America's fiscal challenges.
Well, that's the story everyone keeps telling, so I suppose at some point it becomes true to the extent that “credibility” depends on what other people are willing to believe. Sen. Coburn has far more credibility on these issues, but he isn't celebrated for it. This has happened for several reasons, not least of which is his willingness to cut and reform the military budget. Ryan's proposals always exempt the Pentagon from any meaningful spending cuts, so he is elevated to the status of national leader while Coburn's proposals are largely ignored by many of Ryan's loudest boosters. Ryan gets a pass for his fiscal irresponsibility in the past mostly because people don't remember it or they try to ignore it. His current credibility as a fiscal conservative is not based on what he has done while in office (which would show that he has not been a fiscal conservative), but rather on what he proposes that we should be doing years from now.
XMas Shopping in Latex Lara Larsen Leipzig, DE
I don't know why so many people complain in the Christmas period. Quite often, I hear about a huge stress when everyone starts to buy presents for the family which nobody enjoys. Where does this mood come from? The x-mas time is a great time and beside delicious mulled wine there are also a lot of beautiful things to see.
For myself I love it when it's a little cheesy in the x-mas with all the small lights and these beautifully decorated trees and wreaths. Maybe it's because I have a weakness for anything shiny and blinking but I love it and it brings me to my favorite topic latex. If you don't feel to enjoy the x-mas shopping then think about the idea to change things in this year and make everything more pleasant for you.
Whatever it is for you to feel pleasant in this stressful time I've to have a friendly and relaxed shopping while wearing my new red latex catsuit of Simon O. Especially, if it comes stressful and hectic I love to feel latex on my naked skin and it's no difference to wear latex while x-mas shopping. It is this feeling which I can't describe easily but you will see it on my photos and the video that the moment while wearing latex makes me feeling good, relaxed and let me enjoy the time.
It is the soft touch of rubber which feels gently on my body and what I enjoy with every step on my arms and between my legs and what really relaxes me. Especially, why I touch myself with my hand and feel my rubberized arms through the latex I enjoy with all senses myself and my body heat which let me dream. All this is already fantastic but you can enjoy it also at home but even more fascinating is the effect which happens on the people at the mall.
I looked in the shop window and knew exactly what people thought and what stimulates them while I'm wearing this latex suit. I saw a girl in front of me who was wearing a red and perfectly shining latex catsuit and I could see the body shape and outline of her female body. I was giggling because this bright red latex catsuit looked sexy, striking and didn't let any room for questions about her body. It wasn't surprising that everyone in the mall stand there a looked with open mouth while they enjoyed this cool effect. My female figure was so obvious to everyone and showed perfectly the shape of my legs, my tits, my sexy ass and everything was perfectly shining. The latex wrapped over my curves and exposed what usually was hidden and furthermore the zip got deep between my ass cheeks as my latex catsuit wanted to scream to everyone: This is the shiniest firm ass around here and you don't need to be shy to look on it. I was a latex doll in a mall and felt so good.
I got the first really sweet compliments and I knew that this x-mas shopping was the most beautiful day for me but not just for me. Every movement reminded me that I was wearing latex and it made me really proud.
BOSTON (CBS) – A North Andover native is using music to help underprivileged children in Uganda.
Justin D'Addario, a United States Army combat veteran, started the Rock n' Roll Uganda charity.
The organization aims to teach underprivileged children and teenagers how to use the guitar. D'Addario called his organization an “anti-profit.”
“We give away everything that we make to the organization,” he said. “We don't keep any for expenses, we're not 501c3 quailfied, it's just they send me the bracelets, I send them the money, it's as simple as that.”
D'Addario is attempting to raise money to build a school in Kampala through an online fundraising page.
“They were originally teaching at a mother's house in the ghetto, very small space,” he said. “Just recently, last week, we were able to get them out into a temporary place.”
“It's a lot better than where they were, but it's temporary. We're still saving up for a lot bigger place,” he said.
As of Thursday, the page has raised nearly $4,000.
Call it the ultimate safe space: A graveyard in Berlin has been set aside specifically for lesbians.
A 4,300-square-foot section of Georgen Parochial Cemetery in Prenzlauer Berg was purchased two years ago with the goal of providing a final resting place for members of the mature lesbian group Safia.
“We wanted to stay together, to be close to those with whom we lived, we loved, we worked, we fought,” said Safia's Astrid Osterland, who has purchased a plot for herself.
“We had surveyed several cemeteries, but we decided on this one because we knew it and we knew it was beautiful.”
A winding sandy path leads to the graveyard, which has space for 80 bodies or urns. Osterland admits the concept may sound strange, but she insists it's not anti-male.
“All those who want to come and honor the dead with respect are welcome,” she said of the site, which is affiliated with the Lutheran Church.
Though still rare, interest in LGBT-specific grave sites is growing: The first is believed to have started in Denmark in 2008.
JOHN MACDOUGALL/AFP/Getty Images
In some cases it's simply a question of community, much like a Jewish cemetery or a veteran's cemetery. But for others, burial in their family plot or with members of their faith is not an option.
In 2011, a group announced it would be launching one in Atlanta's Crest Lawn Memorial Park cemetery for same-sex couples, their children, single people, and other LGBT people who want to be with their chosen families.
“It's about a sense of community, connection… it's a tradition,” Dignity Memorial's John Suggs told the Georgia Voice.
“We have to make our traditions. In a way this is a way to honor our relationships in a simple but proud way. Being able to be next to your partner at end of life is important, comforting and a reassuring thing to know.”
Lionsgate's big screen reboot of the Power Rangers franchise contained tons of nods and throwbacks to the original television series that made fans out of entire generation. But even though original actors Amy Jo Johnson and Jason David Frank made minor cameos in the film, the fans were slightly disappointed that they were underused.
And Tommy didn't even have long hair like he does in the TV show! Psshh.
Ever since the Green Ranger actor revealed there was another filmed scene that was cut from the movie, fans have been clamoring to see it. Ahead of the home video release, Lionsgate has provided ComicBook.com with a featurette where the cast talks about the legacy of the original Rangers. The clip also contains the original cut scene with Frank and Johnson, while the two actors reveal their thoughts about the new movie. Watch the video above!
“As long as it fits the brand, I'm excited about the fans to have something like this happen - even if I'm not part of it,” Frank said on the set. “It's sure exciting to see that, that's what I'm more excited about.” The cut cameo clip reveals the original Kimberly and Tommy (with long hair!!!) sitting in a coffee shop, both wearing their traditional pink and green colors respectively.
President Trump speaks at a “Make America Great Again” rally in Phoenix on Aug. 22. (Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images)
A Georgia school district has apologized after one of its teachers asked two high school students wearing “Make America Great Again” T-shirts to leave her classroom.
The incident took place at River Ridge High School on Aug. 31, when a teacher “erroneously told two students their shirts with campaign slogans were not permitted in class,” Cherokee County School District spokeswoman Barbara P. Jacoby said.
“Her actions were wrong, as the ‘Make America Great Again' shirts worn by the students are not a violation of our School District dress code,” Jacoby said in a statement. “The teacher additionally — and inappropriately — shared her personal opinion about the campaign slogan during class.”
Classes at the school in Woodstock, Ga., about 30 miles north of Atlanta, had started Aug. 1. It is unclear who reported the incident to the teacher's supervisors, although student video of the exchange soon began circulating on social media, according to the International Business Times.
The principal at River Ridge “immediately met with and apologized to these students and their families,” Jacoby said. She added that district Superintendent Brian V. Hightower was “deeply sorry that this incident happened in one of our schools; it does not reflect his expectation that all students be treated equally and respectfully by our employees.”
On Tuesday, the local Patch news site reported that Hightower sent a message to school system employees saying that they are prohibited from sharing their personal political opinions with students when they are performing their job duties.
Shortly after the incident, someone started a Change.org petition calling for the teacher in question to resign. The district did not identify the teacher and said it could not discuss disciplinary action taken against an employee. However, Jacoby noted the students who wore the shirts faced no disciplinary action.
“The Superintendent also is instructing all Principals to meet with their teachers and staff to review the dress code and remind them that their political opinions should not be shared with students,” she said.
[This school staged a ‘Color Wars' pep rally. Then students showed up in ‘White Pride' shirts.]
The incident drew sharp criticism from some Georgia officials.
“It's just shocking — you can't do that to kids,” state Rep. Earl Ehrhart (R) told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. “That's so wrong on so many levels. That individual doesn't need to be anywhere near a classroom ever again.”
State Rep. John Carson (R), whose district includes River Ridge High School, told the newspaper in an email it was attempted to silence conservative free speech.
It's not the first time a school has drawn controversy over action taken against political displays in the classroom.
Last August, Mariah Havard wore a shirt emblazoned with “Black Lives Matter” to picture day at her high school in Buckeye, Ariz. In a widely shared Facebook post, Havard said she was told her shirt was “disruptive in a learning environment” and was asked to change into a plain white T-shirt. A week later, after another student at the school was asked to remove a “Black Lives Matter” shirt, a small group of students staged a walkout over the incidents.
“We're not trying to start a race war,” Genesis Santoyo, Havard's friend, told the Arizona Republic. “We're trying to end one.”
i woke up this very morning knowing that it's picture day for my school we all know as Buckeye Union High School – BUHSD… Posted by Mariah Havard on Tuesday, August 23, 2016
During the presidential campaign, Grant Berardo, then a high school junior in central New Jersey, wore a “TRUMP Make American Great Again!” shirt on picture day. When his yearbook arrived, however, he noticed his photo had been edited so the campaign slogan was missing, leaving a plain black shirt. Outraged, Berardo's parents accused Wall Township public schools of censorship. At least two other students there, including Wyatt Dobrovich-Fago and his sister, Montana, had similar experiences:
In a statement, the superintendent of the Wall Township school district said they were “equally outraged” and did not condone the “disturbing” yearbook edits. The high school's yearbook adviser was later suspended, and the incident even caught the attention of the president himself.
“Thank you Wyatt and Montana — two young Americans who aren't afraid to stand up for what they believe in. Our movement to #MAGA is working because of great people like you!” Trump wrote on Facebook. The post also noted the students had received more “Make America Great Again” paraphernalia.
Thank you Wyatt and Montana — two young Americans who aren't afraid to stand up for what they believe in. Our movement to #MAGA is working because of great people like you! Posted by Donald J. Trump on Monday, June 19, 2017
Read more:
A book about a dress-loving boy was supposed to teach kids acceptance — until lawmakers complained
A teacher's solution to buy school supplies for her classroom: Panhandling
Teachers gave a teen with ADHD a ‘Most Likely to Not Pay Attention' award
If you're aware of the GOP's unprecedented effort to stop eligible voters from casting a ballot this November, you should probably thank Ari Berman, contributing writer at The Nation and the author of Herding Donkeys:The Fight to Rebuild the Democratic Party and Reshape American Politics.
For more than a year, Berman has been waging a one-man war on the GOP's voter suppression efforts. In this Q and A with The National Memo, he explains how this coordinated effort to deny the vote to core members of Obama's winning coalition from 2008 could still swing the 2012 election, despite some recent victories in federal court.
When were you first alerted to what you've called “The GOP War on Voting”?
Following the 2010 election, 38 state legislatures introduced bills to restrict the right to vote and more than a dozen states passed new voting restrictions. I began to see snippets of news coverage in early 2011 on these laws, but no one had done a big piece showing how this was a coordinated push by Republicans in state after state to restrict the right to vote at every level of the electoral process. That's what inspired me to write the article “The GOP War on Voting,” in the September 15, 2011, issue of Rolling Stone. The feedback since then has been extraordinary. I've been on the voter suppression beat ever since.
There have only been a handful of successful voting impersonation prosecutions in America. And the evidence that this kind of fraud has ever swung an election just doesn't exist. Is there any real proof proponents have offered?
There's no proof of rampant or significant voter fraud deciding American elections. The Bush administration did a major investigation of “voter fraud” between 2002-2007 and didn't prosecute a single person for voter impersonation. The state of Pennsylvania, which passed a voter ID law in 2012 that was purportedly designed to stop in-person voter fraud, admitted in a recent court filing: “there have been no investigations or prosecutions of in-person voter fraud in Pennsylvania; and the parties do not have direct personal knowledge of any such investigations or prosecutions in other states.” So this is really a phantom menace. Republicans are hyping voter fraud in order to mask the real purpose of these laws, which is to reduce turnout among Democratic-affiliated constituencies — namely low-income, student and minority voters — who are most negatively impacted by these new voting restrictions.
What do you think about the comparisons to Jim Crow laws, poll taxes, and literacy tests?
The comparisons are sadly accurate. There are a number of costs associated with voter ID laws. In states like Texas, which offered a “free” ID for voting, you need to pay for underlying documents, like a birth certificate, in order to get that ID. You also need to pay to get to a DMV office, which can be very difficult if you don't have a car. Only 81 of 254 counties in Texas have a DMV office. A federal court in Washington found that Texas's law violated the Voting Rights Act precisely because it discriminated against low-income voters, who are disproportionately black or Hispanic in the state. “A law that forces poorer citizens to choose between their wages and their franchise unquestionably denies or abridges their right to vote,” the court wrote.
One of the most disappointing things that supporters of these voting restrictions can point to is the fact that voter ID restrictions poll extremely well. Are there any arguments you're hearing that make the case against voting restrictions in a way the public grasps?
According to the Brennan Center for Justice, 10 percent of eligible voters don't have government-issued IDs. That's a lot of people, but it also means that most Americans do have ID, so I'm not surprised that voter ID laws poll well. I think more Americans need to understand a few basic facts: a) there is no evidence of voter fraud that a voter ID law would stop; b) a significant percentage of Americans don't have these IDs and don't have access to the underlying documents needed to get the IDs; c) these laws are a politically motivated attempt by Republicans to shape an electorate in their own favor before anyone has even cast a ballot; d) these laws are expensive to implement, costing millions of dollars, and that money would be better spent elsewhere; e) these laws will create confusion and long lines at polling places, which will negatively impact a large number of voters who have valid ID; f) voting, unlike buying Sudafed or flying on a plane, is a constitutionally protected right that people have died for in this country and is something we shouldn't restrict without a significant and compelling reason to do so; g) we should be making it easier, not harder, for all eligible voters in this country to cast a ballot.
894
0
0
0
34
928
22 · 21 comments
Randia mods remove post related to bengal riots again
· 2 comments
So this guy doxxed the kid involved in sharing the pic after which there were riots. Nope, no ban. Sharing personal info. is against reddit rules!
3 · 6 comments
Ayyy... Don't make fun of China. Let them step on Indian territory or even conquer Bhutan.
3 · 3 comments
/r/India mods can't take a joke now. A Google search showing results of North India vs South India, removed from the frontpage without giving any reason!
3 · 2 comments
TIL Hindus are cancer to the society and Hinduism has institutionalised and has been built around "fanaticism".
3 · 7 comments
WTF? This hasn't been removed from randia? Openly critical of Muslims? Where is the Muslim loving Mod now? 😁
4 · 4 comments
"Kill him, lynch him, Maro gandu ko, Maa chod do bahen ke Lund ki" .... Will /r/India mods ban these users?
4 · 2 comments
Muslim redditors, what is your opinion on the state of affairs at randia?
2 · 1 comment
Hindus lynching other folks folks the FP with posts while Muslims lynching other folks only gets one post. Muslim redditors, do you think this is fair?
12 · 5 comments
We need a petition to change /r/India to /r/Islam or /r/AAP
Did Edward Snowden's revelations on NSA surveillance compromise the ability of intelligence agencies to monitor terrorist groups? Contrary to lurid claims made by U.S. officials, a new independent analysis of the subject says no. As reported by NBC:
“.…Flashpoint Global Partners, a private security firm, examined the frequency of releases and updates of encryption software by jihadi groups….. It found no correlation in either measure to Snowden's leaks about the NSA's surveillance techniques, which became public beginning June 5, 2013.”
The report itself goes on to make the point that, “Well prior to Edward Snowden, online jihadists were already aware that law enforcement and intelligence agencies were attempting to monitor them.” This point would seem obvious in light of the fact that terrorist groups have been employing tactics to evade digital surveillance for years. Indeed, such concerns about their use of sophisticated encryption technology predate even 9/11. Contrary to claims that such groups have fundamentally altered their practices due to information gleaned from these revelations, the report concludes. “The underlying public encryption methods employed by online jihadists do not appear to have significantly changed since the emergence of Edward Snowden.”
These findings are notable both for empirical rigor through which they ascertained, and their contradiction of apparently baseless statements made by high-ranking U.S. officials regarding the impact of the leaks on U.S. national security. This is particularly important as it pertains to the ongoing public debate over the alleged threat of ISIS. In making his case that the danger from ISIS to the United States is “imminent”, Marco Rubio recently claimed that the group has: “…learned a lot about our intelligence-gathering capabilities through a series of disclosures and other sorts of things, and they have become increasingly capable of evading detection.”
Earlier this month former NSA head Michael Hayden also stated, “The changed communications practices and patterns of terrorist groups following the Snowden revelations have impacted our ability to track and monitor these groups”, while Matthew Olsen of the National Counterterrorism Centre would add “Following the disclosure of the stolen NSA documents, terrorists are changing how they communicate to avoid surveillance.”
Olsen went on to say that terrorist groups are, “….moving to more secure communications platforms, using encryption and avoiding electronic communications altogether.” In fact, it's well known that terrorist groups have employed such tactics as a means to protect their data and communications for years. Correspondingly, it's difficult to imagine how statements suggesting that such tactics are new developments prompted by Snowden could be made in good faith.
Contrary to official statements and farcical attempts to launder information through pliant media outlets, no substantive case has ever been made that the Snowden revelations have harmed the ability of intelligence agencies to monitor terrorist organizations. The source of this most recent study is notable as it comes from a private security firm whose analysts actually have in past been accused of threat inflation; and yet who nevertheless conclude that the danger from extremist groups has not been materially impacted by the Snowden leaks.
Snowden's critics have accused his actions of contributing from everything from the rise of ISIS to Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Seemingly every possible failure of the U.S. intelligence community has been attributed back to his disclosures, yet upon further analysis these allegations have always been revealed to be unfounded. Now, in an attempt to both build consensus for a new conflict in Iraq and distract from the ongoing erosion of domestic civil liberties, it is again being insinuated that his revelations have aided terrorists and made the United States less secure.
This most recent study is the most comprehensive repudiation of these charges to date. Contrary to lurid claims to the contrary, the facts demonstrate that terrorist organizations have not benefited from the NSA revelations, nor have they substantially altered their behavior in response to them. Despite this, don't expect to hear any change in the rhetoric of those who have been baselessly insisting otherwise.
(AP Photo/Raqqa Media Center of the Islamic State group, File)
Microsoft will ship DirectX 12 alongside Windows 10 in 2015, the computing firm has announced.
The company has also revealed the latest version of its DirectX API will be supported by Unreal Engine 4.4. Developers in the Early Access program who subscribe to UE4 will also have access to the DX12 port of the engine.
DirectX 12 was revealed during GDC earlier this year. It has been designed to work across multiple platforms including PC, Xbox One, tablets and smartphones. At the time DirectX 12 was shown off with a tech demo of Forza 5 running on a PC powered by an Nvidia Geforce Titan Black.
Microsoft claims the API reduces CPU overhead significantly compared to the previous version, and was designed from scratch to take full advantage of advanced GPU hardware features on new-gen systems.
Venezuela to expel Al Jazeera journalists
Venezuela on Tuesday was set to expel a crew of Al Jazeera journalists who were intending to cover an opposition march against President Nicolas Maduro, the country's union of journalists said.
With Venezuela in the throes of severe economic and political crises, the opposition has called for a march on Caracas on Thursday to press its constitutionally sanctioned demand for a referendum to remove Maduro.
The authorities detained three employees of the Qatar-based channel when they arrived Monday at Maiquetia international airport outside Caracas, the National Union of Press Workers (SNTP) said on Twitter.
Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro delivers a speech during in Caracas on July 28, 2016 ©Federico Parra (AFP/File)
"Teresa Bo, correspondent, Lagmi Chavez, producer, and a cameraman (from) @AlJazeera were detained in Maiquetia," the SNTP tweeted, saying their equipment was confiscated.
The cameraman was named in local media reports as Mariano Rosendi.
The journalists travelled from Argentina but are to be deported to Colombia, the SNTP added.
Media rights groups frequently criticize Venezuela for violating the freedom of the press. One local group, Espacio Publico, registered 286 incidents last year, mainly in the form of intimidation and harassment.
“The greatest danger in most of us lies in not setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our goal too low, and achieving our mark.” – Michelagelo
We all want to do big things in life. High goals, high ambitions, it serves well to DREAM BIG BABY! We've all felt those moments of incredible inspiration. You just watched an inspiring film or listening to motivational music; you saw one of your favorite celebrities or rock stars and know that that is where you want to be. You start to feel charged up. You know you can do it, you can feel what you are going to become. There is no one who can stop you. You can tackle any problem. You are going to get that goal. Then one week later, you're lying in bed eating a Snickers bar and struggling to muster up the motivation to get going.
What happened? Where did all the inspiration go?
Motivation Doesn't Work
Motivation is an excellent catalyst for getting you inspired and fired up and going; but it's fleeting. It comes in selective moments, and you can't count on it to stick around. Instead, you must tune your attention into the habits that dictate nearly 95% of how you conduct your day.
The problem with the “dream big” culture that we've been created as a society is that it glorifies end results and undervalues the hard work and persistence it took to get there. We teach reaching for the stars and dream big instead of work hard and be persistent. Execution is 10x more valuable than ideas. You should have ambitious goals and lofty inspiration, but that hardly paints half the picture. There's a reason why there are a so many inspiring musicians, yet only a select few stars. There is a reason so many new businesses are created, yet 90% of all startups fail. So where are people falling short? Too much value is placed on the end results instead of the hard work and persistance. How can you start working harder and being more persistant with your goals? By building the right habits.
Dreaming Big with Baby Steps
When sizing up these big and ambitious goals, it can become quite intimidating. I echo Michelangelo's words in that you should have high expectations and goals in life, but it's equally important to recognize that those ambitions alone won't get you there. Over the years, we develop customary habits and routines that direct just about 95% of our decisions throughout the day.
Targeting those habitual routines is where you will develop the results for the big dreams you're shooting for.
As much as you want to achieve superhero status by tomorrow, it works best to start small by helping the old lady cross the street first. Think of it as a macro goal achieved by micro steps. The reason why so many New Year Resolutions fail is that we bite of more than we can chew. You create this ambitious goal of where you're at (Point A) and where you want to be (Point B), but forget to draw in the dotted-lines on the map for how you're going to get there. Macro goals are only achieved with micro steps.
And I mean starting off really small.
Instead of saying I will eat only healthy foods, say I will drink one extra glass of water with breakfast. Instead of saying I will exercise every day for an hour, say I will exercise twice a week for 20 minutes. Instead of saying I will create a company generating $3,000/month, say I will focus on getting one paying customer. Instead of saying I will floss after brushing my teeth, say I will start with just 1 tooth. If you exceed your goal, great! But the point is to make it so simply it's almost impossible to fail. Building momentum and chalking up small wins counts big time. The small wins are what gets new habits in motion.
Get Visual With Your Goals
Visualization is an excellent tool for putting your brain in goal striving mode, but make sure you are visualizing the right thing. Again, we put way too much emphasis on the big aspirations, rather than the progressional steps and hard work to get there.
A psychology study at UCLA performed an experiment on visualization for those who visualized the end result (the macro goal) such as doing well on an exam, versus those who visualized the process (the micro steps) of the study and preparation for what it would take to get that end result. I'm sure you can guess which group performed better.
You've been training hard for a marathon. don't visualize yourself sprinting across the finish line with arms raised in success, instead envision yourself waking up early and training hard before work.
You're starting a new business with a friend. don't visualize yourself sitting back counting $100 bills on a beach with your new brilliant idea, instead envision yourself talking to customers, doing market research, and putting in the extra hours to help your company grow.
You want to start a new diet and get in shape. don't visualize yourself standing in the mirror with a fresh new six pack, instead envision yourself choosing healthy foods over junk food and making small progress in your workouts.
It's important to keep the big picture in mind (the macro goal) of where you want to get, certainly, but we put far too much attention and energy into that instead of changing the habits (the micro steps) that will actually get you there. An intense focus on the baby steps for what it'll take to get your goal is more effective than focusing on the goal itself.
Filling in the Visuals with Vivid Details
You be tempting to write a rigorous schedule for achieving those big aspirations. I'll wake up at 7am every day, exercise for one hour before work, go to work until 6, come home, one hour of piano practice starting at 7:30, followed by two hours working on my side project, and finally one hour of reading before bed.
These schedules don't work. They don't take the natural ebbs and flow of life into consideration. Instead of trying to compartmentalize your life into little cell blocks and scheduled moments for creating new habits, it is much more effective to write out very descriptively of what it looks like when you are following the new habit you want to create.
Describe the atmosphere, what you are wearing, how you are feeling, the thoughts running through your mind, any potential factor in what the scenario may look like. All these things construct a simulation in your mind's eye, so that when the future situation actually does occur, you already have readied blue-print for how to respond.
“I am getting home from work, and as I open the kitchen door, I am tempted to reach for a box of cookies sitting in the pantry. I know full well that all I am looking for is a temporary sugar high, and that my mood will be better elevated in the long run and if I opt for the healthier option. I'll not only feel better about myself, but it'll fit in alignment with my fitness goals.”
“It's around 8pm and I don't have any more work to do. I know I should start on the side project I've been trying to create, but I am tempted to bounce around between checking Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn and then repeat repeat. I will recognize that this is looking for mindless fillers to take up my time with, and that there are better ways to get value from my time. I most likely am I lying in bed, and feeling lazy to get going. I will remember that simply getting started is the first step, and will promptly sit up straight, pull out my laptop, and get started on one small step. If I am still having trouble getting started, I will do 25 jumping jacks to get some blood flowing.”
Planning this way is so much more effective than writing out a schedule for a variety of reasons:
1) You won't get down on yourself when you fall astray from your new routine (eventually you will). By saying I will only eat healthy foods or I will work out 5 times per week, you're setting yourself up for the disappointment that arises when you have a slip up and fail to do your new routine. Habits do not become introduced overnight. This method is extremely positive focused. There is no room for the disappointment, because you're not trying to create new habits overnight. Instead, you are creating a very descriptive blueprint for what it looks like when your habit is in motion.
2) You plan for the if->then. Once again, motivation is fleeting. You aren't always going to be fired up 100% of the time. What this type of planning does so effectively is introduced the if->then statement. If I am feeling lazy, I will do 25 jumping jacks to get the blood flowing. If I am feeling too lazy to go exercise, I will watch a motivational video first. Progress comes from consistency, and motivation is not consistent.
Putting it All Together
I don't mean to undervalue the importance of setting big goals. This year, I want to become tri-lingual, start 2 companies, get a defined 6-pack, have more at least 15 lucid dreams, and get insanely good at the piano. But none of that is going to come over night. Be specific with what your aspirations are. Write them out. Then more importantly, focus on building the habits that will put those goals into motion.
We typically spend 90% of our time fantasizing on what we want to become and 10% focusing on doing the nitty gritty. Those numbers should be reversed. Glorify hard work! And pat yourself on the back when you get those small incremental wins. Personal development is something we all do. The soul craves it. But to get to that highest vision of self, you have to start will the bundle of habits that define yourself.
As my dude Aristotle eloquently put it, “We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.”
Candela
La Flor Dominicana Double Claro No. 42
A brief word on candela wrappers, as it seems that any candela review is required to mention it: The candela wrapper is specially cured to fix the chlorophyl in the leaf and retain a green color. (You can get the same effect by bombarding a normal cigar with gamma radiation and then getting it angry.) They used to be very popular, particularly in America, but fell out of fashion and are now some of the least produced types of wrapper. In the last few years, a few companies have attempted to revive this style, which has a unique and distinct taste. There were only a few brands that make a candela cigar to choose from for this review (Arturo Fuente, Illusione, La Flor Dominicana, Camacho, and La Gloria Cubana), and I opted to go for La Flor Dominicana's offering. For this review I chose the “No. 42” vitola, because it has the smallest ring gauge, and really shows off the flavor of the candela wrapper.
Statistics
CotM: June 2012
Chosen by: YaDamnSkippy
YaDamnSkippy
Shape: Parejo
Size: 5″1/2 x 42
Country of Origin: Dominican Republic
Wrapper: Ecuadorian Candela
Binder: Nicaraguan
Filler: Dominican
Color: Candela
Strength: Medium
Price Paid: $5.19
Smoke Date: 5/09/13
Age: 5 weeks
Accessories Used
Cuban Crafters Perfect Cutter (Silver & Carbon Fiber), Bugatti B-2002 lighter with “pyramid” double-flame torch, Handmade English walnut ashtray made by wedgewoodrings.
Pairing
Ti Kuan Yin loose leaf oolong tea in a small porcelain teapot (Adagio PersonaliTEA) and matching Asian style (no handle) teacup. The honeysuckle and nutty flavors of the tea were perfect with the green pepper and toast flavors of the double claro. I can't think of a better breakfast smoke combo.
Appearance/Nose
The stick was smooth and olive-green with a few medium veins. The texture and shape reminded me of a branch of a tree we have out here in the desert called palo verde. The band is black, red, and gold, with a bit of green gradient at the bottom. Personally, I think it clashes a bit with the green cigar. The nose was barnyard and tea.
Construction
The construction was solid, with a slightly soft spot near the head. Though the cigar was cylindrical, the foot looked box-pressed and was square, with brown filler contrasting against the candela wrapper. The wrapper itself was very thick and flexibile, a bit like a fresh leaf. The burn cannot be described as anything but perfect. it was razor-sharp through the whole stick. The ash stayed put for about an inch at a time. It probably would have held on longer, but I didn't want to risk making a mess.
Cold Draw
The cold draw was a little tight, with a very strong taste of green tea. Quit nice.
Smoking
First third
The draw opened up immediately. no problems there. From the start, this stick started billowing creamy white smoke.
There was nothing grassy about this cigar, but there was a taste of something “green” in there. It's a bit of spice, somewhere between a bell pepper and a jalapeño. There was also a taste of coffee and toast. (Am I hungry, or does this cigar taste like breakfast!?)
Second third
Into the second third, the flavor profile didn't change much, if at all. Green bell pepper, mild spice, coffee, and wheat toast.
Despite the lack of a change, I can't find anything to complain about, because the flavors were delicious!
Final third
Some change finally came. A bit of oily butter got mixed in. Now that toasty flavor turned into buttered toast. Otherwise, the green pepper and light coffee stay put. The breakfast buffet continues.
At the end, the green pepper came out in full. It was now a serrano pepper for sure. Lots of peppery spice.
Notes
Draw: Smooth from start to finish
Body: M ild-medium
Primary Flavors: B ell pepper, serrano pepper, wheat toast
Smoke Output: M edium-full
Smoke Time: 1 hour, 20 minutes
Overall
I was really surprised by this stick. The smaller ring gauge of the No. 42 allows the wrapper to really stand out strongly, and imparts a green-peppery taste that is unusual and delicious. The lack of transformation can be forgiven, as the flavor profile is complex and fantastic from the start. I will definitely be getting some more of these. While it's not perfect for every occasion, and would probably be overpowered by coffee, ale, or whiskey, it is a perfect morning smoke with a pot of tea.
Rating
I wasn't expecting to fall in love with these tender little muffin gems. But I totally did!Theseare infused with warm spices including cinnamon and a hint of cayenne. Tropical banana, energizing citrus and an undertone of vanilla in each bite. These muffins have a dose of super foodpowder which adds aaccent. Crunchy chia seeds are speckled throughout to add fiber and enhance the pillow-y muffin texture... Maca is known as being an energizing super food. It may even help with sugar cravings and hormone balancing. (more on maca below)Whip up these sweet little energy bites and pair them with your morning or afternoon cup of tea of coffee! Or pair a warm muffin with a frosty smoothie like I did today for lunch!You know I love chia seeds, so I am happy that they make a generous appearance in this recipe. Speckled throughout and over top each muffin, healthy chia seeds are a perky addition. Chia seeds contain fiber, healthy omega 3 fatty acids, protein, calcium, phosphorus, manganese and zinc.More Chia Seed Recipes.. Maui Bagels with grilled banana and chia seedsI just started using maca in my smoothies and I am not totally convinced of its superpower claims, but I can say that it has given me some added energy. Placebo effect? Maybe. But I have read several articles on maca and it seems to have a good reputation as a superfood. Interested in learning some more details? Check out these articles:* Maca on Girlie Girl Army * Maca on Natural News From Natural news:But just so you know, if you do not have maca or want to use it in the muffins, you can easily substitute more flour in its place. And the muffins will still be quite yummy.(per muffin, 11 muffins in each batch)..dry:1/2 cup whole wheat flour1/3 cup white flour3/4 cup organic sugar (I used Florida Crystals)3/4 tsp salt2 tsp baking powder3/4 tsp cinnamon2-3 pinches cayenne1/4 cup maca powderwet:1/4 cup virgin coconut oil or safflower oil (or another vegetable oil)1/2 cup almond milk, vanilla1/2 cup warm water + 2 tsp chia seeds3 Tbsp tangerine or orange juice (fresh)pinch of freshly grated orange or tangerine zest1 tsp vanilla extract1 banana, mashedon top: pinch of sugar + pinch of chia seeds* 1/4 cup shredded coconut* 1/3 cup dark chocolate chips or chunks* 1/4 cup chopped walnuts or pecans* 1/4 cup wild blueberries* 2 Tbsp rolled oats1. Preheat oven to 350 degrees. Line or grease you muffin baking pan.2. Stir the water and chia seeds together. Allow to sit for about five minutes to plump the seeds a bit.3. Combine all dry ingredients in mixing bowl.4. Stir in the wet ingredients. Mix until smoothed. You can use a beater on the lowest setting if desired.5. Fill muffin tins and add a pinch of sugar and seeds over top each muffin. Bake for 15-20 minutes or until the tops begin to brown and the muffins are cooked through the middle.Cool. Serve.I posted a 6-second video onof these muffins! But you will have to follow me to view it, as I forgot to create a link! I did link to this video though.. Fully Loaded PB Toast . Anyone else loving vine App??
The way he looks at her is just really sweet..
-He usually looks at people that way..ㅎㅎ Even if it's his first time seeing that person..
-Irene is so pretty.. I like her so much..
-Jonghyun is so handsome.. So sweet..
-Whoa.. The way he looks at her is really heart-flutteringㅠㅠ
-Jonghyun always stare at people warmly like that..ㅠㅠㅠ
-Seo Janghoon in the back is also looking at her in the same way..
-He also looks at Soojung and Yerim that way..ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ The king of being friendlyㅋㅋ
-He's really famous for being so sweet when he stares at someoneㅋㅋㅋ He also stares at men with exactly the same wayㅋㅋㅋ
-Jonghyun's eyes when he smiles look really cute..
-There's a galaxy in his eyes..
-Seo Janghoon looks happier than Jonghyun, when he sees Ireneㅋㅋㅋ
-I know right.. His gaze makes people misunderstandㅠㅠ He also looks at Taeyeon the same way when he sings their duet together on the same stage..
-I mean.. Irene is pretty, I, who is a woman, would look at her with the same way if she was standing in front of me..
-Oh my goodness.. What a nice sight I'm looking at here.. Jonghyun is a really sweet man..
-You haven't seen him staring at Taemin..
-I think my heart has stopped beating..
-Whoa.. Hul.. That's so sweet..
-Sweet-Jjongㅠㅠㅠ
-Jonghyun also looks at his pen the same way when he uses it to write lyrics..
-The woman who's going to be Jonghyun's wife in the future is the luckiest woman in this whole world..
-Is it possible to not like Irene?ㅎㅎㅎ
Ad-blocking apps have surged to the top of Apple's paid iPhone app chart in the US, just days after the release of iOS 9. As of Friday morning, ad-blocking apps accounted for three of the top five paid apps, and four of the top 20. Peace, which launched yesterday at a price of $2.99, is currently at the top spot, followed by Crystal ($0.99) at number two and Purify Blocker ($3.99) at number four.
Read next: The iPhone 6S review.
There's been a lot of recent debate around the ethics of ad-blocking, following the release of the WebKit Content Blocker API in iOS 9, which allows for developers to block ads in Apple's Safari mobile browser. Proponents of the software frame the issue as a matter of consumer choice, while others say the spread of ad-blocking could threaten the revenue model for most news sites and online publishers. Others have noted the irony of paying to block ads (which effectively pay for free content), though as Apple's recent charts show, it's a price many are willing to pay.
By Giulio Caperchi
This post was originally published on the Small Planet Institute website on November 26 2013
Buckled hats, golden leaves, roasted turkeys and steaming ears of corn. Hardy Pilgrims and noble Wampanoag tribesmen sharing hard-earned food in a mutual gesture of thanks for the bounty bestowed upon the table. No myth has a hold on the American collective imagination as the myth of the First Thanksgiving. It predates all political and military founding stories and conjures images of an innocent, pastoral past.
Without a doubt, Thanksgiving is the quintessential all-American holiday. As such, the tale of how the First Thanksgiving happened plays an important role in defining Americanness. Much has been said about what factually happened on the third Thursday of October 1621, with historians arguing over who attended and who brought what to the dinner table. But it is equally important to engage with the actual myth we have created, as founding myths are central to the way a community of people thinks of itself. [i]
In our case, reading between the lines of the first legendary Thanksgiving menu might yield a surprising new interpretation of what it means to be American.
On the First Thanksgiving at Plymouth Plantation, we are told, Governor William Bradford and the Pilgrims were joined by ninety members of the Wampanoag Confederacy led by their sachem Massasoit in an outdoor feast celebrating the autumn harvest. Following the infamous First Winter, which felled many brave Pilgrims, an English-speaking native named Squanto taught the distraught Colony how to plant corn in the Wampanoag fashion. His simple lesson saved them from starvation.
The three-day-long feast was thus meant to thank God and the Wampanoag people for a bountiful harvest and has today come to symbolize an instance of intercultural harmony and dialogue. So what exactly was Squanto supposed to have taught the Pilgrims?
While there is much debate, a common version of the myth tells us that Squanto taught the Englishmen a Native American agricultural practice called the Three Sisters, a polycultural technique involving the planting of squash, beans and corn in close proximity. The three different plants bring mutual benefits to each other allowing them to grow faster and healthier than if on their own, while simultaneously providing excellent sources of protein, carbohydrates and other essential micronutrients.
Researchers tell us today that the Native American tribes of southern New England made their living through horticulture, hunting and fishing. As hunting was traditionally a male endeavor, women were the expert agronomists. They used bio-indicators (the changing color of certain leaves, for example) and the position of the stars to know when to plant or harvest. They fertilized the soil with ash and probably with fish remains and knew when to leave the land fallow. They selected specific varieties of corn and bean seeds best suited for their particular microclimates. Their agricultural practices took advantage of the natural synergies found spontaneously in nature, as in the example of the Three Sisters: beans fixing nitrogen in the soil while climbing the stalks of corn, and the squash's large foliage starving nasty weeds of sunlight.[ii]
The type of horticulture they practiced was knowledge intensive. Today, these same techniques have been extensively researched and are part of a growing discipline called agroecology. Simply put, agroecology consists of the application of ecological science to the growing of crops and the management of farms. Agroeocological farms are usually small and very diversified, forgoing chemical fertilizers, thereby minimizing the need for fossil fuels. Just like those of the Wampanoag's, agroecological systems are polycultural and many experiments have proven that their diversity makes them more resilient to climate change than monocultures. Other tests have shown that on average small farms produce more food per acre than large industrial ones. In fact, a University of Michigan study calculated that, contrary to what many critics say, if we were to switch to this type of sustainable agriculture it could produce enough food to satisfy the needs of every human being and projected population growth.[iii]
Thus, if we are to believe the First Thanksgiving myth, the Pilgrims would not have survived another unforgiving New England winter without the Wampanoag's lesson in agroecology.
Ironically, today some insist that industrial agriculture is quintessentially American. They assert that chemical-intensive and GMO-powered giant farms are the only actors capable of feeding the world. But what if these views are the real myths?
The sustainable alternative to industrial agriculture is here; it is grounded in scientific research and has proven to work. Moreover, agroecology may be traced back to the original cultures of the Americas. So this Thanksgiving let us celebrate what we know is not a myth: that ancient wisdom that made this great holiday possible in the first place.
[i] For an idea of how the myth of the First Thanksgiving has been reinterpreted throughout American history see James Baker, Thanksgiving: The Biography of an American Holiday (Hanover, NH: University Press of New England, 2009)
[ii] For an in-depth study of New England Native American agricultural practices see Carolyn Merchant, Ecological Revolutions: Nature, Gender and Science in New England, (Chapel Hill: University of
North Carolina Press, 1989)
The quantum vacuum has fascinated physicists ever since Hendrik Casimir and Dirk Polder suggested in 1948 that it would exert a force on a pair of narrowly separated conducting plates. Their idea was eventually confirmed when the force was measured in 1997. Just how to exploit this force is still not clear, however.
In recent years, a new way of thinking about the quantum vacuum has emerged which has vastly more potential. And today, one physicist describes how it could be used to create propulsion.
Before we discuss that, let's track back a little. According to quantum mechanics, any vacuum will be filled with electromagnetic waves leaping in and out of existence. It turns out that these waves can have various measurable effects, such as the Casimir-Polder force.
The new approach focuses on the momentum associated with these electromagnetic fields rather than the force they exert. The question is whether it is possible to modify this momentum because, if you can, you should receive an equal and opposite kick. That's what rocket scientists call propulsion.
Today, Alex Feigel at the Soreq Nuclear Research Center, a government lab in Yavne Israel, suggests an entirely new way to modify the momentum of the quantum vacuum and how this can be exploited to generate propulsion.
Feigel's approach combines two well-established ideas. The first is the Lorentz force experienced by a charged particle in electric and magnetic fields that are crossed. The second is the magnetoelectric effect–the phenomenon in which an external magnetic field induces a polarised internal electric field in certain materials and vice versa.
The question that Feigel asks is in what circumstances the electromagnetic fields in a quantum vacuum can exert a Lorentz force. The answer is that the quantum vacuum constantly interacts with magnetoelectric materials generating Lorentz forces. Most of the time, however, these forces sum to zero.
Hwever, Feigel says there are four cases in which the forces do not sum to zero. Two of these are already known, for example confining the quantum field between two plates, which excludes longer wavelength waves.
But Feigel says the two others offer entirely new ways to exploit the quantum vacuum using magnetoelectric nanoparticles to interact with the electromagnetic fields it contains.
The first method is to rapidly aggregate a number of magnetoelectric nanoparticles, a process which influences the boundary conditions for higher frequency electromagnetic waves, generating a force.
The second is simply to rotate a group of magnetoelectric nanoparticles, which also generates a Lorentz force.
Either way, the result is a change in velocity. As Feigel puts it: “mechanical action of quantum vacuum on magneto-electric objects may be observable and have a significant value.”
The beauty of Feigel's idea is that it can be easily tested. He suggests building an addressable array of magnetoelectric nanoparticles, perhaps made of a material such as FeGaO3 which has a magnetoelectric constant of 10^-4 in a weak magnetic field.
These nanoparticles simply have to be rotated in the required way to generate a force. Feigel calls it a magnetoelectric quantum wheel.
Of course, nobody is getting a free lunch here. “Although the proposed engine will consume energy for manipulation of the particles, the propulsion will occur without any loss of mass,” says Feigel. He even suggests, with masterful understatement, that this might have practical implications.
So here is a high-risk idea with a huge potential payoff. The question is: who has the balls to try it?
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/0912.1031: A Magneto-Electric Quantum Wheel
Leeches helping scientists study mammals in world's most remote forests
Updated
Scientists from Australia and Papua New Guinea are using a new technique to discover which mammals species live in some of the world's most remote forests.
Key points: Scientists collect DNA from leeches, dung beetles, mosquitos
Their diet can reveal the number and range of wildlife in isolated and threatened places
Collection can be done by villagers in remote areas who have knowledge about the animals
The researchers, from the University of Papua New Guinea and James Cook University, are not observing the mammals themselves, they are analysing the DNA of the insects which feed on their blood.
Scientists will collect DNA from leeches and other "surrogates" to see what their diet can reveal about the number and range of wildlife in isolated and threatened places.
Mark Ziembicki, a senior research fellow at James Cook University, is working on the pilot study.
"One of the techniques that's been recently developed is to look at using surrogates for what's in the forest," he said.
"For example leeches and dung beetles and mosquitoes all feed on what's in the forest.
"So rather than actually sample for the animals themselves, we're sampling for the leeches and this sort of animals to see whether we can use them to determine what's in the forest."
Dr Ziembicki said the method could be of particular use in a rugged and undeveloped country like PNG.
"Papua New Guinea has these extraordinary natural wonders and from a scientific perspective we know very little about it," he said.
"Part of the reason is because it's a really difficult place to work.
"The topography is challenging, the rainforest is really dense and thick, so it's really hard to find a lot of the animals in the forest."
But insects like leeches are doing the hard work already, collecting DNA from the mammals they are feeding on.
"So rather than directly observing the animals themselves, we're using these proxies if you like, or sending out little robots to collect the samples for us, in a way," Dr Ziembicki said.
Saving a forest 'requires knowing what you're saving'
The collection method is simple — find the leeches and put them in ethanol for later analysis in a laboratory.
Gabriel Porolak, from the University of Papua New Guinea, said collection could be done by villagers in remote areas, who already have a lot of traditional knowledge about the animals of the bush.
"There are some elusive species out there which they don't know, and this technique will help them to know what they are missing or what they think is not there anymore is still there," he said.
Mr Porolak said the research was timely, because Papua New Guineans were beginning to notice their own increasing impact on the forest.
"It has always been a part of their life, but because of increased human population it's gotten out of hand, so there's more demand for land and for forest products," he said.
"They're using it in a non-sustainable way, so the direction for conservation is to help them keep on using it, but in a more sustainable manner."
Mr Porolak hopes this research will help conservation efforts around PNG.
"In terms of conservation you can't just save a forest, you have to know what you're saving," he said.
"So knowing what's out there helps to leverage your claim for pledging your land for conservation."
The pilot study will run for several months and will hopefully lead to a full research project that surveys many different forests across Papua New Guinea.
Topics: animal-science, conservation, rain-forests-and-forest, papua-new-guinea
First posted
After a train accident that resulted in the loss of his arm, 26-year-old James Young received one of the world's most unique prosthetics. The London-based biology scientist's new bionic arm prototype comes with several futuristic features, inspired by popular video game franchise Metal Gear Solid, Inhabitat reports.
When Young was 22, he fell under a train. His left leg was severed below the knee and his left arm was eventually amputated altogether, leaving him with an uncomfortable prosthetic that had a hook where the hand would normally be.
His newest limb is a significant improvement. The high-tech gadget is a collaboration between video game company Konami and the Alternative Limb Project, which specializes in making both hyper-realistic prosthetics and unique designs that double as art pieces. Konami created the gadget for Young after he answered an ad seeking an amputee to test their new bionic arm. The high-tech prototype electronically monitors the shoulder's nerve and muscle tissue to perform precise movements on command like a real arm.
Young's prosthetic isn't the first of its kind to use such technology, but it has plenty of other features that set it apart. Borrowing inspiration from the Metal Gear Solid game series, the designer equipped the arm with a built-in flashlight, laser light, USB port, and a remote-controlled drone stored in the shoulder.
Still, it's not a perfect fit yet. The arm isn't waterproof, which means Young has to take it off before hopping in the shower. He also has to remove it before bed, and even when he is awake the 10 pounds of metal attached to his arm is hard to ignore. But the prototype is more than just a prosthetic. According to The Independent, a spokeswoman for Konami described the project as "a kind of social piece" on overcoming disabilities in addition to being a functioning piece of hardware.
James Young's full story is featured in the newly released BBC documentary Bodyhack: Metal Gear Man.
[h/t Inhabitat]
All images courtesy of Alternative Limb Project.
Tell me again, once we deprived al Qaeda of the use of Afghanistan as a base, and once we shot its founding genius through the eye in the dead of night, why is this country still tangled up in Afghanistan, where too many people have wanted to kill too many people for far, far too long?
Tuesday's bombing happened during the morning rush hour in Pul-e-Mahmud, a busy neighbourhood where homes, mosques, schools and businesses nestle close to the Ministry of Defence, other ministries and military compounds. Soldiers and security officers are reported to be among the casualties, but the majority are civilians, says the BBC Afghan Service's Waheed Massoud. The blast shattered windows up to 1.6 km (one mile) away. The Associated Press quoted a police officer as saying it was one of the most powerful explosions he had ever heard, and he could not see or hear anything for 20 minutes after. It appears the initial blast cleared the way for Taliban fighters to enter the area—a commonly used tactic.
(Interesting. The Taliban succeeds with a sort of tactic that failed for Ambrose Burnside and the Army of the Potomac.)
There is no solution to the problem of Afghanistan except a conscious decision made by the people of that country to stop killing each other. This is a solution impervious to outside influence. Going back to Alexander the Great, the great powers have decided that, for their own purposes, they can get the people of Afghanistan to stop killing each other. All that accomplished was giving them an enemy that they could agree temporarily to start killing. Once the outside forces limped back through the Hindu Kush, the people of Afghanistan went right back to killing each other again.
I'm fully aware of the bloody legacy of the various imperialisms that have afflicted this battered place for almost as long as the world has been aware of Afghanistan. I'm fully aware that its impoverished people have been used as pawns by blundering Western opportunists from the Viscount Melbourne to Charlie Wilson. I'm fully aware that its impoverished people have been ground up as empire fodder by everyone from Queen Victoria to Mikhail Gorbachev. All of these things add up to a long, bloody, and tragic history that should have been a caution to American policymakers. All of these things do not add up to a reason for the people of Afghanistan to keep slaughtering each other in the marketplace.
We are trying to create and sustain a country among people who are not sure they really want one, and who are extremely sure that they don't want one that relies on outside support to survive. We've exchanged the British East India Company for Unocal, and the hatred of the oligarchical meddling by Western business interests has been constant and unchanging. We make the same mistakes, over and over again, because we can't get our own vision of Afghanistan out of the way long enough to see the real people who live there.
Unconfirmed claims suggest they managed to breach the defences of the National Directorate of Security, the main spy agency which protects high-ranking government officials. The presidential palace—only a few hundred metres from the blast—condemned the attack "in the strongest possible terms." "Such cowardly terrorist attacks will not weaken the will and determination of Afghan security forces to fight against terrorism."
This is brave talk, but it dodges the question of whether or not the "Afghan security forces" represent the people of Afghanistan or simply "the government." If this is a fight between "terrorism" and "the government," in neither of which is the great mass of the population particularly engaged, then what is this except a battle between forces whose credibility rests on the gun? And what the hell precisely is the dog that the United States of America has in that fight?
The "war on terror?"
What is that anymore?
We sacrificed most of whatever credibility we had as an honest broker in that place when we bailed after the Russians bailed. We sacrificed the rest of it when we briefly made the landscape bounce after 9/11 until the Avignon Presidency got down to its real business of grabbing Iraq oil. I'm not entirely sure what we're propping up there, but it will come to no good end. Please stop killing each other.
Lid of Boston Marathon pressure cooker bomb was found on sixth floor rooftop of hotel 35 yards away - and guests thought it was a hubcap
New crime scene photographs from the first blast confirms that a pressure cooker was used in the device
Lid of pressure cooker found on rooftop of building 35 yards away
Other photographs submitted to the FBI reveal the scene before and after the second bomb detonated
Devices were designed to act as 'Claymore' anti-personnel devices - which are meant to maim on the battlefield
An orange and grey bag can be seen on the opposite side of barriers to spectators before the second blast
The pressure-cooker bombs were packed with shards of metal, nails and ball bearings
Devices are frequently used in Afghanistan, India, Nepal and Pakistan, according to Homeland Security
Advertisement
The force of the first blast at the Boston marathon was so strong, the lid of the pressure cooker bomb was found on the sixth-floor roof of a hotel 35 yards away from the explosion site and is now a vital clue in the investigation.
A guest at the Charlesmark Hotel discovered the crucial piece of evidence just minutes after the blast. He picked up the twisted metal – believing it was a hubcap from a vehicle damaged in the bomb – and gave it to a policeman.
Twenty-four hours later he was quizzed by FBI agents, who revealed the mangled metal was one of the biggest clues so far in the search for the terrorists who killed three and injured 183 others.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT AND VIDEO BELOW
The pressure cooker lid was found on top of the Charlesmark Hotel which is 35 yards away from the explosion site - such was the force of the blast
Map showing the Boston crime scene perimeter where experts are trying to piece together the clues left behind the deadly marathon explosion Forensic investigators look through the top of a building on Boylston Street for clues, two days after the bombs exploded just before the Boston Marathon finish line Investigators are still combing through the area for more vital clues to try and find the person or persons responsible for Monday's bomb
Hotel owner Mark Hagopian said: 'One of the guests had been up on the roof earlier in the day. Immediately after the blast he went back up there and spotted what he thought was a hub cap.
'As it hadn't been there earlier he thought it could have come from a damaged car, so he picked it up and took it downstairs.
'He handed it to a policeman and thought nothing more of it until the FBI contacted him and hotel manager Curt Butcher on Tuesday evening.
'They met for 35 minutes and the FBI confirmed that it was part of the pressure cooker bomb.'
Hogopian, 50, was hosting a marathon party for 100 people when the first bomb exploded on Monday afternoon.
As guests rushed outside the see what was happening, the second bomb went off just yards from the hotel's outdoor patio.
'We were knocked off our feet by the blast and all around us there were bodies – seven or eight people missing limbs' he said.
'There was blood splayed everywhere. It was utter chaos.
'One of the fourth-floor guests went up to the roof to see if he could see what was happening. That's when he found what he thought was the hubcap.
'He handed it to the cop as everyone was being evacuated – at the time it was feared there were more bombs set to go off.
'Now it turns out that piece of metal is a big piece of the evidence. Apparently, forensics should be able to get many more clues from that.
'The FBI also took away video and photos the guest had taken. They are scouring those for further evidence.'
Bomb: The photos were produced by the Joint Terrorism Task Force of Boston and provided to Reuters by a U.S. government official who declined to be identified and show pieces of a stainless steel pressure cooker with an Underwriters Laboratory number. One picture shows the imprint: Gas and Electric
The devices are believed to be pressure cooker bombs — a commonplace cooking utensil in many countries — a piece of which is shown on the left along with remnants of the black nylon bag and on the right, pieces of the sophisticated detonator
Initial examination of the bombs revealed they appeared to utilize battery packs and circuit boards, which indicates a sophisticated triggering mechanism with an 'egg-like' timer.
'It appeared to be built from scratch but with a sophisticated triggering mechanism. And frankly, at the end of the day, all bombs are crude devices, and it is the way they are triggered that can be sophisticated,' said one official with strong knowledge of explosives. 'They functioned as designed.'
Low quality explosive ingredients may have been the bombs' key components, according to an unnamed expert quoted by CNN. That would explain the yellowness of the flame, as shown in video and photos of the event.
Higher-quality military explosive is usually gray or black, said the expert. Photographs taken by a member of the public of the second bomb site before and after detonation show an orange and grey bag next to the barrier - right where the bomb appears to have gone off. Detectives are now investigating the possibility that this bag contained the device that exploded with such devastating effect.
However images and fabrics from the remains of the bomb shows they were kept in black nylon duffel bags so it is as yet unclear if the bomb was in he gray and orange bag.
Investigation: Officials survey the site of a bomb blast on Boylston Street in Boston searching for evidence that might help them find a suspect or suspects Second Bomb: Photos show a bag next to a mailbox along the marathon route and may have been the footage used by the FBI to positively ID a suspect Shocking: Seconds after the bombs went off on Boylston Street there is no sign of the bag, the picture is blurred because of the graphic nature of the content Vigils were held overnight as hundreds of people gathered to remember the victims, the third of whom was named yesterday as Chinese Boston University student Lü Lingzi. Lingzi was attending the Boston marathon with her friend Zhou Danling, a student of actuarial science at BU, who was originally said to be in a coma at Boston Medical Center but showing signs of improvement after suffering serious injuries in the blast . The other two fatalities in the bombing have been identified as eight-year-old Martin Richard, the son of a Dorchester community activist, and 29-year-old restaurant manager Krystle Campbell.
A five-year-old boy is still critically injured at Boston medical center.
A law enforcement official told CBS News that the two bombs that exploded were made to look like discarded property.
Earlier in the day, lead FBI agent Richard DesLauriers confirmed that items from the first blast have been recovered and are being sent to a special facility at FBI headquarters in Quantico for study - in the hope that they will lead them to the killer or killers. He also admitted the investigation into those responsible was in its 'infancy' and that the range of suspects remained 'wide open'. More than 2,000 tips from the public were reviewed and analyzed in the first 24 hours but no individual or group has yet claimed responsibility for the attack. The FBI has issued a plea to members of the public for help in the hunt for clues saying: 'Someone knows who did this'.
He said among those items were 'pieces of black nylon which could be from a backpack and fragments of BBs (ball bearings) and nails possibly contained in a pressure cooker device. RELATED ARTICLES Previous
1
2
Next Home-made devices in Boston Marathon attack were made from... Panic in cities across the world as fear of a copycat attack... Feds investigating if Boston bomb attack is linked to...
Obama insists federal government 'will get to the bottom of'... Share this article Share 'The bag would have been heavy because of the components believed to be in it. We won't know with certainty until the laboratory completes its final review.' The second device was also housed in a metal container says the document, but so far there is not enough evidence to confirm for certain if a pressure cooker was also used. 'Someone knows who did this,' added Richard DesLauriers, the special agent in charge of the FBI's Boston office.
'Importantly, the person who did this is someone's friend, neighbor, coworker or relative. We are asking anyone who may have heard someone speak about the marathon, or the date of April 15, in any way that indicated that he or she may have targeted this event to call us.' DesLauriers added: ' At this time, there have been no claims of responsibility.'
Saying that the bomber or bombers most likely dropped the bags easily amongst the commotion during the race, Rossini said that the FBI will be looking to the remnants of the bags to lead them to the killers.
Rossini, however, cautioned against jumping to any conclusions that the bombing was the result of Islamic-inspired terrorism. 'It could be a white supremacist group. We just don't know.'
The Shenyang Evening News reported Wednesday on its official Twitter-like microblog account that the victim is named Lü Lingzi. An editor at the newspaper says that Lü's father confirmed his daughter's death
People gather for a vigil for the victims on the Boston Common as an investigation continues into dual bombings at the Boston Marathon finish line in Boston, Massachusetts, on Tuesday
A member of the National Guard and a Boston policeman direct a man away from a barricade near the finish line of the Boston Marathon in Boston on Tuesday
People stand during an interfaith prayer service remembering the victims of Boston Marathon bombings at the Paulist Center on Tuesday evening in Boston, Massachusetts
Disaster: Mourners attend candlelight vigil for Martin Richard at Garvey Park, near Richard's home in the Dorchester section of Boston, on Tuesday, April 16
Vigils were held overnight as hundreds of people gathered to remember the victims, the third of whom was named yesterday as Chinese Boston University student Lü Lingzi
The bombs used to kill and maim are believed to have contained black powder or gunpowder as the explosive, and information on how to make such a bomb is available on the internet, experts said. The devices were then left at the scene to look like discarded property, CBS News reported.
Investigators have also found pieces of an electronic circuit board which could indicate a timer was used in the detonation.
Although no group has yet claimed responsibility for the attacks, similar devices were used in the failed 2010 attempt to bomb Times Square by Faisal Shahzad, who admitted he had undergone bomb-making training at a militant Islamist faction camp in Pakistan.
A pressure-cooker bomb is also a preferred weapon of al-Qaeda and listed as the 'most effective' weapon of jihad, according to an English-language terror magazine called Inspire, in an article entitled 'How to Build a Bomb in the Kitchen of Your Mom'.
Another article in Inspire last year listed 'the most important enemy targets' for jihadists in America - and included sporting events, CNSNews noted.
The aim should be to target 'human crowds in order to inflict maximum human losses,' a terrorist known as Abu Musab al-Suri wrote. 'This is very easy since there are numerous such targets such as crowded sports arenas, annual social events, large international exhibitions… etc.'
Bomb: Images from a Homeland Security Department pamphlet shows a diagram for rudimentary improvised explosive devices using pressure cookers. Police sources have revealed that the deviced used in the Boston Marathon bombings on Monday used pressure cookers filled with shrapnel and ball bearings
Killed: Eight-year-old Martin Richard from Dorchester, Massachusetts was among the three people killed when two bombs detonated at the Boston Marathon on Monday Loss: Krystle Campbell, pictured, also lost her life in the terrorist attack. Doctors originally confused her identity with a friend, so her parents believed she was alive
Martin Richard, 8, who was waiting at the finish line with his father, mother and siblings, was among those killed when the two bombs detonated at the crowded sports event. His mother has undergone brain surgery and his six-year-old sister lost a leg. His 12-year-old brother escaped injury.
Neighbors told MailOnline about the moment Martin Richard's father, Bill, returned home still wearing hospital scrubs on Monday night and looking like the 'walking dead' as he struggled to come to terms with his son's death and injuries suffered by his wife, Denise, and daughter, Jane.
In a statement released on Tuesday, he said: 'My dear son Martin has died from injuries sustained in the attack on Boston. My wife and daughter are both recovering from serious injuries.
Blast: Runners continue to run towards the finish line of the Boston Marathon as the first of two explosions erupts near the finish line of the race
Exact Moment: People react as the second explosion goes off near the finish at the Boston Marathon finish line on Monday, sending authorities out on the course
'We thank our family and friends, those we know and those we have never met, for their thoughts and prayers. I ask that you continue to pray for my family as we remember Martin. We also ask for your patience and for privacy as we work to simultaneously grieve and recover. Thank you.'
Doctors confused another victim, Krystle Campbell, 29, with her friend, so for hours her parents believed she was alive and undergoing surgery. Only when they went to visit her in hospital, did they realize the patient was not their daughter .
Loved: Peace is written on the sidewalk in front of the Richard house in the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston, left, while neighbors embrace in the street
Sympathy: Flowers and gifts are left by loved ones outside of the Richard family home in Dorchester, Massachusetts on Tuesday morning First pictures: Martin was killed in the first explosion as he waited to give his father a hug at the finishing line. His sister and mother were also injured Tragic: Martin Richard, right, is pictured with his family. His mother, Denise, has undergone brain surgery and his six-year-old sister Jane lost a leg in the blast, while his older brother, Henry, 12, escaped injury. They are also pictured with his father, Bill
Originally Posted by Mortal Koil Originally Posted by
11. "How do you feel about Archeum drop rates? A lot of the western audience voiced concerns about the archeum drop rates being too low since the 1.2 patch.
-> We are also cautious with Archeum price. Short supply of Archeum leads to rise of item price and gives negative effect to the game. We try to keep Archeum price under certain level"
This crap right here says it all. The question was about DROP RATES. The idiot who responds doesn't even answer the question but IMEADIATLLY starts talking about PRICES. XLGAMES cares about profit and profit only. Fine JUST COME OUT AND SAY IT THEN. Don't try to sell us a bunch of bull about making changes ect...ect... Just Be honest. You wan't to control the price of archeum In game as a form of currency that will produce secondary REAL LIFE profits for you via the cash shop. That's why drop rates are and WILL be low. Done. Not hard to tell the truth at all especially when you can hide behind your little screens all the way in Korea. Try it next time. Don't be scared.
First announced in 2011, Archaia Studios Press was developing a graphic novel that would serve as a prequel to the 1986 fantasy film Labyrinth.[1] The graphic novel was originally announced for release on April 29, 2014[2] but was replaced on Archaia's release calendar with a reprinting of the film's novelization.
Stephen Christy oversaw the project, while Brian Froud served as an adviser. The graphic novel was written by Ted Naifeh and Adrianne Ambrose, and illustrated by Cory Godbey.
The graphic novel has not been released.
Contents show]
Plot
The novel tells "the story of how Jareth became the Goblin King."[3] The story features a young Jareth who is taken to the Labyrinth by a witch.[4] Jareth was around the age Sarah was in the original film; Sarah and Toby do not play a significant role in the story.[1]
Editor Stephen Christy has stated the graphic novel will be a "tragic story." While it was still in the early stages of development, there were plans for the novel to integrate music into the plot in some way. David Bowie was being approached by Archaia Comics in order to seek permission to use his likeness, and ascertain if he wishes to have any involvement in the project.[1]
Brian Froud is serving as a creative consultant on the project. Froud will be producing covers for the series, as well as character designs.[1]
It is uncertain how many volumes of the project will be released, with Christy stating that "we might do it as a two-volume thing."[1]
Free Comic Book Day
An unrelated Labyrinth short story, entitled "Hoggle and the Worm," was released by Archaia Comics as part of a collection of stories on Free Comic Book Day on May 5, 2012.[5]
See also
Return to Labyrinth, TOKOPOP's graphic novel sequel to Labyrith
The Dark Crystal: Creation Myths, Archaia's graphic novel prequel to The Dark Crystal
Welcome. The Ruby Gem of the Week series presents a new Ruby library every week on Thursday.
Do you have a Ruby gem that you'd like to write about? We love guest posts. Send in a pull request or open an issue ticket to get the conversation started and your article posted on Planet Ruby.
Sooner or later you will debug your code and add some print statements to help you along. Example:
puts "[debug] value: #{value}" puts "[debug] value.class.name: #{value.class.name}
A “better” way is to use a logger that lets you turn off and on your debug messages as needed and why not a add some more message classes for errors or warnings, for example?
The “classic” message class hierarchy reads:
[OFF]
FATAL
ERROR
WARN
INFO
DEBUG
[ALL]
What's the logutils gem?
Using the logutils gem - yet another logging library - you can print all messages and more. Start by getting a logger e.g.:
logger = LogUtils::Logger.new
And now you can use the “standard” methods such as #debug , #info , #warn , etc.
logger.debug "msg" logger.info "another msg" logger.warn "another msg" logger.error "another msg" logger.fatal "another msg"
To turn on/off debug messages or any others in the hierarchy use the level attribute. Example:
logger.level = :info
Will print only message of class info and above and, thus, turn off debug messages.
Logging Mixin
What else? For your convenience you can include the logging machinery in a Ruby class with a single line using the Logging mixin e.g.
include LogUtils::Logging
This will add/mixin the logger attribute reader e.g.
def logger @logger ||= Logger[ self ] end
And you're all setup to start logging. Example:
class SampleClass include Logging def initialize logger.info 'Hello, SampleClass!' end end
Bonus: Log to the database using LogDb
To log to the database use an addon, that is, the logutils-activerecord gem. Example:
require 'logutils' require 'logutils/activerecord' # Note: will also require 'active_record' include LogUtils # lets you use Logger instead of LogUtils::Logger logger = Logger[ 'Test' ] logger.info 'Hello, LogUtils!' LOG_DB_CONFIG = { adapter: 'sqlite3', database: ':memory:' } ActiveRecord::Base.establish_connection( LOG_DB_CONFIG ) LogDb.create # create logs table LogDb.setup # setup handler that saves logs in the database logger.info '¡Hola! LogUtils' logger.warn 'Servus LogUtils!'
To create the logs table in the database use:
LogDb.create
Just a shortcut for:
create_table :logs do |t| t.string :msg, null: false t.string :level, null: false # e.g. fatal, error, warn, info, debug t.string :app t.string :tag t.integer :pid t.integer :tid, limit: 8 t.string :ts t.timestamps end
To start logging to the database add a log event handler that stores log messages in the database. Use:
LogDb.setup
To dump all log messages to the console you can use the log model. Example:
LogDb::Model::Log.order('created_at DESC').each do |log| puts "[#{log.level}] #{log.msg}" end
Will print:
[info] ¡Hola! LogUtils [warn] Servus LogUtils!
That's it. Happy logging.
Find Out More
logutils
logutils-activerecord
Around this time last year, I felt pretty settled into Berkeley as an exchange student from London. Needless to say, a semester of Californian sun beats the dreary overcast clouds of England any day, and in the current season of rainfall and gloom, I often find myself wishing I were back. And so, I've found myself reflecting on Berkeley a fair bit recently. But, quite unexpectedly, it hasn't been college life that I've been thinking about.
See, it was soon after New Year's that I arrived in Berkeley, and while I had come armed with an expectancy of displacement (having flown over 8500 kilometers!), I was greeted with a town that was quite eerily quiet. Of course, I soon came to realize that out of term time, everyone was still making the most of their winter vacation elsewhere around the state or country. In this void of the hustle and bustle of UC Berkeley students, however, was actually when I felt Berkeley had perhaps shown its truest colours, far more shades than the bold blue and gold of the Haas Pavilion's banners. Allow me to explain.
My first Berkeley interaction is one that I remember most vividly. As for most new students settling in, my first day in town was spent picking up the necessary student essentials. With brand-new duvet and pillow in arms, I walked down Shattuck Avenue only to hear unbecoming shouts behind me. “Hey lady,” they called. “It sure is a fine evening tonight.” I had initially brushed it off as heckles from a bored individual who had probably spent a little too much time in Remy's, but the persistence in his voice forced me to stop and turn around. “Hey, hey, that pillow you got there sure looks hella comfy,” he said. I don't think I am wrong to say that when meeting anyone for first time, you judge by appearance. This man was in a grimy wife beater and lowriding jeans, which were so threadbare they barely resembled an article of clothing fit for wear. “Hey, I bet that it's amazing to lay down on.” I'm not quite sure how I was supposed to respond, as if any part of this situation was conventional to begin with. Perhaps it was the persistence, coupled with my own sense of bewilderment and his following rhetoric on how owning a pillow was something he could only “dream of,” but I ended up leaving the engagement wishing him a good night, with the pillow left in his care.
Homelessness is far from unfamiliar to a Londoner, but there was no denying that seeing the dominating presence of street people on Shattuck Avenue, in a town that is “on vacation,” is enough to make anyone susceptible to consciously recognizing its signs. So even when the semester was underway, the street people were a feature of Berkeley that still remained a dominant feature of its character. See, my interaction on Shattuck Avenue was the first of many conversations I would have that would eventually become a regular part of my routine.
My walk to class everyday was via People's Park, which as most will know, is unofficially presided over by the street community, and if there's anything to be said about it, it really isn't the spot for socializing nor does it boast much association with the students. Later, I found out that it had been a space created as part of the Free Speech Movement in 1964. The remnants of any politics are perhaps the murals that line the public toilets there, but many of those living here were those at the forefront of the protests in the 60s. I ended up taking a DeCal while at UC Berkeley and had decided to make a film on the park with a classmate who had even got to know the people around People's Park by name.
One character of People's Park is very well known by face in Berkeley. He goes by the Hate Man (named Mark Hawthorne at birth), and research into the street people online revealed him to be a prominent and well-respected figure of Berkeley in the past. Our first conversation with him was largely unconventional. He had outright refused to speak to us for a good 10 minutes, after which he stared at us and shouted, “I hate you.” We took this as an invitation to leave but as we turned around to head out of People's Park, he demanded that we say it back to him. “I hate you,” we replied rather reluctantly. We then introduced ourselves as two students who had been interested in the park and had simply wondered what living there was like. We were invited to sit with Mark and others with him and subsequently shared a conversation about the Bay Area and eventually got talking about their community. We followed up with several visits and conversations in which he told us about the history of Berkeley, his own story of his career as a reporter for the New York Times and his beliefs in free speech. A quick Google search will reveal how much of a celebrity Mark was. Photos of him at the forefront of prominent protests on Telegraph Avenue and Dwight Way are featured across pages and pages of the image search.
The level of conversation had very quickly opened up a side of The Hate Man that now explains his initially abrupt greeting and the name “Hate Man.” Curiosity took over and reaching a point of comfortability I found myself asking why he had asked us to say, “I hate you.” This was proceeded by the appearance of a man who asked Mark for a cigarette. “You paying or you're pushing?” he asked. “Pushing,” came the prompt reply. They proceeded to stand up side by side with their shoulders touching. “Push,” Mark prompted. The man started to push his body weight into Mark's shoulder, and after a minute Mark handed over a cigarette and the transaction had been made. What was this all about?
“At least when they hate they're not indifferent.” — Mark Hawthorne, or, The Hate Man
Mark's philosophy is this: When you hate someone, you have a cause, a reason or rhyme. You can only hate if you have the remotest of care about that person or for their existence. The opposite of love is not hate; it is indifference. Mark explained that his marriage had broken down years ago, and instead of hate, his ex-wife had shown pure indifference toward him. “I wanted her to hate me, because at least then I would have known she cared.” His policy of “pushing” encompasses this philosophy. “When you push for something you show me that you really want something, you are willing to exert a level of aggression for something you really want.” If you are indifferent or complacent, “pushing” is simply not worth the reward you're after.
It was really easy to come away from People's Park and go about the day in a rather unchanged manner. It was equally easy to not really think much of Mark or his friends, but now upon reflection, this was the exact indifference Mark had told us about. He would rather be hated than be ignored or thought of with indifference. Admittedly it was a more complex thought process than when taken at face value. In the context of a community and its inner homeless community, hatred doesn't seem like the solution. Yet what it did highlight was that neither were indifference nor ignorance. For the politically correct environment that Berkeley is and actively endorses, hatred toward “others” is certainly not commonplace, as it shouldn't be. Yet, when communities live side by side, and are simply ignored, we have a situation that perhaps poses as many problems as hatred does. Indifference almost seems far crueller than hate at times. Sure, we preserve political correctness and moral standing by rejecting negativity towards other people, communities, viewpoints, yet we fail to recognize the “otherness” in front of us. It is a pure rejection of understanding.
“I hate you,” I thought as I passed People's Park for my last time leaving Berkeley for good. I remembered Mark saying, “At least when they hate they're not indifferent.” Even reflecting on it all now, from that very “hate,” stems a very nonindifference: the concern, attention, esteem and compassion that they had drawn out from me. And that is something I never want to become indifferent towards.
Contact the Weekender at [email protected].
Today I am posting about my experience with the movie Goin' Down the Road.
Part 1 on New Waterford Girl is here: https://capebreton.lokol.me/cape-breton-movies-part-1-introducing-new-waterford-glace-bay
Part 2 on My Bloody Valentine is here: https://capebreton.lokol.me/cape-breton-movies-p2-sydney-mines-is-an-international-sensation
Part 3 on Johnny Belinda is here: https://capebreton.lokol.me/cape-breton-movies-p3-johnny-belinda-and-small-town-mentality
Part 4 on The Bay Boy is here: https://capebreton.lokol.me/cape-breton-movies-p4-the-bay-boy-for-most-canadian-movie
Part 5 on Marion Bridge is here: https://capebreton.lokol.me/cape-breton-movies-p5-marion-bridge-and-the-pleasure-it-brings
This list that follows is intended to cover all feature films related to Cape Breton. I have attempted to include movies that can tell a little of the story of Cape Breton and have purposefully left out movies that just used Cape Breton as a set for some other place (Squanto, Book of Negroes).
- New Waterford Girl (Part 1)
- My Bloody Valentine (Part 2)
- Johnny Belinda (Part 3)
- The Bay Boy (Part 4)
- Marion Bridge (Part 5)
- Goin' Down the Road (Part 6)
- Margaret's Museum (at the library)
-Down the Road Again (at library)
- Sealed Cargo (have it)
-The Legend of the Psychotic Forest Ranger (looking for it)
- Candy Mountain (bits and pieces on YouTube)
- Song Spinner (can't find)
- The Third Walker (looking)
- Something About Love (1988) (looking)
- The Widow of St. Pierre (at library)
The movie….
Goin' Down the Road (1970) directed by Donald Shebib
A Canadian classic, this movie focuses on two young Cape Breton men who travel to Toronto to start a new life. It is a story of success and failure, the contribution that the big city can have to destroying dreams, and a bond between friends that is able to persevere in good times and in bad.
Pete (played by Doug McGrath) has big dreams of a better life in Toronto and convinces Joey (Paul Bradley) to leave Cape Breton, luring him with “guaranteed jobs”, a place to stay with relatives, and the promise of adventure: “Listen Joey, it's going to be so different. There you can get all kinds of jobs. Not just sweat and dirt all the time. And the places you go. We're going to hit some nice spots. Have us some good times. No more sitting in some restaurant all night or driving up and down Main St. looking for something new that damned well ain't there. Oh, Joey, there's going to be so much there we won't know where to begin”.
Pete's persuasiveness pays off and he manages to get Joey, who is much more satisfied living a simple life, to reluctantly follow him to Ontario. And, so, the two take off in Joey's beat up old Chevy convertible with My Nova Scotia Home painted on the side.
In Toronto, however, things don't turn out as planned. When Pete's Aunt and Uncle won't answer the door as the young Cape Bretoners arrive, it is a reflection of what they can expect in Toronto. “They have been knocking for five minutes. Anyone with common sense would have stopped long ago.”
Without a place to stay, Joey and Pete arrive at the Salvation Army, where they search for work in the local paper. While Pete glazes over as he scans flashy jobs in sales and advertising, Joey's eye catches an ad for a 1968 Plymouth with five bucket seats.
The movie continues to demonstrate the contrast between Pete and Joey. Joey finds a job right away in a bottle factory and Pete somewhat reluctantly joins him. Although Pete is working, he never seems satisfied and experiences the sobering reality of not being able to better his position without education. Joey settles down in a relationship and eventually marries, while Pete's focus is on pursuing the best that Toronto has to offer.
Big city life doesn't get much better for the two: Joey and Pete get laid off from the bottle factory, struggle with food and shelter, and have to find odd jobs to survive. Continuing to be faced with hard times, in the climax of the movie, the two flee a store after stealing groceries and assaulting one of the employees. With the police on their tail, they leave their life in Toronto and travel out west.
There is something special and captivating about this older style of film making that has gotten lost over the years. For me, Goin' Down the Road is an example of a film that is able to capture the moment with the actors, as opposed to inundating viewers with special effects, overly complicated plot lines, or eye candy. The camera follows the journey of the two as they look for good times, and tries to find what is happening in the city that has swallowed them up. The movie manages to include both times of pure loneliness and times of pure joy, and provides an interesting snapshot of humanity as it looked in Toronto.
You may be interested to know that the score for this movie, arranged by Bruce Cockburn, is heartwarming, with wonderful music and lyrics that fit beautifully within the scenes.
What were my thoughts about Cape Breton from watching this: This movie brings up thoughts about the lure that Fort McMurray must have for Cape Bretoners. Although there are valid reasons for seeking something better, many Cape Bretoners also realize that the better life and happiness aren't always out there beyond the island. I know it's cliché, but tou make your own happiness, regardless of where you are from or where you are at. Cape Breton is special and there are lots of opportunities across the island.
My recommendation: Watch this! I found a link to the full movie for free here:https://archive.org/details/GoingDownTheRoadCanadaFilm#
Chris Bellemore is a blogger from Ontario that moved to Cape Breton Island and is logging his experiences in this strange and wonderful place.
My personal marketing space:
https://www.facebook.com/chris.bellemore
The Deer Woman, sometimes known as the Deer Lady, is a spirit in various forms of Native American mythology that is primarily associated with fertility and love.[1] Though primarily shown as a benign spirit, she is also shown to lure promiscuous men to their death.[1] She appears as either a beautiful young woman or deer.
In Native American folklore [ edit ]
Deer Woman stories are found in many Native American tribes, told to young children or by young adults and prepubescents in tribes like the Sioux, Ojibwe, Ponca, the Omaha people, Cherokee, Muscogee, Seminole, Choctaw, the Otoe tribe, Osage, the Pawnee people, and the Iroquois - and those are only the few that have documented Deer Woman sightings.[2]
In Ojibwe tradition, she can be banished through the use of chanting and tobacco. Others claim that the spell she casts can be broken if one looks at her cloven hooves.[3]
Other stories and traditions describe the sighting of Deer Woman as a sign of personal transformation or as a warning. Deer Woman is also said to be fond of dancing and will sometimes join a communal dance unnoticed, leaving only when the drum beating ceases.[4][5]
Meaning in Deer Woman stories [ edit ]
Deer Woman stories are the tradition of woman as Huntresses and one's who must make sacrifices spiritually.
Similar creatures [ edit ]
The Deer Woman show characteristics and traits of both sirens and succubi. The siren, according to the Theoi Project, is monstrous sea nymphs that lure men to their deaths with their song.[6] Succubi, as defined by the Merriam-Webster dictionary, are "demons who take female from who have sexual intercourse with men in their sleep"; constant contact with a succubus can result in failing health or death for the man.[7] Deer woman lure men with their beauty and magic, like the sirens, and then sleep with and kill men like succubi. Countless female spirits world wide have similar characteristics.
Fiura, of the Chiloè region of Chilè, causes deformation in anyone who looks upon her and will cast spells to confuse young woodsmen into sleeping with her.[8] La Patasola, literally "one footed", is a shape-shifter from the Antioquia region of Colombia who takes the form of a beautiful woman to lure men with her cries of fear; when the men (who are often causing harm in one way or another to the rain forest) come to her, she drops her beautiful mask and slaughters them in an effort to protect the forest.[9]
La Tunda, another nature spirit from Colombia, lures people of all walks of life to them with their song and then drains them of blood; La Tunda can also shape-shift, but she will always have a single leg of a molinillo that she is very careful to hide.[10]
The Brazilian Iara are beautiful warrior mermaids who - when found by a man - will charm him with her voice and beauty and either drown him or turn him into something like her and make him her lover.[11] La Llorona ("the crier"), who is found in Mexico and the Southwest United States, is a female ghost who will kidnap the souls of children - effectively killing them - and who does cries bring irrevocable sorrow and who the sighting of spells death for someone within the week.[12]
While all these spirits will lure away and/or hurt others, they also have physical deformity in common. The Deer Woman has hooves. Sirens are bird from the chest down. Succubi were originally portrayed as hideous and demonic. The Fiura is described as being absolutely hideous, and La Patasola has no right leg from the pelvis down and her right breast is fused to her arm.[13] La Tunda has a whisk for a leg, and the Iara are half Brazilian guppy. La Llorona is beautiful when viewed from behind, but she is depicted as having the face of a horse
In pop culture [ edit ]
The Deer Woman was featured as a character in an eponymous episode of the Showtime horror series Masters of Horror . It originally aired in North America on December 9, 2005 and was directed by John Landis.
. It originally aired in North America on December 9, 2005 and was directed by John Landis. A short documentary entitled "Deer Woman: What the Elders Say" was published on Youtube in 2009 [14]
A short story entitled "Deer Woman" was published by Paula Gunn Allen
A short story entitled "Memoir of a Deer Woman" was included in the book Holiday by M. Rickert
In 2015, Anishinaabe writer Elizabeth LaPensée teamed up with Jonathan R. Thunder and Allie Vasquez to create the comic Deer Woman: A Vignette . The comic was published by Native Realities Press and a dollar from every purchase was donated to The Arming Sisters. [15]
. The comic was published by Native Realities Press and a dollar from every purchase was donated to The Arming Sisters. The music video for the 2016 song "Human" by Sevdaliza has her sporting a look reminiscent of a Deer Woman
References [ edit ]
ARCHIVAL MOMENT
24 May
Victoria Day as we know it today has been known under a number of different names. Our parents and grandparents perhaps best remember it as Empire Day.
With the death of Queen Victoria, who died on 22 January 1901, the nations of the British Commonwealth including Newfoundland began to search for a way to best celebrate her contributions.
The first ‘Empire Day' took place on 24th May 1902, Queen Victoria's birthday. Newfoundland was among the first of the commonwealth nations to officially declare Empire Day an official holiday in 1903.
The holiday has given rise to the
“The 24th May is the Queen's Birthday. If we don't get a holiday we will all run away.”
Empire Day remained on the calendar for more than 50 years. In 1958 Empire Day was renamed as British Commonwealth Day, and still later in 1966 it became known as Commonwealth Day. The date of Commonwealth Day was also changed to 10th June, the official birthday of the present Queen Elizabeth II.
In 1957, Victoria Day was permanently appointed as the Queen's birthday in Canada. In the United Kingdom, the Queen's birthday is celebrated in June.
Queen Victoria and Newfoundland Connections
Queen Victoria and the Newfoundland Shawl
Bishop Michael Fleming – the Roman Catholic bishop of Newfoundland conceived of the idea of building the Basilica Cathedral in the 1830's. In April, 1838, by gracious decree of the new Queen, Victoria, a definitive grant of some nine acres was made for the purpose of erecting the new cathedral and related buildings. Fleming obtained permission from Queen Victoria to build on “The Barrens”.
Tradition has it that Bishop Fleming met with Queen Victoria in Hyde Park in London where the Queen rode by in her carriage. She then invited him sto Buckingham Palace for tea.
After a discussion, Queen Victoria offered her support and approval for the granting of the land for the Roman Catholic Cathedral. As he was leaving the Palace – Queen Victoria noted that it was chilly outside and offered him a shawl – which he later gave to his friend Mary Shaw Dempsey of Alexandria Street, St. John's. There is a photograph of the shawl in a 1955 publication.
Victoria Behind Carbonear takes its name from Queen Victoria
Newfoundland: Victoria goes by many nicknames, including “The Village” and “The Savage Hollar.” The community of Victoria is believed to have originally begun as a “winterhouse” for people from Freshwater and Carbonear. In the nineteenth century the settlement was named Victoria Village, in honor of Queen Victoria.
Queen Victoria and the Pitcher Plant
The Pitcher Plant was originally selected by Queen Victoria to be printed on the newly-minted Newfoundland Penny. The Pitcher Plant, was later designated by the Newfoundland Cabinet in 1954 to be the official flower of the new province. This unique plant can be found throughout the marshes and bogs of Newfoundland. The wine and green flowers attract the insects which, occasionally, fall into the tubular leaves below. The cup-shaped leaves collect water and rain, drowning the insects which nourish the plant. The pitcher plant — so named because its leaves resemble a pitcher for pouring water— ian insect-eating plant that grows in various terrains across Newfoundland and Labrador.
Queen Victoria and Cabot Tower
In 1897, Cabot Tower was commissioned to commemorate the 400th anniversary of John Cabot's discovery of Newfoundland and Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee (60th Anniversary).
An excellent example of late-gothic revival architecture the tower was designed by St. John's architect William Howe Greene.
Begun in 1898, Cabot Tower was completed in 1900 and has been a part of a number of historic events.
Although now one of the most recognizable symbols of St. John's and Newfoundland and Labrador, its construction was not well-supported in the town. Most of St. John's burned to the ground in 1892 and the banks in Newfoundland crashed in 1894. When Judge Daniel .W. Prowse, a prominent local man, suggested building Cabot Tower, one person said in a local paper that:
“ it's like putting a silk hat on the head of a man who can't afford to buy a pair of boots.”
Victoria Park, St. John's Declared a Scared Place
Victoria Park takes its name from Queen Victoria
In the Police Court on July 28,1897, his Honor Judge Daniel Prowse, in delivering judgment in an assault case committed on Thomas Redmond, a son of Patrick Redmond, caretaker of Victoria Park, Judge Prowse remarked that “the park is a sacred place”, as is the person of Mr. Redmond, and in future any person brought before him for assaulting that gentleman, will be severely punished.
Take some time to visit Victoria Park this weekend and visit the website of the Victoria Park Foundation.
Archival Collection at The Rooms: What have we in the archives about Queen Victoria: In the search bar type Victoria: http://gencat1.eloquent-systems.com/webcat/request/DoMenuRequest?SystemName=The+Rooms+Public&UserName=wa+public&Password=&TemplateProcessID=6000_3355&bCachable=1&MenuName=The+Rooms+Archives
Victoria Day in Newfoundland and Labrador marks the beginning of the summer, it is time to open the cabins and get the camping gear out!!
Recommened Song: Buddy Wasisname – 24th Of May. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3fMzIpoDHLA&list=RD3fMzIpoDHLA#t=15
Highlights of Game 1 between Haar and Solingen
Highlights of Game 2 between Haar and Solingen
The German playoffs started last weekend with the first two games of the quarterfinals. Three of the four matchups are tied at 1-1. Only the Buchbinder Legionaere Regensburg were able to win both games. Thanks to strong pitching performances by Mike Bolsenbroek and Gianny Fracciolla Regensburg won 4-1 and 5-1 against the Hamburg Stealers and need just one more win to clinch a spot in the semis.
Meanwhile the other three series will go at least four games. Reigning champion Solingen Alligators had to settle for the split after a 7-1 win and a 3-5 loss against the Haar Disciples. In game one Andre Hughes and Enorbel Marquez-Ramirez kept Haar to one run with Marquez-Ramirez striking out five in four no-hit innings in relief. One day later Gabe Sandersius struck out nine to lead the Disciples to the victory.
Northern champion Bonn Capitals needed a two-run double by Wilson Lee in the ninth to force extra innings in game one against the Mainz Athletics, where they scored twice in the tenth to prevail 5-3. They overcame eight strong innings by Jan-Niclas Stöcklin in the process. In the second game Mainz held on to a 3-2 win, edging out Lee, who went deep for a solo home run but also took the loss.
The Untouchables Paderborn used a curious pitching strategy to unnerve the Heidenheim Heidekoepfe in a 5-3 win in game one. In the second, Heidenheim scored six runs in the sixth en route to a 9-1 win to tie the series. Paderborn used five pitchers in the first and six in the second match to give the powerful Heidenheim offense various looks on the mound.
Games three to five will be played from Saturday to Sunday.
This is so good. Friday morning, a Detroit radio station was talking crap about how Aquaman could fit into Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice. Then someone named Zack called into their show. This person claimed to be director Zack Snyder, and having talked to Zack Snyder in the past, I'll say it sounds just like him. /Film has since independently confirmed, yes, this is Zack Snyder.
The director wouldn't say if Aquaman was in the movie or not, but defended the character's abilities and how they might match up against, say, those of Superman. Listen to the Zack Snyder Aquaman phone call below.
CBS Detroit reported on the fun happening and uploaded the audio. Listen here.
If you can't listen, basically it went like this. The caller called in, and according to the news, had a Los Angeles cell phone number. He said “yes, it's Zack Snyder,” and then said the following:
You guys were disparaging, a little bit, Aquaman…I don't want to give anything away about the movie or anything like that but Aquaman has some cool abilities. People are like, “Oh what? Does he talk to animals? Cause that seems like what he does. Or fish?” The cool thing with Aquaman is his Trident. So you have to realize that could cut the flesh of Superman if they came in contact. That's a thing that's in the canon. He's super strong cause of course he can exist at these super deep depths so when he comes up here he's crazy strong. Anyway, not to say he's in my movie or anything like that but he has the potential to be bad ass, that's all I'm saying.
While everyone assumes actor Jason Momoa is playing that character, he has yet to confirm it. However, he might have been seen in Detroit at the same rock climbing gym as Gal Gadot. Take that as you may.
This is why when you say something in public, you have to be prepared to back it up. Be it on the internet, Twitter or the radio, you never ever know who might be listening.
Contrary to What AP Tells You, Social Security Is NOT a Main Driver of the Country's Long-term Budget Problem
The NYT ran a short AP piece on Social Security and "why it matters." The piece wrongly told readers that Social Security is "a main driver of the government's long-term budget problems." This is not true. Under the law, Social Security can only spend money that is in its trust fund. If the trust fund is depleted then full benefits cannot be paid. The law would have to be changed to allow Social Security to spend money other than the funds designated for the program and in that way contribute to the deficit.
The piece also plays the "really big number" game, telling readers:
"the program faces huge shortfalls that get bigger and bigger each year.In 2034, the program faces a $500 billion shortfall, according to the Social Security Administration. In just five years, the shortfalls add up to more than $3 trillion.
"Over the next 75 years, the shortfalls add up to a staggering $139 trillion. But why worry? When that number is adjusted for inflation, it comes to only $40 trillion in 2016 dollars — a little more than twice the national debt."
Since this is talking about shortfalls projected to be incurred over a long period of time, it would be helpful to express the shortfall relative to the economy over this period of time, not debt at a point in time. This is not hard to do, since there is a table right in the Social Security trustees report that reports the projected shortfall as being equal to 0.95 percent of GDP over the 75-year forecasting horizon. By comparison, the costs of the war in Iraq and Afghanistan came to around 1.6 percent of GDP at their peaks in the last decade.
The piece also gets the reason for the projected shortfall wrong. It tells readers:
"In short, because Americans aren't having as many babies as they used to. That leaves relatively fewer workers to pay into the system. Immigration has helped Social Security's finances, but not enough to fix the long-term problems. "In 1960, there were 5.1 workers for each person getting benefits. Today, there are about 2.8 workers for each beneficiary. That ratio will drop to 2.1 workers by 2040."
Actually, the drop in the birth rate and the declining ratio of workers to beneficiaries had long been predicted. The reason that the program's finances look worse than when the Greenspan commission put in place the last major changes in 1983 is the slowdown in wage growth and the upward redistribution of wage income so that a larger share of wage income now goes untaxed.
In 1983, only 10 percent of wage income was above the payroll tax cap. Today it is close to 18 percent. This upward redistribution explains more than 40 percent of projected shortfall over the next 75 years.
It is also worth noting that the loss in wage income for most workers to upward redistribution swamps the size of any tax increases that could be needed to maintain full funding for the program. While AP wants to get people very worried over possible tax increases in future years, it would rather they ignore the policies (e.g. trade, Fed policy, Wall Street policy, patent policy) that have taken money out of the pockets of ordinary workers and put it in the hands of the rich.
If the top three picks of the 2017 NBA Draft go as predicted by the majority of talent evaluators, Markelle Fultz, Lonzo Ball and Josh Jackson will be off the board by the time the Phoenix Suns pick fourth overall.
What are the Suns looking at should that happen?
Florida State forward Jonathan Isaac, Duke forward Jayson Tatum and Kentucky point guard De'Aaron Fox all remain possibilities, reports John Gambadoro of 98.7 FM, Arizona's Sports Station.
Fox's name might be the most surprising of the group. The Kentucky point guard canceled a workout with Phoenix last week, but he did meet with the Suns at the Chicago draft combine. The team also watched him at a pro day afterward, Gambadoro reports.
Despite the Suns being set with Eric Bledsoe at point guard and Tyler Ulis as a backup, Fox is “being highly considered for the fourth pick, along with Isaac, Tatum and Jackson,” Gambadoro said Thursday.
The 6-foot-3, 170-pound Fox averaged 16.7 points, 4.0 rebounds and 4.6 assists per game during his freshman year at Kentucky. Known for his tight handles, defense and blazing speed, he will be tasked with overcoming a jump shot that didn't drop and gaining enough weight for his defensive instincts to translate at the NBA level.
Fox, who ESPN's Chad Ford has being drafted by the Suns in his latest mock draft, told Sports Illustrated's Andrew Sharp he is “intrigued” by potentially playing alongside Devin Booker in Phoenix, where Bledsoe, Ulis and Brandon Knight also make up a backcourt of UK guards.
While Phoenix has not gotten a deeper look at Fox, it has attended workouts and met with Isaac and Tatum. While the Suns have inquired about moving up in the draft — Bill Simmons and Kevin O'Connor at The Ringer floated a potential Suns-Lakers swap on their recent podcast — the asking price has been too high, Gambadoro reports.
Suns general manager Ryan McDonough has publically maintained since the NBA Draft Lottery that he sees an even tier of talent available at the No. 4 spot.
That gives Phoenix the potential to trade down in the draft. A reported Kings trade — Sacramento would move into No. 4 for the fifth and 10th picks — has been floated, and the Suns could potentially move down another spot or two if they got an enticing deal for the fourth pick.
Jackson appeared to be a potential third or fourth pick after the lottery balls were read, but of late, he has threatened Ball to be the No. 2 pick to the Los Angeles Lakers.
The Suns worked out Jackson in Sacramento on Wednesday, reports John Gambadoro of 98.7 FM, Arizona's Sports Station. Jackson, widely considered the best two-way talent among the likely top-five picks, also has worked out twice for the Lakers, who pick second.
Gambadoro added Thursday that the Philadelphia 76ers, who select third, will get a look at Jackson.
Follow @AZSports
Though University of Michigan student Chris Armstrong withdrew his petition for a protective order against Andrew Shirvell, he's not bowing out of the legal fight against his adult bully just yet. His attorney filed a complaint with the Michigan Attorney Grievance Commission against the Michigan assistant attorney general. If the commission accepts the complaint and rules in Armstrong's favor, it has the power to disbar Shirvell.
“We just feel very strongly … that you can't be a licensed attorney and an officer of the court and conduct yourself this way and essentially terrorize a college student,” says Armstrong's counsel Deborah Gordon, who's trying to put an end to to Shirvell's months-long harassment campaign.
More hilariously, Gordon filed her own complaint against Shirvell as a member of the bar.
Armstrong filed the complaint on the grounds Shirvell has violated the Michigan Rules of Professional Conduct for attorneys “by making obviously false, disgusting and utterly outlandish allegations about Armstrong's lifestyle,” Gordon said. The rule Shirvell is accused of violating says it's professional misconduct for a lawyer to “engage in conduct involving dishonesty, fraud, deceit, misrepresentation or violation of the criminal law.” Gordon herself filed a separate complaint against Shirvell, citing conduct rules that say a lawyer with knowledge that another lawyer is violating the rules shall inform the commission. She said she believes Shirvell is unfit to practice law. She released a copy of her complaint, but declined to release Armstrong's complaint.
Disbarring Shirvell would mean he would be forced out of his job (whether he's disciplined or not), or at least demoted to doing some paralegal grunt work. But you don't need a license to practice law to continue harassing gay college students. [Detroit Free Press]
