Image caption More than 1.8 million passengers have travelled on the amphibious vehicles
Duck boat tours will no longer be seen in London after the company which runs them lost access to the ramp used to enter the River Thames.
The slipway beside MI6's building in Vauxhall is to be acquired by Thames Water for construction of the Thames Tideway Tunnel.
London Duck Tours managing director John Bigos said it was a "very sad day for the company".
The last tours will take place on 17 September.
More than 1.8 million passengers have travelled on the amphibious vehicles since the service began.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The DUKWs can often be seen on the capital's streets or in the River Thames
"Tourists worldwide and Londoners will surely miss our iconic bright yellow DUKWs travelling around town," Mr Bigos said.
But he said it was "vital not to delay construction of this much needed infrastructure project".
The 15-mile (25km) "super sewer" will remove tens of millions of tonnes of sewage pollution from the river, according to Thames Water.
In a statement, the firm said it had tried to help relocate the tours and find ways for them to continue during construction but "no suitable option or alternative location was found".
In 2013, London Duck Tours had its tours suspended after one of its amphibious vessels, Cleopatra, caught fire.
Amphibious DUKWs - or Ducks
Image copyright Getty Images
The DUKW, also known as a Duck, is a six-wheel-drive amphibious truck first made in the US in the mid-1940s
21,000 DUKWs were produced for use during World War Two to move men and materials ashore where no port facilities existed
Many served on D-Day and in the Normandy landings, where 40% of supplies landed on the beaches were carried by DUKWs
DUKWs remained in service with the British and other armies into the 1970s
Source: The Yellow Duckmarine
Image caption Most of the recordings were made during the Please Please Me sessions
Unreleased outtakes, demos and BBC sessions by The Beatles from 1963 have been released on iTunes.
The 59 tracks have been released on iTunes to stop them falling out of copyright and into the public domain.
EU copyright law covers recordings for 70 years if they have had an official release or 50 years if they have not.
The 2-disc set was apparently released, then removed, early on Tuesday, causing speculation it was only being published briefly to extend the copyright period.
Fans posted screenshots of the collection on the New Zealand iTunes store, along with links which later became invalid.
Online reports suggested the same thing had happened in Australia, Russia and Saudi Arabia - although the EU's copyright laws would not apply in any of these territories.
However, the full album appeared on the UK iTunes store shortly after 14:00 GMT. The BBC has been told the songs will remain on the site "indefinitely".
Demo versions
Gathering together live material and recording session offcuts, the compilation includes four alternate takes of She Loves You, two of From Me To You and several live versions of Roll Over Beethoven.
It also features three attempts at There's A Place, as well as demos of two songs the group gave to other artists - Paul McCartney and John Lennon's acoustic version of Bad to Me and Lennon's piano demo of I'm in Love.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Beatles experts David Bedford and Phil Coppell discuss the recordings
The tracks had been widely bootlegged, but never officially released until now.
After a recent change in the law, the master tape for The Beatles' 1963 debut album Please Please Me is protected by copyright until 2033, but the unreleased session tapes for that album are not.
If the Beatles chose not to release the recordings before the end of the year, other record labels could theoretically put them out and profit from them next year.
The band's 1962 debut single Love Me Do arguably slipped out of copyright last year before the EU's copyright extension was signed into law.
At least one record company issued a "remastered" version of the song, although that has since been deleted.
The copyright law in question only covers the recordings - the composition of the songs remains the copyright of the songwriter for 70 years after his or her death.
The Beatles are not the first band to issue rare material in a bid to extend copyright.
Bob Dylan's record label rushed out 100 copies of an album last year containing early TV performances, alongside multiple versions of Blowin' in the Wind, Bob Dylan's Dream and I Shall Be Free.
Officially called The 50th Anniversary Collection, it carried a subtitle which explained its true purpose: The Copyright Extension Collection, Vol. 1.
A second volume followed this year, while Motown has also begun issuing rare recordings on iTunes under the Motown Unreleased banner.
PocketNow has got its hands on the first press shot of HTC's Evo One, which looks set to be unveiled for Sprint at an event being held by the two companies tomorrow. It's the middle phone in that shot you see above, and while we can't read too much into the picture it certainly seems to fit in right next to AT&T's One X and T-Mobile's One S, both of which we gave pretty glowing reviews to yesterday.
AndroidCentral's sources say that the phone features a 4.7-inch 720p AMOLED screen (which seems odd given the quality of the One X's 720p Super LCD 2), LTE, an 8-megapixel camera, and a 1.5GHz Snapdragon S4 processor, which at least on paper sounds like an offering unlikely to disappoint Sprint customers pining for HTC's revival. We probably don't have long to wait for official confirmation, so make sure to check back after we've attended Wednesday's event.
SAN JOSE, California—Michael Bledsoe's story begins like that of many other Iraqi war veterans. In 2007, he was chasing insurgents through Anbar province when a roadside bomb exploded, breaking Bledsoe's back and both his feet. A former Army Ranger working as a security contractor, Bledsoe soon knew his high-paying military career was over.
Back home, Bledsoe (not his real name) felt angry almost constantly. Nightmares haunted him. He withdrew and became isolated. "It was a serious sense of loss," he says. His psychiatrist quickly diagnosed post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Despite months of talk therapy, the nightmares continued, and Bledsoe grew desperate. Then "something almost miraculous" happened, he says. An online search brought him to a unique study of the banned drug MDMA (3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine), well known as the street drug ecstasy. The 21-patient study, sponsored by the nonprofit Multidisciplinary Association for Psychedelic Studies (MAPS), launched in 2004 as the first U.S. clinical trial of a psychedelic drug in 35 years.
After several bond-building sessions with psychiatrist and study leader Michael Mithoefer and a co-therapist, Bledsoe swallowed a white tablet, donned eyeshades and reclined in Mithoefer's comfortable Charleston, S.C., office. Over the next eight hours, Bledsoe revisited the explosion and recounted the trauma to Mithoefer. After two more MDMA-assisted psychotherapy sessions, Bledsoe says his PTSD symptoms were "completely eliminated."
This weekend at a MAPS-sponsored meeting here, Mithoefer reported similar results for nearly all of the trial's participants. After two or three MDMA sessions, patients who received MDMA experienced huge drops in symptoms as measured by a standard PTSD scale. At baseline, study patients had an average Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale (CAPS) score of 79, but after MDMA-assisted therapy, CAPS scores dropped to 23.4 in the 13-person MDMA group, whereas an eight-person placebo group averaged a score of 60. (Later, seven of eight placebo patients chose to receive MDMA as well.)
The improvements appeared to endure, Mithoefer reported. After an average of 3.5 years, 13 of 16 patients remaining in contact with the researchers no longer met the criteria for PTSD. However, two of the patients "clearly relapsed," Mithoefer says. In addition, many of the patients returned to using antidepressants and other psychoactive medications, though the total number of prescriptions in the group was much lower than before.
Julie Holland, a psychiatrist in New York City who used to work at the James J. Peters VA Medical Center in the Bronx, says the data "look really great. It's amazing that when patients are done with therapy, they don't meet criteria for PTSD. I've never even seen that. It's a very big deal." If MDMA were legal, Holland added, she would "absolutely" use it in her practice.
Brain-imaging studies in healthy volunteers show that MDMA quiets the amygdala, an almond-shaped structure deep in the brain that some researchers call a “fear center” due to its central role in triggering strong negative emotions. MDMA also releases a flood of the brain messengers serotonin and dopamine while increasing blood levels of the hormones oxytocin and prolactin, which promote social bonding. This potent mix diminishes fear and defensiveness and boosts empathy and the desire to connect with others, says Holland, so “the therapy work goes faster and deeper.”
Veterans suffer very high rates of PTSD, according to surveys. One 2004 study in The New England Journal of Medicine estimated that up to 18 percent of Iraqi and Afghanistan combat veterans experience the disorder. "This is our way of trying to contribute to our moral obligations to our veterans," says MAPS founder and executive director Rick Doblin. He added that the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs has rejected overtures from MAPS to work together on five separate occasions.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has been friendlier to the group. This month, the agency granted MAPS permission to continue testing MDMA in 16 additional veterans with PTSD. But the road to full FDA approval is long and expensive, and Doblin anticipates five to 10 years of additional trials. He envisions eventually building a network of psychedelic therapy centers.
A dedicated network of therapists experimented with MDMA-assisted psychotherapy in the 1970s and 1980s before the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration banned the drug in 1985. The next year, Doblin launched MAPS to revive psychedelic research, a movement that's now gaining steam. A dozen human studies of MDMA, LSD, a powerful African drug called ibogaine and psilocybin, from so-called "magic mushrooms," are now under way, testing the once-stigmatized drugs as treatments for not only PTSD, but also cluster headaches and addiction, as well as anxiety and depression in cancer patients.
Charles Grob, a psychiatrist at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, dosed 12 end-stage cancer patients with psilocybin to test whether the experience could ease anxiety and help the patients cope with their diagnosis. Grob did not present his data, which are under review for publication, at the San Jose meeting, but the buzz on the results is positive. Grob and his co-investigators did offer snippets of letters and reactions from study patients. One said, “It feels like healing.” Similar studies of psilocybin in the terminally ill are now launching at New York University in New York City and Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore.
However, the going has been slow, with Doblin carefully dotting every regulatory "i" to prevent a second backlash against psychedelics. "This isn't the '60s," he says. "We've learned the lessons of that era, and now we're trying to integrate ourselves into science, into medicine, into society."
At the San Jose meeting, dubbed "Psychedelic Science in the 21st Century," that integration was in full swing. Eleven hundred therapists, physicians, basic researchers and psychedelics enthusiasts gathered for three days of scientific and cultural talks, visionary art shows and late-night celebrations. The unlikely mix found conservatively dressed researchers from prestigious universities mingling with the heavily tattooed and the green haired.
As for Bledsoe, he's now a true believer. His MDMA sessions were "an almost sacred experience, a very special and uplifting experience," he says. After the therapy, he vacationed in Jamaica, began dating a local woman and bought a house on the island. "I'm happy and well adjusted now," he says. "It's a good fairy-tale ending. As soon as we get some little Bob Marley kids it'll be even better."
If there had ever been any dispute about why Airbnb refuses to support simple measures that would enforce the city's laws, we now know the answer:
A report from the American Hospitality and Lodging Association (which was covered today in the Examiner), concludes that the relatively small number of Airbnb hosts who are breaking the law in SF and other cites account for a disproportionate amount of the company's revenue.
Multiple-unit operators – that is, people who rent out more than one place on the site — account for 40 percent of Airbnb's revenue nationwide, the study, done by Penn State University researchers, concluded.
In San Francisco, full-time rentals – units that are never occupied by the owner but are available as hotel rooms 365 days a year – accounted for 22.4 percent of the company's local revenue, or $43.5 million, during the 12-month period from September 2014 to September 2015.
If you add the full-time rentals in SF and the operators with two or more units – all of which are illegal under existing law – it comes to 54 percent of Airbnb's revenue in the city.
The report shows that the company made $194 million in SF during that one-year period, and $105 million was from illegal units.
(Now: Most of the multi-unit buildings may also be full-time rentals, so there's probably some crossover. But the report shows only 24 full-time two-unit operators and more than 1,000 two-unit hosts, so if the numbers are off, it's not by a whole lot.)
If the city simply banned Airbnb from listing units that aren't registered, the 1,884 units that the study shows are illegally rented would be gone from the site – along with more than half the company's revenue.
The pattern is similar in other cities. So if cities around the nation followed SF's lead, limited rentals to the single unit a host occupies, required registration, and prevented these hosting platforms from listing illegal units, Airbnb's $1.3 billion in annual revenue would plummet by more than half.
The company argues that most of its hosts are simply middle-class people making a little money on the side – and in terms of the numbers of hosts, that may be true. But in terms of the company's revenue, most of it comes from what in San Francisco are illegal rentals.
And it's interesting that the company (while it disputes the study) has taken a new tack in its PR. Here's what spokesman Nick Pappas told the Ex:
“The overwhelming majority of Airbnb hosts are middle class people who occasionally share only the home in which they live and while Airbnb hosts keep 97 percent of the price they charge for their listings, hotels take most of the money they earn out of the community,” Papas said.
Even if the overwhelming majority of the hosts are small-time operators, the study suggests that they aren't the ones making Airbnb most of its money. If the company had been content to be a site that connects people who want to rent out rooms, a lot of the political battles would never have happened (in large part because Airbnb listings wouldn't be cannibalizing the city's housing stock).
Instead, Airbnb is going for the big time, with a huge valuation and investors like Ron Conway who want to make huge returns when the company goes public. And that requires, well, allowing people (or maybe encouraging people) to break the law.
I emailed Papas to ask if he disputes the real conclusion of the study, which is that the big money is in rentals that are, at least in San Francisco, illegal.
But look at the second part of his statement. Airbnb now seems to be saying: Hey, so what if we are a de-facto hotel company. Traditional hotels are bad for the local economy and we keep the money in town.
That's a far, far cry from the way the company has defended its actions in the past, and suggests that Airbnb is moving closer to admitting that it's not just a tech company – and that this whole “sharing economy” thing is a lie.
The supervisors who sided with Airbnb and refused reasonable law enforcement ought to be embarrassed. The city will never be able to control its housing stock if we allow these companies to make such huge sums of money with illegal rentals.
It's so easy to fix – but I suspect Airbnb's not going to voluntarily give up half its revenue to do it. So I guess at some point the city has to stop asking nicely.
When it comes to cutting edge mischief, there's nothing quite like a computer hacker to capture our imagination. As we become more connected to our devices than ever before, we become ever more fascinated in those who've danced their way around modern cybersecurity. Whether it's elaborate Internet heists, government hackers or hacktivist groups there's something innately compelling about the story of these online Houdini's. Below we take a look at the most prolific computer hackers in modern history.
1. Gary McKinnon
As one of the most controversial cases on this list, Gary McKinon hacked into 97 US military systems before leaving a message that said “Your security is crap”. In his journey to prove the existence of UFOs he found himself on the wrong side of US law, but that didn't stop him from attempting to download images of “alien spacecraft”. Since the high profile hacks, the US has been unsuccessful at extraditing McKinnon from the UK. The case was made ever more complex and controversial due to the fact that Gary McKinnon has Autism.
2. Kevin Mitnick
Kevin Mitnick has been described by the US Department of Justice as “the most wanted computer criminal in United States history “. Mitnick is alleged to have hacked into computer systems of technology companies all the way from Nokia, to Motorola. Despite his attempts to evade authorities Mitnick was arrested and imprisoned in 1995 before being released on parole in 2000. Today he appears to have left his hacking activities behind him and instead opts to run a computer security consultancy instead.
3. Sven Jaschan
Sven Jaschan is one of the more alarming characters on this list, as he is reputed to have created the Netsky and Sasser worms in 2004 as a teenager. The two viruses have had a devastating impact online and previously accounted for more that 70 percent of all malware seen spreading over the internet at the time. Jaschan was caught and received a suspended sentence and three years' probation on account of his crimes.
4. Robert Morris
As one of the most notorious names on the list, Robert Morris is notorious for discovering the buffer overflow and creating the first ever Internet worm (The Morris Worm). The Internet worm program exploited a gap in Unix's sendmail program and went on to infect thousands of computers around the world. The self-replicating program was incredibly infectious to the extent that even Morris couldn't control it. In an attempt to regain control of the situation he sent a message out to instruct other programmers how to eliminate the virus.
5. Vladimir Levin
Vladimir Levi has become infamous as the perpetrator of one of the biggest Internet heists in modern history. In 1995, he broke into Citibank computers and stole $10 million before wiring it to different accounts around the world. One part of the heist was to tap into telecommunication systems to listen to customers private account information. The authorities recovered the majority of the money and Levin was sentenced to three years in prison in addition to being ordered to pay back $240,000 to Citibank.
6. The Syrian Electronic Army
As one of the most militaristic hacking entities on this list, The Syrian Electronic Army has been incredibly active in causing chaos for western organizations. In support of Syria, the SEA has launched distributed denial of service attacks (DDOS) on high traffic sites like Facebook and Twitter. Any organization reputed to be anti-Syria has been targeted, including the Huffington Post and the New York Times. The SEA has even hacked the Marine Corps website to encourage marines to refuse their orders.
7. Max Ray “Iceman” Butler
May Ray Butler, computer security consultant gone rogue is one of the most notorious hackers on this list. Butler was arrested in 2007 for stealing 2 million credit card numbers and accumulating over $86 million through fraudulent activity. Even more alarming is the fact that Butler was organizing the “Carders Market”, a forum where individuals illegally bought and sold the financial data of unsuspecting consumers. After Butler was caught he was hit with a 13-year prison sentence (The longest sentence for hacking up to that point).
8. MafiaBoy
MafiaBoy was the mind behind one of the largest DDOS attacks in history, an attack which brought down Amazon, eBay and Yahoo. MafiaBoy used computer scripts to overwhelm servers with useless data and send them offline. As part of his defense, Yan's lawyer suggested that Romanowski had the potential to do ‘unimaginable damage' if he used all of his skills. The maximum sentence would have been two years, but Mafiaboy only received 8 months, and one year of probation after his release.
9. Astra
A hacker by the alias of Astra, rose to notoriety after gaining access to Dassault Group Computers, an aviation company, stealing a mass of data on weapons technology. During the height of his activity, Astra indiscriminately sold information about jet fighters and military aircraft to countries during the period spanning the hacks. Astra's breach of Dassault Group cost them more than $360 million. Though his identity has never been released to the public, he was arrested in January 2008 before being sentenced to six years in prison.
10. Anonymous Group
Anonymous is one of the most notorious hacktivist groups on the Internet. They rose to prominence after a series of high profile attacks were publicized on social media. The group has a distinct image with anonymous spokesman talking whilst wearing Guy Fawkes masks. As a hacktivist group, the majority of their attacks are conducted for ‘moral' reasons (Though they are a vigilante group). One of the largest attacks occurred in 2012 when Anonymous shut down the Recording Industry and Motion Picture Association of America's websites in response to the FBI's shut down on MegaUpload.
The Benjamin Netanyahu on display in the days before and after Tuesday's Israeli election is the same one who has been in power all these years. Right along, he was there for all to see, so no one should have been surprised by his performance. I seriously doubt that anyone really is surprised. Americans who slavishly toe the Israeli and Israel Lobby line may act surprised, but that's really just their embarrassment at having to answer for the prime minister of the "State of the Jewish People."
Democrats especially are in a bind. They can't afford to distance themselves from Netanyahu and alienate Jewish sources of campaign donations, yet they are visibly uncomfortable with his so openly racist fear-mongering about Israeli Arab voters—"The right-wing government is in danger. Arab voters are heading to the polling stations in droves. Left-wing NGOs are bringing them in buses." The Democrats' defense of that ugly appeal as merely a way to get the vote out is disgraceful. (Imagine something equivalent happening in the United States.)
Democrats are also nervous about Netanyahu's declaration that no Palestinian state will be established as long as he heads the Israeli government. (His post-election attempt to walk it back somewhat was not well-received.) Life was so much simpler for people like Hillary Clinton when Netanyahu didn't say things like that in public. Meanwhile, hawkish Republicans—that's redundant— are unfazed.
For anyone paying close attention, Netanyahu's racism and ruthless opportunism are not news at all. A few years ago a candid video from 2001 surfaced in which he cynically described Americans as "easily moved," i.e., manipulated. The Israelis, he said, can do what they want with the Palestinians because the Americans "won't get in their way." These are the same Americans who are forced to send Israel $3 billion a year in military assistance so that it can regularly bomb and embargo Palestinians in the Gaza Strip prison camp and oppress Palestinians in a slightly more subtle manner in the shrinking West Bank and East Jerusalem.
With Netanyahu, you really do know what you get, which arguably makes him a better choice to run Israel than the left-of-center Zionist Union because the Laborites share most of Likud's beliefs about the Palestinians; they're just more circumspect and therefore more comforting to so-called Americans "liberals." Saying you support negotiations toward a Palestinian state is not the same as actually being for a viable Palestinian state. Palestinians have little left of the walled-off West Bank and East Jerusalem because of Jewish-only towns built over the years by the two dominant parties, Likud and Labor. And Gaza is a bombed-out disaster area. (Even for many two-state advocates, justice is not the concern. Rather, demographic circumstances make one state untenable for these pragmatists because out-and-out apartheid, which the world would frown on, would be seen as the only alternative to a genuinely democratic state with a Jewish minority. The one-staters have their own solution to the Palestinian problem, the one used in 1948: transfer.)
The prime minister is a sophist extraordinaire; he says whatever he needs to say to gain his objective of the moment. When he ruled out a Palestinian state before the election, in a bid to shore up his right-wing base, he was interpreted as reversing a commitment he made in 2009, after he had returned to power, the same year that Barack Obama took office. The campaign reversal put Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry in a most uncomfortable position, since they had made the fraudulent "peace process" a top priority, until talks broke down last spring, a failure they pinned at least in part on Netanyahu. Once the election was over and some reconciliation with the U.S. government was required, Netanyahu "clarified" his remarks, saying his 2009 position had not really changed; only the environment has.
I don't want a one-state solution. I want a sustainable, peaceful two-state solution, but for that, circumstances have to change. I was talking about what is achievable and what is not achievable. To make it achievable, then you have to have real negotiations with people who are committed to peace. I never changed my speech in Bar Ilan University six years ago calling for a demilitarized Palestinian state that recognizes the Jewish state. What has changed is the reality.
What has changed? Netanyahu probably has a few things in mind. The Palestinians reject a new demand that they formally recognize Israel as the state of the Jewish people (everywhere). Decades ago the Palestinian leadership accepted Israel's existence within the pre-1967-war borders—that is, it relinquished claim to 78 percent of pre-1948 Palestine. (Even Hamas has said it was willing to defer to the secular Fatah and the Palestinian Authority). But in a goalpost-moving action, Netanyahu recently added the new demand, something he knows the Palestinian leadership cannot accept if it is to maintain legitimacy (or whatever legitimacy it still has). Such a concession would be prejudicial to Israel's non-Jewish Arab citizens and would favor Jews who have never set foot in the country over native-born Palestinian Arabs who were driven out of their ancestral home and who are forbidden to return.
In other words, Netanyahu knowingly placed an impossible precondition on the negotiations. But it is he who has insisted there be no preconditions whatever. When the Palestinians demanded that Israel stop seizing Palestinian-owned land on the West Bank and in East Jerusalem to make room for Jewish-only neighborhoods, Netanyahu refused on the grounds that this was a precondition. (The Palestinians relented and gave talks a chance, no doubt under American pressure.) But it was not so much a precondition as a recognition that the land being seized was precisely the subject of the negotiation. In what universe is it reasonable for two parties to negotiate over territory while one is busy annexing it and building permanent settlements?
It is this sort of thing that exposes Netanyahu's bad faith regarding the Palestinians. He sabotages the "peace process," then blames the Palestinians for failing to be an earnest partner for peace. (Now he's trying to sabotage multilateral talks with Iran. See a pattern?)
Netanyahu may also be saying the timing is wrong for a Palestinian state—which would be a rump state completely at the Israeli government's mercy—because ISIS is creating turmoil in nearby Iraq and Syria, and Iran is expanding its influence in the region. The sophistry here is that much trouble in the Middle East can be traced to Israel's injustice against the Palestinians and belligerence toward its neighbors, especially the repeated devastating invasions of southern Lebanon. Ethnic-cleansing, massacres perpetrated by Zionist militias at the time of independence, unrelenting occupation of the West Bank since 1967, the repression and impoverishment of the Gazans, and the routine humiliation of Israel's Arab second-class citizens have created deep grievances that are only made worse by Netanyahu and those who support him.
This of course has spilled over onto the United States, since Democratic and Republican regimes stand by Israel no matter what and no matter how many times its government humiliates American rulers. When former Gen. David Petraeus told a Senate Armed Services Committee in 2010 that the U.S.-Israeli relationship "foments anti-American sentiment," he was merely repeating what many other officials had acknowledged before. "Meanwhile," Petraeus added, "al-Qaeda and other militant groups exploit that anger to mobilize support. The conflict also gives Iran influence in the Arab world through its clients, Lebanese Hizballah and Hamas..." The attacks of 9/11 were in part motivated by anger over America's relationship with Israel. Osama bin Laden's 1996 declaration of war makes clear that this relationship was at the heart of his hostility toward the United States. Mohammed Atta, one of the 9/11 hijackers, joined the cause after Israel's 1996 assault on Lebanon, James Bamford writes in The Shadow Factory. (Open discussion of these facts is discouraged by spurious charges of antisemitism against anyone who raises it.)
So, again, Netanyahu cites reasons for not making peace that he himself helped create or is now perpetuating. That he is taken seriously in American politics is a testament to the power of the Israel Lobby.
Netanyahu's apparent reelection and the egregious circumstances under which it was accomplished should prompt a reconsideration of the special relationship. Although it should have happened long ago, now would be a good time for the U.S. government to end the relationship and start seeing Israel as a rogue and aggressor nuclear power. (Of course the United States is hardly one to talk.) No more excuses. The Palestinians had nothing to do with the Holocaust. Let's have one moral standard for all.
Not that I think it has a chance of happening, but the U.S. government should cease all taxpayer aid to the Israeli government, stop vetoing UN Security Council resolutions that condemn Israel for its daily violations of human rights, and stop impeding Palestinian efforts to set up an independent country (with membership in the International Criminal Court, etc.). The United States should withdraw from the Middle East and enter into a detente with Iran (which is not developing a nuclear weapon). This would have an immediate dividend: we would not be driven to war with Iran by Netanyahu, the Lobby, and its neoconservative Republican and Democratic stooges in Congress.
Maybe Israeli politicians will act more responsibly if they don't have the American people to fall back on. Probably not. But we know the Palestinians will get no justice under the status quo. Meanwhile, U.S. policy puts Americans at risk. This must stop.
This piece was originally published at Sheldon Richman's "Free Association" blog.
The Wolf effect (sometimes Wolf shift) is a frequency shift in the electromagnetic spectrum.[1] The phenomenon occurs in several closely related phenomena in radiation physics, with analogous effects occurring in the scattering of light.[2] It was first predicted by Emil Wolf in 1987 [3][4] and subsequently confirmed in the laboratory in acoustic sources by Mark F. Bocko, David H. Douglass, and Robert S. Knox,[5] and a year later in optic sources by Dean Faklis and George Morris in 1988.[6]
Theoretical description [ edit ]
In optics, two non-Lambertian sources that emit beamed energy can interact in a way that causes a shift in the spectral lines. It is analogous to a pair of tuning forks with similar frequencies (pitches), connected together mechanically with a sounding board; there is a strong coupling that results in the resonant frequencies getting "dragged down" in pitch. The Wolf Effect requires that the waves from the sources are partially coherent - the wavefronts being partially in phase. Laser light is coherent while candlelight is incoherent, each photon having random phase. It can produce either redshifts or blueshifts, depending on the observer's point of view, but is redshifted when the observer is head-on.[3]
For two sources interacting while separated by a vacuum, the Wolf effect cannot produce shifts greater than the linewidth of the source spectral line, since it is a position-dependent change in the distribution of the source spectrum, not a method by which new frequencies may be generated. However, when interacting with a medium, in combination with effects such as Brillouin scattering it may produce distorted shifts greater than the linewidth of the source.
Application to cosmology [ edit ]
In his 1987 Nature paper, Wolf argues that the mechanism outlined "...may be responsible for some of the so far unexplained features of quasar spectra, including line asymmetries and small differences in the observed redshifts of different lines". Wolf goes on to relate this to a 1966 paper in the same journal on quasar coherence emission by astrophysicists Hoyle, Burbidge and Sargent.
Werder Bremen and USMNT forward Aron Johannsson said he is hoping for a "fresh start" under new River-Islanders coach Florian Kohfeldt.
The Alabama–born striker - who has featured in just three minutes of Werder's current Bundesliga campaign – made a big impression after coming from the bench during the Green-Whites' 2-2 friendly draw against Heerenveen on Thursday, a day before he celebrated his 27th birthday.
It's welcome news for the 19-time international, who has struggled to nail down a place with the former Bundesliga winners since signing for the club in 2015.
Watch: Werder Bremen fall in Frankfurt last time out in the Bundesliga
A serious hip injury in his first season at Werder preceded him falling down the pecking order under former coach Alexander Nouri. It led to Johannsson featuring in only 17 Bundesliga appearances, and registering three goals, since his switch from AZ Alkmaar.
Yet with Nouri having departed Bremen and Kohfeldt now in charge until at least the end of the calendar year, Johannsson senses a chance to earn a run in a team, who are in need of a lift.
"Aron showed me out there what he has been showing me since I arrived here: that he is very committed," coach Kohfeldt explained after the Heerenveen test. "He was involved in some very good moments during the match, and although he did make a few mistakes, it was clear to see he wants to take his chance."
The former Fjolnir and Arhus striker was brought on in the second half of Thursday's friendly, and almost found the net with a clever lob that just missed the target. Speaking after the encounter, Johannsson – who appeared for the USMNT at the 2014 FIFA World Cup – said, "Everything starts from zero for me now; this is a fresh start."
Fans of Werder will be hoping their team experiences a fresh run of success with Kohfeldt and Johannsson on board. The four-time Bundesliga champions have failed to win any of their last 14 Bundesliga games – a sequence that stretches back to last season – and currently lie second from bottom of the standings with five points. Die Grün-Weißen host Hannover when the Bundesliga returns to action next weekend.
Click here for more Werder Bremen news and features!
Posted by DrJeff on May 21st, 2009
Filed under 1.5. Dr. Jeff's Jeffisms, 1.6. Dr. Jeff Speaks Out, 4. The Earth, 4.1. Environment and Climate Change, 4.2. General Biosphere
Copyright 2009 | About this blog
Hello there! If you are new here, you might want to subscribe to the RSS feed for updates on this topic.
This post is a ‘Jeffism' by Dr. Jeff and a Dr. Jeff Speaks Out.
Last time on the blog, I used astronaut John Grunsfeld's recent Business Trip to the Hubble Space Telescope to show you that the perceived limitless ocean of air under which we live is really not limitless. At an altitude of 62 miles (100 km) above Earth's surface, you're effectively at the top of the atmosphere (since 99.99% of it is beneath you.) So let's really put this in perspective with a Dr. Jeff Jeffism:
�
Earth's atmosphere compared to Earth is thinner than
the skin of an apple compared to an apple.
�
I truly hope that makes an impression on you. Read it again and let it sink in. Then take a moment and reflect on what you're thinking.
�
Now … for the rest of the story—
Our atmosphere is nothing more than a slender veil surrounding our planet. It supports all life on spaceship Earth, and its composition, temperature, and weather are clearly changing. So next time you're in a debate about global warming, pull this Jeffism out of your pocket. It's a simple model that provides deeper conceptual understanding, and opens up discussions about the fragility of the atmosphere and the capacity of the human race to affect it. Clearly there can be no argument that a threshold for atmospheric change exists beyond which dramatic consequences for life on Earth can be expected. The key questions: are we approaching or even past that threshold, are we causing that change, and if we are what can we do about it? We all therefore have a vested stake in this debate for we ALL have something to lose – ‘we' the human race; and ‘we' the other countless species of Earth.
�
My view? We humans are indeed the agents of global change, and that all of humanity needs to collectively consider the consequences of our actions, of our industrialization, and define a rational response – very very quickly. The diversity of life on Earth – on the savannas of Africa, in the rain forests of Central and South America, and beneath the worlds' oceans – is at risk. All these species are voiceless in this debate, and powerless to intervene.
�
For a conceptually powerful educational essay on global warming as an outgrowth of human activity, read A Day in the Life of the Earth here at Blog on the Universe, or
at the Huffington Post. It includes a foreword by Dr. James Hansen, Director of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies in New York.
�
Teachers and parents:
Before reading the Jeffism above to your class or child, use a familiar model to identify their preconceptions and misconceptions about the atmosphere. Get a classroom globe of the Earth and ask how high above the globe the atmosphere extends. Then read the Jeffism, and ask who's shocked and why. Ask them to reflect on the difference between their perception of the atmosphere and reality.
�
Here's more to consider:
�
• Have a thoughtful and interdisciplinary discussion as a class or as a family considering the larger and inter-connected issues we face on global warming in terms of: science, technology, politics, economics, funding, the need for global partnerships, ethics, and morality. Science should not be taught in isolation from all other human considerations. The world is interdisciplinary, so why would we want to teach about the world only subject by subject?
�
• Visit my Favorite Quotes page and read the quotes by astronaut Ulf Merbold and cosmonaut Yuri Artyukhin. How are their words relevant to the discussion?
�
• The Jeffism above is effective because it builds a bridge to the familiar using a model—in this case using an apple as a conceptual model to understand Earth. Read the Power of Models page to gain deeper insight into how to use modeling in learning environments, and realize that you surround yourself with countless models every day to make the world understandable.
�
The Experiment
Don't let your students just assume the Jeffism is correct. Help them to insist on testing it. That's what science is all about. Scientists (your kids) should put ideas to the torture test—and own the process. So assume my Jeffism is a hypothesis, and have them test it for themselves. And let them frame the experiment with guidance from you.
�
Here's the concept: the atmosphere is 62 miles (100 km) thick and the Earth's diameter is 7,900 miles (12,700 km). So how does Earth's diameter compare to the thickness of the atmosphere? That's just the ratio: 12,700 / 100 = 127. So the diameter of Earth is 127 times the thickness of the atmosphere.
�
What about the apple? The skin of the apple is what I'll define as the peeling you get when you peel an apple with a good potato peeler (one that does not dig deeply into the apple). Here's the creative thinking part of the experiment—your students/children need to propose how to measure the thickness of an apple skin. One of a number of approaches is to use a peeler to carefully peel a really long strip from an apple. Then tear off reasonably sized pieces and stack them in layers until you have a thickness you can measure with a ruler with millimeter divisions. Measure the thickness of the stack, then count the layers, and divide the thickness of the stack by the number of layers to get the thickness of a single layer. That's the thickness of the apple skin!
�
Finally, measure the diameter of the apple and calculate the ratio of apple diameter to skin thickness. This ratio is what you compare to the 127 we got for the ratio of Earth's diameter to the thickness of the atmosphere.
�
I just did it with a golden delicious apple. My stack of 10 layers had a measured thickness of 11 mm, corresponding to 1.1 mm for a single layer–which is the thickness of the apple skin. The apple has a diameter of 80 mm. So the diameter of the apple is only 80 / 1.1 = 72 times the thickness of the skin. Comparing that to Earth's diameter equal to 127 times the thickness of the atmoshere means the Jeffism (at least with my apple) is confirmed!
�
A final thought—you can ask your students or child to go back to the classroom globe of Earth and calculate the thickness of the atmosphere on the globe. It's just the diameter of the globe divided by 127.
�
Science—it's fun, it's a team effort, it's eye-opening.
-Dr. Jeff
�
A word from our sponsor:
• I have the title for next Monday's Weekly Challenge that is sure to intrigue: A Pound of Ants and the Capabilities of Intelligent Biomass (how do I come up with this stuff). It is a powerful post on how we humans are affecting Earth's environment.
�
• Hey, it's a brand-new blog. If you like what you read, leave a comment on the bottom of any of the Posts or Resource Pages. It will help get more teachers and parents aboard!
�
• If you're a new visitor, read About this Blog. And subscribe or register for email notification of new posts. In a busy world, out-of-sight is out-of-mind, so with notification you won't miss any of these powerful stories.
Bomb squads were dispatched in regards to an IED planted under a Mclennan County bridge Tuesday night.
ATF EOD teams used a water cannon on the container found just outside Rosebud, Texas- about forty miles outside of Waco.
Combustible liquids and shotgun shells were found inside the container, according to USA Today. Sheriff Parnell Mcnamara said the IED was designed in such a way that it would have dispersed shrapnel and would have been “extremely dangerous” had it gone off.
“Someone had made this to create lots of damage and harm,” McNamara said.
No injuries were sustained in the removal of the roadside bomb, which had its contents sent to the lab for analysis. No motives or suspects have been named at this time.
© 2016 Bright Mountain Media, Inc.
All rights reserved. The content of this webpage may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written consent of Bright Mountain Media, Inc. which may be contacted at info@brightmountainmedia.com
CHICAGO (CN) – A candidate for Illinois Comptroller has sued the state for allowing an atheist group to post a sign alongside the religious holiday displays in the State Capitol. William Kelly, a Republican, claims Capitol Police unjustly “detained (him) and escorted him from the building” because he turned the atheists' sign face down. Kelly calls the sign “hate speech.
Kelly's federal complaint against the Illinois Secretary of State claims: “In December 2009, a sign was placed in the Capitol Building, approved by the Defendant, that read as follows:
“At the time of the winter solstice, let reason prevail. There are no gods, no devils, no angels, no heaven or hell. There is only our natural world. Religion is just a myth and superstition that hardens hearts and enslaves minds.”
Kelly's complaint does not object to the several holiday displays “celebrating various observances” in the State Capitol. He objects only to the atheists' sign, which, he says, stood near a Nativity scene and next to a decorated Christmas tree.
Kelly claims that for the two weeks the sign was displayed, visitors, including young children, could get the impression that the sign is “endorsed” by the state as an “opposing view to the displays.”
He says the state's administrative code demands that displays be approved on the basis of “symbolic expression in the exercise of free speech,” but that signs are prohibited.
Kelly claims that by allowing the sign, the state approved expression of “hostility towards religion,” which he says is unconstitutional.
“The sign was unlike any of the displays. The sign was not symbolic, but rather consisted solely of language intentionally denigrating religion and specifically denigrating Christianity, Catholicism, Judaism, Islam and others that worship God and/or believe in the concepts of heaven and hell,” Kelly says.
Kelly says he “was forced to come into direct and unwelcomed contact with the sign by carrying out his activities as a citizen of the State of Illinois” while at the State Capitol. So he turned it face down.
Capitol police then escorted him out of the building, banned him for the day and filed an incident report.
The sign was placed by the Freedom from Religion Foundation, whose co-president, Dan Barker, told CBS TV's Chicago affiliate that the sign does criticize religion, but Barker added that he believes “the Nativity scene is mocking humanity.”
It was the second year that the foundation posted the sign at the State Capitol Building in Springfield, according to the foundation's Web site.
Barker states on the Web site: “We don't think religion, or irreligion, belongs in state capitols … (b)ut if a state is going to permit a Nativity display and create a public forum, then we want to be sure that the views of the 15 percent of the U.S. population who are not religious are also represented.”
Kelly sued Illinois Secretary of State Jesse White, claiming that placing the atheists' sign in the Capitol violates the Establishment Clause.
He demands an injunction prohibiting atheists from “placing or allowing to be placed the sign at issue or any such similar sign in the Capitol Building of the State of Illinois and any other State of Illinois Buildings”.
He is represented by Mark Roth.
Like this: Like Loading...
He wants to fill the other hole other then your mouth or your love nest.Hun unless he works on it first to get it ready, dam right it is going to hurt and if your tight back there it is going to hurt a whole lot more.Ever take a dump and it hurts like hell coming out well just think about something a whole let bigger and a lot harder going in and in till you feel some eggs hitting your butt.But some women say that after some time of pain it gets better till they injoy it better then the front.Well you had better take some thing to clean you out before then or he will be deep in do-do.Injoy baby don't worry about walking funny it stops after some time.
Source(s): just my thoughts answer-man · 1 decade ago 0 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
RADICAL THINKER
GIORDANO BRUNO
WAS A PIONEER OF ATHEISM
He believed in the Infinite nature of the Universe (not just that God is in all, but that ALL is in ALL) and claimed that life existed on other planets!
(1548-1600) In the words of historian, John Kessler, "He was a sensitive, imaginative poet, fired with the enthusiasm of a larger vision of a larger universe ... and he fell into the error of heretical belief. For this poet's vision he was kept in a dark dungeon for eight years and then taken out to a blazing marketplace and roasted to death by fire." Is Giordano Bruno still a problem for many today? Julia Jones wrote: "How would Bruno, who denounced virginity, chastity and the Church's attitude towards abstinence as life-denying, react to Clinton's indiscretions; what would he say to Jerry Falwell and the religious right? How would Bruno, who claimed there was life on the invisible worlds throughout an infinite universe, react to SETI and the current belief in UFO's? How would Bruno, who condemned Columbus and the explorers for "disturbing the spirits of native peoples" react to colonial wars, to Vietnam, and Iraq? What would Bruno, who spoke out against the popular view of women as passive and base, have to say about a woman's right to abortion and the use of contraception? How would he react to the violence of our Columbines? What would he say? How much would he have to say about nuclear weapons!" Find out who the Bruno of today is: www.rael.org
WOULD YOU BURN HIM ALIVE AGAIN TODAY? February 17, 2004 is the 404th anniversary of one of the most infamous intellectual and spiritual crimes of all time: the public burning at the stake, in Rome, of the great radical thinker and theologian Giordano Bruno. Atheist, infidel and heretic Giordano Bruno was executed under orders from Pope Clement VIII. Bruno had repeatedly refused to repent for his heretical questioning of Church doctrine that the Earth is the center of the universe, and even for his questioning of the very existence of God. His claims of an infinite universe with inhabited planets were revolutionary and considered a real threat to the Church doctrine.
Former two-term governor of New Mexico and former GOP presidential candidate Gary Johnson has sent out his first email blast as a contender for the Libertarian Party presidential nomination. At 10 a.m. MST today he'll hold a presser in New Mexico. Read the full email below:
Dear Friends,
By now, you have probably heard the news.
This morning, I stepped before the microphones at a news conference in the New Mexico capitol and announced that I am seeking the Libertarian nomination for President of the United States. The Libertarian Party nominee will be on the ballot in all 50 states – as was the case in 2008.
It was both a difficult decision – and an easy one. It was difficult because I have a lot of Republican history, and a lot of Republican supporters. But in the final analysis, as many, many commentators have said since watching how I governed in New Mexico, I am a Libertarian - that is, someone who is fiscally very conservative but holds freedom-based positions on many social issues.
Frankly, I have been deeply disappointed by the treatment I received in the Republican nomination process. Other candidates with no national name identification like Herman Cain, Rick Santorum and Jon Huntsman were allowed to participate in the debates.
Incredibly candidates with no executive experience like Michelle Bachmann and Rick Santorum were allowed to participate while I, a successful two-term governor with a solid record of job creation, was arbitrarily excluded by elitist media organizations in New York. My appeals to the Republican National Chairman for basic fairness were ignored.
I had hoped to lay out a full libertarian message on all the issues in the Republican contest. I think this election needs a libertarian voice. While Ron Paul is a good man and a libertarian who I proudly endorsed for president in 2008, there is no guarantee he will be the Republican nominee.
When I announced that I was running for president, I promised you I would be a voice for bold ideas to bring government and its spending under control. I promised I would put my record as the ‘most fiscally conservative' governor in the nation in front of the voters. And I said that, unlike too many Republican politicians, I think Americans' government should be smaller and less intrusive and let people make decisions for themselves.
My Agenda for America is clear:
- I want to end deficit spending and cut federal spending by 43%.
- I want to enact the Fair Tax to stimulate real economic growth and jobs.
- I want to end the manipulation of our money by the Federal Reserve.
- I support the Second Amendment and oppose gun control.
- I oppose expensive foreign wars in places like Libya and Afghanistan.
- I support a woman's right to choose.
- I support marriage equality for gay Americans as required by the Constitution.
- I support legalization of marijuana, which will save us billions and do no harm.
- I support returning strict adherence to Constitutional principles to our government.
It is clear that the elite national media and the political “ruling class” don't want this message heard. It frightens them. It frightens them because they know our message is one that actually reflects the true beliefs of millions of Americans – and they don't want those millions of people to know there really is a candidate for president who represents them, whether they are Republicans, Democrats, Independents or Libertarians.
Sadly neither the Republicans nor Democrats will offer this agenda to the American people.
They can't handle the notion of a successful two-term governor, elected and reelected as a Republican in a Democrat state, who could veto 750 spending bills to shrink government -- while refusing to play the special interest game or impose a social agenda on people who prefer to make their own judgments about “values”.
In other words, there is no room in the national two-party club for a candidate who actually proved that governing as a libertarian works – and whose platform on every issue is clearly supported by a majority of the American people.
Sometimes the best answer is the simplest. I'm a Libertarian in belief. I successfully governed as a Libertarian in everything but the name, and I am running for president as a Libertarian.
Even before I announced my decision, polls are showing that I would today gain more votes than any Libertarian presidential candidate in history – and have a very real impact on the election nationwide. And that is before our campaign even begins.
If I earn the Libertarian nomination, I will be on the ballot in all 50 states. I will not be held hostage to a system rigged for the wealthiest and best-known candidates in a handful of states who happen to have early primaries. And most important, we will offer a political “home” for millions of Americans who are not finding one in the current political establishment or its candidates.
I am excited. I am liberated. And I am committed to shaking the system as it has never been shaken before. Just the speculation that I might run as a Libertarian has garnered more national media attention than I ever received as a Republican candidate whose voice they didn't' want to hear.
Depending on which poll you read, at least 40% of Republicans are not satisfied with the “field” of candidates the media has produced for them. At least 1 in 4 Democrats is having real second thoughts about Barack Obama. Do the math, and it confirms what I have seen for months on the campaign trail: The only political majority in America today is the one made up of voters who are looking for leadership they haven't found yet. America is ready for a President who will restore common sense to our fiscal and foreign policies and get government out of the boardroom and the bedroom.
A credible Libertarian candidate for president is the real path to liberty, opportunity, and a government that is put into its proper and limited role.
In a recent national poll 63% of Americans said they wished there was a third choice for 2012. There is, and I intend to educate the voters about what we offer America.
Together, you and I are going to offer that majority a choice. They will see that Your support in the past few months has created this amazing opportunity. I may be the messenger, but this isn't about me. It is about seizing a moment in history and bringing America back from the brink.
I want you to be with me as we launch this great endeavor. I ask for your continued support. I ask for your advice. And I am asking for your contribution today to provide the spark for the movement we are igniting.
You are one of my most generous supporters, and I must depend on you to be as generous as you can once again. Please send your contribution of $2,000, $1,000, $500, or $250. It will be used wisely to take our message to every corner of this great country, and to provide a voice that will otherwise never be heard in 2012. Go to: Gary Johnson 2012.com.
As a candidate for the Libertarian Party nomination my campaign will be eligible for Federal Matching funds -- which means whatever you send will ultimately be matched. A $100 contribution is worth $200. A $250 contribution is worth $500. Please send your maximum contribution today.
Thank you for your support and your friendship. It means more to me than you will ever know.
Sincerely,
Gary
P.S. For those who say my decision to run as the Libertarian Party candidate will only draw votes from the Republicans and re-elect President Obama let me predict that, as my full platform based on freedom becomes known, my candidacy will draw votes from both the Republicans and Democrats and many, many independents.
We're on a journey to Empower Women, Protect Forests and Improve Health and Happiness around the world.
This KickStarter is just the beginning, but it's a great start, all thanks to you! As a result of this campaign, we will train and equip more than 120 GoSun Stoves to families in need.
If you would like to order a GoSun you can still do so from our website. If you would like to sell, distribute, or propose a partnership with our game-changing technology send us a message here. To track us as we lead a global solar cooking revolution follow us on Facebook and Twitter or jump on our newsletter (twice a month, valuable content).
To track us as we lead afollow us onandor jump on our(twice a month, valuable content). GoSun Stove Online I Facebook I Twitter I Newsletter
WHAT OTHERS ARE SAYING ABOUT GoSun:
Tree Hugger - "It is absolutely brilliant for a number of reasons, and is going to change the way we think about solar cooking."
"It is absolutely brilliant for a number of reasons, and is going to change the way we think about solar cooking." Grist - "We're usually pretty skeptical about Kickstarters, but we can't resist fangirling a bit about this one."
"We're usually pretty skeptical about Kickstarters, but we can't resist fangirling a bit about this one." Inhabitat - "This uber awesome tube stove can cook delicious meals without using a lick of fuel – in just 20 minutes."
Fast: Cooks a meal in as little as 20 minutes, utilizing every drop of sunshine
Portable: Pre-assembled package, deploy in seconds, weighing less than 4lbs
Versatile: Cook what you want and how you want. Bake, boil and fry; if there's sun, you're good to go.
Fuel Free and Clean: No burning charcoal embers to dispose of, no open flame to worry about. When you are done cooking, just fold up your GoSun and go.
Summer or Winter: If there is sunlight, you are cooking, even after a snow; plus, the wind won't steal your heat
Keeps Food Hot For Hours: Our evacuated tube technology is in essence a giant thermos. This means that when spotty clouds arrive, the tube will remain hot and steadily cook between sun-breaks. Plus, it keeps your brownies warm for hours until a late night snack.
Designed for simplicity, durability, and mobility, the GoSun offers a convenient, user friendly package for our fast paced lives. The GoSun is as simple in principle as it is powerful, effectively retaining 80-90% of all sunlight that is caught in its footprint. The technology relies on the principles of parabolic reflection, evacuation (for its insulating value) and the Greenhouse effect, to make the most advanced solar cooking device to date.
The GoSun will passively work its magic whenever the sun is shining. Water can be heated and hot meals can be prepared with a little patience even on the coldest winter day. A vacuum between two layers of tough glass prevents the outside ambient temperature from transferring into the inner cooking zone.
Proof of a meal in 20 minutes with sunshine (1:07 video)
How to use the GoSun (45-second video)
Why solar cooking?
Traditional grilling is a lengthy, tedious process involving dirty and bulky equipment. Grills are rarely portable and, when they are, they typically involve handling extremely hot and messy equipment. Nothing in today's market is eco‐friendly, efficient, innovative or stylish. The existing solar ovens are insufficient for today's fast- paced lifestyle; they are too big, too slow and not user friendly.
That is why we developed the GoSun Stove! Our analysis comparing the GoSunStove to portable and stationary propane grills, charcoal grills and camping stoves shows the GoSunStove ranking most desirable based on capacity, ease of use, cost, speed, style, safety, and versatility.
Making Converts with GoSun MINI (35-second video)
What we will do with the money:
We are a perfect project for KickStarter, because we honestly need this money to set up production, thus meeting minimum order quantities. We've put a ton of time and money in at this point and we're prepared for the exciting road ahead. Your backing gives us what we need to put the gears in motion.
Tools, Labor, Materials and Shipping: 77% of funds To bring you the GoSun Stove at a reasonable price, we are producing in China - where over 90% of the world's evacuated tubes originate. We're using high quality materials and tooling up with expensive jigs, dies and formers. Adam Moser, our Chinese Liaison, is committed to working with our experienced manufacturer who respects both the product, their employees and the environment.
Empowerment Program: 11.5% of funds We are committed to empowering others with our game changing technology. In coordination with a number of international partners (including Sonlight Power, Friends of Belle Riviere, Global Alliance for Clean Cookstoves) we aim to first educate, then provide a version of the GoSun especially built for the needs of the developing world. The GoSun Empowerment Program is committed to spreading this technology in a socially, environmentally, and financially sustainable way.
Market Development: 7.5% of funds There is a great opportunity for this innovative cooking technology but we will have to get the GoSun in front of people to share the light. Barriers to this new school solar cooking such as recipe modification and conforming to a tubular shape will have to be addressed through our media and on-the-ground presence. We'll be attending events, producing videos, gathering data, tackling problems and training GoSun Ambassadors to facilitate the switch to cooking with the sun.
Educational Material: 4% of funds The children are the future and so is renewable energy. We are going to develop products and curriculum to meet national educational standards for classrooms - 3rd through 8th grade.
Designers, Humanitarians and Solar Oveneers
Patrick Sherwin: Founder and Solar Energy Expert, is passionate about play, yet remains focused on solutions for our time. A veteran solar engineer with extensive small business, international project management, and sales experience. Patrick's love for humanity, entrepreneurial spirit and determination will drive the company and its capabilities in all business facets.
Matt Gillespie: Lead Industrial Designer and innovative artist brings a fresh, sensible perspective. Matt is a post-industrial designer who focuses his talents to address the big picture. Having helped found a successful ecological literacy education nonprofit (This-Land) and bamboo bicycle business (Ozon Cyclery), Matt brings a critical eye and passion to all projects he touches.
Adam Moser: Chinese Liaison and General Counsel, will provide legal counsel, tackle logistical and strategic challenges, interface with the manufacturer and develop international relations. Fluent in Mandarin and well versed in Chinese culture. Current Assistant Director at US-China Partnership for Environmental Law at Vermont Law School.
Buildmore Workshop: A rapid prototyping facility equipped the very best tools and expertise needed to complete any project you can dream up. Set up like a Health Club for inventors, engineers, artists, crafters and hackers, Buildmore Workshop has been instrumental in the GoSun Stove's evolution.
Social and Environmental Benefits:
Gender Equality and Women's Rights - less time and resources spent gathering fuel and making fires, increasing time for education and development
less time and resources spent gathering fuel and making fires, increasing time for education and development Environmental Sustainability - by reducing the need for wood and charcoal, the GoSun will slow deforestation, soil loss, desertification
- by reducing the need for wood and charcoal, the GoSun will slow deforestation, soil loss, desertification Indoor Air Quality - by eliminating much of the need for indoor cooking fires, the GoSun will reduce smoke inhalation, the second leading cause of death globally
- by eliminating much of the need for indoor cooking fires, the GoSun will reduce smoke inhalation, the second leading cause of death globally Renewable Energy Access and Education - the GoSun is often the foot-in-the-door for a more solar fueled life
- the GoSun is often the foot-in-the-door for a more solar fueled life Energy Security - off-the-grid, self reliance, independence
- off-the-grid, self reliance, independence No Child Left Inside - getting outdoors to stop Nature Deficiency Disorder
Where are we now:
The GoSun team has created over 30 prototypes over the last few years of development; most have been put to the test and critiqued by peers. We have demoed the GoSun Stove to several large gatherings (Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival, Ingenuity Fest, Hacker Faire, etc.) in front of thousands of people; many whom ask "how much?" and "where can I buy one?"
We've been building the GoSun in small quantities by hand, and we cannot keep up with the interest. Recently having developed our best designed and replicable model, we've developed relationships with a manufacturer in China. We are ready to pull the trigger on our first production run and will be boarding a plane to China directly after this KickStarter. While there we will set up quality control and assembly operations.
STRETCH GOALS: For all backers purchasing a GoSun Stove or better once funding goals are met - Please share to make these a reality!
For the FINAL 48 HOURS of this campaign we will DOUBLE the amount of GoSun Stoves for the Empowerment Program = We Sell 5 - Then Gift 2!! Watch the Video (90 seconds)
Reward Level Summary:
A Calgary family has gone to great lengths and expense to make sure their house can stand up to the next big flood.
Joann Bast had her Roxboro home's basement redeveloped without any wood or drywall.
Joann Bast sits in her new basement, redeveloped using only water-resistant materials in case her Roxboro home floods again. (CBC)
Instead there are steel stairs, polished concrete floors, walls sprayed with foam insulation and clad in lath and plaster concrete, glass panels and even a custom-made steel bed.
“I didn't' want to use anything that had to be torn out like drywall or wood,” she said.
Last June Bast's basement took in five feet of water when the Elbow River three blocks away overflowed its banks.
The fully-developed nine-room basement with a master suite, guest room and fitness room had to be gutted.
'Spray-and-wash'
If it happens again, the cleanup should be much easier, she said.
“We've tried to build something that maybe isn't water proof, but it's flood resistant, or spray-and-wash.”
Architect Mark Erickson came up with a technique to make the outside walls impervious to water using foam insulation covered with mortar and steel mesh and then coated in concrete and sealant. (CBC)
The house also now has a sump pump and a back-check sewer valve, Bast said.
Mark Erickson, the architect Bast hired to design the basement, said the technique he came up with for the walls — foam insulation covered with mortar and steel mesh and then coated in concrete and sealant — is a bit like a swimming pool.
“If a flood was to happen again — which inevitably it will — we just designed it so that these materials can stay in place and they can be just washed down,” he said.
Bast says her renovation cost about $140,000, which is at least 30 per cent more than if she used conventional building materials.
Alberto Sicilia / MOSUL (IRAK)
[Mosul es la capital del ISIS. Fue en la Gran Mezquita de esta ciudad donde Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi proclamó el “Califato” en la primavera de 2014. Una coalición formada por el ejercito iraquí, tropas kurdas y grupos paramilitares chiíes lucha desde hace meses por recuperar Mosul.]
Durante las dos últimas semanas, ISIS ha ejecutado cada día a decenas de civiles que trataban de escapar del territorio bajo su control en la ciudad de Mosul.
Tras las ejecuciones, los cadáveres son mutilados y colgados en postes de electricidad como advertencia a quienes estén pensando en escapar.
Los barrios que controla ISIS en Mosul están ya completamente rodeados por unidades del ejército iraquí. Hace 6 meses que no entra comida allí. El avance de las tropas es extremadamente lento, ya que la Ciudad Vieja está llena de callejuelas en las que no pueden entrar los blindados. Los combates son a pie, cuerpo a cuerpo. Además, ISIS ha tenido meses para preparar trampas explosivas y posiciones de francotiradores.
ISIS no quiere que los civiles escapen porque les sirven como escudos humanos ante los bombardeos aéreos y las incursiones del ejército iraquí.
Los testimonios del horror llegan al mundo exterior gracias a personas que sí han conseguido escapar de Mosul bajo la oscuridad de la noche.
[En este link podéis encontrar todas las entradas de la serie, “La Batalla por Mosul”]
Compartir esta entrada
Twitter
Facebook
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen said on Monday she will resign her seat on the Fed's Board of Governors once Jerome Powell is confirmed and sworn in to replace her as head of the U.S. central bank.
FILE PHOTO: Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen speaks during a news conference after a two day Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) meeting in Washington, U.S., March 15, 2017. REUTERS/Yuri Gripas/File Photo
In a letter to President Donald Trump, which was released by the Fed, Yellen, 71, also vowed to “do my utmost to ensure a smooth transition” to Powell, who was nominated to succeed her by Trump earlier this month.
Powell, also on the seven-member Fed board, must be confirmed by the Senate before assuming his new job. He will have a confirmation hearing next week before the Senate Banking Committee, but no vote on his nomination has been scheduled.
It is expected that Powell will be in place when Yellen's four-year term as Fed chief ends in February.
Yellen, credited with putting the economy on a firmer footing and steering monetary policy away from the firefighting mode that followed the 2007-2009 recession and financial crisis, could have stayed on as a Fed governor until 2024.
It has been common practice, however, for departing Fed chiefs to also leave the board at the same time as a courtesy to give the successor clear leadership of the group. Board terms run for 14 years.
In her letter to Trump, Yellen said she was “gratified by the substantial improvement in the economy since the crisis,” noting that 17 million net jobs had been added during roughly the last eight years. Yellen served as a Fed vice chair before Democratic President Barack Obama nominated her as Fed chief in 2014.
The economy “by most metrics, is close to achieving the Federal Reserve's statutory objectives of maximum employment and price stability,” she wrote to Trump, a Republican.
Yellen was the first woman appointed to lead the Fed. Before that role, she was also president of the San Francisco Fed, and head of the White House's Council of Economic Advisers under President Bill Clinton. She also served a separate term as a Fed governor earlier in the 1990s.
Her departure from the Fed board will give Trump, who lauded the economy's performance under Yellen but said he wanted to name his own Fed chief, that much more room to reshape the central bank by opening up another spot to fill.
Should he choose to do so, Trump will be able to appoint five of the board's seven potential members, filling four open seats alongside his sole board appointment to date of Randal Quarles as vice chair for supervision.
Edward Lopez is accused of kidnapping a 3-year-old girl in Boyle Heights. (credit: CBS)
— A 55-year-old Los Angeles man was charged Tuesday with kidnapping a 3-year-old girl from a Boyle Heights party and sexually molesting her, the District Attorney's Office said.
Edward Lopez was charged with one count each of oral copulation of a child under 10, kidnapping to commit a lewd act on a child and lewd act on a child, according to District Attorney spokesperson Jane Robison.
Prosecutors say the mother of the toddler noticed she was missing from a party in the 3200 block of Malabar Street around 11 p.m. on Saturday.
Neighbors said the little girl was playing with other children at a baby shower when she was reported missing.
LAPD officers found Lopez nude in a locked shed with the child several hours later, according to Robison.
“After about two hours and 45 minutes, they opened the garage and found the baby there and the guy, too,” Bojas said.
Lopez is scheduled to be arraigned Tuesday afternoon. Prosecutors are expected to ask that his bail be set at $1 million.
If convicted, he faces up to life in prison.
Photo
Fiction
FREEDOM
By Jonathan Franzen.
Farrar, Straus & Giroux, $28.
The author of “The Corrections” is back, not quite a decade later, with an even richer and deeper work — a vividly realized narrative set during the Bush years, when the creedal legacy of “personal liberties” assumed new and sometimes ominous proportions. Franzen captures this through the tribulations of a Midwestern family, the ­Berglunds, whose successes, failures and appetite for self-invention reflect the larger story of millennial America.
THE NEW YORKER STORIES
By Ann Beattie.
Scribner, $30.
As these 48 stories published in The New Yorker from 1974 through 2006 demonstrate, Beattie, even as she chronicled and satirized her post-1960s generation, also became its defining voice. She punctures her characters' pretensions and jadedness with an economy and effortless dialogue that writers have been trying to emulate for three decades, though few, if any, have matched her seamless combination of biting wit and mordant humor, precise irony and consummate cool.
ROOM
By Emma Donoghue.
Little, Brown & Company, $24.99.
Donoghue has created one of the pure triumphs of recent fiction: an ebullient child narrator, held captive with his mother in an 11-by-11-foot room, through whom we encounter the blurry, often complicated space between closeness and autonomy. In a narrative at once delicate and vigorous — rich in psychological, sociological and political meaning — Donoghue reveals how joy and terror often dwell side by side.
SELECTED STORIES
By William Trevor.
Viking, $35.
Gathering work from Trevor's previous four collections, this volume shows why his deceptively spare fiction has haunted and moved readers for generations. Set mainly in Ireland and England, Trevor's tales are eloquent even in their silences, documenting the way the present is consumed by the past, the way ancient patterns shape the future. Neither modernist nor antique, his stories are timeless.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A VISIT FROM THE GOON SQUAD
By Jennifer Egan.
Alfred A. Knopf, $25.95.
Time is the “goon squad” in this virtuosic rock 'n' roll novel about a cynical record producer and the people who intersect his world. Ranging across some 40 years and inhabiting 13 different characters, each with his own story and perspective, Egan makes these disparate parts cohere into an artful whole, irradiated by a Proustian feel for loss, regret and the ravages of love.
Photo
Nonfiction
APOLLO'S ANGELS: A History of Ballet
By Jennifer Homans.
Random House, $35.
Here is the only truly definitive history of classical ballet. Spanning more than four centuries, from the French Renaissance to American and Soviet stages during the cold war, Homans shows how the art has been central to the social and cultural identity of nations. She meticulously reconstructs entire eras, describing the evolution of ballet technique while coaxing long-lost dances back to life. And she raises a crucial question: In the 21st century, can ballet survive?
Image copyright AFP
Google has responded to major companies withdrawing online adverts by promising to take "a tougher stance on hateful, offensive and derogatory content".
Philipp Schindler, the firm's chief business officer, said Google would also tighten advertising safeguards.
He added that as well as removing content, its YouTube team would revisit the guidelines on allowable videos.
The move came after several firms withdrew their ads when some appeared next to extremist content on YouTube.
Several high profile companies, including Marks and Spencer, Audi, RBS and L'Oréal, have pulled online advertising from YouTube, which is owned by Google.
'Creative world'
In a blog post, Mr Schindler said: "Anyone with a smartphone can be a content creator, app developer or entrepreneur.
"Google has enabled millions of content creators and publishers to be heard, find an audience, earn a living or even build a business.
"We have a responsibility to protect this vibrant, creative world - from emerging creators to established publishers - even when we don't always agree with the views being expressed.
"But we also have a responsibility to our advertisers who help these publishers and creators thrive."
Google apologises as M&S pulls ads
Rory Cellan Jones: Google's crisis of confidence
'Making sure your ad doesn't end up next to an Isis video'
He added: "We have strict policies that define where Google Ads should appear and in the vast majority of cases, our policies and tools work as intended. But at times we don't get it right.
"Recently, we had a number of cases where brands' ads appeared on content that was not aligned with their values.
"For this, we deeply apologise. We know that this is unacceptable to the advertisers and agencies who put their trust in us. "
A recent investigation by the Times found adverts from a range of well-known firms and organisations had appeared alongside content from supporters of extremist groups on YouTube.
Last week, ministers summoned Google for talks at the Cabinet Office after imposing a temporary restriction on the government's own adverts, including for military recruitment and blood donation campaigns.
Mr Schindler added that Google would be "hiring significant numbers of people and developing new tools....to increase our capacity to review questionable content for advertising".
Breaking
U.S. stocks finished slightly lower Tuesday as investors found few reasons to take prices substantially higher, with no fresh signals from the Federal Reserve and no new developments in U.S.-China trade talks. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed off 34 points, or 0.1%, at 26,058, the S&P 500 index edged 0.1% lower to 2,793, failing to close at or above a psychologically significant level at 2,800 for the first time since Nov. 8. The index touched that level on an intraday basis but wasn't able to close at the level on Monday. Meanwhile, the Nasdaq Composite Index [: COMP] edged 0.1% lower to 7,549. (All of the closing figures are on a preliminary basis). Separately, the index of small-capitalization stocks, the Russell 2000 index , saw the most pronounced decline on the day among big equity benchmarks. Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell affirmed the central bank's decision last month to halt interest-rate hikes amid slower global growth and financial-market "crosscurrents." "With our policy rate in the range of neutral, with muted inflation pressures and with some of the downside risks we've talked about, this is a good time to be patient and watch and wait and see how the situation evolves," Powell told the Senate Banking Committee on Tuesday. In corporate news, shares of Home Depot Inc. declined after the home-improvement giant reported quarterly results that were weaker than expectations. Caterpillar Inc.'s shares fell after being downgraded to sell from buy by UBS. Home Depot and Caterpillar proved the biggest drag on the Dow industrials on Tuesday. Meanwhile, shares of Tesla Inc. [s:TSLA] shares were in focus after a federal judge gave Musk until March 11 to explain why he shouldn't be held in contempt of court after a recent tweet drew criticism from regulators. In economic reports, the number of new homes under construction fell in December to an annual rate of 1.08 million, from 1.21 million rate in November, the Commerce Department said. That is the lowest level since 2016. On the bright side, consumer confidence surged in February, rising for the first time in four months, as the Conference Board's consumer confidence index rose to 131.4, up from 121.7 in January.
Methods of Social Engineering – How to protect yourself
We have written much about Social Engineering, and you might have read about it at other places too. Social Engineering is the method where social engineers (read: hackers) do not even have to touch a keyboard to get confidential data. The methods are different and hard to count. I studied a bit and found that I can categorize these methods into different headings as written below. Out of the many methods, this article covers the top 5 popular methods of social engineering.
Methods of Social Engineering
We had touched upon the social engineering techniques earlier. This article can be considered in continuation of the linked one. Following are most used methods – not including the socially engineered malware.
Gaining confidence
The most used method for social engineering is to gain the confidence of employees of the target business. One or more of the other headings in this article also fall into this category, but I've written about them separately so that I can detail them.
You can talk about anything with your friends, people whom you trust. In the case of problems, you would reach out to them and tell them whatever is bothering you. And during such a time, if the other asks you a question, you won't give a second thought as to why the person is asking the question, before replying. Social engineers manipulate human emotions and use them to obtain the data and information they want.
The easiest method is to pose as an authority. It is common that social engineers use fake ID cards to prove their fake identity and to make you trust them. Once you fall into their trap, it is easy for them to obtain any type of information they want.
According to what I read on the topic, most social engineers will show that you are in some kind of trouble for working with the company and that they are trying to help you. When in terror, you speak like a parrot – giving them the information they need.
A website said that acting in anger makes other submit to your deeds. I am not sure about it completely as I am not a psychologist but am I mentioning it here in case you wish to know about it. It is usually said the social engineers would feign anger while walking to departments containing information. People wish to avoid anger, and they won't stop you if they see you are angry. That's an attempt on your part to stay away and keep your mood stable instead of dealing with an angry person. It gave an example that when a couple wanted to sneak in a bottle of alcohol into some park, the couple just acted angrily and bypassed the frisking zone as security just hailed them in. I don't know how effective it is, but there seems some logic. If it is true, you should tell your guards to stick to rules irrespective of how the customers are behaving. One of them might be just a social engineer.
Making friends is another popular method that I will cover in the next section.
Using waterholes for Social Engineering
While friends can be made anywhere, following an important person to his or her waterhole (bar/pub etc.) is the best method to gain confidence. People usually talk a lot at such places – if you provoke them. Since they unwind there, they have the need to talk and vent out their emotions. If they see you more than once, it is natural that they would want to know you more. And in this scenario, it is very easy to gain their confidence. Once you have their confidence, you can simply direct the conversation to their workplaces and get the information you want.
Using interviews for obtaining data
Among the other popular methods of social engineering, attending interviews of the target company also stands out. Interviewers, after asking you questions, are ready to take questions. You can ask them about the company, its strength, etc. as general questions. But if you have managed to gain the confidence of interview panel, you can also ask them questions that provide you with the information you need. They could be questions about the performance of the company, how they got an order that you were sure for yourself, and things like that. For them, you are just an honest interviewee while in reality, you went there with the aim to gather information.
Employment for social engineering
In some cases, social engineers take up employment in the target companies to dig out the required information. While for some social engineers, an interview is enough to get the desired info, others plan bigger and get into employment. Being an employee, they get access to the machinery of the company that they use for their agenda.
They'll make use of training to know how the target business functions. Then, they will have colleagues that they'll convert into friends. They'll hang along for smokes, breaks and maybe even after office hours. The best method is to talk about your role and get them talking – first by asking simple questions and then moving towards the desired information.
These types of social engineers can provide information to their masters or whoever hired them, for longer periods. Being an employee, they can also move from one department to others and may get managers into talking by raising questions about the functioning of a certain process – as if they don't get it or as if they are not satisfied with the way a process works. That'd lead the manager to speak about the process and unknowingly provide the information to the social engineers.
Honey Trapping: Techniques for social engineering
This is among the popular methods of social engineering when the stakes are high. Usually, men are more prone to honey traps compared to women – according to a movie I saw about the assassination of an Indian Prime Minister. The method might be costly as it engages third parties. It also is pretty bad on the trapped person as he or she will live under constant fear and stress, not to mention the guilt he/she will carry for rest of life.
This dangerous method can be described in following steps:
Identify the person in the target company who has good insider information Have a high-class hooker to seduce the person Film it when they're in the act Use the film to blackmail the trapped person
The same method was used in recent Pathankot Air Base (2016) terrorist attack in India. As the film/video is with the social engineer, the person can get whatever he or she wants. They can even make the trapped person do things he or she won't ever think of doing. In some cases, the stress and guilt are so high that the trapped person may commit suicide.
There is not much you can do in cases of honey traps except to educate the people who work for you. But that is not a guaranteed solution as it plays with the basic human tendencies. Likewise, there is no 100% firewall against any of the above methods of social engineering. People err, and that's where the social engineers make profits. All you can do is to educate, and if the employees understand, it is good or else not only they themselves, but their companies are also at risk of social engineering.
Download this ebook on Social Engineering Attacks released by Microsoft and learn how you can detect and prevent such attacks in your organization.
President Trump wants Republican Senate candidate Roy Moore to “step aside” if allegations of sexual misconduct against him are proven true, the White House said Friday .
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders told reporters traveling with Trump in Asia he does not believe “a mere allegation” from many years ago should “destroy a person's life.”
ADVERTISEMENT “However, the president also believes that if these allegations are true, Judge Moore will do the right thing and step aside,” she said.
The comment came in response to a bombshell report published by The Washington Post, in which an Alabama woman said Moore initiated a sexual encounter with her when she was 14 years old and he was 32.
Three other women said they had similar experiences with Moore, the GOP's Senate nominee in Alabama, when they were teenagers.
Moore's campaign denied the report, saying in a statement “this garbage is the very definition of fake news and intentional defamation.”
Thursday evening. The former chief judge of the Alabama Supreme Court has refused to quit the race. “I will NEVER GIVE UP the fight!” he tweeted evening.
Trump's response was in line with most congressional Republican leaders, who also called on Moore to quit the race if the allegations were proven true.
The woman, Leigh Corfman, spoke to The Washington Post on the record and her account was backed up by her mother. The other women also gave on-the-record interviews to the newspaper.
After Moore defeated Strange, Trump threw his support behind the former judge.
“Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time. Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race. He will help to #MAGA!” the president tweeted in September.
The allegations cast a cloud over the president's marathon trip to Asia. They become public just as Trump was set to arrive in Vietnam for a major economic summit with Asian leaders.
“The president must and will remain focused on representing our country on his historic trip to Asia, where he has been treated with great respect and made unprecedented progress in further strengthening alliances and promoting America's interest above all else,” Sanders said.
I got a comment on my blog this morning that is really more of a letter, and it's haunting me. I am going to post the entire letter (which is BEAUTIFULLY written, oh my God), and then I'm going to respond as best I can.
—-
Hey Bill,
It's 2:30 in the morning where I am. I just finished Openly Straight a few hours ago and can't stop thinking about it. I bought it on my Kindle last week and began reading it in secret (you can probably figure out why), and have no one to talk to about it. I want to let you know I truly enjoyed it and related to it on so many levels I can't begin to explain. I won't mince words: As soon as reached the last page, I came here in search of hints for a sequel. I mean, there has to be a sequel. There just has to be more! The open ending Rafe left us with made me feel a little… hollow. Don't get me wrong, I love Rafe and his story and am touched by his journey to find his identity. But, personally, I don't identify with him. I identify with Ben.
In another comment, a user named @Makaila offered the idea of exploring Ben's point of view, and I really hope you consider it. His story truly struck an emotional chord with me that's still ringing as I write this. When I reached the moment when Ben opened up about his parents, his future and what the whole world expects from him, I felt as though someone had pulled these thoughts out of my head and printed them, and I had to close the book a moment and look around the room to see if anyone else was around that might discover my secret. I share his fears, his confusion, and his pain. I'm a little older though, a freshman in college. But I'm so deep in the closet that I have a hard time admitting it to myself.
Rafe's story, on the other hand, is rare: he has a wonderfully supportive family, a best friend he can share anything with, and support groups that don't judge him. But many of us aren't as lucky. Many of us are still floating around, putting on acts and trying on different layers of skin in hopes of hiding from who we really are. Like Ben, I've done a decent job so far in my life, but it hasn't made me happy. It gets rather lonely in the closet, and sometimes I wish I at least had somebody to share it with. That's why I related with Ben, and in some ways was leaning on him, hoping that he might eventually find his way out and stand up to the world. That he'd step out say, “Hey, everything gonna be alright.” And I would want so much to believe him.
But he never did. In fact, he's still very much afraid and confused as ever, and now feels absolutely betrayed by the only person he was honest to. During their final conversation, Ben says he can't say if he was glad to have met Rafe after everything they had been through. This worries me so much. As I lay in bed, wondering about future relationships, I asked myself: Is it even worth the risks? Would I end up regretting it, too? How will I know if I can trust them? When will I ever decide if it's the right time or if it's a mistake?
And then I had this scary thought that if someone like Ben can't find the courage to come out and accept who he is, maybe I never will either.
And I am scared. But that isn't your fault. I've been scared for a long time.
This is a sad note to end on, but I still have a lot of time to figure things out. And Ben does too. And I really hope he does.
—
Dear X,
First off, your letter made me cry. I am crying right now. I am crying for your pain and for the fact that it's so unfair that as far as we've come, many gay people still find themselves feeling the way that you do now. You are not alone. You are surrounded by literally millions of people who share your story and your feelings.
Your letter does end on a sad note, but to me, it's a lot like the ending of Openly Straight. For some reason, I see hope there. I see a great future for you beyond the current turmoil. It's never, ever too late to come out. To come out is to finally decide that you paid as much for your ticket to this carnival called life as everyone else, and you'll be damned if you're not going to enjoy it just as much as everyone else.
You are a college freshman now. I can tell you that when I was a college freshman, I was severely depressed, so much so that in the spring of that year I withdrew from college and came home. That was my story. We all have our stories and our paths. The point is that at the time it consumed me and now I barely remember those feelings. We evolve and we keep going because we have absolutely no idea what our future holds, and we deserve to find out!
I tell you that not to tell you not to feel the feelings, but to give you perspective while you're feeling them. That old adage “it gets better” is so apt. It just does. If we wish for our lives to get better, there are certain choices we can make to make that happen.
While my story was more Rafe than Ben (I came out a bit in high school, a bit more in college, I had some family support though not so much at first), I can relate to the loneliness you write about, and most of us can. Even for the Rafes of the world, that confusion and pain about being different than our families of origin is a part of the process. And it sucks, doesn't it?
For me, the antidote was sharing who I was with other people. Some people come out in one broad stroke. I came out sporadically. I told some friends starting when I was 15 or 16; I told my family when I was 16-18; I joined the gay softball league when I was 20. I got my first real long-term boyfriend when I was 21. I didn't come out professionally until I was at ESPN.com, and by then I was 30. I was scared my dream of being a sports writer would be taken away from me if I was honest about who I was.
That didn't happen. I was able to continue in my field, and in fact coming out opened some doors for me. If I didn't come out on the front page of ESPN.com in 2001, I may never have gotten to where I am now. It led to my first book, which led to my second, etc.
See the ripples? One act impacts my life completely, and that in turn impacts yours. Your act of coming out, when you are ready, may impact others.
You say you relate to Ben. Ben is based loosely on my husband, Chuck. He didn't fully come out until he was 43. He came out when he was finally ready to have his first boyfriend (me). Then he decided that he could tell his family, co-workers, etc. His life is so different today than before I met him. I'm not taking credit for that; he gets the credit. He was honest about who he is, and now he's enjoying the carnival more freely.
You say you want one person to share this with: good. That's a beautiful instinct. Of course, that becomes easier when we let other people know who we are, so it's a bit of a vicious circle. We want to share it with one person, but finding that one person is tough if we don't identify ourselves as gay.
One practical thing about coming out, since I really don't know your situation: make sure you surround yourself with a support system before you do anything that could endanger your safety. If you have parents paying for your schooling and you truly fear that they would stop paying if they knew you were gay, know that. Start by telling people you trust whom you think will support you. Gain strength that way. And I'm not saying your parents would do that; I'm just saying that our first responsibility is to ourselves. We take care of ourselves first, and that's different than coming out when you're older and financially independent.
There is a whole world out there who will love you for exactly who you are. You know how I know? From your writing. I felt your heart in your note and this is my heart, and my husband's heart, opening up to yours. We are rooting for you.
I'm sorry that I'm not focusing more on the sequel, but I've dealt with that so much already. In short: I hope that someday, in some form, there is more of this story. Maybe that will be a TV show, or a film, or a web-series, or a written sequel. There is nothing to announce at this time, but I hope someday there will be!
With Love,
Bill
Advertisements
AkkaPaint – simplicity and power of Akka
Introduction
Once upon a time, there was complete chaos,
where you could draw and instantly share anything like a boss.
However, the days of Adobe Flash are long gone,
so a new idea was born:
make chaos great again!
And this is how from chaos arose AkkaPaint
The idea was pretty straightforward: create a drawing space which is:
multiuser,
able to propagate changes to all users in real time,
scalable.
You may ask, where is the challenge? The answer is: make the implementation really small and simple.
Drawing board representation – basics
A drawing board can be represented as a simple map between pixel coordinates and color representation of the pixels. It's a really naive approach which doesn't include any optimization, but it works surprisingly well. Furthermore, every change on the drawing board can be represented as an event which contains a pixel sequence and the new color applied to these pixels.
case class Pixel(x: Int, y: Int) case class DrawEvent( pixels: Seq[Pixel], color: Color ) //Board state type Color = String var akkaPaintBoard = Map.empty[Pixel, Color] 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 case class Pixel ( x : Int , y : Int ) case class DrawEvent ( pixels : Seq [ Pixel ] , color : Color ) //Board state type Color = String var akkaPaintBoard = Map . empty [ Pixel , Color ]
Drawing board as an actor
For me, Akka Toolkit seems to be a perfect fit for this problem. The painting board can be easily represented as an actor. The internal actor state can contain a map where pixels are keys and colors are values ( akkaPaintBoard: Map[Pixel, Color] ). As we want to preserve the actor state between application restarts, we will use Persistent Actor here. Every change to the board will be saved as an event. Sounds great!
class AkkaPaintActorSimple() extends PersistentActor { var akkaPaintBoard = Map.empty[Pixel, String] override def persistenceId: String = "drawballActor" override def receiveRecover: Receive = { case d: DrawEvent => updateState(d) } override def receiveCommand: Receive = { case Draw(changes, color) => persistAsync(DrawEvent(changes, color)) { de => updateState(de) } } private def updateState(drawEvent: DrawEvent) = { akkaPaintBoard = drawEvent.changes.foldLeft(akkaPaintBoard) { case (newAkkaPaintBoard, pixel) => newAkkaPaintBoard.updated(pixel, drawEvent.color) } } } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 class AkkaPaintActorSimple ( ) extends PersistentActor { var akkaPaintBoard = Map . empty [ Pixel , String ] override def persistenceId : String = "drawballActor" override def receiveRecover : Receive = { case d : DrawEvent = > updateState ( d ) } override def receiveCommand : Receive = { case Draw ( changes , color ) = > persistAsync ( DrawEvent ( changes , color ) ) { de = > updateState ( de ) } } private def updateState ( drawEvent : DrawEvent ) = { akkaPaintBoard = drawEvent . changes . foldLeft ( akkaPaintBoard ) { case ( newAkkaPaintBoard , pixel ) = > newAkkaPaintBoard . updated ( pixel , drawEvent . color ) } } }
Scalable drawing board
The size of the drawing board can be enormous, which implies a lot of pixels to be processed and a lot of changes to be applied. Sadly, that's too much for one actor. So, let's split the whole board into small squares 100×100 pixels each. Such a square can be represented by one actor, and will hold the colors only of 10,000 pixels. Ideally, we want to scale the problem horizontally, as sometimes the whole board can't fit into the memory of one machine, or we want to use the computing power of more machines. And here comes Akka Cluster Sharding! The idea is simple: actors (here called entities) form shards (a shard is simply a group of actors), and each of the shards can be located on a different machine. Furthermore, there is the concept of coordinator, which knows the location of each shard and entity. The shard ID and entity ID are extracted from incoming data using the two simple functions presented below ( extractShardId and extractEntityId ) . The shardingPixels method is responsible for splitting an incoming stream of pixel color changes into smaller packages addressed to exactly one entity.
val entitySize = 100 def shardingPixels(changes: Iterable[Pixel], color: Color): Iterable[DrawEntity] = { changes.groupBy { pixel => (pixel.y / entitySize, pixel.x / entitySize) }.map { case ((shardId, entityId), pixels) => DrawEntity(shardId, entityId, pixels, color) } } private val extractEntityId: ShardRegion.ExtractEntityId = { case DrawEntity(_, entityId, pixels, color) ⇒ (entityId.toString, Draw(pixels, color)) } private val extractShardId: ShardRegion.ExtractShardId = { case DrawEntity(shardId, _, _, _) ⇒ shardId.toString } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 val entitySize = 100 def shardingPixels ( changes : Iterable [ Pixel ] , color : Color ) : Iterable [ DrawEntity ] = { changes . groupBy { pixel = > ( pixel . y / entitySize , pixel . x / entitySize ) } . map { case ( ( shardId , entityId ) , pixels ) = > DrawEntity ( shardId , entityId , pixels , color ) } } private val extractEntityId : ShardRegion . ExtractEntityId = { case DrawEntity ( _ , entityId , pixels , color ) ⇒ ( entityId . toString , Draw ( pixels , color ) ) } private val extractShardId : ShardRegion . ExtractShardId = { case DrawEntity ( shardId , _ , _ , _ ) ⇒ shardId . toString }
This solution is illustrated here:
Creating a cluster and obtaining the ShardRegion reference ( ShardRegion is a local actor representing the entrance to the cluster) can look like this:
def initializeClusterSharding(actorSystemConf: Config): ActorSystem = { val system = ActorSystem("AkkaPaintSystem", actorSystemConf) ClusterSharding(system).start( typeName = regionName, entityProps = Props[AkkaPaintActor], settings = ClusterShardingSettings(system), extractEntityId = extractEntityId, extractShardId = extractShardId ) system } def shardRegion()(implicit actorSystem: ActorSystem): ActorRef = { ClusterSharding(actorSystem).shardRegion(regionName) } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 def initializeClusterSharding ( actorSystemConf : Config ) : ActorSystem = { val system = ActorSystem ( "AkkaPaintSystem" , actorSystemConf ) ClusterSharding ( system ) . start ( typeName = regionName , entityProps = Props [ AkkaPaintActor ] , settings = ClusterShardingSettings ( system ) , extractEntityId = extractEntityId , extractShardId = extractShardId ) system } def shardRegion ( ) ( implicit actorSystem : ActorSystem ) : ActorRef = { ClusterSharding ( actorSystem ) . shardRegion ( regionName ) }
We can send all messages to the ShardRegion , which knows (thanks to the coordinator) how to route messages to the proper entity. Also, it is worth mentioning that if a new machine joins the cluster, some of the shards will be moved to that machine (look at least-shard-allocation-strategy configuration). This process is called resharding and is performed in a few steps:
1. The shard that will be moved to another machine is chosen by the coordinator.
2. The coordinator informs ShardRegion to start buffering all messages that are incoming to this shard.
3. All of the actors inside the chosen shard are killed.
4. Shard and actors are started on a new machine (the state of the actor will be restored from the events that were previously persisted in a database).
5. All buffered data is sent to the newly restored shard.
The perceptive reader will surely notice here a potential inconvenience: with a lot of incoming messages during the resharding process, the buffer can overflow. Sadly, all you can do is to resize the buffer by setting the akka.cluster.sharding.buffer-size configuration parameter.
The current state of the board persists even after changing the size of it in the code. Shards and entities will be dynamically created at runtime if the board is resized.
Multiple users
To keep all active users updated we can use WebSockets. In Play! framework, each WebSocket connection can be represented as an actor (yay, what a surprise :)). This ClientConnectionActor can be registered in each entity, and each entity can send the updates completely asynchronously to the browser via ClientConnectionActor reference.
class ClientConnectionActor( browser: ActorRef, shardRegion: ActorRef height: Int, width: Int ) extends Actor { val entitySize = 100 registerToAll(self).foreach(shardRegion ! _) var recentChanges = Map.empty[Pixel, String] override def receive: Receive = { case d: Draw => shardingPixels(d.pixels, d.color).foreach(shardRegion ! _) case c @ Changes => browser ! c } override def postStop(): Unit = { unregisterFromAll(self).foreach(shardRegion ! _) } def registerToAll(self: ActorRef): Iterable[ShardingRegister] = { for { shardId <- 0 until (height / entitySize) entityId <- 0 until (width / entitySize) } yield ShardingRegister(shardId, entityId, self) } } //Play! controller def socket = WebSocket.accept[Draw, Changes](requestHeader => { ActorFlow.actorRef[Draw, Changes](browser => ClientConnectionActor.props( browser, drawballActor, 1600, 800 )) }) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 class ClientConnectionActor ( browser : ActorRef , shardRegion : ActorRef height : Int , width : Int ) extends Actor { val entitySize = 100 registerToAll ( self ) . foreach ( shardRegion ! _ ) var recentChanges = Map . empty [ Pixel , String ] override def receive : Receive = { case d : Draw = > shardingPixels ( d . pixels , d . color ) . foreach ( shardRegion ! _ ) case c @ Changes = > browser ! c } override def postStop ( ) : Unit = { unregisterFromAll ( self ) . foreach ( shardRegion ! _ ) } def registerToAll ( self : ActorRef ) : Iterable [ ShardingRegister ] = { for { shardId < - 0 until ( height / entitySize ) entityId < - 0 until ( width / entitySize ) } yield ShardingRegister ( shardId , entityId , self ) } } //Play! controller def socket = WebSocket . accept [ Draw , Changes ] ( requestHeader = > { ActorFlow . actorRef [ Draw , Changes ] ( browser = > ClientConnectionActor . props ( browser , drawballActor , 1600 , 800 ) ) } )
And now all we need is “just” a few lines of JavaScript, HTML and CSS and everything is up and running.
Total scalability of the AkkaPaint
The application consists of 3 main parts:
1. Play! web application (serves static data, parses json messages incoming via WebSocket, converts to json and pushes messages to the client browser)
2. Akka Cluster Sharding (updates internal actor state (saves events and snapshots), sends changes to all registered clients)
3. Cassandra database (saves events and snapshots streams, serves events and snapshots during cluster restart and resharding process)
Each of these parts can be easily scaled horizontally.
Try it on your own!
Install and run Cassandra database
Clone the project: akkapaint
Type “sbt run”
Go to the browser address: http://localhost:9000/demo and express yourself by drawing whatever you want to!
If you don't want to download anything, you can try it online here: http://demo.akkapaint.org/. Maybe drop your country's flag there?
Furthermore, you can lend your computer resources. If you want to join the cluster, find the akkapaint-web.conf file and apply the “ if you want to join me" comments actions. Restart your application and voilà: in 10 seconds some of the shards should be moved to your machine (you should see some logging on your console).
Summary
We have walked through the general idea, and practical examples of some extraordinary Akka features (like persistent actors, clustering, sharding) which allowed us to build a multiuser, scalable AkkaPaint with the possibility of getting the updates in the real time. The current working implementation has only 288 LOC! Akka really shines here. There are a lot more things I've implemented, such as:
snapshotting
performance optimizations (e.g. messages serialized via Protocol Buffer)
buffering messages (the updates to the browser are sent with a 1s tick)
adjusting play configuration
adjusting akka sharding configuration
preparing some gatling tests
painting images on AkkaPaint board, with the great help of akka-stream and rapture.io json library.
I am not able to describe everything in this blog post, as the text is already too long.
All those features can be found here: akkapaint. There are a lot of great ideas to be implemented (e.g. creating private boards, some compression and further performance optimizations, loading images through the browser, UI improvements…). All contributions are really welcome!
Happy hAkking!
Former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden did raise questions with top NSA lawyers, the agency admitted on Thursday. Snowden responded by saying the released emails are incomplete, and that NSA misdirection “raises serious concerns.”
More on this: Read Snowden's comments on 9/11 that NBC didn't broadcast
The Office of the Director of the National Intelligence announced through its website on Thursday that it has located a lone email inquiry sent by Mr. Snowden in April 2013 to the Office of General Counsel, confirming in part allegations the former contractor made during an interview with NBC's Brian Williams that aired Wednesday evening.
“I actually did go through channels, and that is documented,” Snowden told Williams when the two sat down in Moscow for an interview recently. “The NSA has records, they have copies of emails right now to their Office of General Counsel, to their oversight and compliance folks, from me raising concerns about the NSA's interpretations of its legal authorities.”
“I would say one of my final official acts in government was continuing one of these communications with a legal office. And in fact, I'm so sure that these communications exist that I've called on Congress to write a letter to the NSA to verify that they do,” Snowden said.
Yet the NSA has, until now, denied the existence of any such correspondence. In fact, previously the agency said any such emails simply couldn't be found.
“After extensive investigation, including interviews with his former NSA supervisors and co-workers, we have not found any evidence to support Mr. Snowden's contention that he brought these matters to anyone's attention," the NSA said last year.
This past March, Snowden testified before the European Parliament that he had reported “clearly problematic programs to more than ten distinct officials, none of whom took any action to address them,” before he took a trove of classified NSA documents and supplied them to national security journalists.
Thursday's blog post from the ODNI falls short of confirming that he reached out to ten individuals, but it does for once discredit the NSA's earlier statement concerning Mr. Snowden's supposed failure to speak out about his issues through the appropriate channels.
In the April 5 email, the ODNI wrote, Snowden “did not raise allegations or concerns about wrongdoing or abuse, but posed a legal question that the Office of General Counsel addressed.”
Indeed, the email published on the ODNI's blog shows that one month to the day before the first news articles based off of his leaks was published, Snowden pushed the Office of the General Counsel for answers about the hierarchy of governing authorities and documents. According to a screenshot posted by the ODNI, Snowden asked for clarification with regards to what authority, if any, presidential executive orders have over federal law, as well as who has precedence in matters between the ODNI and the Pentagon at large.
“There are numerous avenues that Mr. Snowden could have used to raise other concerns or whistleblower allegations,” the ODNI wrote with Thursday's post. “We have searched for additional indications of outreach from him in those areas and to date have not discovered any engagements related to his claims.”
Snowden responds
Yet Snowden countered the ODNI release later on Thursday, saying that the offerings are an incomplete record of his correspondence with the Office of General Counsel.
“Today's release is incomplete, and does not include my correspondence with the Signals Intelligence Directorate's Office of Compliance, which believed that a classified executive order could take precedence over an act of Congress, contradicting what was just published,” Snowden told the Washington Post.
“It also did not include concerns about how indefensible collection activities - such as breaking into the back-haul communications of major US internet companies - are sometimes concealed under E.O. 12333 to avoid Congressional reporting requirements and regulations.”
He went on to say, as he has before, that the in-house system for whistleblowing is inadequate and not designed to address illegalities of the type he pointed out.
“Ultimately, whether my disclosures were justified does not depend on whether I raised these concerns previously,” he said. “That's because the system is designed to ensure that even the most valid concerns are suppressed and ignored, not acted upon.”
He added that there are other emails he sent to agency lawyers that the US government has yet to reveal. In addition, he said he addressed “numerous colleagues” about the spying programs he eventually exposed.
“The bottom line is that even though I knew the system was designed to reject concerns raised, I showed numerous colleagues direct evidence of programs that those colleagues considered unconstitutional or otherwise concerning,” he said. “Today's strangely tailored and incomplete leak only shows the NSA feels it has something to hide.”
Snowden said the NSA's track record of repeatedly lying about the existence or scope of its vast, secret surveillance operations around the world is proof that any of its claims about his own record of speaking out – already proven false by Thursday's email release – should be viewed skeptically.
“Now that they have finally begun producing emails, I am confident that truth will become clear rather sooner than later.”
On June 5, the Guardian first began reporting on documents pertaining to the NSA's broad but highly secretive surveillance apparatus. Snowden currently resides in the vicinity of Moscow after the US Department of State revoked his passport while en route to Latin America after his identity was disclosed last year.
Speaking before the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe last month, Snowden said there is an “unprecedented form of political interference that I don't believe can be seen elsewhere in western governments,” and that “no legal means currently exist to challenge such activities or to see penalties for such abuses.”
Maynard James Keenan is a juggler. He anchors two bands (progressive metal outfit Tool and melodic alt rock band A Perfect Circle), runs two wineries (Caduceus Cellars and Merkin Vineyards—yes, THAT merkin), and oversees a music/multimedia/whatever-you-want-to-call-it project (Puscifer).
How does he find time to manage all these endeavors? “It's a matter of deciding what's important,” Keenan says. “Start getting ridding of things that aren't necessarily important [and] you'd be amazed at how much you can get done.” Last month, he turned 50 years old. Keenan will commemorate the milestone by putting on a two-night concert, Cinquanta, this weekend at the Greek Theatre.
“I've always entertained the idea of having a bunch of people we grew up with in Los Angeles doing a show where we all crossed over performances rather than playing one band after another. It would be an all-encompassing show where we play our own songs but also play on each other's songs,” Keenan says.
Cinquanta will host performances by A Perfect Circle, Puscifer, and the highly anticipated return of '90s space rock kings, Failure, who were at the top of Keenan's wish list of performers. Failure, a Los Angeles group formed in 1990, had a sonic sensibility set them apart from other grunge acts but personal demons and legal woes plagued the band from its inception. Failure acrimoniously disbanded in 1997 without ever finding major commercial success. The band's third and final album, Fantastic Planet, achieved critical success after the group's demise and has attained cult status among a generation of fans who were too young to catch Failure the first time around. Keenan may be their #1 fan.
“I had always wanted to see them reunite,” he says. “I guess you could call it coincidence, but I really don't believe in coincidences. They were writing new material and planning on touring, so it all worked out.”
For Failure's co-founder, Ken Andrews, the night is about coming full circle. “I remember [Maynard] coming to see us play at Club Lingerie on Sunset (circa early-‘90s),” Andrews says. “He came up to me randomly after one of our shows and said, ‘Hey, I'm in this band called Tool. We're looking for bands to play with around town and I like your band.' Before either of us were signed, we were joining forces and putting on shows.”
While the two nights of Cinquanta commemorate a milestone for Keenan, they also serve as a testament to his artistic versatility. Achieving success in his various endeavors has required him to embrace chaos, or at least a certain lack of control. “When you work with someone, it's almost like playing telephone. You can tell three of your friends a joke and expect them a week later to tell the joke like you told it, and they're not going to. It's the same with writing music. Whatever room you're in with a certain number of people involved, the conversation is going to be different. You don't have to make an effort to switch hats. It's just a different conversation.”
After Cinquanta, Keenan will return to his life in Arizona, meticulously overseeing every detail of the winemaking process with his wife. He'll also continue work on his autobiography, which he is writing with an old friend; he hopes to release it sometime next year. If you're expecting a salacious road diary, Keenan says, “Go read the Motley Crue book. Nothing wrong with that story but it's already been told.”
It's an impulse at odds with Keenan's distaste for reflecting on past achievements; he prefers to focus on what lies ahead. “All those moments in your life lead to some other things if you're paying attention to the breadcrumbs,” he says. “I'm one that's firmly rooted in following your intuition, letting it take the lead and letting it guide you.”
Cinquanta: May 10-11, the Greek Theatre – 2700 N Vermont Ave, Los Angeles, CA 90027
(USA Network/Universal Cable Productions/Anonymous Content)Rami Malek stars in "Mr. Robot" as Elliot Alderson. The second season of the show would have more twists as well as that it would be darker, said its Executive Producer, Sam Esmail.
"Mr. Robot" has had many nominations in the recent Golden Globe Awards, winning an award for Best Drama and Best Supporting Actor for Christian Slater. With the win, Executive Producer Sam Esmail said that season two of the series will have more twists, as the International Business Times reports.
"There will be a lot more backstory that will be shown," Esmail said. "It really is about Elliot trying to reconcile what this means in seeing Mr. Robot."
He also added that the series will fill in what has happened both in the past and the present in order to get a clearer picture, though as Esmail also said, it will not be 100 percent clear so there is much to leave for the audience to also work on.
For the second season, all 10 episodes would be directed by Esmail, as reported by Kpop Starz. It would also be a darker second season than the first one.
Cross Map has said that the second season will focus more on reconciliation, something that Esmail has hinted in his interview.
Much of what will happen in season two will revolve around what Elliot (Rami Malek) remembers of his past, which has been revealed to him by his sister, Darlene (Carly Chaikin). The second season it will take viewers on a journey on remembering who he is, as well as how it is related to Mr. Robot (Christian Slater).
For season two, much of the cast will return, with Slater playing the role of Mr. Robot as well as that of Elliot's father, Edward Alderson.
In the ending for the first season, it was shown that Mr. Robot is now Elliot's father, so the next season will explore more of that. As Esmail said in the interview, the next season will be about Elliot becoming aware of the delusion that he has.
Season two of "Mr. Robot" will come out during summer this year.
In today's Insider I'll be talking a bit about the art direction process for the soon-to-be-released book Forces of HORDES: Skorne Command. As with all of the Command books, we followed two key tenets when determining the list of new illustrations we would need. The first was that every new model would get an illustration, and the second involved combing through the existing model entries to identify pieces that didn't fit the modern aesthetic I've been developing over the last five years at Privateer.
Before I go into detail on the new art in the Skorne book, I want to briefly talk about how this process played out in previous Command books. The older Factions generally received a lot of new art as compared to a Faction like Retribution that already had a lot of more recent pieces. As a result, some Factions got more new art than others.
The three key reasons old art gets replaced are as follows:
- Image dimensions don't fit within the current book layout.
- The art doesn't match up stylistically with our current art.
- Narrative development.
So what do these points mean? The first is obvious, but the other two may need a bit of explanation. For the sake of expediency, a lot of older art was completed in a way that minimized the time spent by eliminating background characters, complex environments, and so on. My goal with new art is to create more of a narrative in the illustration where we see characters interacting within the world and we can visualize the setting more clearly.
For those of you wondering how the decisions to replace specific pieces of legacy art were made, I'll discuss a few examples below and go into the reasons we targeted certain pieces and the thought process behind the art direction.
Supreme Aptimus Zaal and Kovass
My goal with Zaal's new illustration was both to create an image of Zaal in the middle of a fight and to come up with a way to tie his piece in with the Kovaas that would be seen on the following page. To do this, I have an Ancestral Guardian in the background of the Zaal illustration being taken down by a Temple Flameguard. The crumbling pieces then become the Kovaas in the second illustration.
Venator Reivers
Aside from the image dimensions issue, the older art often lacked action and featured only minimal background. The legacy artwork nearly always placed the Faction within their native environments. Knowing that each of the Factions typically has some of its forces on the move, I wanted to start branching out into other locations in the setting and seeing the Skorne, for example, encounter WARMACHINE Factions. In the case of the Venator Reivers, I wanted a little tongue-in-cheek nod to the Retribution forces book where it seems every illustration has the forest on fire. The idea is that they're over the Iosan peaks and have begun moving into the woods. Atmosphere in an illustration can go a long way, and those burning embers floating across the shot also helps establish a foreground, middle ground, and background.
Void Seer Mordikaar
I apologize to to Ret players out there. I did pick on other Factions, but you're now seeing two pieces in a row that highlight my campaign against the elves. I think that seeing these two examples side by side and reading the notes above, it's obvious why we needed new art for this one.
The Skorne book is coming out very shortly, and there's a lot more new art scattered throughout the book than I've showed here. I hope you've enjoyed gaining a little insight into the art direction process for this final Command book. For my next Insider, I'll be going into some of the visual direction for the Trencher Theme Force art that you'll be able to see in the upcoming first issue of No Quarter Prime!
France was downgraded, alongside eight other eurozone countries, by Standard & Poor's on fears that policy-makers are failing to get a grip on the debt crisis.
The downgrades, officially released after the US markets closed, capped another chaotic day for the eurozone, which was already reeling from the collapse of Greek debt restructuring talks.
The French downgrade casts a menacing shadow over Nicolas Sarkozy, the French president, who faces an election in April, as well as the French economy and its banking sector.
It also lands a body-blow to the eurozone's financial rescue mechanisms, starting with the European Financial Stability Facility (EFSF).
Since France is responsible for 20.4pc of the EFSF, it is likely the “big bazooka” bail-out fund will itself lose its AAA credit rating too. Borrowing costs for the fund, and the countries it is tasked with supporting, could rise while the chances of it being leveraged from €440bn to €1 trillion are likely to be crushed.
The five PIIGS countries – Portugal, Italy, Ireland, Greece and Spain – together have €186bn of bonds and bills maturing in the first three months of 2012. The EFSF's remaining AAA countries could only guarantee around €290bn of debt of which €140bn is already earmarked for agreed bail-outs.
Just a day after Mario Draghi, the Presi­dent of the European Central Bank, heralded “tentative” signs of economic stab­i­lisation, S&P lowered the long-term ratings on Italy, Spain, Portugal and Cyprus by two notches, raising their debt-refinancing costs. Portugal and Cyprus were cut to junk status, while Austria also lost its AAA rating.
While the Netherlands, Finland and Luxembourg retained their AAA ratings, they were among 14 eurozone countries – also including France, Italy and Spain – that S&P put on “negative outlook”, implying a one-in-three chance of a downgrade. Only Germany and Slovakia were “stable”.
S&P said the downgrades were “primarily driven by our assessment that the policy initiatives that have been taken by European policy-makers in recent weeks may be insufficient to fully address ongoing systemic stresses in the eurozone”.
Francois Baroin, France's finance minister, insisted the cut was not a catastrophe but that it meant the country “must follow and amplify reforms”.
Olli Rehn, EC vice-president, took a swipe at S&P, saying that after verifying that this time it had not come up with an “accidental” downgrade of France, he regretted the “inconsistent decision”.
He said S&P had made its move “at a time when the euro area is taking decisive action in all fronts of its crisis response”, including recent action by the ECB that had been “instrumental in easing tensions in sovereign bonds markets”.
The downgrades came after the sudden break up of tortuous debt talks in Athens as private bondholders said they were not convinced of the “benefits of a voluntary approach”. Negotiations will resume on Wednesday.
No deal could result in Greece becoming the first developed country in 60 years to default on its debts. Greece could also forfeit its €130bn bail-out. But a forced haircut would trigger credit default swaps – which insure the debt – and more chaos. Raoul Ruparel of Open Europe said the Greek debt talks are a bigger threat than ratings cuts.
With rumours of the S&P downgrades sweeping the markets yesterday afternoon the yield on French, Italian and Spanish 10-year bonds jumped while Britain benefited again as traders fled to the safe haven of gilts. Stockmarkets fell marginally. The Stoxx 600 and French CAC slid 0.1pc and he Dow Jones 0.4pc.
S&P was accused of being “out of order” by Michael Fuchs, deputy leader of Angela Merkel's Christian Democrats. He claimed Britain should also be downgraded.
“S&P must stop playing politics ... why doesn't it act on the highly indebted United States or highly indebted Britain?” he demanded.
In what will surely be the biggest publishing event in biblical studies in 2013, volume 4 of N.T. Wright's Christian Origins and the Question of God series will be released sometime this year. It will be published in three parts with Paul and the Faithfulness of God comprising the main work, plus a history of Pauline Research in Paul and His Recent Interpreters, and also a collection of Wright's Paul essays called Pauline Perspectives: Essays on Paul 1978-2012.
Wright's PFG is epic and will live up to the hype. It has a 100 pages just devoted to Paul and Election! Wright's story-telling about Paul is as mezmerizing and thrilling as watching a jet fighter doing aerial acrobatics with his daring exploration of texts, history, worldviews, and theology all at once.
Also, you can pre-order the whole thing from Logos for less than $100! (Which I think is about $1.99 in AusD according to recent exchange rates).
Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) is barnstorming Montana for House Democratic candidate Rob Quist the weekend before the May 25 special election for the open House seat.
Sanders declared his willingness to campaign for Quist in early April, and Quist and Sanders have been working out the timing of a visit since then.
On Friday, the Quist campaign announced the dates of Sanders' visits. The Vermont progressive will appear at rallies for Quist in Missoula, Butte, and Billings on May 20, and Bozeman on May 21.
“I'm excited to have Bernie Sanders come to Big Sky Country to witness the grassroots support behind our campaign and share the message that we need more elected leaders fighting for working class families, instead of millionaires, corporations and special interests,” Rob Quist said in a statement.
Quist, 69, is the banjo-playing founder of the popular Montana folk rock group Mission Mountain Wood Band. He's running a populist campaign against Republican Greg Gianforte, a 56-year-old multimillionaire tech company founder originally from New Jersey.
The Montana House seat opened up when President Donald Trump tapped then-Rep. Ryan Zinke (R) as his secretary of the interior.
Rodin Eckenroth/Getty Images Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) is hitting the road for Rob Quist, the banjo-playing Montana Democrat hoping to win the race for an open House seat on May 25, 2017.
The national Democratic Party initially shied away from Quist's bid, apparently viewing it as too much of a longshot. In recent weeks, however, the party has started to invest heavily in the race. The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee doubled its contribution to Quist with an injection of $400,000, and the Democratic National Committee has, among other things, mobilized its sizable email list to raise additional funds for him.
Nonetheless, Quist, who backed Sanders in the presidential primary, turned down a visit to the state from DNC Chair Tom Perez.
There are signs that Republicans believe the race is tightening as well. Donald Trump Jr. hit the campaign trail for Gianforte this week, the second such visit from the president's son. Vice President Mike Pence is also scheduled to stump for the Republican contender in Billings on Friday.
On the campaign trail, Quist has emphasized his support for preserving Montana's federally protected public lands and fighting for affordable health care.
He is trying to capitalize on Gianforte's vacillation on the Obamacare repeal bill passed in the House of Representatives last week. Last Thursday, Gianforte publicly declined to take a position on the American Health Care Act, as the bill is known. But in a private call with lobbyists obtained by The New York Times, Gianforte said he was “thankful for” the bill's passage.
Last weekend, Gianforte tried to walk it back.
“I've been very clear, to repeal and replace ‘Obamacare' we must have guarantees here in Montana that rates will go down, rural access will be preserved and people with pre-existing conditions will be protected,” Gianforte told local CBS affiliate KPAX. “If I didn't have that assurance I would have voted against it.”
Gianforte's flip-flopping was a windfall for Quist, who raised $500,000 off the incident over the course of four days. His campaign has raised $3.8 million total with an average donation of $25.
Earlier this month, Lil B's Bay Area apartment and studio suffered a pretty major house fire but that's not stopping the Based God from continuing to make his dreams come true. Today, he's exclusively unveiling a new emoji app that he developed for the vegan food company, "Follow Your Heart." The Los Angeles-based company that was once a local market and restaurant has gone on to create their own line of all natural foods. Lil B has been consulting for them as they venture into tech and music and created a pretty extensive app.
The iTunes description reads: "Use VegEmoji to share fun, positive characters with your friends and family! Follow Your Heart and Lil B created VegEmoji to spread positivity, sustainability, and a healthy, plant-based lifestyle with the world! You can also find stores in your neighborhood that carry Follow Your Heart's fresh plant-based foods. Just click and send—Follow Your Heart!!!"
Additionally, Lil B has updated his own Basedmoji app with brand-new emojis as well as a link to where you can find him across the world for his upcoming shows.
Check out some shots of the "Follow Your Heart" vegEMOJI app by Lil B below, and as always, stay based:
Foreign Affairs Minister Rob Nicholson says Canada's longer-term role in Iraq could mirror its assistance to Afghanistan as the Conservative government prepares for a possible extension to a combat mission that is due to expire next month.
Mr. Nicholson, who made a covert stop in Baghdad and Erbil earlier this week, said the government will determine in the coming weeks whether to continue Canada's military contribution to the fight against Islamic State militants. The Conservative government has signalled its interest in extending the mission beyond its six-month mandate, but has not announced a decision to do so.
"Our mandate is until April 7, but we've indicated that Canada is not a country that stands on the sidelines, and we're looking at ways that we have contributed and what is available for the future," Mr. Nicholson said in a conference call from Jordan on Thursday. "As I say, I indicated that we're in this for the longer term to make sure that we do what we can to help."
Story continues below advertisement
Asked to explain what he meant by a longer-term commitment, Mr. Nicholson suggested Ottawa would take a similar approach in Iraq to the one it had in Afghanistan by continuing to provide assistance to the country over a longer period.
"Being in this for the long term – it's similar to what we did in Afghanistan, for instance," Mr. Nicholson said. "We were in Afghanistan, but we indicated that we would continue our assistance, and we have, in Afghanistan."
The Canadian military mission to Afghanistan lasted 12 years, and Ottawa spent more than $2-billion on development assistance to the country during that time. Afghanistan remained among Canada's top foreign-aid recipients after the mission ended.
"It's not just military, it has to be a bigger picture in terms of what the solutions are," Mr. Nicholson said. He pointed out that Canada has donated more than $100-million in humanitarian assistance to the region, and said: "This is going to continue."
Canada's military contribution to the fight against Islamic State militants includes six fighter planes, two surveillance aircraft and an aerial refuelling tanker. In addition, 69 special forces soldiers are assisting Iraqi security forces on the ground in northern Iraq.
The Canadian military has already begun training troops to ensure they are prepared for a possible extension, said Royal Canadian Navy Captain Paul Forget of Canadian Joint Operations Command.
"That planning's been in the works for some time," he said during a briefing on the mission on Thursday afternoon. "The personnel have been identified, the pre-deployment training has been put into place to ensure that those personnel are ready for the challenges that lie ahead should the mandate be announced for an extension."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Captain Forget said the military is also ready to bring soldiers back to Canada should the government decide not to extend the mission.
Tony Battista, executive director of the Conference of Defence Associations , said it would be difficult to imagine the Canadian government walking away from the mission in Iraq at this point.
In addition to continued participation in coalition airstrikes, he said Ottawa could consider providing more intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance assistance as well as medical and logistical support. The government could also consider a modest increase in the number of special forces troops now serving in Iraq, he added.
Mr. Nicholson's comments are not the first to suggest Ottawa is looking to lengthen the mission. Last month, Defence Minister Jason Kenney said the government is inclined to maintain a "meaningful role" in the fight and pointed to broad public support for the current deployment.
During his trip to Iraq, Mr. Nicholson met with Iraq's Foreign Minister, its Prime Minister and the speaker of Iraq's Council of Representatives. He met with the President of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, Masoud Barzani, in Erbil, and with Canadian soldiers who are in the region.
Mr. Nicholson also held meetings this week with the foreign ministers of France and the United Arab Emirates and with the Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister of Jordan, according to the Department of Foreign Affairs.
Story continues below advertisement
NDP defence critic Jack Harris said he was disturbed by Mr. Nicholson's comments about remaining involved in Iraq for the longer term and by the comparison the minister drew to Canada's role in Afghanistan.
"These kinds of comments seem to indicate that Canadians should watch out for the kind of open-ended commitment that we've seen in Afghanistan," he said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MIDLOTHIAN, Va. -- A Midlothian woman who took it upon herself to try to curb a massive feral cat colony behind her home now wants the cats rescued because she said neighbors have made threats against the cats.
“I had somebody come to me and ask me was I aware the neighbors were planning to shoot them and hit them with shovels to kill them,” said Holly Rowland.
Rowland said a neighbor left 100 cats roaming the neighborhood several years ago.
She managed to trap 70 of them and have them spayed and neutered before releasing them back into the woods behind her home, but 25-30 cats continue to live there.
Rowland said the cats don't bother her. In fact, she feeds them daily. But, she is now determined to find them new homes after hearing about the alleged threats.
“I don't want them hurt,” Rowland said.
But, one of Rowland's neighbors said nobody in the neighborhood wants the cats hurt.
“I don't think any neighbors have actively tried to cull the herd if you will,” the neighbor said.
He said it's time the county does something to alleviate the persistent problem.
“The fundamental issue is what is the county going to do to maintain order?” the neighbor asked.
In fact, this is not the first time CBS 6 has reported about a feral cat colony in Chesterfield. Back in August, we showed you more than 20 cats living in the Carter's Mill neighborhood.
Animal control said it cannot capture and remove healthy cats running at large for several reasons, including a lack of space inside animal shelters. If they were to pick up healthy cats and couldn't find homes for them, those cats would end up being euthanized.
Not only that, there is no county ordinance that grants Animal Services authority to capture and seize healthy cats running at large.
“Hopefully, in the next month, I can relocate all of them,” Rowland said.
Edgar Wallin from the Chesterfield Planning Commission said he tried to bring up the issue last year when we told him about the Carter's Mill colony, but the issue did not gain a lot of traction.
He said he would be receptive to reviewing it again.
Click here to download Chesterfield's Community Cats informational brochure.
Share this
Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. University University of California, Santa Barbara
Materials scientist Jonathan Berger has developed a solid foam that he describes as “the most efficient in the universe.”
Called Isomax, this material—in comparison to other similar engineering materials—has the highest stiffness to lightness ratio, meaning that for its relatively low density, it has the highest stiffness, resisting crushing and shearing forces that would buckle and flatten denser, heavier materials.
It also can be easily manufactured and, with fairly minor tweaks, changed to emphasize different properties to function in various ways without sacrificing its structural integrity.
“We were trying to answer the fundamental question of how to add space to stuff,” Berger says, of the research behind Isomax.
Void space, he explains, is an aspect that plays an important role in the qualities of virtually every object, such as the functionality of buildings, the taste and texture of foods, or the ability of our shoes to cushion our feet.
How that space is utilized, enclosed, or set apart, contributes to the objects' characteristics such as softness, weight, flexibility, stiffness, and strength.
2 basic shapes: triangle and cross
Key to the innovative technology behind Isomax is an old science: geometry.
The foam has an ordered topology of regularly occurring cells featuring two basic shapes—the triangle and the cross. Taken into three-dimensional space, the cells look like contiguous pyramids—some with three diagonal faces and a base; or four diagonal faces reinforced with diagonal intersecting “walls” in their interiors that resemble the insides of wine cases.
Each shape, says Berger, was chosen because of its unique properties.
The intersecting walls of the three-dimensional cross shape are ideal for resisting perpendicular crushing forces, while the pyramidal shapes, long known for their stability, resist shearing forces.
Combined in a repeating pattern, these cells are made to withstand forces from all directions while maintaining the foam's low density, making it ideal as a structural material.
“Because it has certain symmetries and alignments and achieves the theoretical bounds for stiffness, there is no other material like it,” says Berger, a researcher at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
Lighter cars and stronger knees
The relatively simple yet effective design lends itself well towards the foam's creation from a variety of material classes to take advantage of certain properties. The strength and malleability of metals can be used to build futuristic buildings and other structures without sacrificing architectural soundness.
Fiber composites in this design could lead to lighter vehicles that are still able to resist the forces of an impact.
[related]
Additionally, this solid foam's versatility can be used as a functionally graded material, useful in situations in which one part of an object must have different physical properties than another part.
For instance, a hip replacement must be stiff enough to provide shape and support, while the surface that comes in contact with the pelvis would ideally be soft and flexible enough to allow for weight bearing without grinding away at the socket.
“We can make the walls of the cells thicker and denser at one end and then thinner at the other end,” Berger says. The walls could be removed to leave a lattice structure that could serve as a replacement for knees or other bones that have to provide structure while allowing for blood flow, he adds.
Isomax's low density for its stiffness means that things made from it require less material for the desired amount of strength, notes Berger.
Using the material in certain objects, such as vehicles, could make them more energy efficient, and the foam's regularly repeating cellular structure makes it simple to manufacture and scale to demand.
Isomax is in the early stages of development, but Berger continues to refine it and prepare it for the market through Nama Development, a company he formed with the help of UC Santa Barbara's Technology Management Program.
Source: UC Santa Barbara
1.8.3.3 Constraints on Invalid Data
By default, MySQL is forgiving of invalid or improper data values and coerces them to valid values for data entry. However, you can enable strict SQL mode to select more traditional treatment of bad values such that the server rejects them and aborts the statement in which they occur. See Section 5.1.11, “Server SQL Modes”.
This section describes the default (forgiving) behavior of MySQL, as well as the strict SQL mode and how it differs.
If you are not using strict mode, then whenever you insert an “incorrect” value into a column, such as a NULL into a NOT NULL column or a too-large numeric value into a numeric column, MySQL sets the column to the “best possible value” instead of producing an error: The following rules describe in more detail how this works:
If you try to store an out of range value into a numeric column, MySQL Server instead stores zero, the smallest possible value, or the largest possible value, whichever is closest to the invalid value.
For strings, MySQL stores either the empty string or as much of the string as can be stored in the column.
If you try to store a string that does not start with a number into a numeric column, MySQL Server stores 0.
Invalid values for ENUM and SET columns are handled as described in Section 1.8.3.4, “ENUM and SET Constraints”.
MySQL permits you to store certain incorrect date values into DATE and DATETIME columns (such as '2000-02-31' or '2000-02-00' ). In this case, when an application has not enabled strict SQL mode, it up to the application to validate the dates before storing them. If MySQL can store a date value and retrieve exactly the same value, MySQL stores it as given. If the date is totally wrong (outside the server's ability to store it), the special “zero” date value '0000-00-00' is stored in the column instead.
If you try to store NULL into a column that doesn't take NULL values, an error occurs for single-row INSERT statements. For multiple-row INSERT statements or for INSERT INTO ... SELECT statements, MySQL Server stores the implicit default value for the column data type. In general, this is 0 for numeric types, the empty string ( '' ) for string types, and the “zero” value for date and time types. Implicit default values are discussed in Section 11.7, “Data Type Default Values”.
If an INSERT statement specifies no value for a column, MySQL inserts its default value if the column definition includes an explicit DEFAULT clause. If the definition has no such DEFAULT clause, MySQL inserts the implicit default value for the column data type.
The reason for using the preceding rules in nonstrict mode is that we can't check these conditions until the statement has begun executing. We can't just roll back if we encounter a problem after updating a few rows, because the storage engine may not support rollback. The option of terminating the statement is not that good; in this case, the update would be “half done,” which is probably the worst possible scenario. In this case, it is better to “do the best you can” and then continue as if nothing happened.
You can select stricter treatment of input values by using the STRICT_TRANS_TABLES or STRICT_ALL_TABLES SQL modes:
SET sql_mode = 'STRICT_TRANS_TABLES'; SET sql_mode = 'STRICT_ALL_TABLES';
STRICT_TRANS_TABLES enables strict mode for transactional storage engines, and also to some extent for nontransactional engines. It works like this:
For transactional storage engines, bad data values occurring anywhere in a statement cause the statement to abort and roll back.
For nontransactional storage engines, a statement aborts if the error occurs in the first row to be inserted or updated. (When the error occurs in the first row, the statement can be aborted to leave the table unchanged, just as for a transactional table.) Errors in rows after the first do not abort the statement, because the table has already been changed by the first row. Instead, bad data values are adjusted and result in warnings rather than errors. In other words, with STRICT_TRANS_TABLES , a wrong value causes MySQL to roll back all updates done so far, if that can be done without changing the table. But once the table has been changed, further errors result in adjustments and warnings.
For even stricter checking, enable STRICT_ALL_TABLES . This is the same as STRICT_TRANS_TABLES except that for nontransactional storage engines, errors abort the statement even for bad data in rows following the first row. This means that if an error occurs partway through a multiple-row insert or update for a nontransactional table, a partial update results. Earlier rows are inserted or updated, but those from the point of the error on are not. To avoid this for nontransactional tables, either use single-row statements or else use STRICT_TRANS_TABLES if conversion warnings rather than errors are acceptable. To avoid problems in the first place, do not use MySQL to check column content. It is safest (and often faster) to let the application ensure that it passes only valid values to the database.
Reps. Elijah Cummings, Nancy Pelosi and the New York Times fell for a parody account of Michael Flynn, who resigned on Monday.
“I believe we need to hold a public hearing with Flynn to get to the bottom of this,” Cummings said during a press conference on Capitol Hill, citing the parody tweet.
“While I accept full responsibility for my actions, I feel it is unfair that I have been made the sole scapegoat for what happened. But if a scapegoat is what's needed for this administration to continue to take this great nation forward, I am proud to do my duty,” the fake account tweeted in a pair of messages.
Madam Leader, just this morning, Flynn tweeted, and this is a quote, ‘scapegoat,' end of quote. Scapegoat. He basically described himself as a scapegoat,” said Cummings, D-Md.
Pelosi, D-Calif., added: “I have a tweet, I'm going to make, I'm telling my staff right now – it's not scapegoat, it's stonewall. And that's exactly what the Republicans in Congress are doing.”
The New York Times had also featured the tweets in its story on Flynn's resignation.
Advertisements
comments
A U.S. district court judge has once again taken a look at three publishers' case against Georgia State University's e-reserve and ruled that, in 41 of 48 cases, no copyright infringement took place. The ruling, a 220-page walk-through that applies the four-part fair-use test to each of the 48 cases, is seen by copyright experts as a complicated decision that won't be of much help to universities in determining fair use, as it relies on revenue data not normally available. Still, observers described it as a win for proponents of fair use and another loss for the publishers.
"This ruling, like each ruling in the case, is clearly a disaster for the plaintiff publishers," Kevin Smith, director of the office of copyright and scholarly communication at Duke University, said in a blog post. "Once again it establishes that there is significant space for fair use in higher education, even when that use is not transformative. Nevertheless, it is a difficult victory for libraries, in the sense that the analysis it uses is not one we can replicate; we simply do not have access to the extensive data about revenue, of which [U.S. District Judge Orinda D. Evans] makes such complex use."
This post may contain affiliate links; please read the disclosure for more information.
In a rather exciting piece of new, the Walt Disney Company has successfully taken full ownership of Disneyland Paris.
In order to take full ownership, France's laws require Disney to own more than 95% of the stock. After offering a buyout to existing shareholders that ended last week, Disney reached 97.08% ownership which will now allow them to take full ownership of the entire resort for the first time in its 25 year history. The remaining shareholders will see their shares automatically redeemed at the price of €2 each.
Before the buyout, Disney stated that this deal “affords maximum flexibility to shareholders, addresses the group's financial needs and reflects its ongoing support for the long-term success of Disneyland Paris”. To this end, Disney said it will support Euro Disney's recapitalization to the tune of 1.5 billion euros. This follows a 2014 rescue plan in which Disney committed to at least 1 billion euros over 10 years.
Disneyland Paris racked up a net loss of 858 million euros (over $900 million) in 2016 after the terrorist attacks in Paris in late 2015 led to a downturn in the tourism industry across France. Additionally, the European economy hasn't been been kind to businesses across the continent. In 2015, the company recorded a net loss of 102 million euros. The financial saga of Euro Disney is frequently discussed in most writings about the resort, including the recently released “Building Magic – Disney's Overseas Theme Parks” and the earlier “Once Upon an American Dream: The Story of Euro Disneyland“.
SaveSave
Bolivian President Plans To Sue The US For Diverting Presidential Planes
from the this-could-get-interesting dept
"The US cannot be allowed to continue with its policy of intimidation and blockading presidential flights," stressed Morales.
You may recall the craziness from back in July when frantic US officials had an airplane carrying the President of Bolivia, Evo Morales, diverted from its planned path and forced to land, because of rumors that Ed Snowden might be hidden away on board. That turned out to be totally false, but the ensuing outrage about US government bullying, and forcing a Presidential plane to land has been growing. Now, Morales has announced that he's planning to sue the US government for "crimes against humanity" over a similar, but slightly different incident: the supposed diversion of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro's plane on his flight to China. While the US has now granted clearance, originally Venezuela claimed otherwise, and Morales is fearful of a pattern:Of course, the US can (and probably will) continue to do that sort of thing, because that's what the US does, but acting like a big bully just for the hell of it really doesn't seem to make much diplomatic sense these days.
Filed Under: airspace, bolivia, evo morales, human rights, lawsuits, nicolas maduro, venezuela
Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall isn't wasting the opportunity to have his government's priorities heard by a national audience.
Canada's premiers have gathered in Ottawa for the first sit down meeting with Canada's prime minister in nearly seven years.
One major item on the agenda appears to be climate change. Next week, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Premier Wall will be at the UN climate change conference in Paris, known as COP21.
Premier Wall is hoping to bring the economy to the table and discuss the thousands of layoffs that have occurred in the energy sector in Western Canada.
As we meet in Ottawa, 1000s Cdns hit w/energy sec layoffs. Let us remember the econ. Good start is a nat'l pipeline. <a href="https://t.co/oD6Ksct25T">https://t.co/oD6Ksct25T</a> —@PremierBradWall
While addressing national media this morning, Wall pointed out the number of middle class families going into Christmas without a job.
"There has not been a lot of coverage about that, a lot of attention paid to these massive layoffs in Canada," Wall said. "I wonder if that might be the case were it in another sector in the country. I don't know if it would."
Wall said Saskatchewan needs to do better in terms of its record on climate change, but he added, "we can't forget the economy."
"We cannot forget the jobs that quite literally are at stake in a sector that's undergoing a lot of stress right now due to $40 oil," the premier said.
"Those jobs are broadening our tax base and paying for the quality of life that we want for all Canadians."
Going into the Paris meetings, Wall said any climate change agreements made as a country need to consider the impact they could have on jobs.
"What additional impact will that have on the energy sector, which is already suffering massive layoffs in our country. I think that's a reasonable question to ask," Wall said.
"We need to go to Paris with a plan, but let's make sure that that plan understands completely what impact we might be having on Saskatchewan, Alberta, Albertan, Canadian families that depend on the energy sector for their livelihoods."
Wall, who has previously said "it's time to revisit the issue" of nuclear power, tweeted this Monday morning:
Manitoba's new government plans to post an $890-million deficit at the end of its first fiscal year in power after making only modest changes to the province's finances.
The first provincial budget posted by the Progressive Conservative government, titled "Correcting the Course," calls for modest increases in spending for most provincial departments, some tax relief for low-income earners and a clawback of the seniors' school-tax rebate brought in by the previous NDP government.
Premier Brian Pallister's government plans to spend $890 million more than it receives in income on core government services for the 2016-17 fiscal year. That's more than twice the $422-million in red ink envisioned by the previous government under Greg Selinger for 2015-16, but a drop of $120 million from an actual deficit that was expected to be more like $1 billion.
When Crown corporations, regional health authorities and other non-core government agencies are included, the deficit is expected to be $911 million at the end of 2016-17.
Finance Minister Cameron Friesen, Manitoba's sixth finance minister in eight years, said the Tories will balance the budget during their next term in office, which would begin in 2020 if they win the next provincial election.
Rather than defy Manitoba's balanced-budget legislation, Friesen plans to suspend it in 2017 with "legislation that provides Manitoba taxpayers with enforceable protection, including the restoration of their right to vote on major tax increases."
Friesen said his government is taking a careful approach toward balancing the budget after the NDP spent several years overstating revenues and understating expenses.
The first provincial budget posted by the new Progressive Conservative government, titled "Correcting the Course," calls for modest increases in spending for most provincial departments, some tax relief for low-income earners and a clawback of the seniors' school-tax rebate brought in by the previous NDP government. 1:30
'Nothing hidden here'
"This is practical. There's nothing hidden here," Friesen said of the plan to wait until after 2020 to balance the budget. "We are relying on the advice of experts."
All but two government departments will see their budgets rise this year. Health and social services accounts for the greatest increases.
What's now known as Manitoba Health, Seniors and Active Living will receive an additional $300 million as its budget increases to $6 billion from $5.7 billion. The budget for the new Families Department will rise $100 million, to $1.9 billion from $1.8 billion.
On the other hand, the PCs have cut about $1 million from Manitoba Agriculture, whose budget drops to $180 million from $181 million last year. The budget for the executive council, which includes the premier's office, declines $200,000, to $4.1 million from $4.3 million.
The cut to agriculture funding is symbolic for a government with a strong rural political base, as the PCs captured every Manitoba seat outside of Winnipeg except for three northern ridings. Friesen characterized the drop as good news.
"Commodity prices have been strong. Part of the decrease you're seeing represents a drop in [crop] insurance payment amounts," he said.
Pallister said the delay on balanced budget legislation was the result of charting a new course.
Manitoba's new Finance Minister Cameron Friesen speaks at a news conference before the provincial budget is read. (Bert Savard/CBC) "We're turning this canoe, if I can use a Manitoba analogy, we're turning it carefully, because to turn it too rapidly is to risk our cargo," he said. "And our cargo is our most vulnerable people."
Clawback to seniors' property tax credit
The province also intends to save $37 million a year by clawing back on the seniors' property-tax credit, which used to offer homeowners as much as $470 a year in rebates. Now, seniors with family incomes over $63,500 will receive no rebate on their provincial taxes, while those with family incomes between $40,000 and $63,500 will receive smaller rebates.
"Tax policy must be principled," Friesen said during the budget lockup. "Those seniors who actually need the support will continue to receive it."
Other new tax measures will offer some relief. Beginning on Jan. 1, the province will remove 2,770 low-income earners from the provincial property-tax rolls by indexing the basic personal exemption to the rate of the inflation. This will cost the province $11.6 million a year.
Personal income-tax brackets will also be indexed to the rate of inflation, costing the province $12.8 million year.
The province also promises to spend $1.8 billion on infrastructure this year, but almost half that tab will be spent on health, education and housing. Actual capital spending within the Infrastructure Department — which is responsible for building roads — is down $41 million, to $606 million from $647 million.
A provincial finance official says this is due to the timing of certain projects. Friesen also hinted at cancelling some infrastructure commitments made by the previous NDP government.
"Projects not yet approved will be reviewed to assess their return on their investment and social problems," the finance minister said in his speech.
Pallister said seniors are being protected where it matters most.
"Manitoba seniors have told us that they want better access to health care. They want more personal care homes built. They want lower ambulance fees," he said. These are top priorities and we want to address those top priorities."
Premier Brian Pallister takes questions after the budget was tabled. (Tyson Koschik/CBC)
'Steady as she goes'
Chris Adams, political scientist at St. Paul's College at the University of Manitoba, described the budget as a "steady as she goes" financial plan that does not include any major surprises.
"This wasn't a Mike Harris 'Common Sense Revolution' budget, as some people worried about. It's more in tune with what we saw from Brad Wall's Saskatchewan Party when they defeated the Saskatchewan NDP in 2007," Adams said during the budget lockup at the Manitoba Legislature.
"Also, the premier didn't have a lot of time to get this budget together, so he's really taken what was happening over the past number of years and fine-tuned it. I think next year we'll see some bigger changes."
Adams said the budget is noteworthy for what it does not highlight: child care, Indigenous Manitobans, labour and training, all of which were priorities for the previous NDP government.
The first provincial budget posted by the new Progressive Conservative government calls for modest increases in spending for most provincial departments. (Bert Savard/CBC)
Budget highlights
What better way to spend a sunny weekend than playing games indoors. If I had a portable generator I would have likely taken my desk outside, but then I'd have only had sun glare on my monitor. Instead, I packed off my family for three days and decided to stay indoors away from the sun's rays, playing Guild Wars 2 for more than 42 hours (curse the need to sleep!)…
If you haven't already read my last Beta Impressions of Guild Wars 2, you should head on over and take a read. I won't be repeating myself here or covering old ground and instead will be picking out the main concerns raised by other players I encountered on my travels.
First and foremost, there really were some strange complaints; baffling complaints. One particular favourite saw an Engineer bemoaning to me the fact he didn't know which profession had a flamethrower or turrets, while another saw a thief or two asking where the permanent stealth button was. What this really said to me was that as good as ArenaNet's marketing is, there is a long way to go in informing the masses of the most basic of details. It's easy to forget that those outside of the Guild Wars 2 bubble don't follow it as religiously as someone like me.
Let's begin, shall we?
My Thief is useless in World versus World!
I wasn't particularly surprised when I heard people saying this in the Mists. Where large open spaces are concerned, there is the expectation that ranged professiones will always dominate. This, in many ways, is true. However, what the individuals I encountered were failing to understand or appreciate was the necessity to change weapon sets where appropriate and adapt to the situation. Like a ranged profession in Battle of Khylo, a map that has narrow streets and few open spaces, ranged professions are forced to adopt a skirmish approach with shortbow or melee weapons. Similarly, a thief has the ability to use dual pistols or shortbow in WvW (the thief's shortbow has some wonderful area of effect skills) if they want to remain at range. What was also clear was that many thieves were failing to think of clever ways to utilise their skills. Instead they were rigidly sticking to a melee playstyle and wondering why they were being eaten alive from a distance.
Infiltrator's Arrow, coupled with Steal and Shadowstep, are three methods of quickly closing distance if you wish to maintain a melee playstyle. Using Shadow Refuge, Roll for Initiative, Withdraw or Blinding Powder are also wonderful escape tools after your initial assault. Combing these skills will easily see you enter and exit quickly and is a combination of skills I used them regularly for that purpose with great effect.
It appeared to me that many look upon the thief's shortbow or pistol/pistol setup with displeasure as they perhaps assume their damage is significantly reduced or it doesn't fit their preconceived image of the ‘stealth' profession. All I could say to that is if a thief still insists on only using melee skills without the supporting skills to dip in and out of combat quickly, there is always the option to undertake additional WvW objectives, such as recruiting an ogre camp.
My pet is so dumb, it just doesn't do anything!
I'll hold my hands up, pets are frighteningly inconsistent. Tell your pet to attack and it'll often stay frozen in place; tell it to use its special skill and it will likely ignore you. Some pets work great and some are downright broken. The Bears (Black, Brown and Polar) it seems have all had their batteries removed and are more akin to a plush toy than a fierce fighting machine. In contrast, the Fern Mastiff and Wolf/Artic Wolf work really well, though there are still some issues with them responding to commands, often resulting in you having to press the attack [F1] or special attack button [F2] multiple times to get them to move.
ArenaNet have assured me and beta testers that they are continuing to work on pet AI to ensure it is up to scratch and I have noticed a vast improvement since the last phase. What is strange though is that there was a massive difference in pet responsiveness from Friday and Saturday to the Sunday. On Sunday my pet was behaving just as it should, where as only days before it was relatively useless. Perhaps ArenaNet dropped a sneaky patch on us. Let's hope they manage to fix it.
Guardians are so overpowered!
It's quite the statement and I heard it regularly during the beta. I would be lying to suggest that guardians aren't difficult to kill, because they are. They can take huge amounts of damage and do reasonable damage. Having primarily played the engineer, thief and ranger during this phase I never struggled against any guardians, though some certainly caused more difficulty than others. I found that when fighting them they were, in many ways, the opposite of a warrior (in a good way); the guardian having more survivability and less damage and the warrior providing more damage but less survivability.
They are certainly a formidable opponent, and I recorded one guardian that survived for quite some time with more than 3 people attacking him. But to suggest they are overpowered simply because they have survivability is very subjective. Inevitably, there are many factors that determine a professions balance:
Your personal skill with X profession
Your opponent's skill with X profession
Your profession composition (traits/weapon sets/skills)
Your opponent's composition (traits/weapon sets/skills)
Your use of your skill cooldowns
Your opponent's use of their skill cooldowns
The map and layout
I'm not suggesting that Guild Wars 2 balance is perfect (It's not far from!) but I've never once died to a guardian and thought “They are so overpowered!” or “That skill is ridiculous!” as in hindsight I know I could have done X, Y or Z differently and succeeded.
Engineers are too complex!
I found this really surprising and I honestly never thought I would see the day when people publically complain about a profession being too complicated. I'm also really unsure where this stems from, as Guild Wars 2 gently provides you with an introduction to all skills and tools for your chosen profession, as you level. I suspect it is based on people choosing the profession and teleporting instantly to the Mists. At which point their head melts at the abundance of weapons, skills, utility skills, kits, armour and elites.
On the face of it, I would probably agree that the engineer appears quite complex. In reality, it really is rather simple.
You have one primary weapon set (Rifle, Pistol/Pistol, Pistol/Shield)
You can equip “kits” that replace your primary weapon set.
You can equip multiple “kits” and thus achieve multiple weapon sets.
Equipping any skill or “kit” in slot 7 to 9 provides you with an additional utility skill bound to F keys.
I believe the “it's too complex” stems from the fact that the game doesn't explicitly tell you any of this; it simply assumes you as the player will figure it out. Perhaps it might be of value for ArenaNet to add a greater profession description during the profession selection process, to avoid any confusion. Alternatively they could always add a warning message before joining the Mists; “Visiting the Mists will level your character to level 80 and will provide you with all skills, traits and maximum armour. This may blow your mind if you are new to Guild Wars 2.”
Combat is whack-a-mole!
I was literally lost for words when a small handful of people were discussing this. The Reddit post by Mr. I'll-Break-The-NDA is now relatively famous, but what I find frustrating is the sheer ignorance of what is a remark without foundation. To be blunt, if you whack-a-mole your skills during later stages of PvE (anything after level 11), and during any stage of PvP you are, by default, going to die. Not only will you will be punished time and time again for failing to manage your heals, your stuns, your parries or knockbacks but you will soon realise that blasting through your cooldowns is nothing short of suicidal.
Guild Wars 2 combat, like many MMOGs, comes to life as you begin to level and acquire more skills. In early PvE encounters you can get away with using all your skills without fear of dying, but I wouldn't expect anything less from starter zones. They are designed to ease players into the game, to allow them to learn mechanics and the basic functioning of their profession.
Having now invested over 80 hours into Guild Wars 2 I have gone from being inconsistent in 1 on 1 encounter > to competent > to winning most > to capable of taking on 2 or 3 players at once. This wasn't achieved by me whack-a-moleing my skills, but by making effective use of all my cooldowns.
Dodge is pointless!
This couldn't be further from the truth. In PvE during the early stages it is likely you will rarely need to dodge. However even during the first boss encounter for each race there is the necessity, at times, to use it. During the Duke Barradin boss in the Charr starting zone, to not dodge in certain instances will see your character knocked back regularly and take heavy damage. The necessity to dodge effectively is even more apparent in PvP. Avoiding AOE, heavy strikes, explosives, mines, standard attacks and ranged fire are all possible with effective use of dodge. If you don't use it, timely and wisely, you will die quickly and will be easy pickings for those that do.
A recent encounter on my ranger, this phase, saw me survive and kill a warrior and elementalist at the same time thanks to using dodging properly. I was able to keep distance, avoid damage and secure those precious few seconds needed while waiting for my heal to recharge. If I had simply strafed around my opponents I would have died, just on the unfair odds. Instead, I went on to kill them both and another ranger who was nearby.
It's nothing like Guild Wars!
It really isn't. This might be stating the obvious , but it's absolutely nothing like Guild Wars. It was interesting to hear a great deal of people wondering where AI companions were or why it wasn't instanced. What was also interesting was how strange people find it to have their weapon skills restricted to a weapon; this minor change is clearly something many will have to get used to. Combined with the differences in movement, these are going to be two hurdles for the Guild Wars die hards. Guild Wars 2 does move like a traditional MMOG (It is akin to WoW, Aion or Rift when you hold down the right mouse button) however it must be said that it is massively improved over all of those and I don't see how anyone can look upon this negatively. Movement is fast, responsive and snappy; exactly what is needed for a game that offers such fun combat. I'm unsure where feelings of the movement being “floaty” come from (I don't think it could feel any weightier) and I'm also unsure how anyone from Guild Wars can see it as a step backwards. As much as I love the original, the movement did feel clunky and rigid in comparison to newer attempts at the genre.
Besides the above, some complaints ranged from cringe-worthy (“I'll go healer!”) to the bizarre (“What class do I become as a warrior, if I use rifle?”). The greatest task ArenaNet now have isn't bringing their product to market; it is probably weeding through the bug reports and forum feedback to find some of the truly excellent suggestions people have made.
It must be said though, that 99% of the people I chatted to during the weekend absolutely adored the game and yet again I can't wait to see what the next phase brings. Hopefully I'll see many of you in it.
Follow Me @PersistentWorld
Email the author of this post at lewisb@tap-repeatedly.com
My mother, the lifelong champion for those amongst us who are underrepresented or disenfranchised or under served, asked me a seemingly harmless question while dropping me off the other day that lit a flame inside of me. She asked how our community views bisexuals and if they are seen as equals or accepted. My mother thinks nothing about bisexuals at all except that they are people like all people, but she wondered if they were met with discrimination or humour within our community. My mother and I have a beautiful thing going where we see each other as people and talk about actual issues with one another (we can talk about how cool my mom is some other time*). But it gave me pause…how do I explain this? How do I answer this question? And if I cannot even come up with a clear answer for this woman, the most understanding and open woman I know, what does that say about the future of our ‘community' when we are having to defend ourselves to big, bad wolves?
We have a problem. It is not a deep, dark flowers-in-the-attic kind of secret. It is open discrimination amongst our own; a casting aside of the very diversity that makes us whole and perfect. We have all fallen victim to it at some point, perhaps even been perpetrators ourselves.
If I had a nickel every time a gay man found out I was gay and responded with, “Really? But I normally hate lesbians!” It's ridiculous. We've heard it all before: lesbians who think all gay men are just belligerent, gay men who think lesbians are all angry man-haters, new-age gender-non-conformists who think lipstick lesbians are a disgrace to feminism, “real gays” who think being bisexual is a stepping stone to reach their ranks, bears who think twinks should just ‘grow a pair,' cis-gendered folks who think all gender neutral (or non conforming, third sex, transsexuals, transgendered, drag queens etc) should just stop ‘acting', lesbians who think transwomen can't identify as lesbians, and the list goes on and on. What it boils down to is simple: we are afraid of what we do not know and we too often attempt to repel new information instead of embracing it.
Here's the deal. I'm over it, and you should be disgusted with it as well. In this community of lovers who are demanding we get equal recognition simply because it is OURS by right, shunning some of our own for the very reasons we are being shunned by the rest of the country is just sickening. We are the people who declared the international symbol of peace, the rainbow flag, would forever be synonymous with our struggle and our identities. Perhaps our community has grown much larger than we ever could imagine, but that is an inspiring and incredible state of affairs. The very fact that we are no longer a binomial entity of “lesbian” and “gay” whom adheres to gender roles and expectations is a very good thing, indeed. The progress we have been pushing for, and living for, and screaming at the top of our collective voices for, is here. We are too blind to see the beauty of the rainbow. Cis-male, transformative, gender-non-conforming, third-sex, futch and questioning, and everything in between or around or under or unknown. We can blend seamlessly within our lives to simply…BE. As people not asking you to allow us to live outside of your idea of acceptability. But as a supportive community who has been pushed aside, who has been told that we are making ‘choices,' who have been belittled and degraded and told to suck it up and live within a confining box. We have rebelled, and now we must flourish. Who are we to disregard another's identity and call them invalid? Who are we to let our own hang-ups or values discredit another's? Have we learned nothing? Who do we want to be? Because if we cannot be a family to our own, we cannot not hope to be recognized as equals to those who are different from us. We cannot continue this cycle.
What it boils down to is simple: we are afraid of what we do not know and we too often attempt to repel new information instead of embracing it. Well, guess what? That's exactly what's going on in the rest of the country who have discriminatory laws on the books too. It is not acceptable. I know we are better than that because I am better than that. As my family, who have helped raise me and nurtured me and learned from me in kind, you are better than that.
We must support each other, unconditionally and collectively. We must encourage people to express themselves how they see fit; to dress however makes them feel confident; to use whatever pronoun empowers them. We must adapt to new language, and create neologisms when necessary. We must not judge each other or try to discredit what we are unfamiliar with. If we, as a community of diversity unlike any other, cannot grow with our next generation then we will become stagnant and irrelevant to the future. We cannot demand our civil rights while simultaneously fractioning ourselves. We are stronger as a whole. We must be a united front. We cannot win this war without all hands on deck—whether those hands have 6-inch glitter nails and a high school football ring, or have dirt in the creases. We must be that much better than our opponents expect. We must exemplify the very banner we walk under. We must, or we have already lost much more than our civil rights. We have lost our dignity, our self-respect, and the dream that so many have put their lives on the line for. We are all Brandon Teena as much as we are all Boston. We are all Matthew Sheppard as much as we are all 9/11. An attack on one is an attack on all. Unified, we are unstoppable; and the time to unite is now.
* Many of you do not come from the kind of completely accepting and loving parents that I am fortunate enough to have. If you'd like to borrow them or meet others like them to talk or to get some reassurance or just listen to I highly recommend you attend local PFLAG meetings. Families are an amazing resource, and whether through blood or choice, they are what get us through this crazy life.
You May Also Like:
The first Yo-kai Watch game is heading to North America next month. But of course, Japan already received the sequel long ago, which is actually comprised of three different versions.
Level-5 is now thinking about how to approach Yo-kai Watch 2's western release. Speaking with Nintendo World Report at the New York Comic-Con, chief operating officer Yukari Hayakawa said:
“One is called Ganzo, Honke, and Shinuchi so there's actually three titles and we are still kind of, we haven't made the decision on which one to release in the U.S., whether it's all three or just one, whether it's all physical or digital.”
Hayakawa also said that amiibo support for the Yo-kai Watch series is a possibility.
Source
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Someone behind an anonymous Twitter account is trying to destroy the influential conservative Breitbart News website by smearing it as “racist” – and he's already scared at least 47 advertisers away from Breitbart.
In the current atmosphere of left-wing hysteria over the surprise election of Donald Trump as president, this blacklisting project has already earned an impressive return on investment. Breitbart is a target of the wrath of social justice warriors because it reports the truth about the Left and it used to be run by Stephen Bannon, now slated to become chief strategist in the Trump White House. Hurting Breitbart hurts Trump and Republicans in general, the thinking goes.
The campaign takes screenshots of advertisements on Breitbart and then harasses the advertisers, demanding that they stop advertising there. It also encourages people who hate Breitbart or Trump to take screenshots of a target company's ads placed beside content deemed objectionable and tweet the images at advertisers along with a threat to stop patronizing that company.
The cowardly crusader hiding behind this effort to frighten advertisers away from Breitbart by lying about and mischaracterizing the provocative news website's content goes by the user name Sleeping Giants.
The user's identity seems safe for the moment but if Breitbart files a defamation lawsuit, Twitter could be forced to disclose the user's identity.
So far the identity of the individual or individuals behind Sleeping Giants is not known, except to Shareen Pathak, managing editor at the DigiDay blog.
Pathak reports, “The creator of the account said he would prefer to remain anonymous to avoid being harassed by Trump supporters on the internet. He said he started the account because fake news and disinformation, are, in his opinion, two of the reasons why the election turned out in favor of Trump.”
The creator of Sleeping Giants reportedly told DigiDay, “The biggest way that this disinformation will continue is ad revenue, just like any news source. Beyond really wanting to stop this nonsense, this effort was really born out of the need to inform advertisers about the kind of material that they're sponsoring. This isn't supposed to be a boycotting effort as much as an information effort.”
The Sleeping Giants (Twitter handle: @slpng_giants) account was created last month. At time of writing the account had 3,144 tweets and 11,200 followers. Sleeping Giants says “We are trying to stop racist websites by stopping their ad dollars. Many companies don't even know it's happening. It's time to tell them.”
Of course Breitbart isn't even remotely racist but left-wingers don't let facts get in the way of an activist push. They know that smear jobs work, especially in the timid corporate world where companies routinely surrender to left-wing extortionists like Al Sharpton without much of a fight.
Food manufacturer Kellogg's has withdrawn its ads from Breitbart, claiming the site is not “aligned with our values as a company.” The company offered no examples of how Breitbart's values actually differ from its own.
The decision by Kellogg's will have “virtually no revenue impact on Breitbart.com,” the news organization wrote. “It does, however, represent an escalation in the war by leftist companies like Target and Allstate against conservative customers whose values propelled Donald Trump into the White House.”
The decision “appears to be one more example of an out-of-touch corporation embracing false left-wing narratives used to cynically smear the hardworking Americans that populate this nation's heartland.”
Breitbart News Editor-in-Chief Alexander Marlow is calling for a boycott of Kellogg's and urging conservatives to sign the #DumpKelloggs petition. Marlow says the breakfast cereal maker's “war” against the site demonstrates its “cowardice” and “bigotry.”
Breitbart News is the largest platform for pro-family content anywhere on the Internet. We are fearless advocates for traditional American values, perhaps most important among them is freedom of speech, or our motto ‘more voices, not less.' For Kellogg's, an American brand, to blacklist Breitbart News in order to placate left-wing totalitarians is a disgraceful act of cowardice. They insult our incredibly diverse staff and spit in the face of our 45,000,000 highly engaged, highly perceptive, highly loyal readers, many of whom are Kellogg's customers. Boycotting Breitbart News for presenting mainstream American ideas is an act of discrimination and intense prejudice. If you serve Kellogg's products to your family, you are serving up bigotry at your breakfast table.
Welch's, a maker of juices and jams, is dropping Breitbart.
Facebook user Mary Dibbern wrote to the company: “Welch's is advertising on the Breitbart site. I will boycott all Welch's products, plus post a photo of the ads onto my FB and Twitter accounts if Welch's does not stop giving Breitbart their advertising business.”
Welch's promptly caved: “Mary, we assure you that we are taking the necessary steps to remove all Welch's content from this site, and others like it. Thank you for reaching out.”
Other companies withdrawing advertising from Breitbart include pharmaceutical manufacturer Novo Nordisk, insurance provider Allstate, eyeglass maker Warby Parker, San Diego Zoo, 3M, AARP, Earthlink, L'Occitane, Paperless Post, Saddleback Bags, and U.S. Bank.
AppNexus Inc., a digital ad firm, has banned Breitbart from using its ad service, Bloomberg reports. The firm “decided the publication had breached a policy against content that incites violence.” AppNexus is reportedly second only to Google in the ad serving market for publishers.
AppNexus mouthpiece Joshua Zeitz said, “We did a human audit of Breitbart and determined there were enough articles and headlines that cross that line, either using coded or overt language.”
Zeitz claimed preposterously that Breitbart isn't being targeted for its conservative inclinations. “This blacklist was solely about hate speech violation,” he said.
The Sleeping Giants effort is the same kind of malicious campaign waged by George Soros-funded groups against conservative organizations.
Led by ColorOfChange, a far-left race-baiting group whose views are largely indistinguishable from those held by Van Jones (a co-founder) and Al Sharpton, activists attacked the conservative American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC) for its policy stands. Soros-funded ColorOfChange smeared corporations that donated to ALEC as racist because the group supported voter ID laws. The campaign against ALEC also led to the group disbanding the task force that had been responsible for drafting model voter ID laws to be used by state lawmakers, along with “Stand Your Ground” laws.
Soros-funded Media Matters for America (MMfA) claims to have cost “The Rush Limbaugh Show” “[h]undreds of millions of dollars in losses attributable to advertisers refusing to subsidize” the show after Limbaugh's controversial comments about leftist birth control poster girl Sandra Fluke.
MMfA has also waged war against Breitbart News, Fox News Channel, Ann Coulter, and talk show hosts like Glenn Beck, though generally with little success.
This new attack on Breitbart is happening because left-wingers are still in deep denial over President-elect Donald Trump's come-from-behind victory over Democrat war horse Hillary Clinton and they're desperately searching for scapegoats.
They're blaming purveyors of so-called fake news – which includes Breitbart since it doesn't toe the leftist line.
For example, useful idiot Craig Timberg recently churned out an outrageous left-wing propaganda piece in the Washington Post, a newspaper that lied over and over again about Trump during the campaign.
Timberg claims a vast Russian conspiracy planted fake news before American eyeballs and that's the real reason Trump won.
“Russian-backed phony news” was behind “[s]ome of the first and most alarming tweets after Clinton fell ill at a Sept. 11 memorial event in New York,” he wrote, adding there had been “a spate of other misleading stories in August about Clinton's supposedly troubled health.”
She did in fact fall ill at the 9/11 event, a fact that would never have been reported by the mainstream media if an onlooker hadn't captured Clinton collapsing as she was entering a vehicle and being held up by two security men. She suffered at least temporary brain damage in recent years when she sustained a nasty concussion. She also experienced coughing fits on the podium.
Russia's “propaganda machinery also helped push the phony story that an anti-Trump protester was paid thousands of dollars to participate in demonstrations, an allegation initially made by a self-described satirist and later repeated publicly by the Trump campaign.”
Well, the evidence is fairly convincing that the Clinton campaign did in fact pay anti-Trump protesters to participate in demonstrations and foment violence at Trump campaign rallies. Democrat uber-thug Robert Creamer has admitted that Hillary personally knew about the false flag operation which was euphemistically referred to as “conflict engagement.”
Timberg adds, “The final weeks of the campaign featured a heavy dose of stories about supposed election irregularities, allegations of vote-rigging and the potential for Election Day violence should Clinton win, researchers said.”
This is all very interesting except that in the modern era all presidential elections are filled with allegations of electoral irregularities. It's normal and it happens with or without fanciful conspiracy theories or Kremlin involvement.
But the Left soldiers on, inventing villains and vilifying good people.
These people can't win on the facts or by offering rational arguments.
All they can do it attack, attack, attack.
And Breitbart won't be their last target.
By Jef Sensabaugh
No, I don't have a copy. But I have held one.
Unlike many of the writers who grace this blog, I was not a steady comic book reader as a child. My mother would occasionally buy me a comic, or one of those three-comic discount bags. My knowledge of current DC and Marvel continuity was practically nil. I did, however, read nearly every book of comic art in my public library. Someone in the Oakland public library system liked comic books (and comic strips). There were Batman collections featuring reprints of 1950's books, the era when Batman fought the Joker on giant typewriters. There were the Marvel Secret Origins books, which allowed me to read the first issue of every major hero but offered no hint as to what happened to them. In that mix, I read a reprint of Superman's first appearance. The book mentioned the rarity of Action Comics #1 and how valuable a copy of it was.
I went to a college with vast resources. Certain aspects were obvious: gothic architecture everywhere, professors who had written best-sellers, and small classes. Other aspects were very well hidden, but you could tap them if you just knew where to look. I think that's the point of this story – there are amazing things out there if you have the will to look and to follow through.
When I was in college, the internet barely existed. I had an email account, and you could use newsgroups but the Web would not be invented for a few years. To look things up, you needed the library. The library was my go-to entertainment center. I had friends, I really did, but somehow I found myself in the library multiple evenings a month. Sometimes I knew what I wanted. Sometimes I just wanted to get lost in the temple of paper.
One night I wanted comics.
I opened the ‘CO' card catalogue to ‘comics' and started looking at the listings. There were some sociological studies. There were some old Peanuts collections. There were a lot of things, some mildly interesting, some not. I kept flipping. And then I hit “Action Comics”.
The listing said that “Action Comics” was in the Rare Book Room, not in the stacks. That didn't sound like a reprint. Some wealthy alum must have donated them to the library, and they were right there in the building. The Rare Book Room wasn't open, so I would have to come back. I found something else to amuse myself that night, but “Action Comics” started rolling around in my brain.
Why couldn't I look at those books? I was a student of the university, with an interest in comics. I wasn't researching a book or a paper, but I was researching for my own curiosity. But would they let me look at it? I didn't have any compelling reason to see it, besides curiosity. I mentally whipped back and forth. Eventually I decided that the worst that could happen was that the library would just deny my request. What was the harm in asking?
I went to the Rare Book Room. To look at anything required filling out some forms and reading some cautionary material. You could not take anything into the room except for pencils and paper. No backpacks, no bags, no pens. You had to fill out a request slip and hand it to the librarian. I handed mine to a somewhat dour-looking lady. She instructed me to sit at one of the reading tables and disappeared.
I sat and waited.
There were people engaged in serious scholarship all around me. Pretty much all I could hear was the sound of scratching pencils taking notes. I think I had a pencil in front of me, just for appearances. After a long while, my librarian returned with a box and a smile. She seemed surprised and pleased that the University had such treasures. As she set the box in front of me and opened it, she whispered “I think you'll enjoy this.”
In the box were the first ten issues of Action Comics. They were in good condition; certainly better than the well-handled books I had at home. On top of the stack was Action Comics #1. I gently picked it up and set it on the table. I opened it and read the origin story of Superman. Then I read all the other stories in the book. There was a cowboy story and a cub reporter story and the first appearance of Zatara the magician. Quite honestly, they were all pretty dull to me. The seed of Superman is in that book, but it was what the character grew into that was exciting to me. I flipped through a few more issues, but the writing wasn't getting that much better. I was done. I signaled for the librarian to take the box away.
The stories in Action Comics #1 did not change my life. The fact that I got to hold it changed me. It was random chance that my library had it. It was random chance that I found out it was there. Knowing it was there was tantalizing, but empty. So what if the college had this tucked away? Only by taking action could I claim to have touched one of the rarest of all comics. Five years later, they sold the comics to raise money for the library. Chance favors the bold and the early.
While writing this I uncovered some of the backstory. The comics belonged to Philip Wylie, a pulp writer. In 1930 he wrote a novel called Gladiator that featured a main character with super strength and speed. A character that seems a lot like Superman, enough for Wylie to threaten legal action against Superman's creators.
My library's Action Comics were part of his legal research. Since I couldn't find the comics in my college's current library listings, I wrote a short email to them to find out what happened. I got back a long email on the history of the books and their fate from the head librarian.
Libraries take care of their own.
Google
Big day for Republic Wireless. First, the company announced plans to offer the Moto G smartphone on its low-cost, no-contract service.
Now, Republic is rolling out a highly anticipated update: Android 4.4 (KitKat) for the Moto X. That will bring the handset alongside Motorola's own, unlocked version of the Moto X, which has been receiving KitKat updates via the major carriers during the past month.
Republic's Moto X runs on the Sprint network. Although company reps couldn't say exactly when users would receive the update, which will be pushed out over the air, the timetable appears to be within the next few weeks.
KitKat, which first debuted last November, will endow the Moto X with features such as auto brightness, a new and improved phone dialer, an emoji-enhanced keyboard, and app-linked searches.
The just-announced Republic Moto G will come with KitKat preinstalled.
In other news, Republic will soon offer a reactivation option, meaning you can "hand down" or sell any Republic handset, and the recipient will be able to reactivate it for service.
"Now if you have an old Republic Wireless phone, you can give or sell that old device," said company CEO David Morken. "New members will be able to buy used devices and join Republic to save money."
Republic reps offered no additional information regarding short-code text messaging, which is not currently supported on any of the company's phones, other than to reiterate that its engineers plan to enable that capability within 90 days.
Camouflaged oil rig in LA. Photo via Consrv
You would be forgiven for not knowing that there are a slew of working oil rigs scattered across Los Angeles, hidden in plain sight. But there are. LA sits on top of the nation's third largest oil field--and oil companies would be damned if they'd let all that go to waste. So, it turns out that they have rigs pumping away throughout the massive city--and not even the city's residents know about it. Amazing video after the jump.This video short from Palladium Boots takes you through the strange, secret world of oil rigs in Los Angeles.
It just goes to show how deeply oil is embedded in the veins of our country--and that people despise it enough for the companies to actively attempt to keep their operations quiet.
From Palladium Boots via the Huffington Post Green
More on Oil Rigs in the US
10 Week Old Oil Spill's Rig is Now On Fire
US to "Zone the Ocean" to Divvy Up Space for Wind Farms, Oil Rigs
The National Marine Fisheries Service (NMFS) determined that the scalloped hammerhead shark (Sphyrna lewini), an Atlantic highly migratory species (HMS), is overfished (NOAA 04/28/2011). This finding is based on a stock assessment of the population in US Atlantic waters published by Hayes et al (2009) in the North American Journal of Fisheries Management. His study, completed in 2005, found that the stock of scalloped hammerheads had been depleted by 83% of its historic size.
This decline in the US population mirrors the decline of scalloped hammerheads globally. The IUCN (International Union for the Conservation of Nature) listed the Northwest and Central Atlantic population of scalloped hammerheads as Endangered with a decreasing population in 2006. Scalloped hammerheads have declined, in part, because they are targeted in global fisheries for their valuable fins, which are sold for shark fin soup. The other serious threat to scalloped hammerhead populations is bycatch.
Like many sharks, scalloped hammerheads have a high risk of overexploitation due to their late age at maturity, small reproductive output, and long lifespan. Unlike most other sharks, scalloped hammerheads, as well as great and smooth hammerheads, form schools, which make them vulnerable to being caught in high numbers by longlines, trawls, purse seines, and gillnets in both commercial and recreational fisheries. Unfortunately, high catch rates can mask the reality of a depleted population. In the US, the scalloped hammerhead is commonly caught in coastal bottom and pelagic longline fisheries, where it suffers from high hook mortality. Hammerhead sharks are ram ventilators, which means they have to constantly force water over their gills by swimming to get oxygen. Being hooked on a longline prevents oxygen intake in ram ventilating sharks and causes suffocation. Scalloped hammerhead sharks have a very high, 91.4%, rate of at-vessel mortality (meaning they are dead when they are brought on board the vessel). This makes management measures such as quotas and prohibition of retention unsuccessful, because they assume that the shark will be returned to the water alive.
In the US, eleven large coastal shark species, which includes hammerheads, have been managed as one large group. This is a problematic management technique because a decline in abundance in one species can be hidden by an increase in abundance of other species. Despite declines in the scalloped hammerhead population, a 2006 assessment of the large coastal sharks found that the group was not overfished. This problem highlights the need for species specific assessments.
The National Marine Fisheries Service must now take action to end or prevent continued overfishing and implement conservation measures to rebuild the scalloped hammerhead stock within two years.
Hayes, CG, Y Jiao, and E Cortes. 2009. Assessment of scalloped hammerheads in the western North Atlantic Ocean and Gulf of Mexico. North American Journal of Fisheries Management 29(5): 1407-1417.
Morgan, A and GH Burgess. 2007. At-vessel fishing mortality for six species of sharks caught in the Northwest Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico. Gulf and Caribbean Research 19(2): 1-7.
Image: NOAA
The Super Smash Bros. for Wii U "player sagas" continue in Las Vegas with 2GGT: ZeRo Saga on December 16-18. For over a year, the 2GGaming events team have coordinated player-themed events for personalities and players. For the ZeRo Saga, featuring dominant Smash 4 champion Gonzalo "ZeRo" Barrios of Team SoloMid, they are going all out. There's a generous $10,000 pot bonus given by Collegiate Colosseum, an all-star tournament staff with the core 2GGaming squad of Champ Tangwongkitsiri, James "Jmex" Chacon, Las Vegas' Bassem "Bear" Dahdouh (a core Smash Wii U staff member from top events like Genesis and Evo) and an army of top level players.
For ZeRo, the star of the show, the year so far has been full of ups and downs. He started with an incredible win at Genesis 3 in January and continued his tournament win streak into the end of February. He decided to take an extended break shortly after. By then, he was undisputedly number one, winning 64 out of 65 tournaments in a 16-month stretch.
Returning to the scene did not pan out immediately for ZeRo. He reached a low point in his Smash WiiU career with a ninth place at CEO 2016, a third place at Evo 2016, and a thirteenth place at Super Smash Con 2016. But the end of the summer became the turning point for ZeRo as he refined his game. Although it hasn't been a perfect comeback, a big win in August at Shine 2016 proved he was back.
Since then, ZeRo's been unstoppable, currently carrying a four-tournament win streak, which also includes The Big House 6 and UGC Smash Open. With a strong second half of the year, he likely earns himself the number one slot on the Panda Global Rankings version 2 for the first half of 2017. It seems like a given that he would win his own 2GG Saga.
However, there is a running joke that the highlighted players are "cursed" at their own tournaments. In the series' nine events to date, no one has been able to win their own Saga. About half have finished in the top four, but even players like Luminosity's Yuta "Abadango" Kawamura couldn't crack their Sagas' top 10.
ZeRo Saga in particular will be a serious challenge for the champion. The Panda Global Rankings (PGR) system is classifying this as the last tier 1 event for 2016, an unusual decision given the relatively small number of competitors.
"With the advent of pot bonuses, Top Players have coordinated themselves to attend these events in hopes of reaping the prize. The bigger the prize, the more intense the competition," explained Luis "suar" Suarez, Panda Global's PGstats Director for Smash Wii U. "[December's UGC Smash Open] is regarded as a tier 1 event [because of its large pot bonus and the talent pool it attracted]. Due to the fact that 2GG's ZeRo Saga boasts more entrants than UGC and a larger top Player talent pool, it also receives the Tier 1 designation despite not having at least 512 entrants (to date)."
ZeRo has accomplished many things in his career, but will he be the first to win his own Saga?
It is fitting, perhaps, that the latest controversy to rattle the LePage administration involved ill-advised, injudicious and just plain obnoxious comments by a state official. The official was not the governor himself, not this time, but Paul LePage has no one but himself to blame when a member of his Cabinet goes out in public and insults the people he's supposed to be serving.
To LePage's credit, he sent Philip Congdon packing after the now-ex-economic development commissioner reportedly demeaned minorities and the parenting skills of Maine residents during appearances in Aroostook County last month. And, certainly, LePage hasn't said anything remotely as offensive as the remarks attributed to Congdon.
Additional Photos Gov. Paul LePage ASSOCIATED PRESS
But the governor has recklessly established a culture of so-called “straight talk” that more often than not manifests itself in outrageous pronouncements and hurtful wisecracks that leave many Mainers at least shaking their heads and sometimes shaking their fists. No one should be surprised that a member of his administration might draw the conclusion that it's acceptable to stand in front of an audience and blurt out whatever moronic thought jumps into his head.
We won't even ask why someone who has such thoughts would be chosen to occupy a high-profile position – or any position – in state government. LePage says Congdon was “vetted” before his nomination to serve in the Cabinet.
Not enough, apparently.
Unfortunately, the problems with LePage's administration go beyond his own or his appointees' loose lips. It's beginning to look as though LePage may not be up to the job.
The announcement of Congdon's resignation showed up in an emailed press release about “staff changes” that also revealed the resignation of Darryl Brown as commissioner of the Department of Environmental Protection. Brown stepped down because of a conflict of interest that disqualified him from legally holding the job.
Was he “vetted” before he was chosen for the job? Maybe the next person who should resign from this administration is the “vetter” who gave thumbs-up to these appointees.
LePage refused to accept defeat on Brown, immediately appointing him to head the State Planning Office. The governor said the law that forced Brown out of his previous job was “poorly written” and should be changed. Brown called the law “silliness.”
With all the mistakes LePage has made, you might think he'd eventually apologize for one – or at least admit one.
Not on Brown. And not on Congdon; the governor refused to elaborate on Congdon's departure or criticize his alleged comments, dismissing the whole mess as a personnel matter.
LePage's repeated refusals to take responsibility for bad decisions or apologize for offending the people who pay his salary exacerbate the difficulties he's had getting his administration up and running.
Is he so arrogant and egotistical that he sincerely believes he's never wrong? Or is he so insecure and uncomfortable with his out-of-nowhere rise from small-city mayor to governor that he's afraid to admit his limitations?
Perhaps he's worried that any show of weakness, any concession to his critics, will unleash a pent-up storm of self-doubt that will leave him overwhelmed and helpless in a job that even he may not have thought he'd win when he started running for governor.
We'll leave the amateur psychology to others, but the overriding problem must be addressed. LePage's gubernatorial campaign succeeded at least in part because he sold himself as a tough-minded businessman.
His experience in the private sector managing Marden's discount stores appealed to voters who wanted to restore fiscal sanity to the operation of state government, and it seemed logical that a man who had run a successful business could easily adapt those skills to running the state.
The “easily” part is already off the table. If the transition from businessman to state chief executive were going to be easy, LePage would have made it by now, more than 100 days into the job.
It's possible that LePage's personality and skill set are simply a mismatch with the demands of the governorship, which means we're in for a long four years. But it's also possible that he's capable of growing into the job – we're desperately hoping that he is – which means that what he needs at the moment is some expert help.
For the most part, the governor has surrounded himself with people who, like him, are novices to state government. He has filled his administration with people he is comfortable with, politically and personally, and excluded those who could augment his get-tough philosophy with experience, expertise and an occasional dash of common sense.
LePage doesn't seem to take advice from anyone, much less from newspaper editorials, but we'll offer some anyway.
The governor should recruit at least one adviser who can point him in the right direction, warn him when he's about to make a mistake, counsel him when he's in trouble. Maybe he could solicit advice from some former governors or other public officials – and act on it.
Maybe he could bring someone into the governor's office who would function as the chief operating officer to carry out LePage's policy ideas, many of which are perfectly legitimate and could benefit the state immensely.
LePage would have to swallow his pride to do it – or face up to his insecurities – but seeking the right kind of help could rescue his administration from what looks for all the world like a relentless march toward disaster.
He wouldn't be the first governor, or president, or CEO, to realize that he was in over his head and needed to eat some humble pie to save himself. And he just might save the rest of us in the process.
Share
The CyanogenMod developers have announced that nightly builds of CyanogenMod 9 (CM9) are now available for several devices. After losing access to a large cluster of servers, the project to create free and open versions of Android for numerous phones and tablets put out an appeal in February for help. That appeal was so successful that by April the project had got its new build servers and now, with the appearance of nightly builds for CM9, the first fruits of the work in creating the new build system are being harvested.
CyanogenMod 9 will be based on Android 4.x, code-named "Ice Cream Sandwich". The developers have not yet announced when the first beta version of CM9 will be released, but with the appearance of the nightly builds, users can at least start to test the ROMs with less effort.
The new nightly images of CM9 are available for several devices including the Nexus S, the Galaxy Nexus and various Samsung-made phones. Images for the Galaxy Tab and Asus Transformer tablets can also be downloaded from the project's download page. The easiest way to install CyanogenMod nightly ROMs is via the ROM Manager application. Full installation instructions for each of the supported devices are available on the CyanogenMod wiki.
The H reminds users that, as with all custom firmware, and especially with experimental nightly builds, inexperienced users are not advised to flash their devices as they could unintentionally "brick" them, resulting in a complete loss of functionality.
The latest stable version of CyanogenMod is version 7.1 based on Android 2.3 "Gingerbread".
See also:
CyanogenMod 9 to ship without default root access, a report from The H.
(fab)
In this post, we'll show you how to create a Ruby On Rails web application that dynamically generates masks for phone numbers. The source code for this project can be found here. When some one calls the mask, the call will get transferred to the actual number. This way, users can keep their actual phone numbers anonymous, for example, when conducting business online.
We will focus on the Tropo back-end side of things.
Steps:
Create a Ruby on Rails App and expose it to the internet via ngrok for local testing Create a Tropo Account if you have not already done so Create a Tropo Application specifically for this feature, and provide your ngrok url Provision a Tropo mask (phone number) with the same area code as the number you are masking Use the Tropo Ruby Web API to transfer calls made to the mask to the actual number
Create a Rails App and expose it via ngrok:
Ngrok is an application that allows you to expose a local server behind a NAT or firewall to the internet. Using ngrok, you can run your Rails app on your local machine (via the command “rails server”) and have the application be exposed to the internet.
One you have ngrok running, your local server will be exposed on a public URL such as: http://2b767f53.ngrok.io
This is the url we will provide to Tropo when creating a new Tropo app.
Here is the ngrok website: https://ngrok.com/
Every time some one masks a number through our app, we generate and store the mask (and number, if it's not already stored) in the database. We'll model this with two tables, a ‘mask' table storing the generated masks and a ‘number' table storing the number to which our masks will redirect. Here are the rails commands we used to create our models:
rails g model number number:string rails g model mask mask:string number:references
Basically, each number and mask is a phone number, and each mask is associated to a number.
Create a Tropo Account and Application:
If you haven't done so already, sign up for a new Tropo account and create a new application.
Here are the Tropo Docs that explain this process in detail: https://www.tropo.com/docs/
When asked to provide a script URL, select the Web API option. Feel free to provide a fake URL if your application is not yet set up. You can always change this later. Once you have it set up, make sure to provide the publicly accessible URL to your app (more on this in the Ruby Web API section). There's no need to add a number at this stage but feel free to do so.
Provision a mask
Below is an example of how to dynamically provision masks from your Rails application.
Here are the docs: https://www.tropo.com/docs/rest/tutorials/adding-number-based-prefix
# assumes number is prefixed with "+1" def self.generate_mask_for_number(number) uri = URI.parse("https://api.tropo.com/v1/applications/#{@@mask_app_id}/addresses") http = Net::HTTP.new(uri.host, uri.port) http.use_ssl = (uri.scheme == "https") request = Net::HTTP::Post.new(uri.request_uri) request.basic_auth(@@user, @@pass) request.set_form_data({'type' => 'number', 'prefix' => number[1...5]}) response = http.request(request) if response.code === '200' response_uri = JSON.parse(response.body)['href']; return extract_number_from_uri(response_uri) else puts 'generating mask with prefix ' + number[1...5] + ' failed with http ' + response.code + ' and message: ' + response.body return generate_random_mask_for_number(number) end end # assumes number is prefixed with "+1" def self.extract_number_from_uri(uri) index_of_plus = uri.index('+') return uri[index_of_plus..-1] end
I've used the Net:HTTP library built into Ruby, but you're welcome to use other libraries, such as HTTParty.
This method takes in a person's phone number and makes a POST request to https://api.tropo.com/v1/applications/#{@@mask_app_id}/addresses, where mask_app_id is the id of your Tropo application (not to be confused with app token). This id can be found in the url when visiting your Tropo application.
Your Tropo username and password are used for basic authentication. The form data specifies the type as ‘number', which is required. The prefix is optional, and specifies the prefix of the provisioned number, with ‘+' omitted. In the example, we are provisioning a mask with the same areacode as the number passed in to the method. The generate_random_mask_for_number method does the same thing, but sets the prefix to “1”, which causes Tropo to generate a random U.S. number.
Note that the number being passed in is assumed to be in international format. To help with phone number format issues, we recommend using a library such as Phonelib: https://github.com/daddyz/phonelib
If you're provisioning masks dynamically, it's important to keep track of the numbers and their masks, so that you can properly transfer calls. One way to do this is to to maintain a table of masks, and a table of numbers, where each mask belongs to a number.
Once a number is provisioned, you will see it listed in your Tropo application webpage.
Tropo Ruby Web API
When some one calls the mask (i.e., the Tropo provisioned number), Tropo will make a POST request to the voice URL you provided, and it expects a JSON response. Below is an example of using the Ruby Web API library to return a JSON string. This string tells Tropo to forward the call to the number associated with the mask. Make sure the URL you provided in your Tropo App leads to this method (e.g., http://2b767f53.ngrok.io/transfer is the url you provided and that gets routed to the transfer method in your config/routes.rb like so: post ‘/transfer', to: ‘transfers#transfer' ).
def transfer from = params[:session][:from][:id] to = params[:session][:to][:id] mask = Mask.find_by mask: Phonelib.parse(to).e164 number = mask.number.number t = Tropo::Generator.new t.transfer(:to => number, :from => from) render :json => (t.response) end
The from is the number of the person calling. The to is the mask. The number is the number associated with the mask, which we get from the database. Here are the Tropo docs for transferring a call:
https://www.tropo.com/docs/scripting/quickstarts/controlling-calls/transferring-call
And we're done! From now on, any calls to the mask will be forwarded to the actual number.
Check out our next blog post on adding a callback feature, coming soon.
Your father, his father, and his before that,
Your mother, her mother, and all the way back
Have kept a tradition by chance or by will
To each have a baby (or several) until
The flame's passed to you, but now you have a choice
So don't join the choir till you find your own voice.
Creating a person's a huge thing to try;
You can if you want, but first think about why:
Not to continue this age-old tradition
Not to be sure that your life has a mission
Not for a god or a country or norm, oh
Not for a lark, or the whim of a hormone
Not for a vague or instinctive desire
Not just to copy the folks you admire
Not out of fear you'll leave nothing behind
(Not that your DNA outdoes your mind)
Not 'cause you're bright so you should spread your genes
Not 'cause you're dim and don't know what that means
Not to rebel against Mum and Dad's view
Not because they want their vengeance on you
Not as a snake oil to quiet your fears
That you might feel a twinge of regret in ten years
Not when your body clock's ticking through dates
And you're always a sucker for ‘Buy now! Don't wait!'s
Not because well-behaved babes tug your heart
Not so your parents can relive that part
Not 'cause your partner would like to have some
Not 'cause you're grateful that Dad convinced Mum
Not 'cause you've thought of a name you must give
Or things you'd do better if you could relive
Not when a thoughtless mistake involved sex
Not 'cause you're married and that's what comes next
Not because all of your friends ask why not
Not because they're doing well with their lot
Not 'cause you're told that it's selfish to live
without making a beggar to whom you can give
Not because parents say nothing else matters
Not to add glue to a romance in tatters
Not because children learn more tricks than cats
Not to prove your kids would never be brats
Not so your welfare amount will be goin' up
Not 'cause you think it'll make you a grownup
Not so they'll pay for your food in old age
(for pyramid schemes have to collapse at some stage)
Not to fulfil a perceived need for love
Not if you're not sure, when push comes to shove
Not 'cause you read this and thought, ‘This'll show 'em!'
Not for the sentiment closing this poem.
But only because you adore helping youth
and can't think of life without living that truth.
You know that their life-long love's not guaranteed
and you're yearning to face unconditional need
of a boy, girl or intersexed, well, sick or crippled
dunce, saint or murderer, one, twins or tripled.
You're deeply concerned the resources you borrow
may add to the hardship of grandkids tomorrow
and realise your efforts to curb your consumption
are more than undone if you make the assumption
that your kids survive and continue to breed
and their kids spawn ever more hungers to feed.
If raising a person is your lifelong dream,
and not just a gesture to race with the team
then go ahead, try to conceive, but know this:
it's not just a baby that's made in all this.
You remake yourself as you start your new quest,
as parent first up, and then some of the rest.
From baby's perspective you've made the whole world;
you've led them from nowhere to cosmos unfurled.
So enjoy your big bang and enjoy your inflation,
And cherish your well-informed act of creation.
A few of my friends and family members have recently shared links about people who choose not to have children, which is apparently still considered an oddity. So last Sunday night while I should have been sleeping I started writing down my opinion on the matter. Some rhymes invaded, and around six and a half days later I gave birth to this word-baby. Perhaps I should use protection next time I sleep with my iPad.
While I plan not to become one myself, I have nothing against parents. I've heard that even those who didn't plan to become parents can find parenthood very rewarding, and worth everything they gave up for it, even if on average it makes people slightly less happy overall (according to studies I've read about, but haven't fully read yet, so won't link to until I'm sure of what they really say.) But that doesn't mean we should all do it. Our species is in the IUCN's ‘Least Concern' category for risk of extinction. There's no shortage of humans in this generation or the next; indeed, people in rich countries such as mine and almost certainly yours (given that you can read and access the internet) are already using up resources far more quickly than they can be replenished. So I would rather leave the reproduction to people who have truly always aspired to be parents, and not those who think they want to be or feel obliged to be for the reasons listed in the second stanza of this poem. It's a huge decision and not one that should be taken lightly. So make that decision, consciously, deliberately, for yourself and nobody else. Take your time.
Edit 8/8/2012: I changed ‘fulfil a perceived lack of love' to ‘fulfil a perceived need for love' because you can't really fulfil a lack, only fill a lack or fulfil a need. None of the alternatives for ‘fulfil' really satisfied me, though I'm not sure if I like ‘perceived need for love' since we all do need love; it's just that we might already have more than we realise. Any perceived lack of ‘l's is just because I'm using the British spelling of ‘fulfil'.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
From Superstorm Sandy to wildfires, droughts, and freakout temperatures, weather extremes have been hitting the United States hard. And simultaneously, a new scientific theory has emerged to explain much of this weather weirdness: Climate change is warming the Arctic more than the mid-latitudes, leading to a loopy jet stream and, in turn, all manner of weather extremes, including both heat waves and also excessive cold.
What's striking is that even as scientists continue to debate this idea, the public seems to buy into it. Or at least, that's the upshot of a new study in the International Journal of Climatology, reporting on a series of surveys of residents of the state of New Hampshire (whom, the paper notes, are pretty representative of Americans as a whole when it comes to their views on climate change). From Fall 2012 through Spring 2013, 1,500 Granite Staters were asked the following question: “If the Arctic region becomes warmer in the future, do you think that will have major effects, minor effects or no effects on the weather where you live?”
Here's the stunning result: 60 percent of respondents answered “major effects,” and another 29 percent answered “minor effects”—leaving just 11 percent saying “no effects” or professing that they did not know. Overall, then, 89 percent of these New Hampshire respondents thought changes in the Arctic would reverberate far beyond that region, and would affect their weather in the mid-latitudes. “Research on an Arctic/weather connection is new, but it seems to be reaching the public,” says Lawrence Hamilton, co-author of the study and a sociologist at the University of New Hampshire.
The study contained two additional noteworthy findings. First, in a reprisal of the notorious “smart idiot” effect, Democrats and Republicans polarized over the issue of the Arctic's influence on weather, and that polarization got worse with increasing levels of education. Thus, highly educated New Hampshire Republicans—GOPers with postgraduate degrees—were the least likely political group to accept the idea of an Arctic influence on their weather. Democrats with postgraduate degrees were just the opposite—they were the most likely to accept it.
Perhaps still more interesting, belief in an Arctic influence on the weather depended on…the weather. In the study, the researchers compared respondents' answers with the temperature on the day in which they were surveyed, and the temperature on the preceding day. They found that belief in an Arctic-weather connection increased with both abnormal heat and also abnormal cold:
One upshot of the research? That President Obama's new climate communication strategy—focused on talking about the weather, rather than talking about “green jobs”—gains some more empirical support in its favor. “Our results indicate some degree of public acceptance for scientists' global perspective in which Arctic change has consequences far outside the Arctic, and for studies showing that changing probabilities of extreme weather events are a key aspect of climate change,” says Hamilton.
In other words: It's the weather, stupid. People get it—and so, it seems, do politicians.
Voloshin has denied that he was involved in the loss of MH17
When he returned he was 'scared' saying MH17 was in the wrong place
A'secret witness' say he took off in a combat jet, armed with missiles
This is the first picture of the Ukrainian air force pilot alleged by pro-Russian rebels to have been the 'executioner' of the 298 victims on board doomed Malaysian Airlines flight MH17.
The Russian Investigative Committee - equivalent of the FBI - is calling for Captain Vladislav Voloshin to take a lie-detector test and face formal questioning, asserting there is compelling evidence against him which should be considered by the Dutch-led official probe.
Believed to be in his late 20s, he was named by stems from a 'secret witness' at his Dnipropetrovsk air base who says the pilot took off in his Su-17 combat jet on 17 July last year armed with air-to-air missiles.
Scroll down for video
This is the first picture of the Ukrainian air force pilot alleged by pro-Russian rebels to have been the 'executioner' of the 298 victims on board doomed Malaysian Airlines flight MH17
He returned without them soon after the Boeing 777 was blasted out of the sky, it is alleged.
After landing Voloshin was 'scared', muttering that the incoming 'aircraft' - supposedly MH17 - 'was in the wrong place at the wrong time', according to the unnamed Ukrainian serviceman, now under guard at a secret location in Russia.
The Investigative Committee, headed by Alexander Bastrykin, a former classmate of Vladimir Putin, insists that the witness has passed a polygraph test and his testimony is credible.
The Russian Investigative Committee - equivalent of the FBI - is calling for Captain Vladislav Voloshin to take a lie-detector test and face formal questioning, asserting there is compelling evidence against him which should be considered by the Dutch-led official probe
Volshin has not spoken directly on the loss of MH17 but denied through his superiors that he was responsible. Ukraine blames Russia for a crude propaganda stunt in naming him.
Since the horror, Moscow has repeatedly claimed that MH17 was shot down by a Ukrainian warplane in the skies close to the Malaysian plane, while also vigorously denying the West's analysis that it was hit by a BUK missile fired by pro-Moscow rebels.
The pro-Moscow rebel media in eastern Ukraine has already branded Voloshin as 'the pilot who shot down MH17', showing archive footage of him which it labels 'the future executioner'.
Believed to be in his late 20s, he was named by stems from a 'secret witness' at his Dnipropetrovsk air base who says the pilot took off in his Su-17 combat jet on 17 July last year armed with air-to-air missiles
The Investigative Committee, headed by Alexander Bastrykin, a former classmate of Vladimir Putin, insists that the witness has passed a polygraph test and his testimony is credible
'Let Voloshin take a lie-detector test with Dutch or Malaysian experts,' demanded Investigative Committee's spokesman Vladimir Markin.
'Representatives of the Russian Investigative Committee are ready to leave for Ukraine at short notice with all necessary equipment for testing pilot Voloshin and all others who might know anything about the crash.'
He demanded that the Ukrainian military should make a full disclosure of its flight logs on 17 July, the day MH17 was shot down, and allow Russia to interrogate its air traffic controllers.
Referring to Ukrainian secret services, he said: 'We're waiting for a response from the SBU.'
SBU official Markiyan Lubkivskyi insisted Voloshin was not engaged in combat flights on 17 July, the day MH17 was downed, and had not used weapons against aerial targets in the current conflict.
Voloshin denied he had shot down MH17, and had no idea why the allegation was being taken seriously in Russia
'The officer made no flights that day, and his aircraft was under repair because of damage inflicted during landing on 16 July,' he said, accusing Moscow of a bid to 'discredit' Ukraine.
Voloshin denied he had shot down MH17, and had no idea why the allegation was being taken seriously in Russia, he said.
The pilot has not spoken directly to the media over the incident.
Secretary of Ukraine's National Security and Defence Council, Oleksandr Turchynov, accused Moscow of using propaganda to 'hide the crimes organised by the Russian Federation, including against civilians' in relation to flight MH17.
He said: 'A great deal of evidence, including data from satellite observation, has proved that terrorist groups controlled by the Russian military shot down the passenger aircraft'.
Secretary of Ukraine's National Security and Defence Council, Oleksandr Turchynov, accused Moscow of using propaganda to 'hide the crimes organised by the Russian Federation, including against civilians' in relation to flight MH17
They used 'a Russian BUK surface-to-air-missile system', he said.
But Moscow is now poised to give its 'whistleblower' sanctuary under its witness protection programme, so preventing him being prosecuted in Ukraine, it is understood.
'As the witness may be in danger, investigators are considering providing him with state protection,' said Markin.
He already has a pseudonym 'in the interests of his security'.
'The facts and information that the witness possessed and shared - clearly and without getting confused - convince the investigators that his testimony is truthful, something that, by the way, a polygraph test has confirmed,' said Markin.
Six weeks after the MH17 crash, Voloshin's plane was shot down over eastern Ukraine. He ejected, and escaped from the rebel-held region
He 'personally' saw Voloshin's warplane 'loaded with R-60 type air-to-air missiles, with which Su-25 fighters were not normally equipped'.
His aircraft returned without these missiles.
Markin claimed the account supported other witnesses who testified that 'not long before the crash they saw a warplane in the air in close proximity to the passenger airliner.'
He said that 'the Investigative Committee will continue gathering and analysing all information about the disaster.
'If members of an international commission investigating the crash are indeed interested in finding out the truth and decide to request information from us, we are ready to share all available data.'
He is a graduate of Kharkiv Air Force University.Two days after the crash, he was among a number of airmen awarded the Order of Courage by Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko
The crash killed all the 298 people on board the Boeing, which was en route from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur
Six weeks after the MH17 crash, Voloshin's plane was shot down over eastern Ukraine. He ejected, and escaped from the rebel-held region.
He is a graduate of Kharkiv Air Force University.
Two days after the crash, he was among a number of airmen awarded the Order of Courage by Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko.
THE cost of delivering the SNP's government's flagship policy of free NHS prescriptions increased by more than £30 million, new findings on health service spending showed.
Scotland's NHS paid 3.5 per cent more to cover the costs of free medicines between April and December for 2014-15, than it did in the same period in the previous year, with the bill for the policy now standing at nearly £900m.
There were also 76.3 million medicines prescribed in the first nine months of 2014-15 – an increase of 1.7 million items – or 2.3 per cent – on that of the year before.
However, the latest figures revealed a surge in the take-up of prescribed medicines since the SNP ended the fees in 2011, when about 67 million items were handed out during the last nine months of the charging regime.
The SNP phased out the fees during its first term in office, after coming to power in 2007 on a platform of scrapping prescription charges, which stood at £6.85 per item eight years ago in Scotland.
The Conservatives said the recent sharp rise in NHS spending on free prescriptions showed the SNP's policy was “unsustainable” and starving the NHS of much-needed cash for frontline services.
However, Scotland's health secretary Shona Robison hit back and said Scottish patients benefitted from not being hit by charges for non-exempt patients in England that are due to rise to £8.20 today.
Ms Robison said: “Free prescriptions in Scotland mean that no-one is forced to decide which prescribed medicine they can afford and which they will have to go without.
“This is the right thing to do, and, unlike in England, means that those living with a long-term condition are not facing the on-going financial penalty of prescription charges just because they are unwell.”
Prescription charges were first introduced in the early 1950s – a few years after the creation of the UK's NHS – with non-exempt patients north and south of the Border forced to pay for medicines.
Pensioners and children are among those who do not pay for their prescriptions in England.
However, Ms Robison stated that the SNP would continue to use Holyrood devolved powers over health to deliver the policy, which Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy has pledged not to reverse.
Ms Robison added: “It remains our firm belief that healthcare should be free at the point of need – the founding principle of the NHS.”
However, Scottish Conservative health spokesman Jackson Carlaw said free prescriptions overwhelmingly benefited high earners, as he claimed the system was open to abuse.
He said: “These figures illustrate why the SNP's free prescription policy is just unsustainable.
“It makes no sense for those who are willing and able to pay for prescriptions, such as MSPs and higher-rate taxpayers, to receive them courtesy of ordinary taxpayers.”
Dr Jean Turner, executive director of the Scotland Patients' Association, warned that a return to charging people for medicines would harm those on low incomes.
She said: “The cost down south for patients such as those with asthmatic conditions for example adds up and is very expensive for those with small budgets.”
SNP MSP Bob Doris, the deputy convenor of Holyrood's health committee, said: “The SNP is utterly committed to keeping Scotland's NHS free and in public hands and in government we have upheld that principle by abolishing prescription charges and ending the tax on ill-health they represent.”
FOLLOW US
Twitter | Facebook | Google+
Subscribe to our DAILY NEWSLETTER (requires registration)
SCOTSMAN TABLET AND MOBILE APPS
iPhone | iPad | Android | Kindle
Top Shelf Productions will publish the solo debut graphic novel by acclaimed cartoonist Hannah Templer (Jem and the Holograms, GLOW). Written, drawn, and colored by Templer, Cosmoknights is a thrilling galactic adventure set in a world where mech-suited warriors duel over the daughters of the aristocracy, and a fledgling resistance of lady knights aim to bring down the system from within.
Templer will serialize Cosmoknights on its own dedicated web site, www.cosmoknights.space, beginning in March 2019 (International Women's Month), leading to its print publication in Fall 2019. Many retailers are already taking online pre-orders, including Amazon, Barnes & Noble, IndieBound, Hudson Booksellers, and Penguin Random House — or you can speak to your local shop.
For more on Cosmoknights, including an exclusive Q&A with Hannah Templer, visit today's article in The Hollywood Reporter!
Enlarge Image Josh Miller/CNET
Beginning Tuesday and ending on March 14, 2017, Google is launching its Project Zero Security Contest, which will award cash prizes to contestants who can hack a Nexus 6P and 5X knowing only the devices' phone number and email address.
For the exploit to occur, a user can open an email in Gmail or an SMS text in Messenger. However, no other user interaction beyond that is allowed. Contestants must use the same bug on both Nexus devices, unless it takes advantage of a security feature one handset has that the other does not (in that case, unique bugs can be used).
The winning entry will receive $200,000 (about £151,721, AU$268,391), while the second place winner will get $100,000 (£75,860, AU$134,195). Third prize is worth at least $50,000 (£37,930, AU$67,097). Winners will also write a technical report describing their entry, which will then be featured on the Project Zero blog.
For more information, check out the official rules here.
Thousand-robot swarm self-assembles into arbitrary shapes
There is something magical about seeing 1,000 robots move, when humans are not operating any of them. In a new study published in Science, researchers have achieved just that. This swarm of 1,000 robots can assemble themselves into complex shapes without the need for a central brain or a human controller.
Self-assembly of this kind can be found in nature – from molecules forming regular crystals and cells forming tissues, to ants building rafts to float on water and birds flocking to avoid becoming prey. Complex forms emerge from local interactions among thousands, millions or even trillions of limited and unreliable individual elements.
These self-organised systems have interesting features. First, they are decentralised – that is, they don't need a central brain or leader. Second, they are scalable – so you can add large numbers of individuals. Third, they are robust – individuals that are unreliable don't break the system.
Inspired by self-assembly in nature, Radhika Nagpal, Michael Rubenstein and Alex Cornejo at Harvard University developed a self-assembling swarm of 1,024 robots. These kilobots – where a kilo stands for 1,024 – can form complex 2D shapes including a star, a wrench and the letter “k”.
How self-assembly happened. (source:Michael Rubenstein, Harvard University)
What makes it exceptional is that, before the kilobot, most swarms were limited to less than 100 robots.
When planning the kilobot, first challenge was to build a large swarm that was affordable and easy to use. This required completely rethinking how robots are designed. The constraints meant that the robot had limited capabilities. They created a coin-sized robot that could move on three stick-legs using two vibrating motors. It could communicate with neighbouring robots using infrared light, signal its state by changing a colour LED and sense ambient light.
No GPS-like system was available for them to know their location in the environment. Instead, robots had to form a virtual coordinate system using communication with, and measured distances to, neighbours.
Manual manipulations of individual robots had to be minimal, imagine pressing the “on” or “off” button on 1,024 robots. The robots also needed to be easy to charge and reprogramme. Charging was initiated by sandwiching all the robots between two conductive surfaces. Reprogramming was done wirelessly through an overhead controller that would send information to all robots about experiments to run.
With the robots ready, the Nagpal team had to develop an algorithm which could guarantee that large numbers of robots, with limited capabilities and local communication, could cooperatively self-assemble into user-specified shapes. This is what they came up with.
First, all the robots are put together in an unformed blob and are given an image of the desired shape to be built. Four specially programmed seed robots are then added to the edge of the group, marking the position and orientation of the shape. These seed robots emit a message that propagates to each robot in the blob and allows them to know how “far” away from the seed they are and their relative coordinates. Robots on the edge of the blob then follow the edge until they reach the desired location in the shape that is growing in successive layers from the seed.
The algorithm had to account for unreliable robots that are pushed out of their desired location or block other robots performing their functions. Nagpal's team overcame this challenge by implementing strategies that allowed robots to rely on their neighbours to cooperatively monitor for faults. They also avoided relying too heavily on exact positioning within the shape boundaries.
This is the second Science paper this year on swarm robotics from Nagpal's lab. Their previous work looked at construction of three-dimensional structures without the need for any leader using termite-inspired robots.
After years of research in this area, it looks like we are finally reaching a tipping point where both hardware and algorithms can build large-scale robotic swarms , at least in the labs. These swarms have the potential to help us understand natural self-organised systems by providing fully engineered physical systems on which to do experiments. They also enable the first steps towards creating artificial swarms for real-world applications, including disaster relief, environmental monitoring and maybe even art.
This article is co-published with the The Conversation.
Robohub is an online platform that brings together leading communicators in robotics research, start-ups, business, and education from around the world. Learn more about us here. If you liked this article, you may also be interested in:
See all the latest robotics news on Robohub, or sign up for our weekly newsletter.
Photo credit: Dyn
A hacker us renting access to a massive Mirai botnet, which they claim has more than 400,000 infected bots, ready to carry out DDoS attacks at anyone's behest.
For our readers unfamiliar with Mirai, this is a malware family that targets embedded systems and Internet of Things (IoT) devices and has been used in the past two months to launch the largest DDoS attacks known to date.
Previous high-profile victims included French Internet service provider OVH (1.1 Tbps), managed DNS service provider Dyn (size unknown), and the personal blog of investigative journalist Brian Krebs (620 Gbps), who at the time, had just recently uncovered an Israeli DDoS-for-Hire service called vDos.
400K botnet spawned from original Mirai source code
After the OVH and Krebs DDoS attacks, the creator of this malware open-sourced Mirai, so other crooks could deploy their own botnets and cover some of the malware creator's tracks.
According to a Flashpoint report, this is exactly what happened, with multiple Mirai botnets popping up all over the web, as small-time crooks tried to set up their personal DDoS cannons.
Two security researchers that go online only by their nicknames, 2sec4u and MalwareTech, have been tracking some of these Mirai-based botnets via the @MiraiAttacks Twitter account and the MalwareTech Botnet Tracker.
The two say that most of the Mirai botnets they follow are relatively small in size, but there is one much much bigger than most.
"You can see when they [massive botnet operators] launch DDoS attacks because the graph on my tracker drops by more than half," MalwareTech told Bleeping Computer. "They have more bots than all the other Mirai botnets put together."
400K Mirai botnet available for renting
In a spam campaign carried out via XMPP/Jabber started yesterday, a hacker has begun advertising their own DDoS-for-hire service, built on the Mirai malware.
The two claim to be in the control of a Mirai botnet of 400,000 devices, albeit we couldn't 100% verify it's the same botnet observed by 2sec4u and MalwareTech (more on this later).
A redacted version of the spam message is available below, along with the ad's text.
Rent from The Biggest Mirai Botnet (400k+ devices)
We use 0day exploits to get devices - not only telnet and ssh scanner.
Anti ddos mitigation techniques for tcp/udp.
Limited spots - Minimum 2 week spot.
Flexible plans and limits.
Free short test attacks, if we have time to show.
Botnet developed by reputable hacker
The hacker behind this botnet is BestBuy, also known as Popopret, the same hacker behind the GovRAT malware that was used to breach and steal data from countless of US companies. More details about their previous endeavors are available in an InfoArmor report relesed this autumn. BestBuy is part of a core group of hackers that were active on the infamous Hell hacking forum, considered at one point the main meeting place for many elite hackers.
Bleeping Computer reached out to BestBuy via Jabber, but the hacker declined to answer some of our questions, not to expose sensitive information about their operation and their identities.
Botnet isn't cheap
According to the botnet's ad and what BestBuy told us, customers can rent their desired quantity of Mirai bots, but for a minimum period of two weeks.
"Price is determined by amount of bots (more bots more money), attack duration (longer = more money), and cooldown time (longer = discount)," BestBuy told Bleeping Computer.
Customers don't get discounts if they buy larger quantities of bots, but they do get a discount if they use longer DDoS cooldown periods.
"DDoS cooldown" is a term that refers to the time between consecutive DDoS attacks. DDoS botnets use cooldown times to avoid maxing out connections, filling and wasting bandwidth, but also preventing devices from pinging out and disconnecting during prolonged attack waves.
BestBuy provided an example: "price for 50,000 bots with attack duration of 3600 secs (1 hour) and 5-10 minute cooldown time is approx 3-4k per 2 weeks." As you can see, this is no cheap service.
Once the botnet owners reach an agreement with the buyer, the customer gets the Onion URL of the botnet's backend, where he can connect via Telnet and launch his attacks.
400K botnet has evolved, added new features
Compared to the original Mirai source code that was leaked online at the start of October, the botnet BestBuy is advertising has undergone a serious facelift.
The original Mirai botnet was limited to only 200,000 bots. As security researcher 2sec4u told Bleeping Computer, this was because the Mirai malware only came with support for launching brute-force attacks via Telnet, and with a hardcoded list of 60 username & password combinations.
The 200K limit is because there are about only 200,000 Internet-connected devices that have open Telnet ports and use one of the 60 username & password combinations.
BestBuy expanded the Mirai source by adding the option to carry out brute-force attacks via SSH, but also added support for the malware to exploit a zero-day vulnerability in an unnamed device. 2sec4u says he suspected new Mirai malware variants might use exploits and zero-days, but this is currently unconfirmed since nobody reverse-engineered recent versions of the Mirai malware binary to confirm Popopret's statements.
The 400K botnet might be "Botnet #14"
BestBuy also advertised another new feature, which is the ability to bypass some DDoS mitigation systems by spoofing (faking) the bot's IP address. Previous versions of the Mirai malware didn't include this feature.
2sec4u confirmed in a private conversation that some of the newly-spawned Mirai botnets can carry out DDoS attacks by spoofing IP addresses.
The same feature was seen by MalwareTech, who tweeted about it three days ago. In a private conversation, MalwareTech confirmed that the big Mirai botnet they were tracking was capable of bypassing DDoS mitigation systems.
On Twitter, the @MiraiAttacks account tracks this huge botnet as "Botnet #14." This is the same botnet that was used in an attempt to bring down one of Liberia's Internet service providers.
Hacker refuse live test, attribution gets tricky
In private conversations with BestBuy, the hacker respectfully declined to provide evidence of their botnet's capabilities. Bleeping Computer asked the hacker to run a demo DDoS attack on a test server or at least a screenshot of their backend.
The two also declined to take credit for any DDoS attack that might tie their botnet's infrastructure to previous attacks. When asked if their botnet was used in any high-profile attacks, Popopret said: "we do not monitor our clients."
Popopret was very aware that 2sec4u and MalwareTech were tracking his botnet. Despite the hacker refusing to carry out a test DDoS attack, their reputation, their reluctance to expose their infrastruture in any way, clues in their XMPP ad, and the observations of security researchers, point to the fact that BestBuy is most likely the operator of the largest Mirai botnet known today.
BestBuy also provided an interesting tidbit of information, revealing that he had access to the Mirai source code, long before it went public, showing some possible connections to Mirai's creator, a hacker that goes by the nickname of Anna-senpai.
While the two appear to be in charge of the most developed Mirai botnet after the original died down, other botnets have evolved with their own set of features as well, albeit not as complex as Botnet #14. For example, Incapsula detected a Mirai botnet capable of launching DDoS attacks via STOMP, a messaging protocol generally used by servers.
Filmmaker James O'Keefe said on Monday that Project Veritas will be releasing the results of the organization's largest investigations ever. The Project, said O'Keefe, will lead to some people in mainstream media to be fired.
“In the coming weeks, you're going see one of the biggest investigations this organization has ever done, It's a continuation of American Pravda series. It's aimed at the media. We're going after their holy grail.”
O'Keefe — who previously exposed corruption among Democratic operatives during the 2016 campaign hinted the size of this current operation is larger than anything previously seen, watch below.
There will be more #AmericanPravda videos coming soon. To get more hard-hitting investigations, please donate:https://t.co/hYun70OejV pic.twitter.com/USpE5eQA4p — Project Veritas (@Project_Veritas) September 18, 2017
Enjoy this article? ‘Like' Claps News on Facebook!
What I think Chait misses, though, is the extent to which Rob Portman's intellectual and moral mediocrity points to an amazing strategic victory by the gay rights movement. As Chait says, Portman's reversal on this issue appears to boil down to pure selfishness. But...there are many issues where selfishness, no matter how pure, does not translate into political action. As just one example, there is, and has long been, a great deal of evidence that women are routinely given Cesareans for no medical purpose. Yet, while there are many mothers who are needlessly subjected to this major abdominal surgery, those mothers and their loved ones do not, for the most part, become advocates for laws legalizing midwifery, or for changes in birth practices. Even though these women have a personal experience of policy failure and injustice, that experience does not translate into political action, because they simply do not see those personal experiences in political terms.
Portman, on the other hand, does see his personal experience with gay issues in political terms. That's not because he's especially sensitive or thoughtful—there is no reason to think he is either. Rather, it's because gay rights advocates have been so successful in linking the personal and the political together that even the most unreflective career pol can't help but connect them.
In large part, gay activists have done this precisely by focusing on marriage. As Michael J. Klarman explained in his recent book, From the Closet to the Altar, there was much tension in the gay rights movement over the strategic decision to focus on same-sex marriage. Many activists wanted instead to concentrate on anti-discrimination laws, or even on civil unions. The focus on same-sex marriage—a focus determined by individuals on the ground as much as by national organizations or activists—resulted in many setbacks and defeats, and energized Republicans for years. Anti-gay marriage ballot measures may well have given Bush the state of Ohio and the presidency in 2004.
But while there were downsides, the focus on gay marriage has also had huge successes—and one of those successes is the way in which it has so forcefully connected personal and family ties to politics. Marriage—he is public acknowledgement of personal commitment—has become the symbol for gay rights. And as a result, Rob Portman cannot look at his gay son without seeing that that his gay son's family—Portman's family—is a political issue that requires a political stance.
Portman's op-ed makes him sound like someone who, faced with a moral dilemma, has muddled through as best he can with the least thought and effort possible. The fact is, though, that most of us, most of the time, are more like Rob Portman than we are like, say, Mildred Loving, the woman whose Supreme Court case overturned the laws against interracial marriage. The marriage equality movement, like any moral movement, has been built by activists with great struggle and courage. But it's success is measured by the fact that it has framed the issues in question such that even the selfish and small-minded can, given a little push by their families, make the right choices. Portman is not an inspiring figure. But there is something inspiring in realizing that the movement has reached a point where even someone like him finds it easier to make the right choice than the wrong one.
Fulham boss Kit Symons is reluctantly heading towards calling time on his involvement with the Welsh national side.
The manager has been sidekick to former Whites boss Chris Coleman since January 2012, and was originally given a green light by Whites club owner and chairman Shahid Khan to keep a foot in both camps.
Now, Symons admits D-Day approaches on whether to continue in what could be Wales's finest hour in 57 years as they strive for European qualification after the international against Belgium on June 12.
Symons is clearly reluctant to give up Wales, especially now when things are going so well, but admitted he knows where his bread is buttered.
“I'll do what's right for Fulham,” he said.
“They're my club and they pay my wages. Quite often, I'm only away with Wales for a couple of days, but I'll assess. The build-up to Wales games doesn't impact, but situations change. I'll get the balance right, and there's no Welsh game until June. Then l'll talk with the chairman.”
Symons can plan for next season after Millwall lost 2-0 at Blackburn last night. The limping Lions were the only side left who could have dragged Whites back into relegation fight, but after defeat at Ewood Park, Symons and Fulham are mathematically sure of Championship status.
Keep up to date with all the build-up, matchday and post-game reaction to Fulham v Middlesbrough right here on GetWestLondon
Transport for London's latest consultation on the East-West cycle superhighway show a big hole in the route - and it's been reported that officials at the Royal Parks are refusing to allow safe space for cycling outside Buckingham Palace. Under the current plans, the cycle superhighway vanishes by the Queen Victoria Memorial next to Buckingham Palace. Cyclists will be expected to use the existing shared-use area – mixing with thousands of pedestrians at one of London's most popular tourist destinations. If cyclists choose to use the carriageway instead, they will have to mix with six lanes of motor traffic on the unacceptably dangerous Spur Rd gyratory.
London Cycling Campaign is urging the Royal Parks to give permission for the East-West cycle superhighway to continue, on dedicated, segregated cycle track, in front of the Queen Victoria Memorial. Otherwise there will be high risk of collision between all road users in the area of the Memorial, including the millions of tourists who visit Green Park each year.
(Click on the map for a bigger version)
Rosie Downes, Campaigns Manager at London Cycling Campaign said: “This is the Mayor's flagship East-West cycle superhighway. It's had support from thousands, and hundreds of thousands of others have been looking forward to their promised high quality, segregated route from East to West London. To now suggest that this flagship cycle superhighway should have a 300 metre gap in it directly outside the iconic location of Buckingham Palace is frankly embarrassing. When you factor in the fact that cyclists will be expected to either share space with thousands of tourists, or share road space with six lanes of motor traffic, it becomes downright dangerous.
We sincerely hope Royal Parks will give permission for the East-West cycle superhighway to continue, on dedicated, segregated cycle track, in front of the Queen Victoria Memorial. Otherwise there will be high risk of collision between all road users in the area of the Memorial, including the millions of tourists who visit Green Park each year."
Since the Evening Standard covered the story, the Royal Parks have tweeted that no final decisions have been made:
LCC is urging people to write to Royal Parks to urge them to change their mind via bit.ly/royalballsup
Further information about the plans can be found on the Transport for London website. The consultation closes on 29th March.
TAMPA — Students gathered outside the University of South Florida library Thursday afternoon, prepared for another night of camp-outs to demand the ability to study at all hours of the night.
Melissa Garzon passed out pens, encouraging students to write letters to administrators, when news cameras started to convene in the grass. Everyone walked over to see what was happening. They stood there, absorbing the announcement.
The students had been heard.
After a hotly contested reduction in library hours, administrators announced that the Tampa campus library will return to a schedule of being open 24 hours a day, five days a week, possibly within a week's time.
"I've met many students who have stayed the night out here, writing letters and making their voices heard," said student body president William Warmke, 22, appearing at a news conference with interim vice president of student affairs Tom Miller.
"Especially as a student," he said, "that takes a lot to stand up for what you believe in."
University officials met Thursday with Warmke. In a time of economic duress, the school will find $136,000 in its academic affairs budget to cover salaries to keep the library open all night. Those funds are recurring, officials said, so the issue of library hours should not come up again.
University leaders said they will cut the budget elsewhere to make up for the expense, but they had not settled on exactly where.
"We want to respond to our students," Miller said. "We met with Will and came to the conclusion that this is just going to take too long, which is not acceptable, so we had to find an immediate solution."
There might be something in the academic affairs budget that student activity and service fees could help cover to make up the difference, Warmke said, but it would have to go through a long process of approval first.
"We understand the major crisis that all universities and the system are facing with budget cuts," Warmke said. "We want to do anything we can to help as long as it's within our realm."
The library extended hours to 24 hours a day five days a week several years ago when student government pushed for it.
At the start of the fall semester, the library reduced hours by closing at midnight Monday through Thursday and Sunday, and at 6 p.m. Friday and Saturday.
Garzon organized a "sit-out" page on Facebook, encouraging students to study outside the library in the middle of the night. Students camped out to sunrise Aug. 30, and 1,600 signed a petition asking for the hours to be restored. They had planned a second sit-out for Thursday night.
"Why did it take students coming out and sitting outside the library for 12 hours before they did something about it?" asked student Ryan Emison, 19. "The money was here."
When she heard news of restored hours, Garzon burst into happy tears. It was her 20th birthday.
Not everyone realizes how the college experience has changed, she said, how some students are parents or have to work jobs at odd hours.
"No one was speaking up," she said. "Someone had to start something, had to let the university know we were upset. We can't just complain about it. Change won't happen."
After the announcement, Garzon grabbed a white poster board and a marker. She scrawled "WE WON!" in big, black letters and taped it to the library wall.
Stephanie Hayes can be reached at [email protected] or (813) 226-3394.
The Halibut Hammer
Every so often I'll be diving without my gun and I'll run into a nice halibut. During the day they are sneaky little bastards, I've seen them buried up completely with just their mouth exposed or just see part of their tail. Even with a gun the smart ones won't let me get close, they'll wait until the last second and then throw sand up in my face and take off. I've had several dodges the shaft mid flight, I still don't know how they do it.
For years I've been trying to find halibut but almost never got any. Part of it is because I'm lame, the other is because I have the attention span of a hyperactive four year old. Usually I'd give it a shot for about ten minutes and then go back to hunting the reef. It would be my buddies John and Mike who would show me pity and finally teach me the ropes. Mike would show me exactly where a halibut would be hiding and I'd come back to the surface and tell him “dude I don't see anything”. He'd go back down and place his gun pointing at the damn thing and I'd go down and look and come back up, “dude I don't see anything”. Finally he'd poke the bastard and it would take off. This would happen several times before I got the hang of spotting them. I kept working at it and then one day John told me a spot where I would end up spearing my biggest one, a fat 24 pounders.
One FAT halibut!
I kept working at it, every year I'd get a little better and then I'd get a few. This year was epic. I spent a lot of time hunting pv before it closed and found exactly the type of habitat they liked. I spent hours working the sand until I patterned where they would be and almost every trip I'd see a few. I'd go for a few hours after work and nail a couple. They would become one of my favorite fish to hunt, there is nothing like combing over the sand and seeing that scowling face burried.
One of my better days from PV before it closed
At night thought it's a different game. For some unknown reason to me, halibut just aren't as sketchy at night and I'd see a few when I'm lobster diving, of course every time I'd be without a gun.
One of my buddies suggested I talk to Dean at Vector Marine. Vector Marine is a spearshaft shop in Hawaiian Gardens. I told Dean I wanted a very short hammer, shorter than anything he's really made. I wanted an 8″ shaft with a double flopper on the end, I figured I'd have a better chance of getting the hammer to stick with two floppers, I'd rather spook fifty fish than chance tearing off one.
The very first time I was out hunting bugs I saw a nice halibut but the surge was so great that I bumped into it as I was hastily reaching for the hammer. The second time out I again saw another one that spooked as I got close. Dammit! But that same night as I was dropping on the sandy reef I saw the outline of a very large halibut sitting on the edge of the swaying surfgrass. I immediately knew it was well over legal, and I carefully unsheathed the hammer. I took another breath of air and dropped down and tried to approach it as carefully as possible, hammer in one hand and light in the other way ahead of the halibut so I wouldn't spook it. As I got close I reached back and punched forward.
The fish rose off the bottom and started kicking madly around so I reached around and carefully grabbed the bottom of the hammer and kicked towards the surface. Success! I ended up grabbing it by the gills and then used the hammer to brain it (thanks science mike for the write-up on braining halis!).
The fish was no giant, maybe 12 pounds or so but I was pretty happy to have it stuffed in my mori bag along with several bugs. It ended up making a great fish and lobster dinner :).
Unfortunately I ended up losing the hammer on one of my other trips, the bungee must have tangled on the kelp that I was kicking through. I ended up making some changes and asked Dean to make me another one, this one with a smaller T and holes drilled on both sides to attach the bungee. The bungee runs in a loop around the bottom of the sheath, the same way I run my dive knife, it also acts like a safety in case I drop the hammer unexpectedly. I used an old scubapro knife sheath and zipped tied a piece of pvc to hold the hammer inside it and painted the entire thing black. Dean also heat treated it so it would remain dark, and I also wrapped the handle with black electric tape because I wanted as little flash as possible and I'm pretty sure this one is going to be perfect.
Unfortunately the swell has been up the last few weeks and I haven't had time to try it out again. But I'd bet my life that I'll have a few more halibut fall to the hammer over the next few years 🙂
Advertisements
Forge Club closes doors in Vernon Hills
hello
The revocation of two liquor licenses has officially ended the run of a throwback supper club that had operated for more than 40 years on Milwaukee Avenue in Vernon Hills.
The Forge Club once was a members-only refuge for well-dressed patrons who favored steak Diane and fine Scotch from what was said to be one of the largest selections in the country. It was a mixture of elegance and rustic charm set far enough back in the trees from Milwaukee Avenue that you would miss it unless you knew it was there.
But there were no going-out-of-business specials, and indications are the restaurant at 634 S. Milwaukee Ave. closed to customers several weeks ago.
Earlier this fall, the Illinois Liquor Control Commission found the liquor license holder, Chestnut & Oaks LLC of Buffalo Grove, had failed to pay a $1,050 balance to the commission and had failed to pay more than $36,380 in sales and other taxes. It also found the company had failed to file and pay a balance of more than $15,742 in withholding tax, and ordered the license revoked.
Chestnut & Oaks was given the opportunity delay action by paying $15,000, but the deadline passed and the license was revoked Nov. 5.
Village officials followed suit after becoming aware of the circumstances. On Tuesday, the Vernon Hills liquor and license commission revoked the Forge's licenses for package and on-premise liquor sales.
"They don't exist anymore," Village Manager Mike Allison said.
Chris Gentes, executive director of the Lake County Municipal League, said she learned from business owner Henry Markwood shortly before a scheduled Nov. 14 banquet for 100 attendees that it wouldn't be worth opening for dinner without a liquor license. Both a state and local liquor license are required to operate legally.
"We scrambled to find another place," she said. "I was very lucky the event was a Thursday evening and not (on) a weekend."
Gentes said she has not received word on her $600 deposit.
Markwood could not be reached, and the murky end belied the success of a business that had become an anachronism in the restaurant industry.
The 300-seat club was founded in 1970 and modeled after the Anvil Club in East Dundee, according to Bill Pigati, who owned the business for 18 years until Markwood took over a few years ago. Rustic inside and out, it was built to resemble a blacksmith shop, he added.
Dues were about $300 to $400 per year, and new members had to be referred by existing members. Until the end, the menu featured table-side service of dishes such as Dover sole and old-school favorites like oysters Rockefeller.
"It was a great place. It was a way to entertain very well," Pigati said.
In the early days, one of the original owners "would swish through the dining room, dressed to the nines," recalled Pigati, whose family owns Del Rio restaurant in Highwood.
The club thrived with quality food, customer service and attention to detail as watchwords. But the economic crash took its toll. Membership was opened to the public for the first time in September 2009.
The restaurant landscape has changed dramatically, Pigati said. No new high-end restaurants are being built, and many have gone under. Highwood used to have 40 restaurants, for example, but now has 11.
Pigati owns the building and the 5 acres on which The Forge Club sits and has it listed for sale or lease.
Image copyright Eric Thayer/Getty Image caption FCC Chairman Ajit Pai was named by President Donald Trump in January.
Top US communications regulator Ajit Pai has proposed reversing net neutrality rules for internet service providers.
The Obama-era measures prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to certain internet services over others.
Those who fought to get the rules passed said his proposal would set off a fierce political battle.
Mr Pai announced the plan to roll back net neutrality measures in Washington.
"Do we want the government to control the internet? Or do we want to embrace the light-touch approach" in place from 1996 until 2015, he said.
Mr Pai was named as Federal Communications Commission chair by President Donald Trump.
Neutrality fear over Trump appointee
Anger as US internet privacy law scrapped
He said the current framework discourages the spread of high-speed internet to poor and rural communities.
"Title II has kept countless consumers from getting better internet access or getting access, period. It is widening the digital divide in our country."
The commission plans to seek comment on new rules - including how to address questions such as paid prioritization for some traffic - in the coming months.
Mr Pai was first appointed to the FCC by former US president Barack Obama and voted against the rules in 2015.
His plan for a roll back places him on the side of internet providers such as Comcast, AT&T and Verizon, which have opposed the rules.
In the 2015 debate, many people - galvanised in part by firms such as Netflix - wrote in support of net neutrality provisions.
The Georgetown University Master's in Cybersecurity Risk Management prepares you to navigate todays complex cyber threats. Take classes online, on campus, or through a combination of both -- so you dont have to interrupt your career. Learn more.
There's just never a dull moment here in the Linux blogosphere, whether there's big news being made at the moment or not.
Some weeks, we have wild activity surrounding the latest moves from Canonical, for example, or perhaps Adobe's latest affront; such happenings are virtually guaranteed to generate some lively conversation.
Even in other weeks, though, where the news days might seem slower, there's never a shortage of things to talk about.
Case in point? Just last Monday, when all the Linux world was still waking up from the weekend, a lone voice rang out with the question, "is open source anti-profit?"
A hush quickly fell over the Linux blogosphere as FOSS fans far and wide pondered the implications.
'Some Think It Is Immoral'
It was ITworld's Brian Proffitt who gave voice to the troubling question after reading a recent interview with Eucalyptus CEO Marten Mickos by New York Times blogger Quentin Hardy.
"Some people in open source think it is immoral to make a profit. I don't,'" Mickos said.
"I do not think that this opinion is held by the majority (or even plurality) of the FLOSS community," Proffitt asserted. "I will lay this out, but I will also most definitely invite commentary."
'It's Not Wrong'
Ask for commentary here in the Linux blogosphere, and you'll most surely get it. A week or so later, in fact, the din still hasn't died down.
Is it wrong to profit from FOSS?
Down at the blogosphere's Google+ Grill -- Linux Girl's new favorite haunt -- she picked up her Quick Quotes Quill and started taking down some of what was said.
"No, I believe it's not" wrong to profit from FOSS, Google+ blogger Alessandro Ebersol opined.
"But to profit a lot from Open Source, while projects die for lack of resources, this is immoral, by my book," Ebersol added. "So, if Open Source is being good to you, be good to Open Source too, IMHO."
Indeed, "Red Hat exemplifies how a 'successful' open source company operates in a non-exploitive fashion," noted Dietrich Schmitz.
Profitability = Continuity?
"Hmmm...I love eBooks," began Google+ blogger Kevin O'Brien. "I love audiobooks. I love music. I will look for files I can legally purchase that are unencumbered by DRM.
"I would hope that the people who sell them to me are making a profit, because if they are they will continue to sell them to me," O'Brien added. "Would something similar apply in the software world? I suspect it might."
Similarly, "no one objects to people or businesses making a profit using FLOSS," blogger Robert Pogson told Linux Girl.
'Money Is Not the Root of All Evil'
"One of the four freedoms is to run the software," Pogson explained. "Where it gets tricky is selling licenses. Since FLOSS may legally be copied, that does not work. Selling services does work, very well."
Google and Red Hat have both "done very well giving software away while charging for some associated service," he pointed out. "That's a good model for everyone because it allows sharing and people doing what they enjoy and are good at doing."
On the other hand, "look at the bizarre restrictions M$ has to place on its software in order to make a living," Pogson noted. "Money is not the root of all evil -- love of money is. If you love money enough to abuse everyone around you to get it, you will die alone and miserable."
'I'm Happy to Pay for TLC'
Slashdot blogger yagu took a similar view.
"I've never had an issue with people profiting from Open Source," yagu told Linux Girl. "In fact, I can think of no business model that makes any sense without profits."
Besides, "starting with 'free' software doesn't guarantee profitability -- free is misleading," yagu pointed out. "Profits come from good products, and while there are plenty of good OSS applications, good isn't enough.
"I'm all for someone turning an OSS application into a product, aka, software with great service!" he added. "I'm happy to pay for TLC and see OSS members make money."
'Bad Actors on Both Sides'
Part of the issue is that "there are bad actors on both sides: pedantics from OSS who scream at any hint of business and profits, and poseurs from business who violate GPL while walking away with bunches of unearned cash," yagu suggested. "Remove these groups, and the landscape looks more familiar, people creating products and services at fair market values for people willing to pay for a product."
That, in turn, "is a good thing, IMO," he concluded. "Not saying there shouldn't be due diligence in tracking down those who take advantage of OSS -- just that there shouldn't be anything stopping good faith business from making their living too, even with OSS."
There's nothing wrong with making a profit from open source, agreed Chris Travers, a Slashdot blogger who works on the LedgerSMB project.
'I Have Never Encountered Hostility'
"I have been in business for 8 years and have never encountered hostility due to the fact I make money off open source software," Travers told Linux Girl.
"Certainly there is some hostility (including from me) towards making money selling software licenses, but even that has been largely normalized by the single-vendor solutions folks," he explained. "There is also hostility towards interfering with other people making a profit (by trying to get a legal stranglehold on aftermarket documentation or the like)."
Still, "those aren't the same things as hostility towards making a profit," he concluded. "Rather, they represent pervasive hostility in the open source community towards certain ways in which one can make a profit."
'The Busted Toilet Problem'
Without a way for people to actually make money off their work, "what you get frankly is what we have now with Linux on the desktop: junk," opined Slashdot blogger hairyfeet.
That's because of what hairyfeet calls the "busted toilet" problem: "Sure you might write a song or come up with a cool gadget for the betterment of all, but would you get on your hands and knees and clean and fix that disgusting overflowing toilet down the hall for absolutely nothing?
"Of course not -- it's disgusting!" he added. "And THAT is why the whole 'Never make money, GPL has to be free as in beer' BS simply doesn't work, because for every job that is fun and exciting you have a dozen jobs like the guy that has to clean the puke off the floor at the Chuck E Cheese."
Microsoft and Apple both "literally have to spend hundreds of millions of dollars for those busted toilet jobs with THEIR OSes," he pointed out.
'The Hard Work License'
Instead, a new license is needed, hairyfeet suggested -- "one that will allow companies like Canonical to actually survive fixing the busted toilets while still keeping 'free as in freedom.' Let's call it the 'hard work' license, since I think most of us would agree if we do a bunch of hard work we deserve to be paid."
Among the stipulations of such a license would be the following: "1. You are free to look at the code; 2. You are free to modify it for personal use; 3. If you want to distribute it YOU MUST PAY for the code," hairyfeet explained.
Barbara Hudson, a blogger on Slashdot who goes by "Tom" on the site, had a different perspective.
'You Don't Need Software to Live'
"Unless you have a pacemaker or some other device with a chip in it keeping you alive, you don't need software to live," Hudson began. "You do need food, shelter, and clothing. Nobody has an issue with anyone making a profit selling you these necessities of life, but somehow, software is different. 'Information wants to be free!'"
It seems that "there are only three options that work over the long term -- using FOSS as the basis for Software-as-a-Service, using restrictive vendor-specific support agreements, or hiding FOSS inside closed hardware," Hudson explained. "Consider the three examples in the article," she went on. "Red Hat doesn't make their money selling FOSS, and your Red Hat support subscription limits how you use the software. Suse is on life support -- again -- being bailed out -- again -- by another $100 million, 4-year 'Linux certificates deal' by Microsoft -- again. Canonical? Unprofitable -- again."
'Nothing Left to Lose'
Ultimately, "FOSS is not immune to the law of unforeseen consequences," she added. "Given the impossibility of making money from FOSS software sales, businesses have turned elsewhere, and the revenue generator of choice is invasive, pervasive advertising."
To wit: "It's sad that FOSS is both the driver and the enabler of the on-line cyber-stalking that Google and Facebook are so dependent on," Hudson pointed out. "These FOSS-based companies only want your information to be 'free.' When they're done analyzing you five ways from Sunday, 'free' really will be just another word for 'nothing left to lose.'
"That's the real moral question that needs to be addressed," she concluded. "Anything else is just hand-waving."
The Great 'Vacation' Experiment
Speaking of hand-waving, dear readers, it's with considerable trepidation that Linux Girl must inform you that her Tux cape will be spending the next week in the closet while she tries out an unfamiliar concept known as the "vacation."
Assuming she lives to tell the tale, look for her next Linux Blog Safari column on March 29. Until then! ;)
Katherine Noyes has been writing from behind Linux Girl's cape since late 2007, but she knows how to be a reporter in real life, too. She's particularly interested in space, science, open source software and geeky things in general. You can also find her on Twitter.
CLEVELAND, Ohio — Antawn Jamison said his goodbyes in the locker room late Wednesday night as teammates scattered for the All-Star break. He's not planning any more farewells, however, until the Cavaliers clean out their lockers after their final game.
The 35-year-old power forward, who's enjoying his best stretch in Cleveland, not only wants to remain with the team for the rest of the season, but he also expects to still be here after the March 15 trade deadline.
Jamison, who has an expiring contract, and point guard Ramon Sessions are the two players most rumored to be dealt from the rebuilding franchise. There's also speculation that Jamison could be bought out if a suitor isn't found. But with the Cavs in playoff contention and the veteran performing so well, management might be compelled to keep him.
"Honestly, deep down inside, I don't want to go anywhere, and I don't feel like I'm going anywhere," Jamison said. "I enjoy playing with these guys. These guys are very receptive to what I tell them and what I do on the court."
Jamison has played a central role in keeping the Cavaliers (13-18) in the hunt for one of the final Eastern Conference playoff spots, a development few imagined when the season began.
He is averaging 22 points, nine rebounds and an outrageous 36 minutes in 11 February games.
Since center Anderson Varejao fractured his right wrist Feb. 10, Jamison has registered 39 minutes or more three times.
"The way he has played the past couple of weeks has been fantastic," said coach Byron Scott. "I have played him a bunch because I'm looking down the bench and saying, 'I don't have another guy who can do what he does.' "
Some Cavaliers fans have never warmed to the 14-year veteran, acquired from Washington in a three-team deal on Feb. 17, 2010. He was supposed to be the final piece to a championship team that instead flopped in the second round of the postseason. Jamison didn't play well and neither did others, as stunned fans watched LeBron James peel off his Cavaliers' jersey for the last time in Boston.
All-Star Weekend schedule Orlando, Fla. Today Sprint NBA All-Star Celebrity Game, ESPN, 7 p.m. BBVA Rising Stars Challenge, TNT, 9 p.m. (Cavaliers rookies Kyrie Irving and Tristan Thompson will be participating). Saturday All-Star Practice, NBA TV, 11:15 a.m. NBA D-League All-Star Game, NBA TV, 2 p.m. NBA All-Star Saturday Night, TNT, 8 p.m. Shooting Stars, Skills Competition (Irving to participate), 3-Point Shooting Contest, Slam-Dunk Contest. Sunday NBA All-Star Game, TNT, 7 p.m.
While the nucleus of that flawed club was gutted, Jamison and his large contract remained. He was part of the NBA record 26-game losing streak last season and fractured his little finger a year ago this week.
"It was a whirlwind when I first got here. I couldn't get my feet on the ground," Jamison said. "Last year, I had a lot of personal things going on [but] this year, all of that stuff is behind me and I can just concentrate on playing basketball and having fun with these guys. It's as much fun as I've had in a while."
Jamison is the only Cavalier who played during the 1998-99 lockout-shortened season, and in December let his young teammates know what to expect during a condensed season. He's also taught them the value of conditioning, appearing in all 31 games, averaging a team-high 32.6 minutes and a second-best 17.4 points.
On a roster with few legitimate scoring options, he has taken pressure off rookie point guard Kyrie Irving and allowed his heir apparent, Tristan Thompson, to develop at a more gradual pace.
Some fans are perturbed by his shot total -- he averages 16.03 per game (17th most in the NBA) -- and his penchant for getting beat defensively. But few players his age are being asked to take on such a large role.
After back-to-back poor team efforts against Chicago and Atlanta in late January, Jamison spoke out about the individual play creeping into the Cavaliers' game. It hasn't been an issue during the past month.
"He is giving us everything he can on the court and off the court," Scott said. "He has been a great mentor to our young guys -- Kyrie and Tristan, especially. He has been a great role model on the floor as well -- a true professional."
But being in the playoff picture won't stop Cavaliers' management from making moves that are best for long-term growth. Whether that includes jettisoning Jamison isn't clear.
Until then, he will log his minutes, take his shots and try to get the surprising Cavaliers into the postseason. He won't be back next season, but he's not ready to leave just yet.
Starstruck: Irving and Thompson flew to Orlando to participate in All-Star Weekend. Both will play today in the Rising Stars Challenge. Irving will also compete in the skills competition Saturday.
"It is a dream come true," Irving said. "I followed it at home, watching All-Star activities. Being able to enjoy it firsthand, it will be a great experience."
Irving and Thompson will play on opposite teams in the Rising Stars Challenge.
Dribbles: The Cavaliers will return to practice Monday night. . . . Their first two games after the break are against Boston and New York, teams that currently occupy the final two playoff spots.
To reach this Plain Dealer reporter: treed@plaind.com, 216-999-4370
How to land your first open source contribution, from your browser, in 15 minutes
Quincy Larson Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 27, 2016
Matt Mullenweg, founder of Automattic, recently offered this advice to aspiring developers: “Contribute to open source.”
Mullenweg — a political science dropout whose software (Wordpress) now powers nearly a quarter of all websites — says that you can “100% compensate for a lack of professional experience” by proving your abilities through open source contributions.
If you can grow into a recognized position in an open source project, that puts you ten steps ahead of applications even from folks with 20 years experience in the field, at least to an Open Source-biased company like Automattic.
And the undisputed center of the open source universe is GitHub. Some people have gone so far as to say that GitHub accounts have replaced resumes.
Or as John Resig, the creator of jQuery, quipped: “When it comes to hiring, I'll take a GitHub commit log over a resume any day.”
Free Code Camp Wiki maintainer Rafael Rodriguez has come up with an way that you can start contributing to open source in just a few minutes, without even leaving GitHub's website.
Moscow, SANA- Russian Foreign Ministry warned on Friday that supplying terrorists in Syria with man-portable air-defense systems will be deemed a direct support for terrorists and means that those who do it must face the consequences.
According to Russian News Agency TASS, Deputy Foreign Minister Oleg Syromolotov said that no air defense systems have reached terrorists as of yet but information point to attempts by terrorists to acquire Western-made man-portable air-defense systems from countries neighboring Syria.
The Russian diplomat affirmed that in case such systems end up in terrorists' hands, the country involved will have to be held to account for siding with international terrorism with all the attendant consequences this act implies. “This should be taken as a serious warning,” he added.
US and other regional countries such as Saudi Arabia and Turkey are continuing their military support to terrorists in Syria which they dub “moderate opposition” to justify their support.
The Saudi regime had provided terrorists with large amounts of weapons and ammunition, most of them are US-made, according to terrorists' pages on social media sites.
Manar al-Frieh/Manal
Buccaneers running back Doug Martin (22) runs for a 67-yard touchdown against the Raiders as part of his huge day. (Photo11: Marcio Jose Sanchez, AP) Story Highlights Martin made a huge impact last week with a franchise-record 251 yards rushing against the Raiders
'Muscle Hamster' came about as a nickname because of a gymnast girlfriend in college
Other nicknames Martin has gone by in his life: 'Bam-Bam' and 'Matt-Matt'
TAMPA – Doug Martin is standing in a hallway of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' facility, having just taped a TV interview in which he begged the nation to give him a new nickname so he can shed the old one that just won't go away: "Muscle Hamster."
It's the moniker he got at Boise State and hated it from the beginning. He was hoping it wouldn't follow him to the NFL. But this week, following his franchise-record 251-yard rushing performance in a victory over the Oakland Raiders near his hometown of Stockton, Calif., Martin called it the "worst nickname ever."
Which is only going to make it stick even more.
BLOG: Martin's thoughts on nickname ideas from Twitter
Martin can run from defenders but not this nickname. So he's finally willing to share the story on how he came to be known as "Muscle Hamster".
"You really want to know?" he asks USA TODAY Sports.
Yes.
"You really want to know?"
Absolutely.
"All right, so I had a girlfriend, she was a gymnast. Small, but more cut than I was," he says. "My friend (and college teammate) Jarell Root called her a muscle hamster. So I stood up for her, like, 'Hey, man, she's not a muscle hamster!' And he said, 'You're a muscle hamster, too.' So they called us the muscle hamsters."
BLOG: Martin dislikes being called 'Muscle Hamster'
As Martin explains it, a friend mentioned the nickname in an article about Martin. After that, ESPN picked up on it and it spread "like wildfire."
What's worse, Martin and his gymnast girlfriend broke up.
"That's what I get for helping out," he says with a laugh.
Hey, if this is Martin's biggest problem right now, halfway into his sensational rookie season, things are going pretty well for the Bucs' first-round pick.
The 5-9, 215-pounder has 471 rushing yards and seven total touchdowns in his last three games, ran for touchdowns of 70, 67, 45 and 1 yards against the Raiders, is helping to energize this team under first-year coach Greg Schiano, is drawing comparisons to one of the best running backs ever (Emmitt Smith), and has won over his coaches and teammates with his maturity.
PHOTOS: The worst nicknames in sports
Best of all for Martin, the Bucs' veterans might even drop the nickname he loathes.
"As long as he keeps running like that, I won't call him that, then," offensive tackle Demar Dotson said. "Whatever he wants."
Call him 'gone'
"Muscle Hamster" is one of a few things Martin has been called.
He used to be Matthew. That's his middle name, but it served as his first name for a while because his father is also Doug. He was also "Bam Bam," a nickname his mother, Leslie, gave him because the energetic toddler was always smacking things around the house with a toy plastic bat.
Count Leslie as the first scout to notice her son's incredible athleticism.
"I used to wonder why there were fingerprints at the top of the door jams," she said by phone this week, still amazed with what she and about 90 friends and family members saw at the O.co Coliseum on Sunday. "These little kids are 4 and 5 years old, and I have fingerprints on my door jam. Finally, one time, I saw him jump high enough to put his fingers on the door jam."
That leaping ability led to plenty of success on the basketball court through junior high. By that time, Martin had begun to transition from Matthew to Doug. Once dubbed "Matt-Matt," he was now "Doug-Matt," who didn't play football until high school.
Martin didn't need the experience. He had enough natural ability and vision to run for 3,431 yards and 43 touchdowns in college.
"He's one foot and go," Boise State running backs coach Keith Bhonapha said of Martin's cuts.
The Raiders learned that the hard way.
After squeezing through a hole seemingly only big enough for a rodent with collapsible bones (sorry, Doug-Matt), he accelerated through the second level of the defense and scooted to the edge past safeties Matt Giordano and Tyvon Branch for his first touchdown, the 45-yarder.
"Some of those runs you're (thinking), 'Okay this is a gain of 10, 15,'" Bucs offensive coordinator Mike Sullivan said of the plays Martin is turning into touchdowns. "I remember some earlier questions were asked at this very podium: 'Boy, is he ever going to be able to make a big play?'"
That was through the first four games when Martin didn't have any runs of 20 yards or longer.
"I think those questions have been answered," Sullivan said.
Buccaneers running back Doug Martin (22) breaks lookse for a 45-yard touchdown run in the third quarter against the Raiders as part of his remarkable performance. (Photo11: Kirby Lee, US Presswire)
'The total package'
All of that running can make a guy tired, which is why Martin was tuckered out on the flight home from Oakland.
"Sat in his little seat, went to sleep, and you didn't know he was back there," Dotson said. "That's the kind of guy he is."
Martin was as unassuming a week earlier after picking up 214 total yards and two touchdowns in a nationally televised victory over the Minnesota Vikings.
"He's not an egomaniac. He wants to be part of something, and that's pretty cool," Schiano said. "He's got a chance to be the total package."
Schiano caught himself: "It's early. Let's not ordain him to be the next Gale Sayers here, but he's got all of the things that could add up to that."
San Diego Chargers coach Norv Turner, whose defense will try to contain Martin on Sunday, did make a comparison to a legend by noting Martin is "compact" and "hard to find" when he hides behind his offensive line.
"I don't like doing that to a guy," said Turner, the Dallas Cowboys' offensive coordinator from 1991-93, "but there's no question there are things he does that are Emmitt-like."
That hard-to-find factor was on display on Martin's 67-yard touchdown when he patiently waited as pulling guard Jamon Meredith made his block.
So in addition to a mature attitude, Martin has a mature running style.
"That's what makes him special," Schiano said. "You can teach backs a lot of things, but you can't tell them when to gear it down for a split second. I wish I could tell you that's coaching."
Raider fans only could watch helplessly after Buccaneers running back Doug Martin (22) scored a touchdown on a 70-yard run. (Photo11: Ed Szczepanski, US Presswire)
Keeping him happy
Martin has a wish of his own: To say goodbye to "Muscle Hamster".
"He legitimately doesn't like it," said Martin's agent, Brian Murphy.
The firm at which Murphy works, Athletes First, asked for nickname suggestions on Twitter. The one Martin likes best is "Dougernaut," but even he realizes that won't take off.
"Muscle Hamster" is here to stay, thanks to quarterback Josh Freeman, who brought that name into the Bucs' locker room.
"I wouldn't say that," Freeman said with a wry grin. "I would say that I have a number of close friends and family members who somehow dig up these awesome muscle hamster pictures. They send them to me, and I just so happen to show them to Doug. I call him Doug E. Fresh.
"I'll hear a good hamster joke, and I think it's funny, so I'll tell my friend. Maybe he doesn't appreciate it."
Freeman appreciates Martin. So here comes some good news for the rookie.
"Doug's amazing," Freeman said. "He's a tremendous player, and you want to keep the guy happy.
"So Doug E. Fresh it is."
BEIJING, China (CNN) -- A former Chinese government official has been sentenced to death after a leaky toilet led police to a stash of cash he'd collected in bribes, state media reported.
Yan Dabin was the former director of transportation for Wushan County in southwest China. He was sentenced Friday for accepting bribes totaling 22.3 million yuan ($3.2 million) in exchange for awarding contracts for road and bridge construction, the news agency Xinhua said.
He was arrested after a resident called a police station to complain that water was leaking through the ceiling from the vacant apartment above. Yan owned the unit.
A police officer sent to help a maintenance worker enter the property discovered the cause of the overflowing toilet: eight soaked cardboard boxes containing 9.39 million yuan ($ 1.3 million), Xinhua said.
Yan's wife was sentenced to three years in prison after she was found guilty of laundering more than 9 million yuan ($ 1.3 million) in a series of house purchases, the news agency said.
Beijing has been trying to rein in corruption after a series of several highly-publicized corruption cases involving officials who steal.
All About China
Despite drastic punishments for drug dealing, up to and including death in many countries, the worldwide illegal drug trade continues to flourish. While governments invest vast sums of taxpayers' money in fighting a so-called "war" on drugs, one glance at the size and scope of the drug business suggests it may always be unwinnable.
The drug trade accounts for almost 1% of the world's financial revenue, with the cocaine trade alone boasting an annual turnover of around $85 billion — all tax free.
Republished with permission from Around the World: An Atlas for Today, this graph charts the path from production to consumer of cocaine, heroin, and Amphetamine-type stimulants — though it excludes the biggest of all: the cannabis business, whose dimensions would require a global graphic all to itself. Where The Drug Mules Trek by Nora Coenenberg and Camilo Jiménez/Around the World, Copyright Gestalten 2013
The following text is reprinted from the infographic:
Distribution
Hard drugs are especially popular in the USA, Europe, and Asia. Crossing all borders, consumers are supplied with these illegal products by truck, ship, or small plane.
Opium originates primarily in Afghanistan or Myanmar, while cocaine comes mostly from Colombia, Peru, or Bolivia.
North America
Coming Soon
Crime Diaries: The Candidate
Dramatization of Mexican presidential candidate Luis Donaldo Colosio's 1994 assassination. Part of an anthology on unsolved crimes in Latin America.
Trash Truck
Six-year-old Hank and his best buddy -- a honking, snorting trash truck -- go on lots of fun adventures, from learning to fly to visiting the dentist.
Over the Moon
In this animated musical, a girl builds a rocket ship and blasts off, hoping to meet a mythical moon goddess. Legendary animator Glen Keane directs.
Queer Eye: We're in Japan!
The Fab Five bring their message of self-care and compassion to four Japanese men and women while exploring the country's rich culture and cuisine.
Quicksand
After a tragedy at a Stockholm prep school, high school student Maja finds herself on trial for murder. Based on the best-selling novel.
YooHoo to the Rescue
In a series of magical missions, quick-witted YooHoo and his can-do crew travel the globe to help animals in need.
Kengan Ashura
Underground gladiator Tokita Ohma fights on behalf of business mogul Nogi Hideki who wagers mega-business deals on the outcome of these brutal matches.
Trinkets
In this coming-of-age series, three teenage girls from different social circles form an unlikely friendship over their shared affinity for shoplifting.
A North Park resident found his dumpster filled with undelivered mail. View Full Caption Facebook/North Park Neighbors Chicago
NORTH PARK — The U.S. Postal Service says it is investigating how hundreds of pieces of mail ended up in the trash last week.
"The whole neighborhood's mail was in the dumpster," including scores of city sticker renewal notices and "a lot of private mail," said Samuel Tenenbaum of the 60659 ZIP code, who made the discovery on Thursday.
"It's ridiculous," said Tenenbaum, who found the mail in a dumpster in the 3500 block of West Thorndale Avenue. He immediately called police and the Postal Service and shared the discovery on social media, he said.
Three postal employees arrived to cart away the mail, he said.
Patty Wetli explains some of the mystery surrounding the mail dump:
Mark Reynolds, a spokesman for the Postal Service, said the mail found in the dumpster was collected and then "delivered over the weekend." Such dumping of mail "does not happen often," he added.
Reynolds said the Postal Service's Office of the Inspector General conducted an investigation. The Inspector General's Office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Tenenbaum said he came across the mail when taking out the trash.
"My dumpster was full with stashed mail — full," he said. "I checked the next dumpster to make sure there was no body inside."
Police arrived after a dispatcher initially told Tenenbaum the junked mail didn't fall under the Chicago Police Department's jurisdiction. Officers investigating the matter were present when three female postal employees drove up in two private cars, according to Tenenbaum.
"The three women started grabbing the mail. The police asked them for ID, and two didn't have any," he said. "No explanation was given, no apologies. They were nasty, giving attitude."
The postal employees "asked us to go away," he said. "They said we weren't allowed to take any pictures," an order neighbors ignored.
"They grabbed the mail as quickly as they could and drove off," he said.
Delay or destruction of mail by a Postal Service employee is punishable by up to five years in prison, according to a U.S. Justice Department news release announcing charges last year against a carrier who allegedly threw more than 1,000 pieces of mail in a Warwick, Rhode Island, dumpster.
Ron BenningtonRon began his career as a stand-up comic. In 1988, he teamed up with Ron Diaz to form The Ron and Ron Show with sidekick, Fez Marie Whatley. It was a hit from its beginning until its demise in 1997. After that, Ron and Fez were hired by Infinity to host a late night show based around the Internet.
Noam Dworman is the owner of the Comedy Cellar and a staple of the New York City comedy scene. Born to a musical family, he reopened the Cafe Wha in New York's Greenwich Village, where he played guitar and was musical director for 20 years. Upon selling the Wha, he turned his attention to the Comedy Cellar which his father had started in 1981.
Noam Dworman is the owner of the Comedy Cellar and a staple of the New York City comedy scene. Born to a musical family, he reopened the Cafe Wha in New York's Greenwich Village, where he played guitar and was musical director for 20 years. Upon selling the Wha, he turned his attention to the Comedy Cellar which his father had started in 1981.
Dan Naturman is a New York based stand up comedian. He is a regular performer at the Comedy Cellar and has appeared on The Late Show with David Letterman and Comedy Central.
Dan Naturman is a New York based stand up comedian. He is a regular performer at the Comedy Cellar and has appeared on The Late Show with David Letterman and Comedy Central.
On Monday the credit-rating agency Standard & Poor's upgraded its outlook for the credit rating of the United States to "stable." Which is terrible news for the credit rating of the United States.
That is because S&P has proven itself to be more or less clueless about the prospects for U.S. debt, among other things. From the moment S&P downgraded the U.S. debt rating to AA+ from AAA in August 2011, U.S. debt has surged 14 percent in value, and U.S. stocks (embodied by, ironically, the S&P 500-stock index) have gained 37 percent, before dividends, observes Joshua Brown of the Reformed Broker.
Brown has made the handy chart below to demonstrate the S&P's cluelessness, with lines instead of words. (PRO TIP: The chart is far less blurry when viewed on his site.)
"Turns out the exact right response to S&P's much-ballyhooed US downgrade was to buy both bonds and stocks," Brown writes. (Story continues below his chart.)
S&P has lifted its outlook on the U.S. just as bond prices are starting to fall, and the stock market's recent run has hit some roadblocks. Great timing!
Rochester, N.Y. (13WHAM) - Lindsay Wrobel says at midnight Saturday, it will have been three days since she last ate.
Wrobel is a University of Rochester student until university professor Dr. Florian Jaeger was removed from the faculty.
Jaeger is at the center of an EEOC complaint . The complaint alleges sexual harassment.
"Until Professor Jaeger is removed from the university, there's going to be no trust among the student body," Wrobel said.
Early Saturday afternoon, a concerned caller noticed the toll of the hunger strike on Lindsay and reported her to first responders. Lindsay refused help, but told public safety at the university she'd notify them if she needed hospitalization.
"It is painful, it is scary thinking about what comes next. I've had nausea. I've had headaches, I've had muscle aches really bad. Even texting feels like work," Wrobel added.
Those are similar words she emailed to U of R President Joel Seligman Saturday morning.
Seligman later released this statement to 13WHAM:
"I have been in touch with Lindsay to tell her how concerned I am about her and to let her know that my primary concern is her health. She has every right to express herself as she chooses, but I urged her to put her well-being first. We are carefully monitoring the situation."
As of late Saturday, Dr. Jaeger is still an employee at the university.
"I fully intend to do this until I'm hospitalized. I think what's of primary importance is the students on this campus feeling safe. And as of right now, they don't, and they won't until Professor Jaeger is removed," Wrobel said.
At a meeting on campus Tuesday, President Joel Seligman announced the university would be hiring an independent investigator to review a sexual harassment complaint filed against Dr. Florian Jaeger.
We've all seen black and white footage of astronauts on the moon hot doggin' it over craters and dunes in a trick electric buggy, but that was over thirty years ago. In 2020, when a new generation of astronauts head there, they'll need a new generation of whip too, and that's just what NASA recently demonstrated to the public. Called the Small Pressurized Rover Concept, it looks to be an evolution of the 12-wheeled Chariot prototype we saw earlier this year, pimped out with an air-tight cabin that sleeps two and some bitchin' gold dubs. Inside a pair of explorers can go lunar RVing for up to two weeks at a time, covering 625 miles on one charge at a leisurely 6 mph, hopping out through rear-mounted ( non-next-gen ) spacesuits when something interesting catches their eye. You know, like aliens or something. Could happen.[Thanks, Peter D.]
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
QPR are targeting a shock move for West Ham vice-captain Mark Noble.
The 27-year-old midfielder, set to line up against Liverpool this afternoon, has also attracted the interest of West Brom boss Tony Pulis.
Both clubs would have to improve on the £40,000-a-week that Noble is on at at Upton Park.
But Noble could become the odd-man out in the Hammers midfield with the club poised to confirm the arrival of Darren Fletcher.
The Irons have fierce competition for places in the middle of the park but are set to offer Fletcher regular first team action along Alex Song and Cheikhou Kouyate after beating off West Brom, Valencia and several other clubs for the Scotland international's signature.
(Image: Julian Finney)
Hammers boss Sam Allardyce also has Morgan Amalfitano and Kevin Nolan at his disposal as the club push for a place in the top four.
Noble is coming to the end of a three-year contract at West Ham but has an option for another two years in the summer which, if triggered, would see his current wages go up to £50,000-a-week.
The Canning Town-born midfielder is hugely popular and well-respected - both inside and outside the dressing room - at the club he supported as a boy.
It is understood both QPR and West Brom are attracted to him because of his experience and leadership qualities.
Noble has been relegated before with West Ham, helped them to regain promotion and stood up to be counted last season when fans booed the team last season.
One of Trump's most enduring and arguably most endearing campaign lines has been his promise to treat American vets better. When Trump dropped out of a Fox News debate in January he held a separate event at which he raised money for veterans. But three months later, Trump's campaign adviser for veterans, Al Baldasaro, doesn't seem too concerned about it. He told the Daily Beast, “I'm not concerned about it, because I know [Trump is] an honorable, honest guy… you guys just want to say, ‘gotcha.'”
To be fair, Baldasaro is not a Trump staffer. The real problem is that anyone who has attempted to track down the $6 million raised has been unable to find more than about half that amount that was actually delivered to veterans' groups. From the Daily Beast:
Since the fundraiser, numerous media organizations have investigated whether the charities have received the $6 million. The investigations span the ideological spectrum: the progressive MSNBC and the conservative Weekly Standard have been unable to find all the funds; as have The Washington Post, The Wall Street Journal, CNN, and The Daily Beast.
The money simply hasn't been found.
In many ways, The CW's Arrowverse shows are in ruder health than ever. All four series – Arrow, Legends of Tomorrow, The Flash and Supergirl – are comfortably into their sixth, fourth and third seasons, respectively, and they just enjoyed their biggest crossover yet in the form of the “Crisis on Earth-X” miniseries.
It's surprising, then, that the network seems to be hesitant about guaranteeing the future of half of the shows. While The Flash and Supergirl have been officially renewed for new seasons, beginning fall 2018, Arrow and Legends are still awaiting confirmation on if they've got another year ahead of them.
While talking to Discussing Film at ACE Comic Con in Rhode Island, Arrowverse exec producer Marc Guggenheim revealed the news when chatting about the difficulties of planning ahead when your TV show could be axed at any minute.
“I think it's very hard, in television, to have a master plan in terms of how many years out. Television works on a different kind of time horizon than features does. That said, we have a clear vision as to what we want to do on both of the shows. That's nice. We don't have official pick ups yet on either show. We're very confident we'll get additional seasons on both shows.”
Before fans get worried though, as Guggenheim explains, it's still very likely that Arrow and Legends will be renewed at some point. However, it might be telling that The Flash and Supergirl were dished out new seasons immediately whereas the other two have to wait. Arrow arguably hasn't been the must-see TV it used to be for a few seasons now, and Legends doesn't have the hook the others do for general audiences as it's a team-up show.
Still, The CW would be seriously misguided to cut their successful superhero universe in half. In fact, it's more likely that the Arrowverse will continue to grow. Black Lightning arrives on the network in January, for instance, and even though it isn't officially part of the same continuity, it's still connected to the others in spirit.
Arrow‘s sixth season picks up on January 8th, while Legends of Tomorrow returns on February 10th.
The Texas Senate advanced a municipal annexation bill to Gov. Greg Abbott on Sunday, the fifth bill sent to the governor's desk during the special legislative session set to end in no more than three days.
(Update, Aug. 15: The bill was signed by Gov. Abbott.)
The measure's author, state Sen. Donna Campbell, R-New Braunfels, moved to accept amendments made in the lower chamber – which passed the bill, with changes, on Friday.
“Members, this is a great deal," Campbell said Sunday. "... It is a huge victory for property rights of Texans."
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
The legislation allows Texans to vote on whether cities in large counties can annex areas outside of their limits — a contentious issue that prompted a filibuster from state Sen. José Menéndez, D-San Antonio, in May.
In an interview with The Texas Tribune Sunday, Menéndez said he was glad he successfully filibustered the bill during the regular session. Had he not done so, he said, lawmakers wouldn't have added an amendment to the bill that provides a five-mile buffer around military zones.
A similar provision was included in the House version of annexation reform that passed during the regular legislative session, but that provision was stripped out in a conference committee.
“Obviously, in one huge respect for the city of San Antonio, it's a much better bill from the perspective that we finally got the five-mile buffer that I had asked for during the regular session,” Menéndez said. “Had [Campbell] kept that five-mile buffer, we wouldn't have had to filibuster.”
Previously Menéndez and other proponents of the five-mile buffer argued that land development around military bases could hinder base missions. That's why it's important, they argued, that cities don't face barriers to regulating that land when necessary — in part to make sure the nearby base's needs are considered as development expands.
But Menéndez again voiced opposition to the measure Sunday, this time about how the bill would impact residents' access to public services, like trash pick-up and police protection. He referenced a land-swap agreement between the cities of San Antonio and Converse, in particular.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
“The reason I voted against it was my concern with the city of Converse and the city of San Antonio's 17-year land-swap agreement that was not excluded in this version, as it was when the first bill came through during the regular session,” Menéndez said. “I'm concerned many of my constituents may not have those services extended to them as they would when they come into the city of Converse.”
SHARE
By of the
Madison - Gov. Scott Walker's administration has touted for months its efforts to balance the state budget, but now it also has acknowledged a significant way in which the budget isn't balanced.
To keep the possibility alive of making further cuts to state health programs, the Walker administration quietly certified to the federal government on Dec. 29 that the state had a deficit.
Federal law allows the state to drop tens of thousands of adults to save money on health care costs if the state can show it has a deficit. Walker has said he wants to cut health care spending in other ways, but hasn't ruled out dropping those 53,000 adults if the other methods aren't approved by the federal government.
To keep that option alive, state Administration Secretary Mike Huebsch wrote in a December letter to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services that the state would have an undisclosed deficit from Jan. 1 of this year through June 30, 2013.
"It's nothing more than what we've been saying all along," Walker spokesman Cullen Werwie said.
How can the Walker administration say that the 2011-'13 state budget is both balanced and in deficit?
In June, Walker and Republican lawmakers passed a balanced budget according to the measure that is always used for state budgets - cash accounting. That means essentially that the state will have cash left in its main account - an estimated balance of $68 million - when the budget ends on June 30, 2013.
That's the measure that state officials use for budgets and the one Walker has repeatedly touted in statements when he says he eliminated a $3 billion budget deficit on a cash accounting basis.
But the state's accounting method falls well short of those used by publicly traded companies. Those "generally accepted accounting principles" count not just whether the state has cash on hand but also whether it has made promises to pay money that it can't back out on.
For example, a consumer may have money in his or her bank account, but if a looming credit card bill is even larger, then he or she would have a deficit under that method of accounting. This so-called GAAP deficit isn't new to the Walker administration - it goes back years in state government to past governors such as Democrat Jim Doyle who also have said they balanced the budget on a cash basis while the GAAP deficit remained.
Werwie said the administration already had acknowledged that it had a GAAP deficit in state financial documents that estimate it at $3 billion for this fiscal year and next fiscal year.
Rep. Sandy Pasch (D-Whitefish Bay) said Walker's different statements on the budget amounted to financial doublespeak.
"On one hand, he claims he balanced the budget when he's raising money from special interests - on the other hand, he claims we still have a $3 billion hole when he's looking to drop health care for Wisconsinites when they need it most," Pasch said in a statement.
Rep. Jon Richards (D-Milwaukee) noted that as a candidate Walker had called for the use of generally accepted accounting principles to balance every state budget.
The 2010 federal health law requires a state to maintain health coverage levels and not drop people from coverage programs for the needy unless the state can show that it has a budget deficit. In that case, states can drop certain recipients with higher incomes - a group that in Wisconsin works out to around 53,000 people.
Jon Peacock, research director of the Wisconsin Council on Children and Families, questioned whether President Barack Obama's administration would accept the Walker argument that the state has a budget deficit for that purpose when in other forums the governor is adamant about saying the state has no deficit.
"Whether you can pick and choose I think is the question here," Peacock said.
A spokeswoman for the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid at the Department of Health and Human Services had no comment.
Rep. Robin Vos (R-Rochester), the co-chairman of the Legislature's budget committee, noted that the GAAP deficit stretches back more than a decade and that it would take work to eliminate. "We're trying to address the GAAP deficit over time."
(Click here for the GamesNosh AwardsCast Part 1 )
Welcome back to the 2014 GamesNosh Awards. Part 2 of the AwardsCast can be seen below. Here listed after the podcast will be the lists of the final 2 categories and our choices for them. As these are Top 10s, the winners will be listed from number 10 all the way to number 1. As you can see in the AwardsCast, our group of five deliberated what game should go to each and every position, though few choices were unanimous between the 5 of us.
Download Link: (105mb)
AWARDS LIST IN FULL BELOW
Most Anticipated Game For 2015
Runners-Up: No Man's Sky, Under Night In-Birth, Just Cause 3, Hotline Miami 2, The Order 1886, Mortal Kombat X, Halo 5, Uncharted 4: A Thief's End, Rainbow Six Siege.
10. Batman Arkham Knight
At this point we've played a hundred games like the insanely influential Arkham series, but we're still invested in Rocksteady's third game with Gotham's caped crusader. The Batmobile gameplay looks like it'll combine with gliding and grappling to make it an immensely satisfying experience to explore a next-gen Gotham City.
9. Star Citizen
The huge-budgeted return of the space simulator. Travel through space, explore planets, visit space stations, care for your own spaceship and shift into first-person shooting when you encounter enemies and other players. There's an insane amount of ambition in this project, and if it pays off we may be looking at the next EVE.
8. Splatoon
A competitive online multiplayer shooter…by Nintendo. It was rather unexpected that the Big N would dip their toes in this genre, but they're doing it with a nice bit of charm and uniqueness which makes Splatoon stand out among its peers. Rather than competing to score the most kills, player teams spray paint across the arena in order to gain control of the highest percentage of the level. A singleplayer campaign has also been confirmed, so the game may not fall victim to a small playerbase.
7. The Legend of Zelda Wii U
We still know very little about Link's first quest on the Wii U, but we have at least been given the odd glimpse of how it will play. The focus here is to make Zelda more like an open-world game, with Link riding horseback from grassy plains to distant mountains. A surprising new addition is the ability for Link to leap in the air and slow down time to fire some critical arrow shots. Hylian bullet-time could be a sign of a fresh new focus on deeper combat.
6. Final Fantasy XV
Y'know, that game Square Enix revealed back in 2006. The title formerly known as Final Fantasy Versus XIII has eluded fans for so long now, but with at least 3 trailers shown since the rebranding to FFXV, as well as a demo to be released alongside Type-0 HD, it looks like we're actually going to take control of Noctis in 2015. Initially helmed by Tetsuya Nomura, with a soundtrack by Yoko Shimomura and a fully action-RPG style combat system, FFXV looks to be taking some of the best parts of the popular Kingdom Hearts series and integrating them in to a modern-day Final Fantasy epic. Between teleporting swords, enormous enemies, and a charming road trip adventure, FFXV might liven up the currently derided series and actually live up to the hype.
5. Xenoblade Chronicles X
A follow-up to the beloved Wii JRPG Xenoblade is sure to excite. The fact this action-RPG lets players jump into mech suits and roam around an open-world is sure to get people in a frenzy. We don't know too much of the Wii U's 2015 line-up at this point, but Xenoblade Chronicles X is sure to be a highlight for the hardcore fanbase the system attracted in 2014.
4. The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt
When it's ready. CD Projekt Red have shown admirable dedication to their European fantasy trilogy. The Witcher always sets its sights high, with phenomenal visuals and production values making 2011's Assassins of Kings still one of the prettiest games to play on your rig. The choice the delay the game by a year until 2015 hopefully results in a title that will question why anybody ever doubted it would be incredible.
3. Bloodborne
The killer app for the PlayStation 4 in 2015. This From Software title is a Souls game in all but name, yet stands out on its own for its moody Gothic setting filled with mythological horrors to combat. The transformable weapons are sure to excite as twin-blades can be shifted to a scythe in order to take on another daunting challenge.
2. Persona 5
There hasn't been a lick of gameplay shown for Persona's PS4 debut, but fans can pretty much figure what it'll be. Expect a silent protagonist, high school life in the big city, developing social link connections with NPCs, a hidden world of monstrous Shadows, after-school dungeon crawling, collectable Persona summons, lovable party members, a bizarre yet kick-ass Japanese soundtrack, and a year-long storyline full of twists and turns. Persona 3 and 4 have already solidified themselves as modern RPG classics, and we hope Atlus can deliver on expectations with P5.
1. Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain
Every. Single. Trailer. Kojima Productions are masters of hyping up gamers for the next installment in the stealth-action saga. Not Your Kind Of People, Sins Of The Father, NUCLEAAARRRRRRR; all those songs combined with expertly crafted trailers make for emotive and unbelievably exciting previews of an awesome looking game. Punished Snake, Quiet, and Diamond Dogs are all iconic at this point, and we still don't even have a release date. The Phantom Pain's 1984 open-world stealth gameplay has been teased so well, especially with Ground Zeroes, that it makes MGSV one of the few games in years that we know we're going to love before it even comes out. That's not even counting the return of Metal Gear Online. Not even an awkward Kiefer Sutherland performance can ruin the hype.
GamesNosh Game of the Year 2014
Honorable Mentions: Dark Souls II, Mario Kart 8, Freedom Planet, Castlevania: Lords of Shadow 2
Runners-Up: Alien Isolation, Tales of Xillia 2, LittleBigPlanet 3, Far Cry 4, Super Smash Bros for Wii U
10. Wolfenstein: The New Order
Nobody expected the return of Wolfenstein to be anywhere near this much fun. Dual-wielding gatling guns to fight Nazi robots on the Moon. WW2 levels that elicit memories of the PS2 era of First-Person Shooters. Those German cover versions of classic tunes. There may be no robot Hitler, but id have made a glorious return for BJ Blazkowicz.
9. Dragon Age: Inquisition
Still a divisive RPG from Bioware, but much better received than the infamously lazy and crappy Dragon Age II. Inquisition offers a huge fantasy world jam-packed with questing to do. Considering Thedas has close to a dozen areas, yet most players take 10-20 hours just to leave the Hinterlands should tell you the scale of this new adventure. Bioware may have burned us before, but just maybe they're going to turn it around and live up to the production value that goes into their projects.
8. Divinity: Original Sin
A classic, very challenging RPG experience that throws you right back to the days of Baldur's Gate. One of the rare triumphs of Kickstarter crowdfunding, and a very cool co-operative campaign.
7. Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft
Didn't expect a free-to-play online card game to make it into a Game of the Year list, huh? Hearthstone is a trading-card videogame based on the world and characters of their Warcraft franchise. Not that it really matters since, even to newcomers, this game is utterly engrossing. With 9 classes and hundreds of cards, there is so much room for unique decks and strategies. The card battles themselves are quirky and a lot of fun as every turn sees players trying to make the most of the cards they can play in order to defeat the opposing hero. The Curse of Naxxramas puzzle bosses and the Goblins Vs Gnomes expansion have kept players coming back again and again, making Hearthstone a mainstay of the eSports scene and Twitch streams.
6. Persona Q: Shadow of the Labyrinth
The casts of acclaimed JRPGs Persona 3 and Persona 4 meet in this Etrian Odyssey-inspired dungeon crawler. Once you adjust to the labyrinth gameplay, you'll find a very enjoyable Persona spin-off full of charm and packed with hours of content to explore. The soundtrack as well is just fantastic as always, and the chibi artsytle used for the characters is utterly adorable. It's an excellent handheld experience for Persona fans, and provides a fun and engaging challenge, even if it could have used with more boss battles.
5. Shovel Knight
It's easy to make a game with retro graphics and ride on waves of nostalgia instead of making a quality product. Thankfully, Yacht Club Games' crowdfunded tribute to the NES glory days of Mega Man and Castlevania makes sure to stand on its own as an excellently made game that's tons of fun. If you love 2D platformers at all then this is very much worth playing when you have the chance. A wonderful homage to the oldies that doesn't forget to be full of charm and challenge.
4. Danganronpa: Trigger Happy Havoc
Taking its cues from the same visual-novel-meets-courtroom-battles formula as the Ace Attorney games, Danganronpa turns everything up to 11 with insanity, thrills, laughs and a whole lot of character. This recurring murder-mystery in a locked school has an absorbing and exciting storyline throughout, while the cast of bizarre students make for very enjoyable friends, as well as elusive murderers. The music, pop-up character portraits, and dialogue all delight, and the game is that special kind of Japanese weirdness that just compels you to keep playing so you can see what the hell's going to happen next. Danganronpa and its sequel are absolutely fantastic.
3. South Park: The Stick of Truth
Probably the most faithful game adaptation there will ever be. Every little aspect captures the spirit of South Park perfectly; from the visuals, to the writing, call-backs and performances by the show's cast. It's not just an RPG based on South Park; it is South Park in all essence becoming an RPG. Furthermore, it's rare to get a comedy-focused game; especially one that's genuinely funny and not just a try-hard storm of pop-culture references. Stick of Truth is like a playable boxset of best-of episodes from one of the most hilarious TV shows ever made. The combat and upgrade systems could have been more in-depth, but the game makes up for it by giving us a perfect recreation of this weird and fucked-up town.
2. Bayonetta 2
Platinum made yet another classic that stands up perfectly alongside the original Bayonetta. Every chapter has a level of spectacle that outshines most games excuses for an “epic” finale. Whether it's charging into battle on an Umbra Witch mecha, slaying your own summoned demon on top of a skyscraper after it grows corrupted, or killing angels aboard a speeding jet fighter; Bayonetta 2 doesn't tone down a thing from the original. Combat and weapons are still fast and incredibly satisfying, while the witch herself puts on a hell of a show, her confidence and cheeky sense of humor continuing to characterize Bayonetta as one of the most enjoyable protagonists in modern gaming. Every single publisher that turned this down: I'm sure you had your reasons, but what a huge mistake. It's a shame a lot of people are missing out on this, but Bayonetta 2 is sure to remain as one of the most impressive killer apps this generation for the gaming crowd.
It's the most likely to become a classic game, but Bayonetta 2 was edged out very closely in becoming the most impressive new release of the year. Everyone knew Bayo was going to be amazing, and it very much lived up to those expectations. But there's one more game that came out of nowhere to be the surprise hit of the year:
1. Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor
It's shocking how much better than expected this was. Talion's adventures in Middle-Earth puts the Assassin's Creed series to shame. While it looked to be another triple-A fantasy experience, The Nemesis system managed to give Shadow of Mordor the edge over its counterparts in 2014. Before release, many speculated this system where enemies who kill you level up and become your own villains to take down would be superficial at best, Molyneux-tier at worst. What resulted however was one of the best motivations to keep playing ever. Each failed attempt to prevent an orc bastard from returning just makes you want to take him down even more, like you're influencing your own recurring boss battles. It's this kind of game changer which could pave the way for more dynamic questing in the future, and solidifies Shadow of Mordor as what will probably be the most influential game of 2014. The ending sucks but the journey you and your encounters create is definitely what counts in making this the GamesNosh Game of the Year.
There we have it. Some games may have ranked higher than you wanted, but for at least some of the GamesNosh team, these were titles worthy of being listed as the best and most interesting games of 2014. Join us again next year, where we award the GamesNosh Game of the Year prize to Metal Gear Solid V.
ALPINE — You probably wouldn't need to check the street number to know you'd arrived at the home of Amy Schulz Johnson. The large stone statue of Charlie Brown out front speaks for itself.
Johnson grew up with a famous father: the late Charles Schulz, creator of Charlie Brown, Snoopy and all the other characters in the "Peanuts" comic strip. As a child, she didn't really understand what her dad did.
"My dad worked at home, in a studio," she said. "We would just go visit him and walk in, in the middle of what he was doing, and he'd just put his pen down and start talking to us. He never said, 'Well, just a minute,' or 'Let me finish drawing this Snoopy.'"
Johnson grew up and came to have a better grasp of what her dad's job was. She remembers him as a man who constantly fought for control on behalf of the characters he created.
"Dad was pretty stubborn," Johnson said. "Sometimes he would send things in, and New York was 'Oh, you can't do that, and he'd say 'Well, I'll quit then,' and they're like, 'No, no no no, don't quit.'"
Johnson says her dad controlled every single aspect of his creations from beginning to end, which was a little unusual in the world of comic strips.
"People would usually buy ideas, or maybe get ideas from other people," she said. "They may have someone letter the strips for them, so he was the only one that drew, lettered and thought of all 18,000 strips by himself."
Johnson has especially strong memories of the television special "A Charlie Brown Christmas." She says her father refused to allow anyone else to change his vision, despite objections from the network about the Biblical quotes, and nearly everything else about the cartoon.
"They didn't like the children's voices, they didn't like the scripture, they didn't like the jazz music, they didn't like that there wasn't a laugh track, they didn't like anything about it," Johnson said. "They said, 'We'll play this one time. This is a disaster. We're not ever playing this again.' And it's played more than anything."
Upon Schulz's death in 2000, his family continued to fight to protect what he'd created. But they also wanted to introduce the "Peanuts" characters to a new generation of children, and the obvious answer was a movie, but Johnson says it had to be done right. She says the idea came from her brother, Craig Schulz, and his son Bryan.
"Offered it to Fox, and said, 'If you want it, then we have to have all the creative control,'" Johnson said.
In the same way her dad once did, Johnson's brother and nephew insisted that the only way the movie would happen is if they had the final say on all creative decisions. But for Craig and Bryan Schulz, who wrote the newly-released "The Peanuts Movie" and served as producers, maintaining Charles Schulz's vision wasn't easy; Johnson says Charlie Brown and Snoopy don't exactly fit in with a lot of modern movies.
Photo: Ray Boone/KSL-TV
"When you go to most movies, you get what they call the 'bathroom humor,' and just crude jokes or innuendos, and they struggled for three years of trying to do that, because that's what's normal," Johnson said. "So the people working under the producers and directors, they're younger people, maybe didn't grow up with Peanuts, so that's what's normal for funny, but not for 'Peanuts.'"
Johnson says her nephew Bryan was especially passionate about maintaining the integrity of the characters her grandfather created.
"People were trying to put things in, and it was literally down to certain words," Johnson said. "Not necessarily a bad word, just a word, and he would say 'No, if that word hasn't been said in the comic strip, it's not going in the movie.' So he would look through hundreds of books, trying to see, 'Did that character ever say that word?'"
Johnson recently attended the movie's big premiere in Los Angeles and saw what her brother and nephew accomplished.
"It was amazing," Johnson said. "I could not believe how perfectly it was done. I feel like somehow, my dad drew all those things. The foundation of this movie is my brother's personal gift to my dad."
Johnson hopes people don't just walk away entertained, but are left with one of her dad's biggest messages.
"I don't see Charlie Brown as unlucky," said Johnson. "The part you've got to see about Charlie Brown is that he never gives up. That's the most important point."
Contributing: Deannie Wimmer
Ray Boone is a photojournalist for KSL-TV. Contact him at rboone@ksl.com
×
Photos
The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time news, direct from the production area! The Zelda team chosen by Shigeru Miyamoto created Zelda 64 with surprising stubbornness! One part of that stubbornness was to do a stubborn interview. We'll pass on a small part of that interview from the top of Hobonichi's nearby tree.
(1-2) Looks Like You Can Use a Horse in This Zelda
Eiji Onozuka (Dungeon Design): It began with Miyamoto saying “I want to put in a horse.” Originally Miyamoto had thought to create a Zelda game on a smaller scale, but what a thing to say!
He had mentioned that it has to feel amazing, riding a horse. In the beginning we put in so many trees, but they were becoming obstacles so we gradually removed them and in the end the wilderness disappeared. It feels good to grow up and ride a horse through the wide world you discovered as a child.
The map design nearly made me cry. “Just make it big,” we were told! *laughs* We created a variety of systems, and we did what we could with the amount of time we had but there was no way we could have implemented enemies as well.
Miyamoto: It was me who said “I want to put in a horse,” so it was my responsibility to make one. *laughs* On my days off I'd go to a riding club I was acquainted with and they'd give me photographs.
At first, I didn't know how much we could do with the N64. Making a horse, trying to get it to move, “Ack! It won't move!”, “How many can we have??”, that sort of thing.
I knew there were many ways it could work and made most of the decisions on the spot. I'd look at something, sleep a night, and then write the specification document the next day. I often scribbled things down like that. The important things I would stick on my monitor with post-it notes!
I also looked at the things (Osaka Broadcasting commercial director) Hakuji Horii had made for inspiration.
I was lazy myself, so I made a minimal effort by talking to the staff there.In a game where you can ride a horse, there has to be horseback archery and horse racing. I gave up on the big Lon Lon Ranch escape and the fight with Ganon this time. *laughs* We were eventually able to do it, though it took half a year. After we created the horse, we needed to think of an outline. We have A, B, and C degrees of difficulty, and up to B can be handled easily. Lets do A+ next time.
Makoto Miyanaga (Field Design): Miyamoto directed us to decrease the obstacles in order to make riding more fun. However, decreasing all the obstacles actually caused more difficulty.
For a long time Hyrule Field had nothing, it was terribly uninteresting. Of course, while you were trudging along in that wide empty plain we had planned to introduce effects such as wind, temperature, and atmosphere. If we had only presented that sort of game, I don't think it would have been appreciated. We had intended for it to add to the game's character.
“(1-2) Looks Like You Can Use a Horse in This Zelda” has ended. The interview continues from here, so please check back for updates!
1998-11-17-TUE
Google (s goog) sent a letter to FBI head Robert Mueller and Attorney General Eric Holder Tuesday requesting permission to disclose the number of times the federal government requests data on national security grounds, according to a blog post. Facebook (s fb) and Microsoft (s msft) have followed suit.
For now, the companies are prohibited from releasing such information.
Advertisement
It's clearly a PR offensive on behalf of the web and software giants, hoping to distance themselves from revelations that the three companies and others have participated in the FBI and National Security Agency's PRISM program first reported last week.
It's still unclear just how the program gained access to external data and what participating companies have done to enable this sort of access. But regardless of that, the perception of complicity is something Google and the rest must fight. Whether or not the federal government complies with requests for more transparency almost doesn't matter. The companies need to at least look like they want to shed light on their involvement and the extent of the data mining. And the letters achieve that goal.
Feature image courtesy of Shutterstock user ARTSILENSE.
Senate Republicans on Tuesday again blocked a vote on Warren's student loan proposal. | Rod Lamkey Jr. for POLITICO Warren to 'keep hitting' student loans
Sen. Elizabeth Warren promised this morning to keep pushing for her student loan refinancing bill, but again left it to Republicans to come up with a compromise that can satisfy both parties in the Senate.
“The next step,” she said at a POLITICO event, “is we're gonna have to keep hitting at this.”
Story Continued Below
Senate Republicans on Tuesday again blocked a vote on Warren's student loan proposal, but she and other Democrats have promised to keep fighting for the legislation, calling it a priority for the first 100 days of the next Congress.
At POLITICO's “Solving For Y: Exploring Opportunities for the Next Generation,” Warren (D-Mass.) and personal finance expert Suze Orman spoke with chief White House correspondent Mike Allen and senior political reporter Maggie Haberman about student loan debt.
( PHOTOS: Solving For Y: Exploring Opportunities for the Next Generation)
Warren reiterated that at $1.2 trillion, the level of student loan debt has exceeded that of credit card debt.
Warren's bill has secured 58 yes votes, two short of the 60 needed to break the Republican filibuster of the legislation. The cost of the bill would be paid for through a tax on millionaires, a non-starter for Republicans.
“I'm all for tweaking it,” Warren said of the bill, soliciting suggestions from the other side of the aisle. “Come to us with a proposal. We're willing to talk about it.”
Warren added that colleges – particularly for-profit schools – should be responsible for federal loans when students graduate and can't get a job. For-profits receive 25 percent of federal aid dollars, she noted, yet are responsible for half of all student loan defaults.
“We should not continue to let this money flow and say the only problem is with the students and with the federal government and the banks,” Warren said. “The colleges also need to have skin in the game.”
Orman defended her decision to teach a financial counseling class at the for-profit University of Phoenix, noting that the course offering included a disclosure that students who could not afford it should not take the class.
Financial institutions are “financially raping – and I say that truthfully – our children,” Orman said.
Asked whether it's appropriate for politicians to charge large fees for speaking at public universities, an issue that came up recently concerning Hillary Clinton, both Orman and Warren did not directly answer and instead turned to campus debit cards. Many colleges contract with banks to provide such products for their students, and reap financial benefits in return.
“The question is, what the universities are doing,” Warren said. “There's a lot that goes on in the financial side that is opaque to the rest of the world.”
When the conversation turned to elections, Warren said she wants to see issues affecting people's “everyday lives” on the 2014 agenda – student loan refinancing, immigration reform, equal pay and minimum wage, to name a few.
Warren said she didn't want to think about the prospect of Republican taking the Senate and Mitch McConnell becoming majority leader, adding she hopes he is defeated by Democrat Alison Lundergan Grimes in November.
“I don't want to go there, for a whole bunch of reasons,” she said. “I'm just gonna be really blunt – I hope he ain't coming back.”
US Out of the Middle East NOW! by Bill Buppert
The Middle East (ME) is on fire with revolution and rebellion against the powers that be. There is no government in the entire area which has not abused, maimed and murdered thousands if not tens of thousands of its own subjects. Pardon me, if I refrain from ever using the word citizens since those don't exist on Earth. It is simply what governments were built to do no matter how we dress them up in fancy and adoring histories. The usual suspects in the government-media complex are coming out of the woodwork as the neoconservative-left liberal alliance blossoms to its fullest potential. Everyone from Faux New to National Pinko Radio to the Collectivist News Network are swooning and throwing rice at the wedding. The love letters to the Pentagon from the Obama administration could not be more fawning and flirtatious.
Through wars, bombings and the eradication of uncooperative brown people around the globe, the Child President will make the world safe for his own house brand of militant collectivism. Amid the wreckage of the former mighty American economic engine is strewn old rusted manufacturing sectors, all home-grown means of financial power since the emergence of debt as the ONLY engine of business start-up and prosperity, and the enormous Soviet-style regulatory apparatus that has done its signal best to strangle and emasculate any innovation in the private sector. Remember that both parties are sworn enemies of small business but maintain cozy relationships with big business. America excels in one area and one area only, killing. The national security state that has emerged since the end of the War to Save Josef Stalin has been the only burgeoning sector of employment since the end of the Cold War in 1989. The Pentagon and the apparatchiks who serve it in the federal government were desperate to find a means to preserve the hyper-power military complex since its usefulness had dwindled to zero when the other Soviet state fell. After decades of post WWII fiddling, dawdling and plotting to interfere in the domestic self-determination of hundreds of nation-states around the globe, the US had poked one too many Arab nations and earned the blowback it so richly deserved. On 9/11 in 2001, the blow to the Pentagon and the Twin Towers in New York brought American foreign policy home and gladdened the hearts of legions of government employees and hundreds of military contractors. A new war was on and the American national security state could now move front and center once again.
Fast forward to the present state of affairs in the ME, the hot and cold wars that the US has continued to wage in the Arab nations along with the support of dozens of brutal and corrupt regimes has metastasized into the massive web of rolling unrest, protests and rebellions. Some are concerned with the planning involved in the protests and how many of these are simply synchronized to occur in all these nations. Others, such as the US State Department and the endlessly creepy Hillary Clinton are more concerned with ensuring not that justice or honor is served but simply preserving the ability of the American client states and satraps to keep their people fettered and tame while we drain the Middle east of oil and keep the Israelis please with the direction of American foreign policy. American policy in the region has been nothing more than a long and bloody trail of tears for all the people trapped in the confines of what is essentially convenient US political subsidiaries to make the West safe in their oil consumption so that the Western countries can remain virginal in exploiting their own oil reserves and reducing any free market economic incentives to find new sources of energy.
Mind you, I have no sympathy for Marxoid envirus' who would see all the humans on the planet reduced in both population size and limited in their scientific ambition to make their lives better. Nor do I sympathize with the collectivists on the Left who would like nothing better than to see the Middle East quite literally turn red in the communist sense. These people have no more moral compass than a serial killer. To them, revolutions and rebellions are simply templates to bring in more government solutions which ALWAYS end badly for the people aggrieved in the first place. You will notice for all the antiwar sentiment of the Left, they have been obscenely quiet since the Child President has occupied the WAFL (War Against Freedom and Liberty) House.
There is only one solution to what is happening in the Middle East and that is total military withdrawal and denial of foreign aid and support to any nation or government there. In essence, the US foreign policy in the Middle East has been zero tolerance for self-determination and continued subsidy of the government thugs who practice the nastiest and most vile predations on their own populations and foreign visitors. Unlike the government media complex who would accuse the advocacy of such a position to a “let them burn” policy, my notion is let them provide for their own governance.
Would it not be refreshing for the West to adopt a non-interference policy that they themselves would insist on if the Western nations were embroiled in their own internecine conflicts and disturbances?
Don't hold your breath because the dirty little secret about the American economy right now is that war and conflict are the only going concerns that keep the economy afloat. If you doubt this, ask yourself a few simple questions.
Would the landscape of America be a different place if the powers that be been stripped of their ability to make war on the world AND the ability to make war on their own citizens?
Would a massive military retreat and withdrawal from all bases outside American territories back to the home country and the cashiering of millions of jobs devoted to destruction and reversed to productive work in an unfettered free market make us more or less prosperous?
Has the Western treatment of millions of Arabs and Muslims created a gargantuan cultural resentment that will manifest itself in violence for the foreseeable future?
And lastly, since we are the dominant military hyper-power on Earth; what Muslim insurgency has been defeated by the West since the end of WWII?
I will answer the last one for you. None.
With less than a month to go until the premiere, AMC has released a new Mad Men Season 7 trailer — or several, rather. Given how secretive showrunner Matthew Weiner is about spoilers, it shouldn't come as a huge shock that they don't give away a whole lot about what we'll be seeing next season. Nevertheless, we're just happy to see our old SC&P friends again.
Watch the promos and check out a whole bunch of new images featuring Jon Hamm, Elisabeth Moss, Christina Hendricks, John Slattery, January Jones, and many more after the jump.
AMC posted the new Mad Men Season 7 trailers on its YouTube page.
“Mad Men Takes Off” is stylish at hell but doesn't reveal much about what's to come. It's basically a moving version of those promotional stills we've seen already — which Weiner has insisted don't contain any hidden meanings or clues.
This teaser, titled “Refresh,” is basically a really short recap.
“Go Mad” takes a goofier approach, revisiting some of the most GIF-able moments from Season 6. (“Not great, Bob!” might be one of the greatest Mad Men lines ever uttered.)
But the most revealing one is probably “Change the Conversation.”
While “Change the Conversation” doesn't include any new footage either, it offers some insight into where Don is as Season 7 opens. It's 20 seconds of Don getting yelled at and insulted by his friends and colleagues… and then five seconds of him realizing what he can do about it.
As you puzzle over how Don's crisis might play out, feast your eyes on a whole bunch of new stills from Season 7. Oh, Harry. Your future grandkids are going to laugh so hard when they see pictures of you in that getup.
The first half of Mad Men‘s seventh and final season premieres on April 13. The second half will air in 2015.
While he is building a narrative of hope and optimism, Justin Trudeau showed he can also attack his rivals as he launched a convention that will start building his party's platform for the 2015 general election.
The Liberal Leader took a series of shots at his opponents in Ottawa and Quebec City in his opening address to more than 2,000 delegates, accusing other party leaders of exploiting the economic worries of Canadians for their own political gains.
Mr. Trudeau is facing pressure to spell out how he would tackle Canada's economic challenges, and the four-day convention provides a key opportunity for his party to start sharpening its policies. Mr. Trudeau is front-and-centre at the event, giving two speeches, including one on Saturday afternoon that is supposed to provide further details on his agenda to fuel economic growth and help the middle class.
Story continues below advertisement
The welcoming statement to the convention on Thursday evening, however, was more partisan, with Mr. Trudeau using his initial speech to go after Prime Minister Stephen Harper, Quebec Premier Pauline Marois and NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair.
He started off by slamming the Parti Québécois government's proposed Charter of Values, which would prevent provincial employees from wearing religious symbols at work. Mr. Trudeau linked the rise in "identity politics" and "intolerance" in Quebec with the economic insecurities of all Canadians.
"In a growing and fair economy, the PQ's divisive plan would not only be unrealistic, it would be unthinkable. But in the absence of a real and fair chance, fear and division can take root anywhere," he said.
Stating that household debt is rising and that real wages are falling, Mr. Trudeau said the federal government is resorting to negative and divisive politics to try to stay in power.
"It's always much easier to distract people from the problem than it is to solve it. People are susceptible to fearful, divisive messages when they are worried about their jobs, their debts, their retirement, their kids' future," Mr. Trudeau said.
Mr. Trudeau accused the Prime Minister and Mr. Mulcair of being "in a competition to see who can make Canadians angrier." The alternative, Mr. Trudeau said, is in appealing to Canadians' sense of fairness and optimism.
"We are here to hope, we are here to work hard, we are here to build, we are here to put together the team and the plan to make this country better," he said. "After eight long years, Canadians are tired of Mr. Harper's party and of their negative approach to politics. … But they don't just want a different government, they want a better government."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Over all, Mr. Trudeau called on Liberals to come up with an "ambitious" agenda for the country, stating it was time to "get this work done."
The first day of the convention also featured a conversation between Liberal MP Chrystia Freeland and U.S. economist Larry Summers. Mr. Summers, the adviser to American President Barack Obama said that governments must go beyond ensuring the soundness of their country's financial system, and that the biggest test facing governments is ensuring the growth and prosperity of the middle class.
Mr. Summers touched on a number of themes that will be debated by Liberals at the convention, including investing in infrastructure and education. Instead of cutting on spending, Mr. Summers said governments should aim to fuel prosperity as a way to lower the debt-to-GDP ratio.
"Let's invest and grow," Mr. Summers said.
Mr. Trudeau ended his speech with a video call to his family in Ottawa, given that his wife, Sophie Grégoire, is due to give birth to the couple's third child very soon. He said during his rehearsal that if Ms. Grégoire goes into labour during the convention, he will go back home.
Other parties have sent observers to the convention to offer their appraisal of Mr. Trudeau's performance and the Liberal policy choices, including NDP MP Alexandre Boulerice and Conservative minister Pierre Poilievre.
As soon as I woke up after the election night in America, messages from my relatives living in the US began to pour in. The one that struck me most was my aunt's: “This is like a bad dream — I think I will wake up tomorrow and find out everything is back to normal.”
I contemplated going back to sleep and not facing the fact that the unthinkable has indeed happened: Donald Trump is the President of the United States.
Just when I thought the world couldn't get any worse, it did. I believe that in voting for this man, America has voted for bigotry, misogyny, and xenophobia.
As I watched Trump make his way to the podium to give his victory speech, I could only feel disbelief. It was as though my whole system had turned upside down, refusing to process what was unfolding in front of my eyes.
We are normally under the impression that authoritarian, racist, and corrupt regimes are reserved for the third world only.
Rigged elections and political upheavals are the norm for us in Pakistan. When the state announces an emergency in the country or when there is a strike, our children celebrate. Another day off from school always feels good.
So we reluctantly accept the situation, although we don't want our system to remain this way.
But we have never thought that this could ever be the case with the United States.
So many Pakistanis look to move to the West to be successful in life, or at least to have a better life for their children. America is seen as the land of opportunity, where many of us spend years investing our time and effort in order to land a decent job and become a citizen of what many of us believe is the most progressive country in the world.
The American Dream has had its appeal for us as well. We see it as a country built by immigrants and in which everyone has a place.
In our perception, there are many things that distinguish the US from Pakistan. Their justice system is flawless and there is immense emphasis on equal rights and opportunities for everyone, irrespective of their race or religion. We feel that the kind of violence we experience in Pakistan on a daily basis is not something that we can witness in the US.
Anything resembling what being an American look like is admirable in the eyes of many of us. Some are impressed by their accents, attire and other American mannerisms, while some wish their children marry someone who has a blue passport.
So, many of us pack our bags to go to America to make a life there. The struggle to make it in a new country is real but we never lose our motivation despite the challenges.
But today, for the first time, it seems as though the grass isn't that green on the other side.
Until today, I had never heard my family members who spent their whole lives in the US say they want to come back to Pakistan.
In a country built by immigrants, many who arrived recently are finding out that a significant part of the population isn't as welcoming.
What could be a bigger confirmation of this tendency than the vote for Trump, whose campaign promise was to build a wall to keep out Mexicans and put a ban on Muslims coming into the country?
As Trump marks his victory, it is only a reminder of how people's mindset has not changed despite eight years of Obama's presidency, during which the outgoing President made clear efforts not to stoke Islamophobia by refusing to blame all Muslims or Islam for incidents such as the Orlando shootings or the Boston bombings.
Racism is clearly at play here.
Many of us were counting on Hillary Clinton to be the candidate to defeat Trump. Looking at the opinion polls prior to Election Day, I was confident Trump stood no chance against her.
I thought to myself that America is finally ready to vote for a female in the White House. But my hopes were misplaced.
I couldn't begin to fathom why or how this happened. Clinton was the obvious better choice amongst the two.
But that's when I realised that we had all failed to acknowledge that some things wouldn't have changed under her rule either. And perhaps we overlooked the many issues with Clinton and her campaign when a racist, egocentric, and misogynist was her opponent.
Let's not forget, Clinton is part of the governing establishment: she is Secretary Clinton. A Wall Street-endorsed candidate, she ran an incompetent campaign and lost states that were seen as ones that always vote blue.
I think if she had won, Americans would have felt proud for voting in a woman after having voted their first ever African-American head of state.
While it would have been a historic moment, and we all know it would have been better to have her in the White House than Trump, let's not ignore the fact that Clinton had many skeletons in her closet.
And while Trump is a disaster, having too much hope in Clinton would have led to a lot of disappointment as well.
In this election, many covers have been blown.
About This Game
Help! Steam crashes when I launch ChromaGun!
"Totally, totally loving this game!" – TangoTek, YouTube"Absolutely phenomenal" – BUBisAwesome, Twitch"A great mixture of careful puzzle solving and hectic danger-avoiding" – Jillian Werner, Gamezebo============Welcome to ChromaTec's test lab! You're here to test our newest, state-of-the-art military-grade color-technology: The ChromaGun (patent pending)! Use it to try and solve our meticulously designed test chambers. The basic principle is as easy as applying it is complex: Exit the chambers via the exit doors. But be weary of the WorkerDroids in charge of maintaining the chambers. They're not exactly what you and I would call “human friendly”.Use the ChromaGun to colorize walls and WorkerDroids to progress in the chambers. WorkerDroids are attracted to walls of the same color. Using that mechanic, try to reach the exit door of each chamber. Some doors are more complicated to use than others: They can only be opened using door triggers and only stay open as long as the triggers are occupied.If all of this sounds like your brain can handle it, congratulations! You're the perfect candidate for our test chambers!That being said, welcome and good luck!If you're having trouble getting ChromaGun to launch, try deactivating your firewall and anti-virus software. Sometimes these seem to cause crashes when launching certain games through steam. You can read up on the issue here: https://support.steampowered.com/kb_article.php?ref=9828-SFLZ-9289
I enjoyed reading this book, particularly the first half or so. The plot was interesting and the character development was pretty good but the story took a turn for the worse when the doctor decided to visit her long-lost daughter. At that point the book took on a "huh?" quality because behaviors that were seemingly ingrained in the doctor miraculously disappeared and she became a totally different person. The resolution of the situation with her grandchildren was too quick, neat, and orderly--not at all like it would be in real life, logistically or legally. The final situation with the long-lost daughter was also resolved too quickly and neatly. I got to the end of the book expecting another chapter or two in which the author would wrap things up but after reading the last line I turned the page and found...nothing more of the story. I was disappointed that it ended as quickly as it did, without much tension or drama or realistic situations that one would find if it happened in real life.
The Savant of Chelsea struck me as a book that the author ran out of time or interest for. If the second part of the book had been fleshed out more and given more realism, I would have given it at least four stars. The way everything wrapped up very quickly and neatly was a disappointment to me. The author could have really done some interesting things with the story line and the character development of the children...and with the issues the family faces after all the dust settles. Maybe a sequel?
Who's On The List Of State Sponsors Of Terrorism, And Why
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP Pablo Martinez Monsivais/AP
The White House announced Tuesday that President Obama would remove Cuba from the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism. That got us thinking about which other nations are on the list, how they got there, whether any others have been removed, and what happens to countries when they're put on (or taken off) the list.
Who's On The List?
Aside from Cuba, there are three other countries currently on the list:
Iran, there since Jan. 19, 1984
Sudan, since Aug. 12, 1993
Syria, since the list's inception on Dec. 29, 1979
Cuba, added March 1, 1982
The countries that have been removed are Iraq, Libya, North Korea and the former South Yemen.
Why Are they There?
Three laws dictate a country's presence on the list:
To be added to the list, according to the U.S. State Department, the secretary of state "must determine that the government of such country has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism."
That designation triggers unilateral sanctions by the U.S. These include a ban on weapons exports and sales; the imposition of financial and other curbs, as well as a ban on economic assistance; and restrictions on the exports of items that can be used by the country to enhance its military capability or its ability to support terrorism.
Cuba was previously accused by the State Department of being a safe haven for armed left-wing groups from Colombia and Spain. In its most recent report on terrorism, the State Department noted that "there was no indication that the Cuban government provided weapons or paramilitary training to terrorist groups." But, it added: "The Cuban government continued to harbor fugitives wanted in the United States. The Cuban government also provided support such as housing, food ration books, and medical care for these individuals."
Iran was cited for its support of the Shiite group Hezbollah, as well as Hamas in Gaza, the Houthis in Yemen and other militant groups across the region.
Sudan was listed for allowing terrorist groups to operate on its soil, but the State Department notes that the country "remained a generally cooperative counterterrorism partner and continued to take action to address threats to U.S. interests and personnel in Sudan."
Syria, the report said, continued its political support of groups such as Hezbollah and other groups.
It's worth noting that being on a U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism does not necessarily mean that the country stops trading with other nations. Typically, as in the case of Iran, strong multilateral sanctions are needed to have an impact.
How Do Countries Get Removed?
For a country to get off the list, the U.S. secretary of state must make a recommendation to the president. Should the president accept the recommendation, a 45-day review follows during which Congress can vote on whether to block the move. A country can be officially removed from the list after that time.
Just because a country is no longer on the list doesn't necessarily mean it is considered a U.S. ally, but it does mean the U.S. and said country can enjoy a semblance of normal relations.
As President Obama told NPR in an interview this month: "There are areas where there are serious differences, and you know, I don't expect immediate transformation in the Cuban-American relationship overnight," he said. "But I do see the possibility — a great hunger within Cuba — to begin a change — a process that ultimately, I think, can lead to more freedom and more opportunity."
Indeed, countries that have been removed from the list are not all U.S. allies.
For example, Iraq was one of the original members of the list, but it was removed in 1982 during the Iran-Iraq War when the U.S. was supporting Saddam Hussein. Iraq was slapped back on the list in 1990 following its invasion of Kuwait.
Libya, another of the original members, was removed in 2006 when its then leader, Moammar Gadhafi, gave up his program to make weapons of mass destruction and, in the words of the U.S., renounced his support of terrorism.
North Korea was removed in 2008 following commitments it made on its nuclear program.
South Yemen was removed when it was united with the north.
The BBC has announced 12 new comedy pilot shows including a new animation starring Peaky Blinders co-stars Tom Hardy and Charlotte Riley about a gang of friends coping in a world without the internet.
Advertisement
Alongside Javone Prince and Kayvan Novak, Hardy and Riley (who are married in real life) will lend their voice and features to the animated sitcom Sticky, which follows four best friends who attend a college located in London's mythical borough of Shatford.
Suddenly the internet disappears and the world is thrown into chaos. Can the friends cope offline? Who would kidnap the web and why? The pilot sees the quartet embarking on a thrilling rescue mission to infiltrate the headquarters of the mysterious perpetrators of this web-based crime.
“Although based in reality, the freedom that animation brings allows Sticky to present an unlimited range of diverse characters and epic locations,” says a BBC spokeswoman. “Be prepared for the weird to collide with the epic. Plus Putin and Trump make guest appearances.”
The comedy will be directed and produced by Ed Tracy (Fonejacker, Facejacker) and has been written by a team of writers leads by Steve Burge.
The show is part of a raft of new pilots announced tonight by the BBC across BBC1, BBC2 and BBC3 and which will all air across the coming twelve months.
The other new shows include:
BBC1
Mister Winner
A sitcom Written by Matt Morgan (Hospital People) and starring Spencer Jones (Upstart Crow, Tim Vine Travels Through Time) as Leslie Winner, a well-meaning but hapless man who is prone to accidents. Aimee-Ffion Edwards (Skins, Peaky Blinders) plays his girlfriend while Shaun Williamson (EastEnders, Extras) and Dorothy Atkinson (Call The Midwife, Mum) play his parents Chris and Teresa.
Tim Vine Travels Through Time
Master of the pun Tim Vine steps inside his very special Grandfather clock which allows him to travel back in time. In the pilot he ventures to Sherwood Forest in the days of Robin Hood and his band of merry men as he bids to find a celebrity for the grand opening of his antique shop. Strictly Come Dancing champion Ore Oduba plays Robin in the comedy which Vine describes as “Doctor Who with puns.”
Static
Rob (Rob Beckett) jacks in a job in London to move back in with his parents in their southeast London family home, only to discover they've just sold the house and moved to a static caravan park in Margate. His father is played by Phil Davis.
BBC2
Famalam
A new comedy sketch show featuring skits ranging from alien encounters in the outer reaches of the galaxy to what happens when a man is left on his own in a house for 10 minutes holding only a phone and a remote. The show stars Vivienne Acheampong (The Aliens), Gbemisola Ikumelo (Sunny D), Roxanne Sternberg (Emerald City), Samson Kayo (Youngers) and Hohn Macmillan (Dark Knight Rises, Chewing Gum).
The Other One
Narrative comedy about two girls called Catherine Walcott. They are sisters who had no idea the other existed until their father drops dead. Stars Siobhan Finneran (Downton Abbey, Happy Valley), Rebecca Front (The Thick of It, War and Peace), Ellie White (Inside No 9, The Windsors), Lauren Socha (Misfits, Catastrophe) and Amit Shah (Hospital People, Stag, W1A).
The Pact
Amy (Sarah Solemani – Him & Her, Bridget Jones' Baby) and Andy (Brett Goldstein – Superbob, Derek) play two teenage friends who have made a pact that if they're both still single aged 35, they'll marry each other. Amy doesn't think it'll ever happen. Andy, who's secretly in love with Amy, desperately hopes that it will. The action starts when they meet twenty years later…
BBC3
Chinese Burn
Sitcom following the escapades of three ‘normal' Chinese girls – Elizabeth the failed Chinese daughter, Jackie the feisty struggling actress and Fufu the Buddhist princess, fresh off the plane – as they negotiate the trials of modern life in London. Written by new writing talent, Yennis Cheung and Shin-Fei Chen and featuring a guest performance from Felicity Montagu (Alan Partridge).
Hailmakers
Hailmakers follows hapless entrepreneurs Saz and Sol. Stars Akemnji Ndifornyen (The Javone Prince Show, Ackee and Saltfish) as Saz, Samson Kayo (Timewasters, Youngers) as Sol, and Jason Barnett (Porridge, PhoneShop) as Diggins.
Celebrity Voicemail
BAFTA award-winning Kayvan Novak has adapted his Radio 4 comedy, The Celebrity Voicemail Show.
Wannabe
Wannabe stars Lily Brazier (People Just Do Nothing) as Maxine, an aspiring pop star who tries to fashion the new genre of ‘Mum Pop' in order to hit the big time.
Enterprice
Advertisement
Follows Kazim and Jeremiah – two young entrepreneurs in the early stages of rolling out their home delivery service, Speedi-Kazz. Cast confirmed so far include Kayode Ewumi, Daniel Ezra (Undercover), Ivanno Jeremiah (Humans), and Femi Elufowoju, Jr (Borgen).
Bitcoin in Berlin
Wallet standards, hardware implementations, heuristics—here's what went down at the first annual S3ND meeting
Thomas Kerin Blocked Unblock Follow Apr 3, 2017
Attendees at the first annual S3ND meeting.
Held on April 1–2 in Berlin, the first annual S3ND meeting began with a discussion on the generic hardware wallet standard. As discussions developed, problems with wallet software were highlighted — imagine a website requesting public keys from your wallet so you can sign a multi-signature transaction later . Higher level protocol would be developed around both cases.
For hardware implementation, it was understood that devices would probably have vendor-specific drivers for hardware, but implement the standard protocol.
The aim is to provide “detached” signing, where one entity requests a signature from another, whether the requestor is a bitcoin wallet requesting it from hardware, or a website making a request of a software wallet.
We also discussed other compatibility aspects of bitcoin wallets, such as
whether wallets should accept each other's HD seeds. We reached a consensus that supporting full recovery by another wallet would be impossible, but that wallets MUST be able to recover their own funds.
Other interesting UX aspects were also highlighted. For example, because BIP39 seeds lack versioning or any labeling for their purpose, it was suggested that wallets strongly advise users to write down the name of the wallet that produced the seed, as another wallet importing it may mislead the user about their bitcoin balance.
On to wallet and transaction privacy. We discussed heuristics that can be used to fingerprint a specific wallet (allowing us to learn what produced a transaction or owns an address). There are already some projects with this in their scopes, although it was stated that some proposals affect the anonymity set of wallets that don't implement the proposal, and should be discouraged.
In addition, it was mentioned how several wallets have adopted tricks for privacy as best practice, but there is no place to share them.
The Payment Protocol (BIP70) was also discussed — it was accepted as unfortunate that few merchants have implemented it on their websites, potentially because of the PKI aspect. It may also be that merchants prefer to use Bitpay for its currency conversion. It was also agreed that BIP70 could be modernized to allow RBF policies, fee rate requests, and more.
Segregated witness was discussed briefly, its new address proposal, and migration of wallets between compatible script types. Most indicated they were ready for its activation.
On a “common library” for bitcoin: libwally-core is being developed (in C)
to suit HSM's & bindings to other languages. Also discussed was the wide
array of problems faced by libraries: not fully implementing BIPs, implementation errors, and issues after soft-fork activation. There was a general agreement that a repository containing a “complete” set of test cases would be useful for the implementation of cross-testing.
The event's attendees were representative of the wider wallet ecosystem, with full nodes, hardware and software wallets, and lightning network developers contributing to discussions.
On the first evening we were treated to beer, as well as a demonstration of an onion-routed lightning network payment (over test-net!) Needless to say, the lighting network's progress was discussed during the following day's session, with an overview of recent and upcoming developments and software releases.
On day two, attendees agreed to focus on the following areas of immediate interest:
detached signing standard (for hardware and software) common library: libwally-core test vectors mission extensions to the payment protocol compile wallet tricks to wiki
BTC.com was pleased to be present and participating in the S3ND initiative,
and we look forward to collaborating again in the near future.
We also would like to thank Thomas Voegtlin for hosting the event, and everyone who attended for the fun!
Today, in an action to further uphold the rule of law in the executive branch, Attorney General Jeff Sessions issued a memo prohibiting the Department of Justice from issuing guidance documents that have the effect of adopting new regulatory requirements or amending the law. The memo prevents the Department of Justice from evading required rulemaking processes by using guidance memos to create de facto regulations.
In the past, the Department of Justice and other agencies have blurred the distinction between regulations and guidance documents. Under the Attorney General's memo, the Department may no longer issue guidance documents that purport to create rights or obligations binding on persons or entities outside the Executive Branch.
The Attorney General's Regulatory Reform Task Force, led by Associate Attorney General Brand, will conduct a review of existing Department documents and will recommend candidates for repeal or modification in the light of this memo's principles.
“Guidance documents can be used to explain existing law,” Associate Attorney General Brand said. “But they should not be used to change the law or to impose new standards to determine compliance with the law. The notice-and-comment process that is ordinarily required for rulemaking can be cumbersome and slow, but it has the benefit of availing agencies of more complete information about a proposed rule's effects than the agency could ascertain on its own. This Department of Justice will not use guidance documents to circumvent the rulemaking process, and we will proactively work to rescind existing guidance documents that go too far.”
View the memo here.
Jacqueline Zenn is the director of social media strategy at SociaLogic , a social media marketing firm. Previously, she worked at several leading interactive agencies creating and executing digital strategies. Follow her @jazspin.
Reddit is a site characterized by an ultra-simple user interface that basically consists of links, thumbnail images, and a user policy that prizes anonymity and free speech. Still, Reddit's potential is often overlooked by marketers.
For those that are unacquainted, Reddit is a social content sharing and news aggregator site. Despite a user base that may initially seem to lean toward the geeky and liberal, Reddit is actually richly varied with thousands of user-created and moderated subreddits that focus on a diverse range of topics, from silly "AdviceAnimal" memes to highly technical scientific discussions.
While it lacks the mainstream recognition of Facebook and Twitter, Reddit is still quite popular, with more than thirty five million unique visitors per month. Celebrities use it to interact with the community for promotional purposes, The Colbert Report and The Daily Show have mentioned it, and it's even known for hosting the largest Secret Santa program in the world.
While the community takes a strong stance against spam and blatant promotional attempts, there are still ways that marketers can take advantage of the vibrant and dynamic Reddit community. Here's how.
Subreddits and Market Research
A subreddit is a user-created subsection or subforum of the main Reddit site. Anyone can create a subreddit focused on the topic of their choice, and Reddit users have certainly taken advantage of this, creating thousands of subreddits covering nearly every topic under the sun. As a marketer, the opportunity to observe a community that either fits your specific demographic segment or, in the case of larger brands, is completely devoted to your products, is extremely valuable.
For example, there are subreddits devoted to Coca-Cola, Taco Bell, Ford Mustangs, Nike, and the list goes on. The feedback and opinions from Reddit users who are passionate enough to participate in a dedicated community is a great source of consumer insight that can drive R&D as well as future marketing campaigns. In fact, these subreddits often do their own research and share it publicly, such as the demographic survey performed by the users of r/Fittit, the most popular fitness subreddit based on population.
The culture of respect for anonymity on Reddit also plays a key role in the community. People are more honest when they know their privacy is valued and protected. Unlike Facebook, LinkedIn, and other social networks, these postings will never be tied back to a user's real name, unless they choose to identify themselves. While this is useful in many ways, the level of honesty this creates leads to more accurate and relevant postings.
AskReddit
This subreddit gives users the ability to ask direct questions and receive a wide range of answers from the general community. For marketers, it is essentially a focus group on steroids. The trick is asking questions that aren't necessarily all about the brand. Instead, ask things that are related to it, like a recent thread that asked fast food employees what menu items should never be ordered. Reading this kind of unbiased perspective may require thick skin, but it's undoubtedly valuable in regard to understanding consumer feedback.
Giveaways and Freebies
While the typical model of giving bloggers freebies in exchange for coverage would never work on Reddit, analyzing and understanding the pet causes of Reddit, and offering up freebies where appropriate, can do a lot to build love on this cynical but caring site.
A Journalist's Approach
It's no secret that journalists regularly read Reddit. You can just look at The Huffington Post or any other big web properties to see where they derive their inspiration. Attempting to get the Reddit community to pick up your content directly is not always the best idea, but popular questions often end up getting a broader distribution throughout the web. That may be the best approach.
Image courtesy of wallpapers.net
U.S. intelligence officials appear certain that Russia was responsible for interfering in the presidential election — though they haven't fully detailed how they know. But a classified document leaked by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden reveals that they've tracked Russian hacking before and that the information they gleaned may have helped this time around.
Russian hacking also occurred in the case of Russian journalist and American citizen Anna Politkovskaya, who was gunned down in 2006 in her Moscow apartment after writing articles critical of the Kremlin and Russian President Vladimir Putin. Five men were convicted of her murder, but it's still a mystery who ordered the killing.
A year before she was murdered, Politkovskaya's email was hacked by Russian intelligence using malicious software not publicly available, according to an NSA document leaked by Snowden and published for the first time by The Intercept. Not only does the document reveal that U.S. intelligence knew about the hacking of Politkovskaya's email, it also shows that the agency is adept at tracking cyberattacks by Russian intelligence.
The classified internal NSA entry indicates that the NSA was able to use “intercept signals” to pinpoint the source of the attack. The attacks on Politkovskaya's email account resemble the hacks of Democratic National Committee emails during the campaign that were damaging to Hillary Clinton, and the NSA could have used the same tactics to track the source as it did in Politkovskaya's case.
Evidence that could publicly attribute responsibility for the DNC hack certainly exists at #NSA, but DNI traditionally objects to sharing. — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) July 25, 2016
Snowden tweeted earlier this year that NSA has the capability to track the source of such a hack. He cited Xkeyscore, a pre-Snowden secret computer system used by the NSA for searching and analyzing global internet data, that “makes following exfiltrated data easy. I did this personally against Chinese ops.”
Even if the attackers try to obfuscate origin, #XKEYSCORE makes following exfiltrated data easy. I did this personally against Chinese ops. — Edward Snowden (@Snowden) July 25, 2016
U.S. intelligence certainty about the hacks and the credibility of its analysis will be critical in the coming weeks as President-elect Donald Trump seeks to downplay any Russian interference in the U.S. presidential campaign. He has cast doubt on the intelligence community's statement before the election that Russia was responsible for hacking and releasing the DNC communications. Officials have since said that they believe the attacks were ordered by Putin in a deliberate effort to sway the vote for Trump, who has frequently praised the Russian leader.
Trump said Wednesday that it was time to “move on” and that it was impossible to know who was responsible for the leaks. On Thursday, Trump said he would meet with intelligence officials next week to discuss the issue but said again that “it's time for our country to move on to bigger and better things.”
President Barack Obama has struck back at Russia with a series of sanctions for the hacking and has called for Congress to be presented with intelligence reports on the cyberattacks.
Big croc capture a reminder of Top End dangers
Updated
Northern Territory rangers have removed a large saltwater crocodile from a trap near Katherine.
The 3.9-metre croc was found at Donkey Camp on the Katherine River on Monday.
Earlier this year, a 4.6-metre saltie was caught in the same trap.
More than 180 crocodiles have been caught by rangers so far this year.
Parks and Wildlife Service senior ranger John Burke says the trap at Donkey Camp is located 15 kilometres upstream from the Katherine and 10 kilometres downstream from Nitmiluk National Park.
"We think this crocodile has been in the area for a while but has evaded our traps until now, as crocodiles are usually less active during the colder months," he said.
"As the weather heats up and temperatures rise, crocodiles become more active and more likely to move around looking for food.
"This is another reminder to people to be extremely cautious about any waterways in the Top End, because estuarine crocodiles can and do move around throughout the year."
Topics: crocodile, national-parks, travel-and-tourism, katherine-0850, darwin-0800
First posted
Germany has handled the migrant crisis “exceedingly well” and other countries should learn from its example, a senior partner at PwC Germany has said.
Writing ahead of the World Economic Forum gathering of leaders in Davos, Switzerland, this week, Norbert Winklejohann has lauded Germany's response to the migrant crisis, which saw more than 1 in 20 of the world's 20 million refugees arrive in the country in 2015, suggesting other countries could learn from Germany's example.
“Germany has not buckled. On the contrary, it has handled the pressure exceedingly well, proving that through sustained collaboration among governments, business, and civil society, countries can develop effective approaches to meeting the needs of refugees and the countries that receive them,” he said.
His argument builds upon a broader theme being discussed by politicians and leaders in Davos this week, namely that globalisation is of benefit to business, and therefore to citizens through increased revenue. In this vein, Winklejohann argued that the migrant crisis is a “valuable opportunity” for businesses and migrants alike, which must not be squandered.
“Companies that are not afraid of language barriers and cultural differences early in the integration process are rewarded with the chance to train and hire people who are highly motivated and often highly skilled. For companies facing skills shortages, this should be particularly tempting. Manufacturing, health care, and nursing are likely to benefit the most from the growth in the labour pool.”
He concluded: “As we have seen in Germany, business can play a major role in supporting national and local governments, thereby helping the refugees, themselves, and the wider economy. In that sense, the refugee crisis really is a valuable opportunity. For refugees' sake – and our own – we should not squander it.”
In fact, a study by Kiel-based Institute for World Economics estimated that only two per cent of the migrants arriving in Germany in 2015 were employable, while two thirds could neither read nor write.
Similarly, a survey by the Frankfurter Allgemeiner Zeitung last June found that, of the top 30 companies on the German stock exchange (DAX), who between them employ four million people, just three had hired any migrants arriving in 2015.
Fifty migrants had been hired by the Post Office, while Software giant SAP and pharmaceutical manufacturer Merck had hired two each.
The Freedom From Religion Foundation has strongly objected to a recent police chief-led prayer meeting in Mississippi's capital and largest city.
"State and local leaders gathered Friday for a prayer meeting," reports a TV station. "It was held at the Jackson Police Department's headquarters. Jackson police and firefighters gathered together, along with Mayor Tony Yarber and Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant. 'You must submit to the one that has the power over life and death, and that's what we are doing today,' said Chief Lee Vance."
FFRF contacted Vance after learning from a local resident about the Jan. 13 prayer meeting. Organizing and leading prayer in an official capacity on government property and advocating prayer as a department-wide crime-fighting strategy constitutes illegal religious endorsement that violates the U.S. Constitution, FFRF reminded the police chief.
"Calling upon citizens to pray is coercive and beyond the authority of any government official, let alone a community's chief law enforcement officer," FFRF Staff Attorney Sam Grover wrote to him. "The Supreme Court has repeatedly recognized that the First Amendment 'mandates governmental neutrality between religion and religion, and between religion and nonreligion.'"
Besides, such an act is deeply alienating for the non-Christian and nonreligious population of Jackson. Roughly one-fourth of Americans and one-third of Millennials identify as nonreligious.
"Rather than inviting minority religious and nonreligious citizens to join you in prayer to your personal god, it would be more prudent to separate the department's efforts at crime reduction from religious rituals," FFRF stated. "That way everyone in the community, regardless of religious or nonreligious preference, could participate freely."
Citizens interact with and rely on law enforcement officers during some of the most vulnerable times of their lives. These citizens should not be made to feel offended and excluded, because their police chief oversteps his authority by endorsing a religious message. FFRF also underlined the hypocrisy of calling for a reduction in crime through an act that itself breaks the law.
"Our message to pious public officials is: Get off your knees and get to work," says FFRF Co-President Annie Laurie Gaylor. "The Jackson police chief needs to follow the Constitution, instead of making his own rules."
Vance must stop leading prayer services on city property in his capacity as police chief, and FFRF asks him to inform it in writing of the actions the department takes to set an example for its community by following the law.
The Freedom From Religion Foundation is a nationwide nonprofit organization that works to protect the constitutional principle of separation of church and state. It represents 26,000 nonreligious members across the country, including in Mississippi.
A few weeks ago, from Switzerland, John Baird tweeted a picture of himself grinning into the camera, shaking the hand of a short, unprepossessing fellow who seemed amused and distracted by something elsewhere in the room.
"Great to have dinner & speak with President el-Sisi last night," gushed Baird, who was at the time still Canada's foreign affairs minister.
A few days earlier, in Egypt begging for the release of a Canadian journalist, Baird had raved about the governance of Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, the former Egyptian top general who used the army to grab power in 2013.
"I personally reaffirm Canada's strong support for the new government of Egypt and its transition to democracy and the inclusion of human rights and rule of law," Baird said.
Several other Western governments, including the U.S., have had similar praise for el-Sissi's regime; Baird's was merely the most honeyed.
Secretary of State John Kerry has said that el-Sissi gives "a very strong sense of his commitment to human rights."
And American, British and European officials can barely mention Egypt without including the phrase "democratic transition," something that is not much in evidence.
Left diplomatically unsaid is the massacre of up to 1,000 protesters by el-Sissi's shock troops in Cairo's Raba'a Square 18 months ago.
Most Western governments made a fuss at the time (though Canada's mild statement seemed to place equal blame on the slaughtered protesters). But no one wants to bring up that episode now.
A strong indictment
Also ignored these days are the tens of thousands of Egyptians who have disappeared into Egypt's prisons, where enthusiastic torturers labour on, oblivious to el-Sissi's supposed emphasis on human rights.
Then Canadian foreign minister John Baird with his Egyptian counterpart Sameh Shukri in Cairo in January, when Baird was lobbying for the release of Egyptian-Canadian journalist Mohamad Fahmy. (The Associated Press)
Foreign leaders prefer not to bring up the razing of hundreds of civilian homes and forced re-locations near the border with Israel in the Sinai — purportedly to facilitate the hunting of Islamist militants — or the regime's harsh repression of any dissent, or even free speech.
Those details, unfortunate and lamentable as they may be, are all secondary to Egypt's "return to stability," as Prime Minister Stephen Harper has called it.
As British journalist Tom Stevenson puts it in his recent investigation of Egypt's secret prison system: "The West appears to see no contradiction in supporting the 'stability' of the el-Sissi regime at a time when the Egyptian population is suffering from the extreme instability that comes with mass arrests and torture."
Stevenson, who was reporting from Cairo for the London Review of Books, is a courageous reporter, but he'd better watch his back.
Mohamed Fahmy, the Egyptian-Canadian journalist whose work for Al Jazeera's English network was unremarkable by comparison, has spent months in Egyptian prisons, and may yet do more.
Baird's praise of el-Sissi and Canada's promise of millions in aid to Egypt have managed to secure Fahmy nothing more than a new hearing.
Spike in detentions
Stevenson has a lot of experience in Cairo. His report asserts that Egypt's security organs have established a fearsome, secret network of prisons to accommodate the vast numbers of people rounded up.
For Egypt, says Stevenson, the result is "a spike in the number of citizens in detention unlike any in its history."
Stevenson's account is hardly isolated: groups like Human Rights Watch (whose officials have been barred from Egypt) and Amnesty International have documented the purges and abuses.
But Stevenson actually names and locates what he calls the "black" prisons.
He describes a range of tortures, including electric shocks, dousing with freezing water, use of boiling water and oil, beatings, strappings and rape, and prisoners crammed so tightly in airless, insufferably hot cells that they cannot move, let alone sleep or squat to relieve their bowels.
Egyptian President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi greats Russia's Vladimir Putin in Cairo last month. The new government has welcomed U.S. military aid but kept its alliances open. (Reuters)
Sometimes, says Stevenson, the torturers aren't even seeking information. He calls it "recreational torture."
Western governments have complained about these abuses from time to time, especially after the military coup in 2013.
But once el-Sissi morphed from top general to president a year later, after a wildly one-sided vote, Western reservations largely fell away.
The U.S. resumed shipments of attack helicopters and other military aid. And Baird applauded el-Sissi's efforts to "confront the terrorist acts of the Muslim Brotherhood."
The Brotherhood is, of course, the principal target of the regime.
The government has banned it, again, and arrested its members en masse. The usurped former president, Mohammed Morsi, remains an inmate in Borg al-Arab prison.
But el-Sissi didn't stop there. His government went after labour activists, and writers, and academics. His soldiers occupied universities.
Anyone who speaks out, says Stevenson, is "regarded as an army would regard captured combatants."
It's all about Iran
In January, el-Sissi's troops opened fire on protesters marking the fourth anniversary of the short-lived revolution that ousted the former dictator, Hosni Mubarak. They killed at least 23 people.
Egypt's courts, meanwhile, have overturned or dismissed Mubarak's criminal convictions.
Ferry de Kerckhove, Canada's former ambassador to Egypt, laughs at the very idea that human rights in Egypt have any importance for the West.
Egyptians light candles during a vigil for 21 Egyptian Christians killed by ISIS last month. The brutal murders provoked Egypt to launch air strikes against ISIS's bases in Libya, bringing el-Sissi's government more closely into the fight against the Islamic State. (The Associated Press)
"Nobody cares," he says. Of paramount importance, he says, is keeping the Brotherhood crushed, respecting the peace deal with Israel, and playing along with any agreement between Western nations and Iran to limit its nuclear ambitions.
It is essential that Saudi Arabia and Egypt not obstruct that deal, says de Kerckhove: "Why would they make life miserable for el-Sissi when they are trying to achieve that? Human rights are completely out the window."
So, billions in aid are flowing in. So is European investment.
Stephen Harper, meanwhile, has said that Egypt's "transition toward democracy," while of course desirable, shouldn't be so abrupt that it would risk "forces from the street that run out of control."
After all, he said in a speech in Tel Aviv last year, el-Sissi's elected predecessor was bent on using an element of democracy, an election win, to create an "authoritarian Islamic state."
Well. At least it isn't Islamic anymore.
Gray State Screenwriter David Crowley, his wife and five-year-old daughter were found dead on Sunday morning in a Minnesota home in what is being called a murder-suicide.
Crowley, 29, his wife Komel, 28 and their five-year-old daughter were found after their next door neighbor Collin Prochnow discovered their bodies and notified the Apple Valley Police.
Prochnow told the Star Tribune that he had simply gone over to gather packages from the family's front porch when he looked inside and noticed the bodies and the family dog in the house.
take our poll - story continues below
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story?
Will the media learn anything from their biased reporting of the Jussie Smollett story? * Yes, they've gotten so much wrong recently that they're bound to be on their best behavior. No, they suffer from a bad case of Trump Derangement Syndrome. Jussie who?
Email *
Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Completing this poll grants you access to Freedom Outpost updates free of charge. You may opt out at anytime. You also agree to this site's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
Crowley was the screenwriter for a controversial FEMA camp movie titled Gray State. The film depicts what Crowley envisioned happening following an economic collapse and breakdown of society in America. Watch the trailer below.
The Daily Mail also provided additional details on the Crowleys.
On his Intsagram, Crowley posted pictures of himself holding weapons and wearing hunting attire.
He was also filmed in a video for the Bullet Exchange, a supplier of military and police film props.
According to Mrs Crowley's career profile, she is a self-employed Registered Dietitian Nutritionist (RDN) with six years experience in counseling, medical nutrition therapy, eating psychology, and functional medicine.
She also ran a consulting firm known as MindBody Dietitians.
Bill and Alice Hixson, who lived across the street from the Crowley house for the past 21 years told the Tribune that they witnessed the father and daughter playing in the back yard recently.
"It's such a grisly, gruesome thing," Alice Hixson said.
The Apple Valley Police Department is being assisted in their investigation by the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension and the Dakota County Sheriff's Office.
Police aren't saying how long the family had been dead, but according to Prochnow it appears that they may have been killed before Christmas due to the number of packages on their front porch.
Crowley had begun a Facebook page to document his how his film was coming along. Back in June of 2014, Crowley explained how things had been moving along.
The past month I've been meeting with some LA-based producers, crew, and other industry contacts, and together we are building the team that will combine our passions and talents and belief in Gray State to optimize its message and reach of its exposure. This has been a truly exhilarating experience!
My attorney and I are reviewing the option contract this week, and once that sucker is signed this whole Gray State thing is going to finally, irretrievably, and monstrously take off for the stratosphere - and in such a way that the message will be preserved - and perhaps even continue in sequels, TV series, and video games. Seriously. Talk about taking over the main stream.
This has been my life's work for nearly 4 years, and it is extremely gratifying to be backed by such a raging horde of super-fans. Thanks for your patience guys. See you at the premiere.
In September, Crowley fielded questions from followers on Facebook about the film. The film was not complete at the time of his death, even though it was being put together for the past four years. Unfortunately, Crowley indicated that there were no big funders of his project.
In wake of the news of the death of Crowley, the Gray State Facebook page posted the following on Sunday:
It is with great sadness and regret that I have to write this....Gray State founder, director and screenwriter David Crowley and his family have passed away. Please pray for their families and friends of which they had many.
We will try and keep you all posted, but this page will go dark for awhile as the future of Gray State is uncertain...please understand we are all in complete shock by this having lost a great friend.
Let's see what all will come out concerning this incident following the "official" investigation.
I don't know about you, but something in all of this tells me that something is rotten in Denmark. What about you?
Check out thirteen minutes of The Gray State: So Close You Can Touch It
Boston bombing suspects' family 'has received more than $100,000 in U.S. welfare benefits'
Bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26, received welfare up until 2012
Benefits include cash, food stamps and housing assistance
Details of the benefits are contained within more than 500 documents handed over to state officials on Monday
The family of the Boston bombing suspects has received more than $100,000 in welfare benefits over the last decade, according to the Boston Herald.
Details of the benefits - which included cash, food stamps and housing assistance - are contained within more than 500 documents that were handed over from Massachusetts welfare officials to a committee of state lawmakers on Monday.
The documents have not been released publicly, but a person who has reviewed them told the Herald that the 'breadth of the benefits the family was receiving was stunning.'
In need: Katherine Russell Tsarnaev, left on April 20 in Cambridge, and her husband, right in 2009, began receiving welfare shortly after the birth of their daughter
Example: The suspects' parents Zubeidat, left, and Anzor, right both at a news conference on Thursday in Dagestan, Russia, also received federal and state welfare benefits when they lived in the U.S.
The Herald also spoke to Massachusetts Rep. David Linsky about the documents, who promised a thorough review of the assistance that the family received.
'I can assure members of the public that this committee will actively review every single piece of information we can find because clearly the public has a substantial right to know what benefits, if any, this family or individuals accused of some horrific crimes were receiving,' said Linsky, the committee's chairman.
It has been previously reported that deceased Boston bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev and his wife Katherine relied on food stamps and public assistance from 2011 to 2012, soon after they became parents.
Last Friday, the Massachusetts Department of Transitional Assistance detailed how the couple received food stamps from September 2011 to November 2012.
The couple, who married in June 2010, are believed to have become parents to their daughter, Zahara, in 2011, in the months before they began receiving the aid.
First born: Tamerlan and Katherine's daughter Zahara, pictured this week with her grandmother Judith Russell in Rhode Island, is believed to have been born in 2011
In addition to food stamps, the young family also benefited from TAFDC (Transitional Aid to Families with Dependent Children), a program for low income parents with dependent children.
TAFDC is paid out twice a month and can be directly deposited into a recipient's bank account.
The assistance was paid to Katherine, since a person must be a U.S. citizen, or eligible non-citizen, to receive the aid.
Welfare benefits paid to the Tsarnaevs
Food Stamps: Oct. 2002 to Nov. 2004: Tsarnaev parents ( Anzor and Zubeidat) received food stamps Aug. 2009 to Dec. 2011: Tsarnaev parents ( Anzor and Zubeidat) received food stamps Sep. 2011 to Nov. 2012: Katherine Russell Tsarnaev received food stamps Transitional Aid to Families with Dependent Children program (TAFDC):
Jan. 2003 to March 2003: Tsarnaev parents ( Anzor and Zubeidat) collected TAFDC money Aug. 2009 to June 2010 : Tsarnaev parents ( Anzor and Zubeidat) collected TAFDC money Sept. 2011 to Nov. 2012: Katherine Russell Tsarnaev collected TAFDC money
While the couple took the government aid, the 24-year-old Rhode Island native would sometimes clock as many as 80 hours a week while her unemployed husband stayed at home.
Ultimately his wife's income made the couple ineligible for welfare and they stopped receiving state money in November 2012 .
Welfare officials have been forced to divulge details of the aid that was paid out to the family of the bombing suspects.
Mass. Gov. Patrick Deval told state agencies last week that they should not discuss the details of what government assistance Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev had received, citing privacy concerns.
Welfare information is not available for public release unless the person in question provides their consent, but it is available to lawmakers.
Massachusetts State Rep. David Linsky called on the state's Department of Transitional Assistance to provide him with the information.
Linksy issued an ultimatum on Thursday to welfare officials, giving them 24 hours to provide the information.
The letter from Rep. Linsky was provided to the Boston Herald.
'My office is working to fully comply with your request,' DTA interim commissioner Stacey Monahan wrote in his report to Rep. Linsky, saying they were only providing a summary 'given the great interest in this matter.'
In addition to the aid paid out to Tamerlan and his wife, both alleged bombers had benefited from welfare since their parents Anzor and Zubeidat Tsarnaev collected foodstamps and TAFDC - from 2002 to 2004 and again in 2009 to 2011.
Breadwinner: Lawyers for Katherine Russell (pictured in high school yearbook photos) said the 24-year-old mother worked tirelessly as a home healthcare aid to support her young family. Her husband was unemployed
Since the Tsarnaevs are Chechen immigrants, some wondered why they received aid. But the state agency explained that they were considered eligible for the public assistance.
'The Tsarnaev parents were eligible to receive benefits as legal, non-citizen residents who were granted asylum status and met the basic eligibility criteria for DTA, including household income levels, presence of dependent children and other factors,' the DTA interim commissioner Stacey Monahan said in a letter addressed to David Linsky, Chairman of the House Post Audit and Oversight Committee.
The Herald had reported that sources who knew Tamerlan said that though he sported a flashy appearance, he failed to earn very much money for his family and was essentially a stay-at-home dad.
His younger brother, on the other hand, has been described as more entrepreneurial.
Family: Zubeidat Tsarnaev, center with Tamerlan, and the child's father, Anzor, left, received state aid multiple times from 2002 to 2011 (pictured with an uncle Muhamad Suleimanov (right) in an undated photo)
Dzhokhar, who was a sophomore at University of Massachusetts Dartmouth, attended the school on a scholarship and earned petty cash selling marijuana, sources told the Boston Globe.
Investigators are scrutinizing the brothers' source of income, as they probe whether the pair received outside assistance for their attack, either from a radical group or foreign government.
Security experts have noted though that the modus operandi was relatively cheap, estimating that the materials for each of the pressure cooker bombs used at the Boston Marathon attack could have cost a total of $100 each.
Home Daily News National Enquirer funds playwriting prize…
Trials & Litigation
National Enquirer funds playwriting prize to settle libel suit over Philip Seymour Hoffman coverage
Three days after Philip Seymour Hoffman died of an apparent heroin overdose earlier this month, the 14-year-old son of his close friend, playwright David Bar Katz, discovered an article on the Internet quoting Katz as saying he had freebased cocaine with the actor the night before he died.
There was just one problem: Katz had never spoken with the National Enquirer, the publication quoting him, and says he had never seen Hoffman use drugs, reports the New York Times (reg. req.). Likewise, contrary to what the article said, he was not involved in a romantic relationship with the actor.
Philip Seymour Hoffman. JStone / Shutterstock.com
“After I dropped the kids at school, I looked at my phone, and I've gotten a million calls,” Katz told the Times, and he was being followed on the street by photographers. Within hours, he had signed a libel complaint and now, less than a month later, a settlement has been reached in the case.
The exact amount the Enquirer is paying is confidential, but it will fund a $45,000 annual prize for an unpublished play for years to come, according to Katz and his legal counsel, Judd Burstein.
The 48-year-old playwright receives no personal benefit but has formed the American Playwriting Foundation to administer the prize and will sit on its selection committee along with three other writers.
The Enquirer, which says it was duped by an imposter, has retracted and is publishing a full-page ad in the Times on Wednesday. It did not respond to the newspaper's request for comment.
Katz says he is pleased by the prompt resolution and is now turning his attention to the individual who impersonated him when contacted by the Enquirer. The only reason the playwright hasn't sued him yet is because he wants to be sure he has the right man, the Times reports.
“The issue was never me being outraged at being accused of being gay—we're theater guys, who cares?” Katz said. “The issue was lying about the drugs, that I would betray my friend by telling confidences.”
Beyond a few parochial schools competing for mythic national titles with out-of-state powers, it can be difficult to understand such passion in a place not far from the home of two N.F.L. teams and whose state university now competes in the Big Ten. High-population-density suburbs spill into one another, presumably blurring residential lines.
Lately, Sayreville has often been referred to as a blue-collar town, as if that explains its fealty to a football program that has won three sectional titles in the last four years. But football connects communities of all economic strata in New Jersey. It tugs on the heartstrings of parents whose children have long since moved on. It connects longtime residents to their youth.
But the sport is under siege in so many ways — the N.F.L., among other alarms, dealt with a disturbing hazing issue just last season. Now Sayreville, with a population of about 44,000, is in the cross hairs, divided and disturbed.
“I hear people from here calling up radio stations and saying it's just a little hazing and screaming about losing the season,” Mr. Shara said. “Hazing is hitting a kid with a towel or jockstrap. What we're talking about here is not hazing, it's criminal. If it's true, they should shut it down for five years. I mean, how do you leave 60 or 70 kids alone in a locker room?”
(Getty Images)
Over three decades into his big screen career, Nicolas Cage remains one of the most prolific actors working in Hollywood. At least in recent years, that quantity hasn't always guaranteed quality, but his new movie, a political drama called The Runner that hits theaters on August 7, is one of his best in a while.
Cage stars as Colin Pryce, an idealistic and ambitious Louisiana congressman who rises to prominence by leading the fight to compensate victims of the 2010 BP oil spill, and then falls from grace once his affair with a constituent is exposed to the public. What follows in the drama from first-time feature director Austin Stark is Pryce's struggle to redeem himself as he figures out how willing he is to compromise his ideals.
The 51-year-old Oscar-winner spoke with Yahoo Movies earlier this week about the politicians and their scandals, his thoughts on Superman Lives, and more.
A story about ethically compromised politicians and sex scandals seems particularly timely now.
That's exactly why I made the movie. I wanted to reflect something that I — from a place of neutral — see happening at an increasingly high rate of speed in our country: the decline and fall of politicians who mean well, but get derailed by personal issues that snowball in the media and become the story and eclipse any chance they have of staying in office.
Do you follow politics closely?
I mean I watch the news, I read the New York Times, and I'll watch CNN. I like to see how things play out just from a human standpoint; being a film actor I find it interesting. Without mentioning names, I can tell when someone's lying or isn't lying just by having studied human behavior for a long time. But yes, it's something that I was interested in and I wanted to find a movie that could be topical in that way. And lo and behold Austin Stark came along with this story of a fictional politician.
In New York, we've had Anthony Weiner, Elliot Spitzer, and others taken down by affairs. I'm amazed that some survive the scandals — the film alludes to Louisiana's David Ritter as one of them — and some are cooked forever.
That's true. Again, I did this from a place of neutral, but I see it even in my world. I see how someone's personal flaws can eclipse the movies they make. Even in Film Comment, which at one time was a real gold standard of criticism, with people like Paul Schrader when he was a critic and Pauline Kael and Roger Ebert, they were all about the film and the process and the performance, and, “is it a quality film or not a quality film?”
But it never got into somebody's personal lifestyle making it's way into the review, which is something I think has started happening on a more regular basis, ever since this cultural shift that we've experienced with the outlets like TMZ and gossip becoming the new gold standard. And I think a good critic will probably keep it out, but you'd be surprised at some of the places where it can turn up in somebody's review.
I'm sure it's sort of daunting to try to convince people you're a different character when you have the media reporting on your love life, finances, and politics.
It's true. It's something that I wanted to again hold a mirror to and reflect. You know, dirty laundry sells, but I never thought it would make it into film reviews at the rate that it has. There was a clear line at one point that this is a movie that we're reviewing based on the value of the work, not on the value of the personal life. But that line has become increasingly blurred.
Do you find that it's showed up in reviews of your films?
I think without mentioning names — there was one review that from a pretty important periodical. I was like, “Well you're that paper —what would my personal life have to do with the performance?” It has come across, but not very often. I have been pretty lucky to have been treated on the merit of the work whether they liked it or not, it has been mostly an honest approach from my perspective. But I have seen it once I can think of for my own work and also a few times with other people who I thought did a marvelous job, and then they were being judged on their personal lives in their film performance, which I thought was unreasonable.
This is a story about an innocent man who languished in prison for 26 years while two attorneys who knew he was innocent stayed silent. As correspondent Bob Simon reported earlier this year, they did so because they felt they had no choice.
Alton Logan was convicted of killing a security guard at a McDonald's in Chicago in 1982. Police arrested him after a tip and got three eyewitnesses to identify him. Logan, his mother and brother all testified he was at home asleep when the murder occurred. But a jury found him guilty of first degree murder.
Now new evidence reveals that Logan did not commit that murder, something that was not new to those two attorneys, who knew it all along but say they couldn't speak out until now.
Alton Logan's story cuts to the core of America's justice system.
Simon met Alton Logan in prison, where he's spent almost half of his life.
Asked if he still counts the months and days, Logan told Simon, "There's no need to count the months and the days. Just count the years."
Logan said that during the first five or six years he was "consumed" by anger. "Then I come to the realization that 'Why be angry over something you can't control?'"
Logan, who maintains he didn't commit the murder, thought they were "crazy" when he was arrested for the crime.
Attorneys Dale Coventry and Jamie Kunz knew Logan had good reason to think that, because they knew he was innocent. And they knew that because their client, Andrew Wilson, who they were defending for killing two policemen, confessed to them that he had also killed the security guard at McDonald's - the crime Logan was charged with.
"We got information that Wilson was the guy and not Alton Logan. So we went over to the jail immediately almost and said, 'Is that true? Was that you?' And he said, 'Yep it was me,'" Kunz recalled.
"He just about hugged himself and smiled. I mean he was kind of gleeful about it. It was a very strange response," Kunz said, recalling how Wilson had reacted.
"How did you interpret that response?" Simon asked.
"That it was true and that he was tickled pink," Kunz said.
"He was pleased that the wrong guy had been charged. It was like a game and he'd gotten away with something. But there was just no doubt whatsoever that it was true. I mean I said, 'It was you with the shotgun-you killed the guy?' And he said, 'Yes,' and then he giggled," Coventry added.
The problem was the killer was their client. So, legally, they had to keep his secret even though an innocent man was about to be tried for murder.
"I know a lot of people who would say, 'Hey if the guy's innocent you've got to say so. You can't let him rot because of that,'" Simon remarked.
"Well, the vast majority of the public apparently believes that, but if you check with attorneys or ethics committees or you know anybody who knows the rules of conduct for attorneys, it's very, very clear-it's not morally clear-but we're in a position to where we have to maintain client confidentiality, just as a priest would or a doctor would. It's just a requirement of the law. The system wouldn't work without it," Coventry explained.
So that was the dilemma. They couldn't speak out, they felt, but how could they remain silent?
PALO ALTO, Calif. (BRAIN) — Jobst Brandt died Tuesday at age 80 after a long illness.
Advertisement
Although he never looked to the bike industry for his livlihood, Brandt has influenced the bike world for decades. He was a mechanical engineer with at least six patents to his name; three of them are bike-related. He worked for Porsche automobiles, the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center, Hewlett-Packard and the bike accessories brand Avocet. He wrote The Bicycle Wheel, which was published by Avocet and is a familiar sight in thousands of bike shop work areas around the world.
He was legendary for his riding feats — riding a road bike downstairs, leading all-day road (and offroad) bike adventures around the Santa Cruz Mountains and the Swiss Alps, and appearing in a famous Avocet magazine ad, carving a tight turn at an extreme angle to demonstrate the traction of Avocet's then-novel slick tread. Brandt had championed the slick tire concept within Avocet and was heavily involved with developing products for the company. He even provided its name and logo, which was based on a wood cut he had used on a Christmas card.
Brandt was famous around Palo Alto for sharing his opinions on various bike technology and practices, and with the invention of the Internet he became a near-omnipresence on the rec.bicycles.tech newsgroup in the 1990s.
"Jobst exerted considerable influence over those he knew in the bike industry, but he was not an industry insider. Because he never worked in the bike business, he could offer his opinions about the industry without reservation," said friend Ray Hosler.
In a memoriam on his blog, Hosler said Brandt had crashed his bike on his 76th birthday, riding in a dense fog. It was to be his last bike ride. "His serious injuries added to the burden of other health liabilities," Hosler said.
Industry veteran Ray Keener met Brandt when Keener managed Palo Alto Bicycles. The shop was then owned by the Hoffacker brothers, who also owned Avocet.
"Many of us in the Palo Alto area thought we knew our stuff, until we met Jobst," Keener said. "I would call him up, I still remember his phone number, he would talk for an hour or so about whatever was of interest to him at the moment bike-wise, then he would hang up. Wisdom transmitted.
"Jobst was a giant, as an engineer, a cyclist, and as a man. He was known for being opinionated, which I never thought was true. He was correct, and didn't mind telling you about it."
As for the book, Hosler said Brandt worked on it for more than a decade, with the intention of producing the definitive book on wheel building practice and theory.
"The book has sold well since being published by Avocet and is still in print," Hosler said on his blog. "It could be in print 100 years from now because the principles of wheel building are never going to change. Sure, thanks to new materials we now have 16-spoke wheels, but it's a number that made Jobst cringe."
Brandt is survived by his sons Adrian and Olaf and his brothers Klaus, Goetz, and Ralph.
His parents, Anitta and Professor Karl Brandt fled from Germany to the U.S. in 1933, shortly after the Nazi regime came to power. They settled in Palo Alto's "professorville" neighborhood where they raised their family.
Brandt attended Stanford University where he received his BSME degree, and where his father was a professor. He was part of the ROTC program there and later fulfilled his service obligation in the U.S. Army in Aschaffenburg, Germany.
Brandt spoke German fluently and remained in Germany after his stint with the Army and took a job with Porsche in the Stuttgart area where he worked to design race car suspensions and steering.
During this time he met and married his wife Helga. When he returned to the U.S. with her they settled in Menlo Park, Calif. and started their family. Although the two divorced in the mid '70s, Brandt remained nearby in Palo Alto and they maintained an amicable relationship until the end.
Apart from bicycling, Jobst was an avid naturalist and patron of nature and open-space organizations. He enjoyed bird watching. His son Adrian remembered that he "had a remarkable knack for locating seasonal bounties of elusive and costly chanterelle mushrooms, which he generously shared with family and friends."
The family expects to hold a memorial service in the Palo Alto area in early June.
Example 2.
LRESULT CALLBACK IOP_DISASM(...)
{
...
switch(LOWORD(wParam))
{
case (IDOK || IDCANCEL):
EndDialog(hDlg,TRUE);
return(TRUE);
break;
}
...
}
switch(LOWORD(wParam))
{
case IDOK: //no break
case IDCANCEL:
EndDialog(hDlg,TRUE);
return(TRUE);
break;
}
Example 3.
void projillum(short* wtab, int xdots, int ydots, double dec)
{
...
s = sin(-dtr(dec));
x = -s * sin(th);
y = cos(th);
...
lon = (y == 0 && x == 0) ? 0.0 : rtd(atan2(y, x));
}
Example 4.
int Game::DrawGLScene(void)
{
...
radius=fast_sqrt(maxdistance);
radius=110;
...
}
Example 5.
Q3TextCustomItem* Q3TextDocument::parseTable(...)
{
...
while (end < length
&& !hasPrefix(doc, length, end, QLatin1String(" && !hasPrefix(doc, length, end, QLatin1String(" && !hasPrefix(doc, length, end, QLatin1String(" && !hasPrefix(doc, length, end, QLatin1String(" && !hasPrefix(doc, length, end, QLatin1String(" && !hasPrefix(doc, length, end, QLatin1String(" && !hasPrefix(doc, length, end, QLatin1String(" && !hasPrefix(doc, length, end, QLatin1String("
...
}
< 0).Pc Ps2 Emulator project. Incorrect switch.The error was found through the V560 diagnostic: A part of conditional expression is always true: 2. pcsx2 debugger.cpp 321This code does not have any meaning. The programmer must have intended to write it this way:CPU Identifying Tool project. A too strict condition.The error was found through the V550 diagnostic: An odd precise comparison: x == 0. It's probably better to use a comparison with defined precision: fabs(A - B) 'It is strange to expect that the result will be strictly 0 after executing all these complex calculations using 'sin' and 'cos' functions. Most likely, there must be comparison to be performed with certain accuracy.Lugaru. Double assignment.The error was found through the V519 diagnostic: The 'radius' object is assigned values twice successively. Perhaps this is a mistake. Lugaru gamedraw.cpp 1505The programmer must have deliberately written value 110 into the 'radius' variable for the sake of experiment and then forgot to remove this line. As a result, we have a meaningless and maybe even invalid code.QT project. Duplicated check.The error was found through the V501 diagnostic: There are identical sub-expressions to the left and to the right of the '&&' operator. Qt3Support q3richtext.cpp 6978Presence of the "
Police find DNA match to Swedish reporter who is believed to have been killed on a homemade submarine
Police in Denmark have identified a headless torso found in the Copenhagen waterside as that of Swedish journalist Kim Wall, who police believe was killed on board a Danish inventor's homemade submarine.
Speaking at a press conference on Wednesday morning, Copenhagen police's vice-president, Jens Møller, said metal weights had been attached to the body to prevent it from floating to the surface.
“The body bears the mark of having, most likely, been inflicted deliberate damage with the purpose of ensuring that gasses can pass out of the body – possibly in an attempt to avoid that a body rises from the seabed,” Møller said.
He also said DNA taken from a hairbrush and toothbrush belonging to 30-year-old Wall had matched that of blood found on the submarine.
Peter Madsen, a Danish inventor about whom Wall is believed to have been writing a feature article, was charged with manslaughter last week. He told a court hearing this week that Wall died in an accident on his vessel and that he “buried” her at sea.
My friend Kim Wall's disappearance in Denmark shows: female journalists face danger everywhere Read more
This marked a change from a previous statement in which he claimed to have dropped off Wall alive on the tip of an island off Copenhagen late on 10 August before the vessel sank. Madsen denies manslaughter.
Wall's mother, Ingrid, posted on Facebook on Wednesday: “We cannot see the end of the disaster yet, and a lot of questions are still to be answered.
“The tragedy has hit not only us and other families, but friends and colleagues all over the world. During the horrendous days since Kim disappeared, we have received countless evidence of how loved and appreciated she has been, as a human and friend as well as a professional journalist. From all corners of the world comes evidence of Kim's ability to be a person who makes a difference.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Peter Madsen's private submarine sits on a pier in Copenhagen harbour. Photograph: Jens Dresling/AP
Originally from Sweden, Wall had degrees from Columbia University and the London School of Economics, and had written for publications including the New York Times, Foreign Policy, Time and the Guardian.
Danish authorities had been searching for the reporter since she failed to return from an interview with Madsen on board the Nautilus. She was last seen on the vessel by several people in waters off Copenhagen on the evening of 10 August. Her boyfriend reported her missing in the early hours the next day.
The submarine was later also reported missing, and rescue crews located it shortly after 10am on 11 August in Køge Bay, south of the Danish capital. At about 11am, Madsen jumped into the water after the submarine started to sink. He told personnel on the boat that rescued him that there had been a problem with the ballast tank and something had gone wrong when he tried to repair it.
Police refloated the Nautilus and towed it into harbour for investigation, later suggesting that Madsen may have sunk the boat on purpose to hide evidence.
Madsen appeared before a judge on 12 August for preliminary questioning. The case is not open to the public to protect further investigations, police said.
Kim Wall timeline Kim Wall timeline
On Wednesday Madsen's lawyer said her client still maintains that Wall died accidentally, and that the discovery of the journalist's torso did not mean he was guilty of killing her.
“It doesn't change my client's explanation that an accident happened,” Betina Hald Engmark told Danish tabloid BT. “No matter what, we find it very positive that she has been found now.”
An entrepreneur, artist, submarine builder and aerospace engineer, Madsen, 46, nicknamed Rocket, has enjoyed a cult status in his native Denmark. For years, a team built around him and the aerospace engineer Kristian von Bengtson have worked on designing a rocket-driven spacecraft.
The Nautilus, which was Madsen's third design for a “midget submarine” vessel and became the largest privately built submarine when it was unveiled in 2008, has been his most spectacular invention to date.
Measuring almost 18 metres and weighing 40 tonnes, it can be operated by one person from its control room. Madsen was known to regularly take fans and submarine enthusiasts on tours through the Øresund strait. Able to submerge in approximately 20 seconds, the boat can carry up to eight people to 100 metres below sea level.
On Tuesday a support group set up in his honour distanced itself from the inventor. “The dream is burst. In view of the latest information released by the Copenhagen police today, there is regrettably no way for us to continue as part of the Raket-Madsen Support Group,” the group's president announced on its website.
Danish police said that in light of the findings they would look afresh into unsolved cases such as the murder of a Japanese tourist in 1986. Body parts of 22-year-old Kazuko Toyonaga were found in plastic bags at separate locations in the waters outside Copenhagen almost a month after the student disappeared on her travels through Scandinavia.
Jessica Reed, the Guardian's US features editor, who commissioned Wall to write articles on a range of subjects, including the last freakshow in America, Voudou in Haiti, real-life vampires and an eccentric American couple who had befriended Gaddafi, paid tribute to the reporter.
“It would be sad to let this tragedy define what Kim's life was,” Reed said. “She should be remembered for her insatiable curiosity, and her drive to find stories which no other journalist had touched before.
“She was deeply interested in the lives of outliers, people who lived their lives in their own terms. Her passion for her subjects was infectious, and as such she was an absolute pleasure to work with. She was a true professional.”
From Martha Stewart to Frank Quattrone to Steven Hatfill, former FBI director James Comey has left a long trail of highly questionable obstruction of justice cases that he used to make a name for himself.
Following countdown clocks on cable outlets and dramatic claims in the media about what devastating testimony to expect, James Comey sat down before the Senate Intelligence Committee last week. The hearing ended up being a bit of a let-down for critics of President Trump who hoped to get him impeached (or removed via the 25th amendment!) as soon as possible. Comey admitted that Donald Trump had told the truth when he wrote that the former FBI director had thrice told him he was not under investigation in the Russia meddling probe. Comey admitted that Trump had twice encouraged him to get to the bottom of the Russian meddling issue.
But the media chose to run with a dramatically different narrative. That narrative was if James Comey had not proven obstruction, he came pretty darn close.
“Is Trump Guilty Of Obstruction Of Justice? Comey Laid Out The Case,” was the big takeaway from NPR's Domenico Montanaro.
“Comey Bluntly Raises Possibility of Trump Obstruction and Condemns His ‘Lies',” exulted the New York Times, describing his testimony as “a blunt, plain-spoken assessment” by a man who was “humble, folksy and matter-of-fact.”
The New Yorker was even more breathless. “Comey's Revenge: Measuring Obstruction,” wrote Evan Osnos. “[T]his was not a political partisan tossing off a criticism of a rival; this was a career prosecutor, who served Republican and Democratic Presidents, presenting a timeline of specific statements from the President that he described as either untrue or potentially criminal.”
MSNBC agreed. And I watched an hour of CNN the night of the hearing with the sober legal analysis of Jeffrey Toobin, who declared repeatedly that he'd never seen such obstruction of justice in the history of the world. I'm only slightly exaggerating.
Most liberal, mainstream media have flipped and flopped on their view of James Comey, in direct relationship to whether his actions hurt Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump. They're currently huge fans, needless to say.
Comey is a man of rectitude, they're currently saying. A boy scout who is very honest, and good at laying out obstruction of justice cases.
It's worth looking at a few of these cases, and whether they say anything about his current judgment.
One of the few media outlets that has consistently expressed skepticism about Comey is the Wall Street Journal. When he was nominated by President Barack Obama to be FBI director in 2013, they presciently wrote a piece headlined, “The Political Mr. Comey: Obama's FBI nominee has a record of prosecutorial excess and bad judgment.” The article described even then Comey's “media admirers” and a “media fan base” that refused to ask him tough questions. But the Journal had concerns:
Any potential FBI director deserves scrutiny, since the position has so much power and is susceptible to ruinous misjudgments and abuse. That goes double with Mr. Comey, a nominee who seems to think the job of the federal bureaucracy is to oversee elected officials, not the other way around, and who had his own hand in some of the worst prosecutorial excesses of the last decade.
Frank Quattrone
Let's begin with the case of one Frank Quattrone, a banker who Comey pursued relentlessly on banking related charges without fruition. But while he couldn't find any wrong-doing on criminal conduct, he went after him for supposed “obstruction of justice” because of a single ambiguous email. Sound familiar?
Before he was indicted, Comey made false statements about Quattrone and his intent. The first trial ended in a hung jury but the second one got a conviction.
That conviction was overturned in 2006. Quattrone was so scarred by the harassment, he began funding projects designed to help innocent people who are victims of prosecutorial overreach or other problems. He said his motivation for supporting such projects was that at the very moment he was found guilty in the second trial, he realized there must be innocent people in prisons who lacked the financial resources to fight for justice. He also started the Quattrone Center for the Fair Administration of Justice at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.
Quattrone has noted with interest the disparities in how he was treated by Comey for a single email compared to his handling of the Hillary Clinton email server scandal.
Martha Stewart
You might remember Martha Stewart being sent to jail. You might not remember that James Comey was the man who put her there, and not because he was able to charge her for anything he began investigating her for. The original investigation was into whether Stewart had engaged in insider trading. They didn't even try to get her on that charge. Gene Healy wrote about it in 2004, warning about federal prosecutorial overreach:
Comey didn't charge Stewart with insider trading. Instead, he claimed that Stewart's public protestations of innocence were designed to prop up the stock price of her own company, Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia, and thus constituted securities fraud. Stewart was also charged with making false statements to federal officials investigating the insider trading charge — a charge they never pursued. In essence, Stewart was prosecuted for “having misled people by denying having committed a crime with which she was not charged,” as Cato Institute Senior Fellow Alan Reynolds put it.
The pursuit was described as “vindictive” in the New York Times and “petty and vindictive” in The Daily Beast.
But she still served a five-month prison sentence.
Steven Hatfill
The FBI absolutely bungled its investigation into the Anthrax attacker who struck after the 9/11 terrorist attacks. Carl Cannon goes through this story well, and it's worth reading for how it involves both Comey and his dear “friend” and current special counsel Robert Mueller. The FBI tried — in the media — its case against Hatfill. Their actual case ended up being thrown out by the courts:
Comey and Mueller badly bungled the biggest case they ever handled. They botched the investigation of the 2001 anthrax letter attacks that took five lives and infected 17 other people, shut down the U.S. Capitol and Washington's mail system, solidified the Bush administration's antipathy for Iraq, and eventually, when the facts finally came out, made the FBI look feckless, incompetent, and easily manipulated by outside political pressure.
More from Cannon, recounting how messed up the attempt to convict Steven Hatfill for a crime he didn't commit was:
In truth, Hatfill was an implausible suspect from the outset. He was a virologist who never handled anthrax, which is a bacterium. (Ivins, by contrast, shared ownership of anthrax patents, was diagnosed as having paranoid personality disorder, and had a habit of stalking and threatening people with anonymous letters – including the woman who provided the long-ignored tip to the FBI). So what evidence did the FBI have against Hatfill? There was none, so the agency did a Hail Mary, importing two bloodhounds from California whose handlers claimed could sniff the scent of the killer on the anthrax-tainted letters. These dogs were shown to Hatfill, who promptly petted them. When the dogs responded favorably, their handlers told the FBI that they'd “alerted” on Hatfill and that he must be the killer.
When Bush administration officials were worried about the quality of the case Mueller and Comey had, the two men assured them. “Comey was ‘absolutely certain' that it was Hatfill,” Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz said.
“Such certitude seems to be Comey's default position in his professional life,” Cannon wrote. He shouldn't have been certain in this case. After the six years the FBI spent destroying his life, they settled a $4.6 million lawsuit he filed and officially exonerated him.
Scooter Libby, Judith Miller
After pressuring John Ashcroft to recuse himself from the responsibility on the grounds of potential conflicts of interest, Comey gave Patrick Fitzgerald, his close personal friend and godfather to one of his children, the role of special counsel into the investigation of the leak of Valerie Plame's identity as a CIA employee. Some conflicts of interest are more important to Comey than others, apparently.
Fitzgerald immediately discovered that Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage was the leaker. Of course, the FBI and Department of Justice had known that all along, so Comey's push for a special counsel is … intriguing.
Not only did they not shut down the investigation that never needed to begin, Comey expanded its mandate within weeks. The three-year investigation was a cloud over the Bush administration and resulted in nothing but the jailing of a journalist for not giving up a source, and a dubious prosecution of Scooter Libby for, wait for it, obstruction of justice. Comey was unconcerned about the jailing of journalists and never threatened to resign over this infringement on First Amendment freedoms.
Hillary Clinton
Comey treated Hillary Clinton poorly by convicting her in the court of public opinion without giving her the chance to defend herself in a free and fair trial. But it's interesting to note why Comey didn't pursue charges against Clinton. He claimed — despite this not being a legal standard of relevance, that he didn't think Clinton had intent. And while Clinton and her team engaged in massive evidence destruction shortly after subpoenas were issued, Comey — who was near-delirious in his pursuit of others on obstruction charges — didn't seem to think anyone would be interested in prosecuting here.
Clinton had classified info on a private server, was extremely careless in handling that information, and had caused the destruction of evidence. The notion that “no reasonable prosecutor” would even try to charge her with the misdemeanors or felonies in question is beyond belief.
But there's so much more to that case, such as upon learning that two Clinton staff members had classified information, the FBI didn't subpoena those computers but gave the employees immunity in return for giving them up. The FBI severely limited their own searches for data on the computers and then destroyed them. A technician who destroyed evidence lied to FBI investigators even after he received immunity, and Comey did nothing. And after the FBI discovered that President Obama had communicated with Clinton on the non-secure server, Obama said he didn't think Clinton should be charged with a crime because she hadn't intended to harm national security. As former Attorney General Michael Mukasey noted, “As indefensible as his legal reasoning may have been, his practical reasoning is apparent: If Mrs. Clinton was at criminal risk for communicating on her nonsecure system, so was he.”
Did Comey pursue the case under the relevant laws or follow Obama's wish that charges not be filed? In this case, he chose the latter. As a Wall Street Journal editorialist wrote last July, “Mr. Comey wasn't ready to go it alone and impose accountability on Mrs. Clinton. That would have been tough. That would have been brave. He instead listed her transgressions in detail and left it to the public to pass judgment at the ballot box in November. That isn't how the system is supposed to work. But Mr. Comey is no John Adams.”
Donald Trump
As the Journal noted in 2013, the media are enamored with Comey. Such blinders make it difficult to see problems with his own testimony. He claimed that his motivation to leak was to achieve the appointing of a special prosecutor. His very close friend — and associate in the bungled Hatfill prosecution — Robert Mueller was, in fact, named as a result of his leak. The immediate cause of the leak was, he said, Donald Trump telling him not to leak. Yet the day before that tweet, the New York Times ran a story headlined, “In a private dinner, Trump demanded loyalty. Comey demurred.” The information, as with the story about the memos Comey leaked, was sourced to associates of Comey. You don't have to be a brain surgeon to figure out who was pushing this information.
More bizarre was his claim regarding the notes he kept before leaking. He said, inexplicably, that he never kept notes on his meetings with George Bush (he did) or Barack Obama but kept notes on Trump simply because he believed he was a liar. He said he viewed these notes as personal property, despite the fact that they were government work product, produced on classified computers in a government vehicle following a meeting with the President of the United States. We don't know why the FBI is unable to deliver these memos to the investigative committees, or whether the FBI even has copies of them. But we do know that his claim to have not kept notes about his meeting with President Bush was false.
As John Hinderaker details, Barton Gellman wrote a book against Dick Cheney that used extensive notes from a meeting between Comey and President Bush. And the information contained therein reads very much similar to the Trump memos, down to the gratuitous grandfather clocks that are mentioned and 15 lines of dialogue in which Comey appears to be, however implausibly, the only virtuous man in Washington.
Comey's case would require his friend Robert Mueller to agree that the president's actions weren't bad enough to make Comey do literally anything other than chat with subordinates about it and save notes in case of vengeance, but then somehow bad enough to be obstruction of justice. Mueller has fans within the D.C. establishment, but I'm not sure that's a case he'd be willing to take on, no matter how many recipients of Comey leaks cheer him on.
There are many other examples of Comey's poor judgment when it comes to obstruction of justice cases. But the idea that Comey should be trusted to lay out an impartial case for obstruction is going to be hard to swallow.
Syria parliamentary vote campaign on war footing
The streets of Damascus are plastered with campaign posters and banners as President Bashar al-Assad's regime pushes ahead with parliamentary elections despite Syria's nearly five-year-old civil war.
The war is dominating the campaign for the April 13 vote, which will see nearly 12,000 candidates vying for seats in Syria's 250-seat legislature.
As with the 2012 parliamentary election and a 2014 presidential vote, only Syrians living in government-held areas will be able to cast their ballots.
A poster of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad at a football stadium in Damascus on March 4, 2016 ©Louai Beshara (AFP/File)
"We stand for security," reads one campaign slogan. "For the sake of the children who were killed, we will continue," vows another.
One candidate has branded himself as "the voice of the martyrs and the injured", while another claims to represent "the martyrs of our heroic army".
The upcoming vote is the second legislative election held by the Damascus regime since the outbreak of civil war in 2011.
A total of 11,341 candidates aged 25 and above are competing.
While Assad has hailed the "unprecedented" number of candidates running for MP, Western backers of the anti-regime revolt have lashed out at the elections.
French President Francois Hollande, for one, has branded them "provocative" and "totally unrealistic".
On March 10, the domestic opposition which is tolerated in Damascus called for a widespread boycott, accusing the government of using the vote to gain leverage in peace talks.
The High Negotiations Committee, the main exiled opposition body, has branded the vote "illegitimate".
Key Damascus backer Russian President Vladimir Putin, however, has shot back saying the planned vote "does not interfere with steps to build the peace process".
The United Nations, for its part, has called for presidential and parliamentary elections within the next 18 months as part of the process.
- No vote in Raqa -
Syria's war, which has left over 270,000 dead, has also had a devastating impact on the economy.
"Together, let's help the Syrian pound regain its former glory," one banner reads.
Over the past five years, the exchange rate has soared from 50 pounds to the dollar to 500 pounds.
Another poster calls for "eradicating corruption and building a new Syria".
Hisham al-Shaar, head of Syria's electoral committee, said "the elections will be held everywhere except in Raqa and Idlib provinces," both areas controlled by the jihadist Islamic State group and the Al-Qaeda-affiliated Al-Nusra Front.
Also excluded are "regions where there are security problems", Shaar said, referring to rebel-held areas.
Residents of the eastern province of Deir Ezzor, much of which is controlled by IS, will be able to cast ballots "in voting stations in Damascus and its province, as well as in Hasakeh" in the northeast, he told AFP.
"Together, hand in hand, we will rebuild Syria," pledges one banner put up by a candidate from Deir Ezzor, which borders Iraq.
Another candidate from the same war-ravaged province proclaims: "Victorious Syria votes."
While parliamentary hopefuls are allowed to hold meetings, distribute brochures and put up posters and banners, they are banned from speaking to the press.
"The aim is to ensure equality between wealthy candidates who can afford to pay for advertising in newspapers and those who can't," Shaar said.
- 'Unrealistic' -
"I'm going to vote for Mohammad Sadeq Dalawan because he's a lawyer and he was my teacher. I've met him several times and I've spoken a lot with him," said Rihaf Esber, a 19-year-old student.
Mohammad al-Khouje however said he has no plans of voting.
"Neither the candidates, nor the former MPs, nor those who came before them have helped us. In the beginning they promise us the moon, and then once they are in office they ignore us. No one deserves my vote," the 35-year-old cameraman said.
"We lead very difficult lives."
Syria's Kurds, who on March 17 unilaterally declared a federal region, are critical of the planned vote.
"It is totally unrealistic for the regime to hold elections at this time. Elections are not being held in the autonomous regions," said Abdel Salam Ahmad, a high-ranking official of the Kurdish Democratic Society Movement.
The 2012 vote was the first since the ruling Baath Party came to power that allowed non-Baathist candidates to run.
Nonetheless, most of the 250 MPs who were sworn in were still members of Assad's party.
That is unlikely to change this time.
A Syrian man walks past a poster bearing a portrait of President Bashar al-Assad in Damascus on February 27, 2016 ©Louai Beshara (AFP/File)
The civil war is dominating the campaign for the April 13 vote in Syria, which will see nearly 12,000 candidates vying for seats in the country's 250-seat legislature ©Louia Beshara (AFP/File)
A billboard in Damascas reminds Syrians of the upcoming April 13 parliamentary elections ©Louai Beshara (AFP/File)
The daughter of an American diplomat recalls the heady summer before the fall of the Shah and the privileges that went with it
Mike and Jenny were waiting for me in the steaming snarl of traffic on Roosevelt Avenue. My younger brother and sister were on vacation from high school in the States and I was going awol from my job teaching English at an ESL Institute.
I brandished the wad of cash I'd wrested from my lecherous boss, leapt into the VW station wagon and, cradling the cassette player, sank blissfully into the backseat. Stevie Wonder wailed with delight as we fixed our gaze on the mountains and headed north to paradise.
We had made this trip countless times in the previous 15 years. Our journey in August 1978 followed a familiar pattern: the slow, traffic-choked crawl out of noisy, hot, polluted Tehran, followed by the exhilarating rush of speed as we hit the foothills; the air growing pure and cool on the gentle ascent up winding mountain roads, the sudden hike in humidity as we crested and descended through lush green forests, turning off the music to hear the insects sing, finally arriving with cries of happiness on the highway which would carry us along the Caspian coast.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Road to the Caspian Sea Photograph: Andrew Waterhouse
Our hair thickened and curled as we welcomed the salty mist rolling off the sea and whipped past the roadside signs of hidden villas. Some, where we'd stayed over the years, we had named after our friends' moms, such as Nancy Sara and Sally Sara.
Two of the first words I loved in Farsi were Ziba Kenar (beautiful shore), a ramshackle resort where my family had stayed in 1964. A lifetime later, we still laugh hysterically today at the memory of donkey rides along the shore, watching each other jerk up and down on the uncontrollable little beasts, staring in shock when they stopped to splash peepee into the sand.
In later years we played nocturnal war games with flashlights and walkie-talkies on the beach front, gleefully vexing the local gendarmes who mistook us for Soviet spies. As teenagers we rode motorcycles beside galloping herds of wild horses. At night we cranked the speakers of our Range Rovers and lay amidst the dunes, staring at the stars to a soundscape of Hendrix and Led Zeppelin.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Searching for seashells Photograph: Andrew Waterhouse
There were endless lazy afternoons playing backgammon, or being lulled into naps by the gentle harmonies of my brother Mike and his best friend Bijan strumming their guitars. Such were the memories accompanying our getaway in August 1978.
The summer was waning, along with my first year out of college. I felt an exhilarating sense of suspension which I shared with the world around me. Although I had been accepted to grad school in the US, a letter I wrote to a friend confirms I intended instead to stay in Tehran.
My engagement book for the year, later salvaged by my dad during one of his trips to Iran in the 1990s, reveals a manic lifestyle filled with hard work and much fun. Skiing, hiking, outings to the horse track, discotheques, hotel bars, clubs for the expats, the British Council library, lectures at the cultural institutes, Fellini and Scorsese films at the elite Farabi Film Club, world-class directors and movie stars at the Tehran Film Festival, bookstores everywhere, an arts and intellectual scene fuelled by cosmopolitan interchange as much as by oil wealth. My beat as the third-string arts-writer for daily newspaper Kayhan International brought me brief but intense encounters with artists from around the world.
A sunny day at the Caspian Photograph: Andrew Waterhouse
It appears I was an evangelist for gharbzadegi (westoxification), but it never occurred to me that east and west were mutually hostile. The young Iranian artists, architects, radio and television producers I was meeting had been trained in Europe, the States and the Soviet Union, but invariably strove for aesthetic synthesis with Persia's rich and unique cultural traditions.
Political discourse was part of the scene. It had a seriousness and urgency I would never find in the States. I recall blithely excoriating the Marxist vocabulary of young Iranians and westerners alike. When university students approached me at the Iran-America Society's coffee shop, however, I assumed they were agents of Savak, the secret police, attempting to entrap me in anti-Shah commentary.
I took the escalating crackdown seriously, but my entire adolescence had been shadowed by Savak and the CIA, and I am ashamed that at the time it all seemed like business as usual. I do remember, now, that I had started avoiding the bazaar and university districts in fear of the chaotic demonstrations which could erupt so suddenly. And in June and July 1978 I had witnessed riots in my family's upper-class neighbourhood in northern Tehran.
Mike, my sister Jenny and I spent three days in serene seclusion at our beach retreat. Fakhundeh and Ali, the property's caretakers, enjoyed observing our attempts at roughing it. We tried without success to roast a chicken on a campfire, but Fakhundeh, giggling, rescued it and prepared our dinner in their one-room bungalow. Mike played guitar. Jenny sketched and painted.
I wrote letters to college friends describing the play about the Trojan War I had just directed with a huge budget and a multinational cast. We had sold out over 200 seats for ten performances, despite being urged by the US and British embassies to cancel the run. Wilfully oblivious to the security threat to foreigners collecting in public spaces, I was giddy with the prospects for my theatre career. With the influx of over 50,000 expatriates to Tehran, the city was burgeoning into a pleasure dome for English-speaking entertainment-seekers. I wrote to a friend that I would be directing Brecht's The Threepenny Opera in the autumn and postponing grad school indefinitely.
By the third day at the Caspian, the three of us were in a pleasant stupor but looking forward to the many guests due to arrive at the weekend. We remembered it was time to drive into the village and call my father from the public phone in the post office. We had the usual friendly exchanges with the locals standing in line with us.
When we finally connected with Dad, his tone was grim. He told us about the burning down of Cinema Rex in Abadan. Nearly 500 movie goers had been locked into the theatre and incinerated. Nobody knew who had done it. Dad asked us to pick him up the next day at Ramsar airport, along the coast. We uneasily told him we had invited some friends up for the weekend, but he sounded up for a party.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Around the fire, Caspian Sea, Iran Photograph: Andrew Waterhouse
The guests started arriving at twilight, roaring into the driveway on motorcycles, in BMW's, and Land Rovers. They were a motley crowd, drawn from all sections of my social and professional life. My best friend from high school who had spent the year making a documentary about Azerbaijani nomads tore her clothes off as she ran down to the beach and soon I was introducing naked people to one another.
My Dutch leading man, who supervised a construction site down south, arrived with a jeep full of crates of beer, compliments of his buddy “Freddie Heineken”. The hard-drinking Brits, some Scots, who had built the monumental set for my show pounced, and soon started in on the drinking songs which had become as much a part of my party repertoire as the Travolta/Newton-John duets from Grease.
My pals who had just completed compulsory service in the Imperial military told hilarious, self-deprecating stories of interacting with working-class soldiers from all around Iran. My dad wandered amiably amidst the clusters of partiers. Night fell. Fires and pipes were lit. The rich, earthy fragrance of hashish enfolded us. We swam in the warm heavy water, which reflected the stars above.
The next morning my dad and I tiptoed around 50 or so snoring, murmuring bodies strewn throughout the villa. He made huge skillets of scrambled eggs and bacon in the tiny kitchen, awakening the guests with the aroma.
My brother Michael made a jaunt to the village for an armload of fresh barbari bread but returned shaken. An old man squatting beside the bakery had tossed stones at him. We shrugged it off. But tension pervaded the beach house itself. As people wolfed down their comfort food and knocked back little red vials of vitamin B, it was impossible to avoid the topic of the latest horrific act of violence down at the other end of the country.
Who was responsible for the massacre of innocent citizens at Cinema Rex? Although most of us believed it was the work of Islamist fanatics, the twisting logic of that confusing time provided the possibility that forces loyal to the beleaguered Shah had perpetrated the atrocity in order to damn the opposition.
The Caspian Sea in seventies style Photograph: Andrew Waterhouse
In a VM bug, Caspian Sea, Iran Photograph: Andrew Waterhouse
Revealing anxiety and resentment I had not seen before, my Anglo theatre friends let fly a few ill-considered phrases referring to Iranians that outraged us.
“The King should round up these ragheads and shoot them.”
“And the Communists.”
“The Soviets are in the universities.”
“The students should go back to their villages.”
“They're all peasants, it's a backward country.”
“It needs a strong leader.”
“The Shah's a wimp.”
“But he knows what's good for the country.”
“He's got the power to crush the criminals and he should use it.”
Dad and I exchanged looks of embarrassment and alarm. I couldn't meet the eyes of the Iranian friends with whom I'd grown up, now glaring with contempt at these loudmouthed interlopers. Suddenly the colonial mindset I had studied briefly in college as part of a required “Western Civ” course was cartoonishly real.
All summer I had engaged only with my beloved cast and crew in their expat habitats rehearsing and socializing within the walls of clubs, churches, embassies and schools that had become fortified against the troubled life of the host country. These were foreigners enjoying a lifestyle that had, in fact, been promised in vain to the Iranian people by the Shah's White Revolution, a programme of technological progress and economic reform derailed by corporate interests from abroad.
“You know nothing about my country,” was the first retort by a high-school buddy whom I'd never considered particularly nationalist. A tense silence ensued. The previous night's raucous, skinny-dipping revellers were in the grip of a collective hangover, groggy and painful, each one braced to lash out at the threats to our shared position of privilege.
My dad, ever the diplomat, challenged the group to a morning swim, but everyone declined. The sea and the sky were grey and opaque. Ali and Fakhundeh watched from a distance as departures were made in a desolate mood. No one wanted to return to Tehran where we all sensed we had lost control over our futures.
Within weeks we would all be leaving in an atmosphere of escalating panic. Good thing I had grad school as a back-up plan. The party was over.
NATO Agrees To Enforce No-Fly Zone Over Libya
Enlarge this image toggle caption Aris Messinis/AFP/Getty Images Aris Messinis/AFP/Getty Images
After days of hard bargaining among its members, NATO agreed late Thursday to enforce the no-fly zone over Libya, but not other military operations there.
The agreement, announced in Brussels by the alliance's secretary-general, Anders Fogh Rasmussen, will allow the U.S. to hand over command and control of part of the international operation, as it has been eager to do. But it appeared that some NATO members balked at supervising attacks on targets on the ground.
toggle caption Raphael Martinez/AP
Fogh Rasmussen said the NATO operation would proceed in parallel with the bombing campaign carried out by coalition aircraft.
"At this moment there will still be a coalition operation and a NATO operation," Fogh Rasmussen said. "But we are considering whether NATO should take on that broader responsibility in accordance with the U.N. Security Council resolution, but that decision has not been made yet."
In Washington, U.S. Secretary of State of Hillary Clinton welcomed NATO's announcement. She also praised the United Arab Emirates for becoming the second Arab country after Qatar to send planes to help the mission. The Emirates will deploy 12 planes.
"NATO is well suited to coordinating this international effort and ensuring that all participating nations are working effectively together toward our shared goals," Clinton said. "This coalition includes countries beyond NATO, including Arab partners, and we expect all of them to be providing important political guidance going forward."
Earlier Thursday, Navy Adm. William Gortney said the U.S. probably will continue flying combat missions once it relinquishes command of the air campaign, a move that could happen as early as this weekend.
He said the U.S. role predominantly would be in support of allied partners, with refueling missions, surveillance, reconnaissance and other noncombat flights. He also said that he expects U.S. planes would continue flying some strike missions.
Gortney said details of the transfer to NATO are being worked out.
Developments In Libya Enlarge this image toggle caption Yves Logghe/AP Yves Logghe/AP French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said that international military action against Moammar Gadhafi's regime would last "days or weeks" — not months — and would not involve troops on the ground.
French warplanes attacked a Libyan air base and reportedly destroyed a Libyan jet that had landed at an air base near Misurata.
U.S. and British ships in the Mediterranean launch a dozen more Tomahawk cruise missiles late Wednesday and early Thursday at targets in Libya.
Fighting between rebels and Gadhafi loyalists ground to a stalemate in several cities, including Misurata and Zawiya in the west and the eastern city of Ajdabiya.
With the handover of control, the 28-member alliance would be in charge of enforcing the no-fly zone and a naval blockade off Libya's coast aimed at interdicting arms and mercenaries that might be used to bolster Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi's forces.
The U.N. Security Council authorized the arms embargo and no-fly zone last week to protect Libyan civilians after Gadhafi's forces attacked anti-government protesters seeking his ouster after nearly 42 years in power.
An international coalition comprising the U.S., Britain, France and other nations launched an air and missile campaign on Saturday to enforce the air quarantine. But it has also targeted Gadhafi's ground forces and military installations.
From the beginning though, the U.S. has been keen to hand over control of the operation to NATO, a move that first had to surmount internal discord. NATO member Turkey, which sees itself as a bridge between Europe and the Muslim world, had expressed reservations about the military intervention in Libya and sought assurances that it would not go beyond the goal of protecting civilians.
In addition to Turkey's concerns, France expressed reluctance to relinquish its key role and Germany objected to the entire premise of the operation.
In a statement earlier Thursday possibly aimed at mollifying Turkish objections, French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet said the use of force made sense only if it was backed by a political plan.
"That plan will permit the Libyan people to come together and talk and build a different future together," Longuet said, speaking at his first news conference since the military intervention began.
Even so, Longuet emphasized that Libyan command centers that give orders to hurt civilians would be considered legitimate targets for coalition airstrikes.
New Strikes
Longuet's comments followed a night where French jets apparently took the lead over Libya, hitting an air base in the heart of the country and destroying a Libyan plane.
French military spokesman Col. Thierry Burkhard said strikes overnight hit a base about 155 miles south of the Libyan coast, but did not elaborate on the target or any damage. Burkhard also declined to comment on the reports about the downed aircraft.
But a U.S. official said a French Rafale fighter destroyed what was identified as a Libyan G-2/Galeb, a two-seat military training jet, that had landed at a base near the coastal city of Misurata.
The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, said the Libyan plane may have been landing at the time of the attack but cautioned that details were still being confirmed.
On Wednesday, NATO warships began patrolling off Libya's Mediterranean coast in an effort described by Italy's Vice Admiral Rinaldo Veri as "closing the main front door" to weapons and mercenaries for the Libyan leader.
Rinaldo, the commander of the seven-nation NATO blockade, said Thursday that his task force was in the "build-up phase" and would soon be monitoring, reporting and possibly interdicting "vessels suspected of carrying illegal arms or mercenaries."
He said the armada comprised surface ships, submarines and maritime patrol aircraft.
"If they should find resistance, the use of force is necessary," Rinaldo said, noting that the Security Council had mandated all means necessary to enforce the embargo.
Explosions Rattle Tripoli
U.S. and British ships in the Mediterranean fired more than a dozen Tomahawk cruise missiles late Wednesday and early Thursday. The targets included Gadhafi's air defense missile sites in Tripoli and south of the capital. Other strikes were launched against an ammunition bunker near Misurata and forces south of Benghazi, the official said.
NPR's David Greene reported that the capital reverberated with the sound of explosions and anti-aircraft fire." This night might have been the loudest yet. ... The explosions continued straight through sunrise," he said.
State television showed footage of blackened and mangled bodies Thursday that it said were victims of the airstrikes in Tripoli. Rebels have accused Gadhafi's forces of taking bodies from the morgue and presenting them as civilian casualties.
Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim said the "military compound at Juffra" was among the targets hit before dawn. Juffra is one of at least two air bases deep in the country's interior, on main routes that lead from neighboring countries in the Sahara region that have been suppliers of arms and fighters for the Gadhafi regime.
The town of Sabha, about 385 miles south of Tripoli, has another air base and international airport and is a major transit point for the ethnic Tuareg fighters from Mali and Niger who have fought for Gadhafi for the past two decades. Malian officials say hundreds of Tuareg men have left to fight in Libya in the recent uprising.
France: Operation To Last Weeks, Not Months
French Foreign Minister Alain Juppe said Thursday that the international military operation against Gadhafi's forces might last days or weeks — but not months — and would not involve ground troops.
"It's not Afghanistan and it's not Iraq," Juppe said, speaking to reporters ahead of EU and NATO meetings. "There will be no troops on the ground in Libya. We will neutralize Gadhafi from the air, and the Libyan people will decide their destiny."
The opposition keeps getting pushed back when trying to fight forward into the town of Ajdabiya.
Russia's former ambassador to Libya said Gadhafi could hold off coalition forces for months, and still enjoys broad public support and will not step down.
Vladimir Chamov, who was relieved of his duties last weekend by President Dmitry Medvedev, said on arrival in Moscow late Wednesday that the hostilities could turn Libya into a hotbed of instability resembling Iraq or Somalia.
Five days of Western airstrikes appear to have staved off what looked like imminent defeat for the rebels a week ago. But the decimation of Gadhafi's air force and the targeting of his ground forces and military infrastructure have failed to break a stalemate between rebels and regime forces on the ground in cities such as Misurata and Ajdabiya.
"Rebels have been unable to dislodge loyalist Gadhafi forces at the entrance to Ajdabiya," NPR's Eric Westervelt said, reporting from 100 miles north in the rebels' de facto capital, Benghazi.
Ajdabiya has been under siege for more than a week. Opposition fighters held the city center but were facing relentless shelling from government troops positioned on the outskirts.
"There are also clashes reported in and around the strategic oil port area of Zwitina," Westervelt said. "The fighting on the ground here in the east has been largely at a stalemate at this point."
Government troops also continued to blast Misurata but were periodically forced to roll back their tanks amid coalition airstrikes.
NATO's Role
The NATO compromise came during a two-day summit that began Thursday in Brussels. France and Britain had appeared to be laying the groundwork for separating the intervention into military and political sides. The military side could be managed by NATO, while the political side would be run by a different group that would include Arab countries and be seen less than Western interventionism.
Senior administration officials said the breakthrough came in a four-way telephone call with Clinton and the foreign ministers of Britain, France and Turkey. The four worked out the way forward, which included the immediate transfer of command and control of the no-fly zone over Libya, and by early next week of the rest of the U.N.-mandated mission.
The officials, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss sensitive military planning, said the actual handover of the no-fly zone would occur in one or two days. They said NATO would have a final operational plan by over the weekend for how it would assume control over the rest of the protection mission, and that it would be executable by Tuesday's meeting in London of nations contributing to the military action. The officials said the decision of which commanders control which areas was still being worked out.
U.S., European, and Arab and African officials have been invited to London next week for political talks about Libya. Clinton said she will attend the meeting.
British Foreign Secretary William Hague said the conference will be an opportunity to assess the implementation of the U.N. Security Council resolution on Libya. He said the list of countries invited will be wide and inclusive and that it will also focus on the humanitarian needs of the Libyan people.
Hague told Parliament on Thursday that the rationale behind the U.N. actions was more valid than ever. Pointing to the continued "appalling violence" against civilians in Libya, he said that "robust action" to implement the no-fly zone must continue.
Hague listed a number of rebel-held areas in which people were trapped in their homes without power and food, afraid to venture out under threat of military sharpshooters.
With reporting from NPR's David Greene in Tripoli, Eric Westervelt in Benghazi, Eleanor Beardsley in Paris, Sylvia Poggioli in Rome, Larry Miller in London, and Tom Bowman in Washington, D.C. Material from The Associated Press was used in this story.
Summary: The interaction cost is the sum of efforts — mental and physical — that the users must deploy in interacting with a site in order to reach their goals.
Ideally, we'd like users to go to a site and find the answer they're looking for right there, in front of their eyes. That would mean zero interaction cost and is the holy grail of usability as a field.
Unfortunately, zero interaction cost is rarely attainable, since most sites and apps offer many things that users may want to do. Most of the time, users have to look around, read, possibly scroll, find a promising link, click on it, wait for the page to load, and then repeat the process all over. Sometimes a new window may pop up on top of the existing one, and in that case users have to switch attention to the new window and perhaps also look back to the old one to integrate information in both windows. In other situations, users may need to remember information on one page and apply it on a different one. All these actions require cognitive effort and make up the interaction cost.
Usable sites minimize the interaction cost required to attain a variety of user goals. That is, they minimize:
reading
scrolling
looking around in order to find relevant information
comprehending information presented to you
clicking or touching (without making mistakes)
typing
page loads and waiting times
attention switches
memory load ­— the information that users must remember in order to complete their task.
These user actions contribute differently to the total interaction cost. Their relative importance may depend on the user — for example, dyslexic users may have a harder time reading than clicking around, whereas users with motor impairments may find clicking more difficult. They also depend on the device — a page load on a desktop connected to a high-speed network may be insignificant, but a page load on a mobile device may take forever if the cellular coverage is slow.
Many usability guidelines address the question of minimizing the various components of the interaction cost. For instance, the rules of writing for the web lower the cost of reading by recommending bullet points and short, to-the-point sentences and paragraphs.
An Example of Interaction Cost
Let's take a simple example. Assume we want to find where the word “ceremony” comes from. We'll use the Dictionary iPhone app for this task. We'll ignore the cost involved in finding the app on the phone and we start our analysis immediately after launching the Dictionary app.
At this point, the interaction cost involves waiting for a few seconds for the splash screen to disappear and make room for the first actionable screen of the app:
Next, users have to edit the search query.
Users must look at the autosuggestions and decide they are irrelevant, and then erase the current query. They can either do so by pressing the gray x button on the right (if they are familiar with the iOS convention) or by erasing the characters one by one, pressing the delete key on the touch screen.
Once the word “ceremony” has been selected (or typed), the users have to press Search to get to the result page. They need to wait for a few instants for the new page to appear:
Users must infer that Origin is likely to contain information about where the word comes from. (This is an easy inference for most users, so this cognitive cost is low; however, if the word “etymology” were used instead, it's possible that some users would have more trouble reading it and understanding what it means; thus the word “origin” is a better choice, as it incurs a lower interaction cost.)
Let's summarize the various components of the interaction cost to find the origin of the word “ceremony”:
wait for the splash page search find the search box and tap to move the input focus to it read the query displayed in the search box and the autosuggestions decide that the query is not relevant delete the query displayed in the search box type and/or choose autosuggestions enter a few characters scan the list of autosuggestions to see whether the desired word is among them if no, enter more characters and repeat at the previous step if yes, choose the desired word by tapping it tap Search wait for the result page find where the relevant etymology information may be on the result page scroll down the page and scan the content to find the etymology information find the tabs and read them notice that there are more hidden tabs to the right infer that etymology may be one of the hidden tabs remember that swiping exposes content to the right swipe to the right read Origin and connect that word with the goal of finding where the word comes from tap Origin read about where the word “ceremony” comes from
As you can see, a fairly simple and painless process takes a lot of steps and substeps; each of them incurs an interaction cost. For some, the interaction cost is insignificant — for instance, remembering that swiping to the right exposes more content has a very low interaction cost, because people have encountered horizontal scrolling before many times on mobile devices or on the web. Other steps can be optimized to minimize the interaction cost; thus, having the little gray x button in the search box can significantly lower the cost of deleting the query displayed in the search box. Similarly, making the buttons big can help with tapping the targets. The placement and the visual design of the tabs can impact how quickly people find the tabs. (And, of course, the choice of tabs itself versus using some other way of structuring the content also impacts the interaction cost for finding where the relevant information is on the result page.)
Expected Utility
Note that for some of the steps in the previous sections users have multiple choices. For instance, they can either press the gray x button to erase the current string or they can use the delete key multiple times. Or they can either pick a suggestion from the autosuggest list or type the string to the end.
How do people decide which action to pick? The answer lies in the concept of expected utility:
Expected utility = Expected benefits – Expected interaction costs
Users try to maximize the expected utility of an action: In other words, they weigh the benefits and the costs of each action, and they choose the one that has the best balance of benefits versus costs.
When there are several ways to reach the same goal with similar benefits, users typically tend to pick actions that minimize the estimated interaction cost.
For instance, many people may not scroll down in the list of autosuggestions to find the word “ceremony” and might rather type one (or a few) more characters until the word ceremony is visible, because the cost of scrolling down the small list and scanning the list for the right word is higher than the cost of hitting one or even a few more characters.
This type of thinking generalizes at the site level as well. If it looks like it is going to be really hard to reach their goal on any given site, most users will just move to another site with a lower estimated interaction cost unless the benefit of interacting with the initial site is really high. To give an example, if the user really wants to buy an Apple computer, they probably are going to stick with Apple's site because it's unlikely that they will be able to buy it elsewhere. In this case, the user motivation is really high and so they may be willing to put up with a high interaction cost. However, if the user wants to buy a grill, they may not care if they buy it from Home Depot or Lowe's or some other site, and they will navigate away from sites that have high interaction costs.
Marketing and branding usually have the job of increasing the user motivation and expected benefits for engaging with a particular site or brand; usability deals with lowering the interaction cost. Both methods are ultimately addressing the issue of increasing the expected utility of using a site or a piece of software.
Why You Should Care About Interaction Cost
Interaction cost is a direct measure of usability. In fact, the concept was introduced back in the early days of human-computer interaction to evaluate the usability of a software system. All usability heuristics minimize the interaction cost for the user.
A quick assessment of the interaction cost of a design can save a lot of money on the long run, as it can give you a good measure of how difficult the interface is going to be for the user. It can also serve as a comparison tool between design alternatives: usually, the one that minimizes the interaction cost has better chances of success.
It's great to be young in the NFL, but if you're a general manager, possessing talented young players is even better. Young talent is relatively cheap. Great young talent is productive and has a future.
The list below ranks our top 25 NFL players under age 25, beginning with a familiar face. Andrew Luck tops the list for a second consecutive season, but the guys ranked second through fourth at this point last offseason are too old to qualify. That means there's fresh talent near the top, including a No. 2 prospect who failed to appear in the top 25 last offseasons.
Here are the top 25 players under the age of 25 in the NFL:
Top 25 Under 25
1. Andrew Luck, QB, Indianapolis Colts
Most teams need quite a bit of help from their defenses and/or running games to post double-digit victory totals consistently. That is especially true for teams starting young quarterbacks. Luck is the primary reason the Colts have been an exception: They've posted 11-5 records without a productive running back in each of Luck's first two seasons. They've done it with a defense that has ranked 28th in expected points added (EPA) during that span, ahead of only Minnesota, Oakland, Dallas and Jacksonville.
Jeremy Perez ,
Sunset Crater National Monument, Arizona, USA
Jan. 9, 2009
I'm primarily a visual observer, so I usually sketch my observations. The attached image is a drawing of the comet based on my observation this morning (Jan 9, 2009 - 13:00 UT). I drove northeast of Flagstaff to Sunset Crater National Monument and arrived there shortly after 5 am with the moon blazing away and lighting up the snow-covered landscape. The head of Scorpius was rising, and Antares was flickering with a rusty light just over the tops of the cinder cones. While the sky was still bright with moonlight, I shot a few photos of the landscape, and then set up my 8 inch Dobsonian. The comet was a snap to find at low power (37.5X) and readily pierced the moon-washed star field as a round glow with a nicely condensed core. [extended report]
A "mega-rarity" bird blew into Miramichi over the weekend, and it's attracting bird lovers from across Eastern Canada and the U.S. who've never seen one in North America before.
Peter Gadd said a European mistle thrush landed near a mountain ash tree on his lawn and has been drawing crowds ever since.
"I saw a bird and thought, 'OK, that's a little different,'" said Gadd, who spotted the bird on Saturday.
Gadd and his wife, Deana, have been active birders for more than four years.
After spotting the bird and carefully studying its features, Gadd tried to find something similar in one of his several North American bird books.
Nothing seemed to match.
So he sent photos to bird experts, who quickly recognized the rare bird.
"It doesn't get any rarer than this," said Jim Wilson, a New Brunswick-based birder and naturalist, who visited the Gadd residence.
The bird has been feeding on the berries from the tree in Gadd's yard and comes and goes as it pleases.
"This is the very first time a mistle thrush has ever been seen and recorded in North America … it will draw people from all over the continent to come and see it if it hangs around," said Wilson.
A mistle thrush landed on a Miramichi lawn over the weekend and has been feeding on nearby berries. (Peter Gadd)
The bird is widespread in Europe and has also been found in Iceland. This one was likely brought to the East Coast by heavy winds and separated from its flock, Wilson said.
"It's really quite amazing how far these migratory birds can fly in a single flight," he said.
"It's a long way from home."
The bird is about the size of a robin and has a brown-greyish back with pale underparts. It also has dark spots on its breast from the throat to its belly. The eyes are large, which keeps the animal alert.
"It basically looks like a washed-out robin," said Wilson.
What happens next?
Gadd said he hopes the bird will survive and remain in the area throughout the winter.
"Once it finds a food source it will aggressively protect it," Gadd said. "If it does do that with our mountain ash (tree) it could be here for some time."
Gadd said he even has raspberries, blueberries and plums on hand if it runs out of berries from the mountain ash tree.
As long as the bird can get a regular supply of food, it will likely survive.
Species of thrushes are often described as "hardy birds," Wilson said.
For the birders
Wilson said people all over Canada and the U.S. are heading to northern New Brunswick, including a birder who's flying to the area from Michigan and a couple driving up from Boston.
"There was a birder here yesterday who said he would like to have a week in this area to see if there are other birds … that may have come over in the same system," said Gadd.
Deana and Peter Gadd say crowds haven't stopped since they reported the rare mistle thrush on their property. (Peter Gadd)
Wilson said it's important observers make sure the bird isn't too disturbed.
People should also be respectful of the neighbourhood, he said. They should park somewhere close to the site, walk quietly to the address and stay on the street, rather than lingering on the property.
"Hopefully, the welfare of the bird will always be at the forefront of everybody's mind," said Wilson.
Gadd said people have their binoculars, scopes and cameras ready just to get a glimpse. His wife has even brought out hand warmers for those standing outside for long periods of time.
"This little bird has no idea how popular it is," said Wilson.
Interview with Keiichiro Toyama (PSM) Date published: 1999.03
When your dog is constipated, it can be a cause for great distress both in your dog and you. Constipated dog symptoms manifest as your dog strains during a bowel movement or the fecal matter comes out hard or sparingly.
Constipation can be perfectly normal in dogs, and when you see your dog is constipated it's not cause for immediate alarm, but it is best to be cautious. Watch for other symptoms and recall all you can of your dog's behavior prior to becoming constipated. More serious conditions could be at work, such as an obstruction in the intestinal tract, tumors, or pancreatitis in dogs—known to occur after meals heavy in fat.
A vet will be able to best determine if a dog is constipated because of something minor or something serious. If the problem is minor, the average dog constipation treatment is quite painless and can be done safely at home.
Exercise can help relieve constipation, much as it does in humans. Another constipated dog home remedy is an alteration of diet to include more fiber. This can be done with a couple of tablespoons of bran cereal (making certain to avoid walnuts or chocolate—both harmful for dogs), or canned pumpkin (not pie filling, but pureed pumpkin) added to your dog's food. The best part about canned or cooked pumpkin is that often dogs love the taste!
A tablespoon of mineral oil per 25 lbs. of body weight can lubricate the stool when a dog is constipated. Never administer laxative without a vet's direction, and seek medical attention if your dog's constipation doesn't subside after several days, or if blood or mucous appears in the stool.
After hearing a wood thrush in his 20s while working on a farm in Georgia, composer John Luther Adams created his first major outdoor-themed work, “Songbirdsongs,” and launched a decades-long musical career exploring land, wildlife and ambient sound.
These ideas imbue all of Adams' work, including “Become Ocean,” the Pulitzer Prize-winning epic that made the New York composer famous in 2014. But they especially apply to the outdoor works like 2013's “Inuksuit”—an Alaskan Inuit word that means "to act in the capacity of the human"—a massive, outdoor piece that the Kadence Arts group performs at the Arnold Arboretum in Boston's Jamaica Plain neighborhood at 3 p.m. Sunday, June 12. (Admission is free.) The New York Times once called it "the ultimate environmental piece."
“The whole world is music,” Adams told WBUR's Open Source during a podcast interview earlier this year, “and as we begin to listen to the world that way we begin to understand not only where we are but who we are.”
Led by producer Maria Finkelmeier and artistic director Amy Garapic, more than 90 New England-based percussionists playing conch shells, gongs, maracas, air horns, cymbals, glockenspiels and a variety of drums will spread out around through the park's trees to play the 75-minute work. Listeners are encouraged to roam around the dispersed musicians.
"It's an outdoor piece, so there is no best seat in the house," Adams told Open Source. "The best place to hear ‘Inuksuit' is wherever you are."
While for “Inuksuit” Adams conceives of "each instrumentalist as a soloist, and each listener as a solitary figure," he hopes “Inuksuit” becomes greater than the sum of its parts. "Out of the shared experience of our individual listening emerges this larger sense that we're all in something bigger than we are."
Cyberith posted the Kickstarter campaign for its upcoming virtual reality (VR) compatible omnidirectional treadmill, the Virtualizer, at 17:00 BST yesterday, 24th July 2014. The company is hoping to raise $250,000 USD in order to fund production of the device, which can be used with the Oculus Rift VR head-mounted display (HMD). In just under 18 hours since the campaign's launch, it's raised well over half its target.
The Virtualizer campaign currently stands at over $1,300 raised with the help of over 190 backers. That includes 2 that have opted for the $3,899 reward tier which secures four Virtualizers in a bundle. Only 4 of the developer-focused Virtualizer without sensors remain, while over 100 backers have ordered the early bird version of the device at $699, meaning there are just 50 left before the price increases to $749.
There's still a total of 38 days before Cyberith's Virtualizer finishes its Kickstarter campaign on 31st August 2014, so the company has plenty of time to try and double its currenty funding goal. Stretch goals are yet to be outlined, though they will likely be shared as the campaign approaches its funding. Should the campaign prove successful then the first Virtualizers are expected to ship in March 2015.
VRFocus will continue to follow the Virtualizer's progress going forward, reporting back with any further updates.
Where is it easier to launch a bitcoin startup? Where is it possible to buy food or a car for bitcoins? CoinFox has made a list of five countries where cryptocurrency owners feel at ease.
THE UK
Alan Turing's motherland treats Bitcoin as an “inevitable good” and in some local pubs, you can get a pint for digital currency. The country boasts over 30 bitcoin ATMs and its government is about to start implementing the blockchain technology, the one underpinning bitcoin, to enhance the work of state institutions.
The law regards bitcoin as a personal asset. Goods and services purchased for bitcoins are subject to value added tax. The cost of goods or services subject to VAT must comply with the value of bitcoin in pounds sterling at the time of purchase.
According to British MP Harriett Baldwin, the UK accounts for 42% of all European investments in new financial technologies, which results in the fact that in the last year the country's GDP has grown by 20 billion pounds. She proudly notes that some companies developing digital currencies are moving to the UK:
“For example, Circle, a bitcoin services company, has announced that it is planning to open a London office from which it will coordinate its European expansion. Why the UK? Well, Circle were very clear: it was because of our positive attitude to FinTech and to digital currencies.”
American payment operator Circle in alliance with Barclays bank launched dollar-pound money transfers. This agreement is considered by many as a historical landmark: the banks are actively engaged in experiments with blockchain, at the same time avoiding bitcoin by any means. Now, Barclays provides Circle with an account to store pounds and the necessary infrastructure allowing to connect Circle account to any bank account in the UK.
DENMARK
Denmark is one of the countries that seek to eliminate paper money. Bank transfers and digital currency are widespread here. According to the country's central bank, bitcoin is not a currency, and therefore, its use is not regulated by the state and bitcoin transactions are not subject to taxation. Moreover, Denmark is the home to many bitcoin startups and exchanges, such as CCEDK.
In March of this year, Denmark became the first Scandinavian country where the purchase of real estate has been carried out using bitcoins. The payment was provided by the local company Coinify.
It is here that bitcoin activist Jack Nikogosyan made an experiment living only off bitcoins for a month. He had to endure a lot of challenges: to eat less and to use a bicycle instead of public transport but Coinify, which published the results of the experiment in its blog, recognised that the test was passed. It is worth noting that Jack persuaded his boss to give him a salary in bitcoins and paid his rent with it.
SWEDEN
Swedish financial regulator Finansinspektionen legalised bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in the country defining them as an asset, but not money. The country has become the home to many bitcoin startups including Safello Exchange and, in the past, one of the largest manufacturers of mining equipment, KnCMiner. The company was the first to release ASIC-miner in 2013, but it declared bankruptcy in May 2016, citing the halving of the bitcoin mining award (from 25 to 12.5 BTC) as the main reason. Nevertheless, the story goes on: KnCMiner found a new owner, GoGreenLight, which can resume its mining operation. Bitcoin mining is subject to taxation in the country, but only if it makes a profit.
FINLAND
In regard to freedom of bitcoin circulation and its popularity, Finland does not lag behind its Scandinavian neighbours. Finland is among the countries where bitcoin and the blockchain technology are becoming increasingly popular. In terms of using bitcoins per capita, the country is one of the three world leaders, Cointelegraph reports.
Finnish Tax Administration classifies bitcoin as financial service and operations with it are subject to value added tax.
According to ATMRadar service, the country has 16 bitcoin ATMs, ten of them located in Helsinki. The country is also home to FinCCX exchanges, Bittiraha and LocalBitcoins. In January 2016, it was Finland where Tesla S car worth more than €140,000 was sold for bitcoins.
THE NETHERLANDS
Speaking about the attitude to bitcoin in the Netherlands, the first thing to mention is that a whole city, Arnhem, was nicknamed “the city of bitcoin” in honour of the eponymous project. It boasts the highest concentration of companies providing goods and services for bitcoins — more than a hundred. In Arnhem, you can get a haircut, buy a hamburger or a new suit, send an email, repair home appliances or stay in one of five hotels in the city centre – all using the cryptocurrency.
The Netherlands regularly host bitcoin-related events and feature a number of bitcoin ATMs. Meanwhile, cryptocurrency is not regulated by the country's financial legislation.
In addition, De Nederlandsche Bank (the Dutch central bank) intends to create its own digital currency based on the technology of distributed ledger. The project was identified as the priority area for the bank in 2016.
The report of De Nederlandsche Bank published in March this year mentions a possible name for the future state cryptocurrency — DNBCoin. The document says that it is a “prototype of the bitcoin-based coin.” According to the DNB experts, the introduction of this digital currency will help to improve the transparency, security and accessibility of payments for users.
Lyudmila Brus
Let's talk about our Crowdsale & KYC
FintruX Team Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 30, 2017
Dear FintruX Community,
For the past few weeks, one of our main priorities has been to review and improve the current crowdsale model and ensure that it is fully compliant with the existing legal frameworks — our Team's hard work and dedication has resulted in a few changes that will hopefully make our value proposition even more attractive to all of our supporters.
Sharing instead of Burning
Our initial plan was to burn any unsold tokens, but the more we thought about it, the clearer it became to us how unfair this would be.
Imagine an improbable, yet possible scenario where we only sell 20% of our FTX Tokens — if we were to burn the rest, the reserved portion for the Team, Advisors and Collateral Pool would represent substantially more than the 25% we had initially proposed and this is not our intended purpose.
The FTX utility tokens are meant to allow for participation and engagement in our ecosystem — we want them to be distributed far and wide.
What does that mean in practice?
In essence, we want to ensure that all 75 million FTX tokens are distributed to our crowdsale participants, regardless of whether we reach our hard cap or not. Using our previous example, if we were to sell 20% of all FTX Tokens, this would mean that the remaining 55% of our unsold tokens would be distributed to our loyal contributors.
With this in mind and in order to facilitate the proportional distribution of any unsold FTX Tokens, the FTX Token Distribution Event that will take place two weeks after the successful conclusion of our Crowdsale.
Crowdsale Schedule
In order to ensure that our crowdsale runs smoothly we have decided to divide it into two phases:
If we reach our soft cap in the pre-sale, the pre-sale phase will end 48 hours later and the main token sale will begin as scheduled. Our crowdsale will continue until either our hard cap of 75,000,000 FTX is reached, or we reach the end date of our sale on February 28. We have scheduled the FTX Token Distribution Event to occur 2 weeks after the end of the crowdsale.
In the unlikely scenario that we came short of our 5000 ETH soft cap, all contributed ETH would be marked for refund. Anyone who contributed, including those who purchased our tokens at pre-sale, will be able to withdraw their ETH from the sale contract.
FTX Price
When we first envisioned our project, the price of ETH was $325 and with that in mind, we set a goal of 77,000 ETH; aiming for about $25 million as our hard cap to complete all phases of the FintruX ecosystem.
However, the recent surge in the price of ETH has allowed us to lower the crowdsale price of our FTX token and still maintain our original hard cap.
Please see below for the new bonus structure:
* For detailed information please refer to the “Crowdsale” section (P39) of recently released v.2.0 of our whitepaper.
Once we reach 25M USD in contributions, we will be stopping the sale early and forcefully kick in our FTX sharing mechanism — meaning that all contributors will get FTX proportional to their ETH, according to the exchange rate at the time. Thus, the ETH price will not affect our sale.
Know Your Customer (KYC)
Know your customer (KYC) is the process required for a business to identify and verify the identity of its clients. Our KYC procedure only needs to be performed once for all phases of our crowdsale. When accepted, you will be able to participate in either of the two pre-sale events or the main token sale event in February. You can find details about any current restrictions in our crowdsale document and on our sale page.
Our legal teams are working diligently to ensure that our crowdsale becomes as global as possible and shifts in the existing legally imposed limitations may occur during the different phases of the crowdsale.
Please note that the processing time for the KYC verification will vary from person to person and we are unable to specify the exact duration. The expected contribution defined during the KYC is not static and can also be increased during all phases of the crowdsale.
The list of accepted IDs for registration can be found in this spreadsheet.
Register now for the Pre-Sale!
We would like to take this opportunity to thank you all for your continuous support and engagement!
Sincerely,
The FintruX Team
About us: FintruX Network is the global P2P lending ecosystem powered by blockchain and no-code development. FintruX facilitates marketplace lending in a true peer-to-peer network to ease the cash-flow issues of SMEs that typically face challenges getting loan financing, such as startup companies.
Find us on our: Website ; Twitter ; Facebook ; Reddit; LinkedIn
Join our mailing list to stay up-to-date and get access to exclusive content.
Over the past several years my work has been focusing more and more on web GIS applications and I have chosen to use open source technologies rather than commercial applications for several reasons.
Why I moved to open source
Cost is an obvious factor. When dealing with multi-user enterprise level databases that form the backbone of most web GIS systems commercial software costs can quickly reach many 10's of thousands of dollars and that is enough to fund a lot of time learning to do it with open source technology.
In my experience, most web GIS applications are sufficiently complex that the “non-programming” promise of commercial software simply doesn't work. Even if you find a package that will work in the beginning it rarely takes long before the client and colleagues starts asking for features that aren't readily available, and you end up having to write code anyhow. And “non-programming” solutions have a steep learning curve too. One that is often poorly documented, constantly changing, and limited in its usefulness.
I like programming and I would prefer to spend my time figuring out how to do something on my own rather than spend time searching for something that someone else has already done. Figuring it out on my own is challenging and provides opportunity to learn. Searching for canned solutions and having to adapt to someone else's solution is frustrating and rarely fruitful.
I like having complete control over my applications and programming gives me the flexibility to build an application exactly as I see fit. The results are almost always better than hacking together other people's applications.
I can make my applications available to my clients, and securely restrict access from anyone without the proper credentials without requiring them to pay large amounts of money for the privilege of seeing their own data.
5 reasons to use QGIS with open source web GIS projects
Although I own commercial software, I have found myself using QGIS more and more frequently as I have moved deeper into open -source web GIS. It has lots of features not available out of the box in ArcGIS that are incredibly useful for anyone involved in web GIS.
QGIS has an extension called QGIS2Web that allows you to author a map in QGIS with labels, pop-ups, scale dependencies, etc and export it as a web map using either Leaflet or OpenLayers. It also packages up the data in the map as GeoJSON files and the entire package can be uploaded to a website and viewed over the internet. See how This is the equivalent of authoring a map in ArcGIS and publishing it to ArcGIS on-line except that you can modify the code as you see fit, you can password protect it using standard methods without requiring users to have an ArcGIS online license to view it, and you can host it on your own web-site so you have complete control of the data. The downside is that you are only serving static data that can't be edited remotely, but I bet someone is working on the ability to do that by packaging the data into a SpatiaLite or GeoPackage database, which could potentially provide database services for smaller open-source web GIS projecrt It would also be possible to write a python script to update the GeoJSON data files as necessary with the most current data so at least the data stays relatively current, which is not much different than the concept of “publishing” your data to ArcGIS Online. The ability to read and write GeoJSON files natively is ridiculously easy in QGIS. Any data format that QGIS can read, which is essentially everything, can be converted to GeoJSON and re-projected to WGS84 simply by right-clicking the layer in the layer control. See how This is important because almost all web mapping API's can read and display data in the GeoJSON format. Even if you will eventually be getting your data from a database, it will likely be coming in the form of GeoJSON so you can start writing your client-side code with GeoJSON files and seamlessly switch to a database when you are ready. In my opinion, QGIS is worth downloading, even for the most diehard ESRI fans, just for its ability to read and write so many data formats, including GPX. No more need for DNR Garmin. QGIS also reads, writes, and edits PostGIS data natively. In fact, QGIS was originally developed for the purpose of viewing and editing PostGIS data. PostGIS is a spatial extension to the open-source PostgreSQL database. PostgreSQL is a multi-user, enterprise level database and the combination is the equivalent of SQL Server and ArcSDE in the ESRI ecosystem. Except the database is free and easy to set up and anyone can download QGIS and edit that data without spending $7000 for an ArcEditor (or whatever they call it these days) license. This makes it very useful as the backend of an open source web GIS project. PostGIS can also be accessed from mobile or desktop web GIS applications so remote users can access data through a web GIS app, while in-house users have the full power of QGIS and everyone has full editing access to the same data in real-time. Its relatively trivial to get a PostGIS instance running on a web hosting site for only a few dollars per month with no subscription or user fees. The combination provides almost unlimited possibilities for web GIS applications. QGIS can also read and write SpatiaLite and GeoPackage data natively. Both of these are spatial extensions to SQLite, which is a file based multi-user database. SpatiaLite is the equivalent of a file geodatabase but it can handle multiple simultaneous editors, provided they are not trying to write at the same time. It is also a single file, which makes it easier to move around. SpatiaLite is accessed through SQL commands and can handle lightweight database duties for smaller open source web GIS projects without the complexity of installing PostGIS on your web server. SpatiaLite locks the database temporarily while data is being written, but usually ony for a few ms, unlike a file geodatabase which locks the entire dataset until the first person who access it closes their program, which makes it impossible to use with multiple editors. It has been estimated conservatively that SQLite can handle over 100k write operations per day as the backend to a web GIS application. GeoPackage allows storing both vector and raster data in a SQLite database and was designed to package up a set of data in a single file that can be moved to a mobile device for off-line access. QGIS has an extension called QTiles that allows you to author a map in QGIS and export it as raster tiles that can be included in an off-line application to provide custom background maps on a mobile device that don't require internet connectivity or use costly data. The map tiles can be stored in a variety of formats but the mbtiles format, also based on the SQLite database, is handy in that it is a single file and can easily be ported to a mobile device. I should mention that there is a QGIS Server product available. I've never used it and I don't know much about it. I have not been able to find much documentation about it either. From the little I have been able to uncover, it seems to be the ecosystem equivalent of ArcGIS Server in that it allows you to set up your data as WMS or WFS services so that they can be consumed by desktop or web GIS clients. There is another open-source product called GeoServer that seems to fill a similar role. All the work I have done has been for a smaller group of users and I've always used direct SQL calls to a PostGIS database when I need to serve dynamic data, rather than web services. But if you need that capability it does exist in the open-source world. Perhaps one of the readers can provide more information on this.
Comparison with ArcGIS
ESRI has their own ecosystem for web GIS through ArcGIS for Server and.or ArcGIS Online. As such they do not seem to put much effort into developing tools helpful for those pursuing an open source web GIS strategy. Nor would one expect them to be. They have put an enormous amount of money into both products. If you are happy with what they offer, so be it. But if you are an ESRI user who is looking into open-source web GIS you should be aware of some of its limitations to help you plan your strategy.
I will admit that I have not updated my ArcGIS license past 10.3 for a number of reasons so it is possible that newer versions of ArcGIS have some of the features that I have turned to QGIS for. If I am wrong, please let me know, however, a quick google search doesn't indicate that this is the case, and I really wouldn't expect it to be. ESRI is not in the habit of freely providing features that it can charge money for (I don't blame them, they are a business). I know that ArcGIS can read and write GeoJSON files through the Data Interoperability extension but it will cost you.
To my knowledge, ArcGIS can also read PostGIS data but cannot edit it. ESRI also supports their own spatial database extension on the PostgreSQL database but I assume that you still need an ArcEditor (or whatever they call it these days) license to edit.
ArcGIS also has limited support for SpatiaLite and GeoPackage. It can connect to either one so I assume data can be displayed, however, I do not believe it can create a new database and I do not know if it can be edited. Regardless, support seems to be a grudging afterthought rather than a core part of the ArcGIS software. You will have to dig deep to figure out how to do it on your own.
As far as I can tell, ArcGIS has no support whatsoever for .mbtiles. They do have their own directory based format for tiled map data but I believe that you need ArcGIS Server to write them and I am unaware of any offline support for them from any open source software.
I am not anti-ESRI. They are a fine company and they have done a lot for GIS and I know that they do support many non-profit causes. I simply can't afford their software and can't compete as a small business if I have their overhead. It's personal preference but I also don't like being forced to live in their ecosystem when I know there are other options that don't limit me or force me to rely on the black box approach to data hosting.
If you find yourself in the same boat, I encourage you to explore the tools that QGIS provides for open source web mapping. I think that you will be pleasantly surprised with what you can accomplish.
If you want to learn more about web GIS please join the Open Source Web GIS group on LinkedIn.
Mild sales pitch if you want to learn more
I also have two courses available on Udemy. One is an Introduction to web programming for GIS Applications, which provides a broad overview of the client and server-side technologies involved in 13.5 hours of content. The second, also with 13.5 hours of content, is a more focused look at client side programming with Leaflet and Turf.js. Both are available for 80% off ($20 each) to readers of this blog with the links above.
I am currently working on a third course focusing on considerations for mobile applications which should be available mid September. After that I plan on developing a 4th course on server side programming with PostGIS and a 5th on mobile data collection applications. Keep your eyes on this blog or on my YouTube channel for announcements of course releases.
Phil Jay
WBC super lightweight titleholder Viktor Postol will make a voluntary defense of his new championship before facing number one contender Amir Imam.
The Ukranian, who impressed when claiming the title against Argentinian Lucas Matthysse, looks set to return in the spring of 2016 against a Top 15 contender.
“Since Postol won the vacant title – with a sensational performance against Lucas Matthysse on October 3 – he is required to make two mandatory defenses according to WBC rules,” said the WBC.
“No. 1 ranked mandatory challenger Amir Imam of the U.S. is contracted to fight on November 28 in Quebec City, so Postol was approved for a voluntary defense, with the winner of that fight to next make the first mandatory defense. The second mandatory challenger is to be determined.”
Whilst at 135lbs, Jorge Linares will begin talks to fight mandatory Dejan Zlaticanin following his successful defense against Ivan Cano last month.
“Linares won the vacant title on December 30, 2014, and made his first mandatory defense against Kevin Mitchell. Dejan Zlaticanin of Montenegro is his second mandatory challenger, and the WBC will start the process for free negotiations for that fight this month.”
Down at 130, the winner of Takashi Miura v Fransisco Vargas later this month will be allowed a voluntary defense in 2016.
Local Sender name: Sender email: Friend's name: Friend's email: Russia, Saudi Arabia discuss Yemen's impasse
MOSCOW, March 23 (Saba) - Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the Saudi Foreign Minister Saud al-Faisal discussed on Monday in a telephone conversation the bilateral relations and the regional issues between the two countries, including the current crisis in Yemen.
The Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement released today that the two ministers paid more attention to settle the impasse in Yemen based on resuming the comprehensive national dialogue, including the another urgent issues on the regional and international agenda.
It explained that the two ministers confirmed, in the phone call, their countries readiness to intensify trade and economic cooperation and bilateral cooperation in the field of energy between Russia and Saudi Arabia.
HA
Saba [23/March/2015]Saba
By Shi Chenlu Editor: Frank Zhao
Hong Ying [File Photo/Jiefang Daily]
British-Chinese author Hong Ying released her latest kids' novel The New Moon in the Sky recently, the third installment from her popular Amazing Teen Sangsang series which first appeared in 2014.
Originally a writer of adult fiction, Hong said that she shifted her focus in order to write stories for her own daughter and other youth based on traditional Chinese myths. The novels are gifts for her girl and a memory of her own vivid childhood.
"I started to write children's stories because my girl begged me to tell her tales," said Hong. "After I read Western fairy tales to her, she said she wanted to know about stories that happened in China."
"I wanted to pass the pleasure I conveyed to my daughter through those stories to more children, and then the stories became part of the series of Amazing Teen Sangsang," noted Hong.
Hong shot to fame in 1997 with her autobiography, Daughter of the River, the English version of which outsold Harry Potter that year. For the 50-something, her childhood was filled with bitter starvation.
"As a little girl, I was always hungry," said Hong. "Imagination and expectations can bring you fulfillment and pleasure. I used their force to combat starvation and terror, and that's another reason why I wrote novels for kids and adults."
Like the previous books in the series, The New Moon in the Sky is filled with fantasies. Its front cover even features an ancient giant monster, an image based on a creature from an ancient Chinese collection of myths called The Guidebook of Mountains and Seas, written roughly 2,000 years ago.
"The creature played a prank on the Emperor in the heaven and was turned into a sculpture as a punishment," said Hong. "Its curse would be removed when it was thanked for helping others."
In southwest China's Chongqing, where Hong was born and raised, there used to stand such a sculpture. The connection of the creature and her childhood inspired her to give it a role in her latest book.
"My memories of my childhood became sources for my writing. Though lead character Sangsang is a boy, he is based on a young me," explained Hong.
The Sangsang series is an ambitious work with four more volumes to come in the near future. "I have completed the fourth and fifth volumes, which will be published in the latter half of the year. Next year, its last two volumes will be released," said Hong.
In each of the seven books, Hong wants to describe a virtue. The first one is about thanksgiving, the second is about sympathy, the latest is about forgiveness and they will be followed by bravery, love, kindness and responsibility.
This October, a musical based on her latest novel will be staged in Shanghai.
After the series, Hong will focus on writing stories related to Shanghai. "My foster father used to live in Shanghai," said Hong. "When I was young, he often told me stories about the city."
To prepare for her future works, Hong has done extensive research. "I will possibly write about Shanghai in the 1940s," she said.
(Source: Jiefang Daily/Translated and edited by Women of China)
Imagine, for a moment, that you are Amazon. Now imagine that, in the last seven days, several esteemed authors have accused you of out-and-out censorship, the Authors Guild has met with the DOJ about your alleged antitrust violations, and, yes, you may have been responsible for sabotaging a beloved publisher of erotica. It's been a rough week. But, being Amazon, you have $75 billion of revenue in your pocket, so how do you regain the trust of the reading public? You bring the power to the people. American Idol style.
Last week, Amazon quietly announced a new crowdsourcing initiative in an email to KDP (Kindle Direct Publishing) authors. The program, which still does not have a name, URL, or much of anything else, allows genre authors — science fiction, mystery, thriller, romance — to submit works that may, possibly, be up-voted by readers into publication. If chosen, authors will receive a guaranteed $1,500 advance, marketing from Amazon, and a 50% e-book royalty rate. In return, Amazon gets worldwide publication rights for e-book and audio versions of the book. And, if after five years your book returns less than $5,000 in royalties, you're free to walk.
Of course, what we see here is not the big payout, record deal, instant celebrity of the TV equivalent, but instead the meager advance — that's, what, three or four weeks of minimum wage work? — supposedly offset by a generous royalty rate. This is, of course, vintage Amazon.
But that's not the only thing that irks me about this project. Although general details are in short supply — it's still unclear whether this will be a contest or a full-on venture — Amazon has provided a list of wildly superficial entry requirements, that, upon further inspection, betray the cold indifference of its recent publishing exploits. To enter, the author must submit
– An entire manuscript (50,000 word minimum) with cover image.
– A “one-liner” pitch that must be shorter than a tweet. Example provided: “Space opera meets the Middle Ages.”
– A book description that must be shorter than four tweets.
– A bio and, of course, a photo.
After the book is entered, readers will cast their votes on the basis of a tiny, 3,000-word sample. But who are the readers? It's so far unclear whether they will be Amazon employees or some general audience. Nor has Amazon provided any information about the editorial process once the book has been accepted for publication.
What is certain is that authors will be held to a 45-day exclusivity agreement upon submission. And, again, after the book is accepted, they'll be locked in for five years (if they get anything at all).
So, it's sort of like The Voice for genre authors, except that you have no coach, you only get to sing ten seconds of your song for a shadow audience of probably jealous peers, and, once you enter, you aren't allowed to sing the song again for over a month. And, if you win, you have to sing the same song for the same overlords for five years.
I would argue that Amazon's new scheme, with its cursory process, one that calls on the author to submit a glamour shot along with an entire manuscript — only to be judged on a sample — is emblematic of its recent approach to publishing in general. This is calculating, technology-driven corporatism that should, honestly, surprise no one. On this note, too, maybe it's time for literary publishing to ask itself whether Amazon is actually evil or just indifferent to authors, editors, agents, and readers. (It's customers, silly.) And if Big Publishing wants to compete with Amazon — although it really can't, considering that Amazon dwarfs them all — maybe it should do so by finding new, pro-editorial platforms that humanize the publishing process.
To be fair, Amazon's technocratic approach has won fans in other media — they've certainly taken it to network television and Hollywood — but it remains to be seen whether the same methods will produce lasting, quality, or even reader-supported work in other media. Of course, we've had the stray success story. But we've also had many, many winners of American Idol. Where are they now?
Photo essay: German photographer Stephanie Kloss visited some of California's iconic Mid-Century Modern homes to create this series of 1940s-inspired images (+ slideshow).
The abundance of film stars and warm weather made California a "hot-spot for architectural experimentation" by prolific west-coast architects including Richard Neutra, John Lautner, E Stewart Williams and Albert Frey during the 1940s, 50s and 60s.
Kloss wanted to capture the spirit of the era in her photographs, so she shot them using on a medium-format analogue camera and staged the scenes with a model in retro attire to give the pictures a vintage quality.
She then pared down more than 500 photographs to just seven to create the California Dreaming series. In this essay, she describes her approach.
I have always been interested in Mid-Century design, so naturally I was pulled towards the one place where the very best examples can be found – California. The wealth and tastes of Hollywood's Golden Era stars, combined with the warm climate, made LA the hot-spot for architectural experimentation.
California is known as the city of dreams, and it was my dream too: I've always wanted to photograph the Mid-Century Modern houses there, selected icons of Modernity, I was particularly interested in the residential buildings by Richard Neutra, John Lautner, and Albert Frey.
Fortunately, most of the homeowners were happy for me to enter their properties, though it wasn't all plain-sailing. I would have loved to get inside Richard Neutra's Lovell House and Kaufmann House, but I couldn't get in contact with the owners.
My aim was to capture the charm and sophistication of these luxury homes
The Stahl House in LA only wanted to sell their own photos, and in Palm Springs, there were buildings I would have liked to photograph but didn't have an opportunity to get permission. Not everybody was quite so secretive however. Mr Goldstein was present during our shoot, but was as relaxed as if he didn't even see us. He just made some popcorn and watched a baseball game on his giant flatscreen TV.
The model in the pictures is my very good friend, and collaborator, Anne Retzlaff, a Berlin-based choreographer and dancer. I met her while I was editing RP Kahl's arthouse film Bedways and she was dancing in one of the scenes. We've been friends ever since and have collaborated on various projects.
In her dance pieces, she likes to search for the connection between body and architecture, as she did in her solo performance Abandon Window at the opening of the Neue Meisterhäuser at Bauhaus Dessau. That's why she is in these pictures as a 'living sculpture', a little bit like a ghost of old times.
Most photographs of Mid-Century Modern homes from the 1950s and 1960s picture the typical American family whose image was so popular at the time, but I just couldn't resist the idea of featuring a solitary woman prancing about the otherwise empty residences. Anne, wearing the fashion of the era, becomes not only our guide but in some ways the personification of our collective nostalgia for the day. She, unlike the rest of us, will stay forever fixed in time.
It wasn't just the architecture that appealed to me
My aim was to capture the charm and sophistication of these luxury homes, shooting them all with a Linhof medium format analogue camera, which I hoped would give the pictures a vintage grainy and washed feel – making them seem as if they were straight off the pages of a 1940s magazine.
It wasn't just the architecture that appealed to me though. In the large windows, clean lines, and thoughtfully placed palm trees, I feel like you can almost see the ghosts of glamorous figures and their parties. The memories of Frank Sinatra, John F Kennedy, and Marilyn Monroe linger.
I think that is why my favourite from the California Dreaming series is the Goldstein residence, shot at night. I love the way that Anne really does appear as a ghost of times gone by, but also how her reflection in the water mirrors the symmetry of the architecture in the property.
The Goldstein residence was built in 1963 by architect John Lautner and renovated in 1988. The house has a very striking triangular roof. One can immediately sense the aura of the building, which has served as a backdrop for multiple Hollywood films, including The Big Lebowski and Charlie's Angels.
One can immediately sense the aura of the building
The Case Study House is in Pasadena and was built to accommodate the masses of soldiers coming back after the Second World War. The house I photographed belongs to a married couple – friends of friends from Germany – who have lovingly renovated it. The building is located on a hillside on a sloping corner lot. Its lines follow the slope while also creating lots of space.
After shooting this we then moved on to Frank Sinatra's holiday house, Twin Palms. This is where Sinatra welcomed many celebrities, including Bob Hope, Marilyn Monroe and JFK. Excitingly this house can now be rented, though for a very large sum of money! Other houses I shot whilst out in California include Richard Neutra's VDL House in Silverlake and Lovell House.
The shooting took 21 days and I had to process over 500 photos. It was an experience I will never forget and I hope that other people find the properties as awe-inspiring as I did.
The House Committee on Rules blocked an amendment from going to vote on Wednesday that would have allowed military rape victims to access abortion care through their government-provided health plans.
Earlier this week, Rep. Susan Davis (D-Calif.) and five other House Democrats submitted an amendment to the 2012 National Defense Authorization Act that would reverse the current policy of denying abortion coverage to military women who are raped and become pregnant during their service. As the bill currently stands, servicewomen have to pay out of pocket for an expensive abortion procedure unless they can prove that their lives are in danger.
By contrast, other federal bans on abortion coverage, including those for Medicaid recipients, federal employees, and women in federal prisons, all include exceptions for victims of rape and incest. The ban on abortion coverage for military rape victims is actually more extreme than the Hyde Amendment, which has prohibited federally-funded abortions for the past 30 years except in the cases of rape, incest and life endangerment.
"I think it's outrageous that we have young women who are serving our country and sacrificing their lives, and if they are raped and a pregnancy happens then they cannot utilize federal resources in order to have an abortion," Rep. Davis told HuffPost. "How can we tell a servicewoman that we would provide funding for her if she were sitting in a safe office in Washington, DC, but because she's fighting for our freedom in Afghanistan we tell her no? It's just not acceptable."
Instances of rape in the armed services are alarmingly common: The Pentagon reported more than 3,000 cases in FY 2009, and the Department of Defense estimates that reported incidents only account for a small fraction of the sexual assaults that actually occur.
Davis said it is unclear exactly why the House Committee on Rules, led by Rep. David Dreier (R-Calif.), decided that the amendment did not deserve to be debated or get a vote.
"I think they just don't want this to come up," she told HuffPost, "so they used a rule to block it."
Dreier's office did not return calls for comment.
NARAL Pro-Choice America said it was outraged by the House leadership's ongoing campaign to limit women's access to abortion care.
“Why Stippler and Fjordbach will probably not become the champions.” With this headline the VLN website opened race week. In the article it was explained that the Phoenix Racing-duo would likely never amass enough points over the whole season despite winning the first race of the season and leading the championship, due to VLN's unique points system. Perhaps, or likely, they indeed won't win the championship, but Frank Stippler and Anders Fjordbach didn't stop trying and won their second race in a row and with it solidified their lead in the championship.
It's another dreary day at the Nürburgring. The cars are lining up for the 41. DMV 4-Stunden-Rennen on a wet but drying track, not knowing for sure which tyres to choose for the start of the four hour long race. Most go for wets, some for intermediates. The pole-sitting Black Falcon Mercedes-AMG GT3 and fellow front-row starter Phoenix Racing Audi R8 LMS GT3 go for safe and are fitted rain tyres. Frikadelli Racing, on the other hand, sees an opportunity and gambles with intermediates. With scattered showers during the day in the forecast but for the moment even the sun cracking through the clouds, intermediates might just be the way to go for the first stint.
How fast the tarmac is drying soon becomes obvious when after only one race lap the leading Black Falcon AMG of Maro Engel enters pit lane for slick tyres, followed by VLN1 race winner Frank Stippler in the Phoenix Audi and a large number of other GT3s. In just one lap a dry enough line has appeared to ditch the wet weather rubber.
Not all frontrunners are changing to slicks yet. Frikadelli Racing's Sabine Schmitz is still going strong in her Porsche 991 GT3R on intermediates, as is Matias Henkola in the Walkenhorst BMW M6 GT3, the new leader of the race. Slick tyres prove to be the best choice, though, and Stippler and Engel are rapidly closing the gap to the cars that didn't stop after the opening lap, soon overtaking those that are still on treaded tyres.
Watching the other cars go by, the remaining GT3s are forced to change to slicks as well, although new dark clouds are slowly returning.
“We were one of the few who started on the right tyres, the intermediates,” Frikadelli Porsche pilot Patrick Huisman says. The Dutchman sees his team return to the front of the field by choosing to go with intermediates, but then asked for just a little bit too much. “Everyone in front of us was on rain tyres. Sabine [Schmitz] did the start and got to the front well, but maybe stayed out one lap too long.”
Frikadelli would eventually find its way back to the front. On slick tyres and with Huisman behind the wheel the team climbs to fourth position, within arms reach of the podium. All seems to be going well, until a problem with the tie rod forces the Porsche 991 GT3R into the pits for repairs.
It's not just the weather and the slower cars that Stippler and Engel are battling. Running just tenths apart, it's a battle between the two German compatriots. Stippler, who has passed Engel through the first-lap pit stops, has to defend from the charging AMG. Almost does Engel make the pass, but running onto the wet grass saves Stippler from having to yield to the young AMG worksdriver.
Only after the second round of pit stops the AMG takes over the lead, having stopped a lap earlier than the Audi. The duel now continues with Bernd Schneider behind the wheel of the AMG and Anders Fjordbach in the Audi.
Black Falcon leads until the final hour, although the gap never reaches over thirty seconds. Manuel Metzger holds first position with half an hour to go when he enters pit lane to hand over the car to Adam Christodoulou. Unleashing the Brit on the Nordschleife has often brought Black Falcon more than what seemed possible at the time, but when Christodoulou leaves the pits, victory is out of reach. Phoenix, needing to do only two pits stops for driver changes, is all set with Stippler having taken over from Fjordbach many laps ago. There's just one more obstacle to overcome: as the clock reaches zero, the heavens open up once more today.
“The last lap was really insane. Many cars crashed into the barriers. Perhaps even at every fifth corner there was a car left or right in the barrier,” Black Falcon Porsche 991 GT3 Cup BF driver Tim Scheerbarth describes the final minutes of the race. The Dormagener and his Spanish teammate, Alex Toril, got through the final lap without a problem to take today's win in SP7 without much resistance from the rest of the class. “But not me, we finished without a scratch on our car, so we are really happy.”
At 16:09 the blue-white Audi finally appears through the raindrops. An extremely cautious final lap on slick tyres through the rain and past crashed cars secures Stippler of the team's second win in just as many races. Even Christodoulou, usually one of the most daring drivers in the field, plays it safe and cruises to the chequered flag, followed by Uwe Alzen in the Haribo Racing Mercedes-AMG GT3 in third.
While Audi and AMG are all set for a competitive 24 Hours of the Nürburgring, some teams and manufacturers still have some work to do. Frikadelli Racing is one of those wondering why they can't keep up. It's no secret that the new Porsche is hit hard by the Nordschleife-specific Balance of Performance, but that's only part of the story.
“No, I think that Porsche in general, also at Manthey and Falken, is still having problems, in particular with the roadability,” Patrick Huisman answers when asked if Frikadelli is ready for the 24 Hours. “In additional to that, we're also losing out with the Balance of Performance. When you look at the lap times, I think it's almost ten seconds, so that's pretty much. I hope that the organisation for the 24 Hours will do something about that, but right now we have the weakest car of the GT3s.
“On the one side it's the top speed [due to the Balance of Performance], on the other side we all have some sort of problem with the brakes, which isn't very typical for Porsche. Normally they're very good cars on the brakes, but we all have a braking problem and they can't quite figure out what it is.”
Not much time remains until the start of the 24 Hours of the Nürburgring on 28 May. If Porsche, or any other manufacturer, is to sort any kind of problem out in a competitive environment, it will have to be done during the third VLN race that takes place in two weeks time.
Main findings
Although previous research has shown that exposure to childhood adversity is associated with a substantial increase in the risk of suicide ideation and suicide attempts as well as suicide, the association between cumulative exposure to childhood adversity and suicide risk has been less clear.167844 Our study of 548 721 individuals confirms that exposure to childhood adversity is associated with a substantially increased risk of suicide in adolescence and young adulthood and shows that the risk grows higher with increasing number of adversities. The association between adversity and suicide remained after adjustment for parental education and income, school performance, and childhood psychopathology. Exposure to suicide in the family, parental psychiatric disorder, and substantial parental criminality during childhood seem to entail the greatest risks of later suicide. Moreover, childhood adversity seems to be such a strong risk factor for suicide in adolescence and young adulthood that it attenuated the effect of other known risk factors, such as poor school performance and childhood psychopathology. Childhood adversity, especially accumulated, increased the risk of suicide independently of these factors in our study.
In line with previous findings,394546 suicide in the family, parental psychiatric disorder, and parental criminality were associated with the greatest suicide risk. For instance a Danish case-control study of 496 young people (aged 10-21) who died by suicide found several parental factors to be associated with an increased risk, such as parental suicide or early death, admission to hospital for a mental illness, unemployment, and low income.10
Previous studies have found a dose-response relation between childhood adversity and suicide attempts and between childhood adversity and premature death1622—that is, the higher the number of indicators, the higher the risk. We found this to also be true for suicide mortality.
Experience of childhood adversity increases the risk for disturbed emotional and behavioural self regulation, which could increase the risk for an impulsive and destructive reaction to stress and adversities in adulthood.47 This could, at least partly, explain the relation between childhood adversity and suicide risk. Furthermore, shared environment effects such as abuse or transmission of psychopathology are other possible explanations.48 We have previously shown childhood adversity to be associated with an increased risk of self harm,21 which in turn is a strong risk factor for suicide.1349 We have also shown that young people with childhood adversity are more likely to have used psychiatric services50 compared with those without such adversity. This is probably because they have higher rates of psychiatric disorders.51 Young people exposed to childhood adversity might, nevertheless, be less likely to seek medical care when ill compared with non-exposed children, which might influence their risk of suicide. It is not known how childhood adversity might have influenced help seeking behaviour and use of psychiatric services among young people in our study.
Exposure to childhood adversity is possibly influenced by genetic factors—for example, those related to family history of suicide, parental criminality, psychiatric disorders, and substance abuse among parents—which could also entail a higher likelihood for suicide in exposed children.52 Adjustment for parental psychiatric disorders, a proxy for children's genetic loading for psychiatric disorders, however, attenuated but did not explain the associations between childhood adversity and suicide. This finding is in favour of a social causation hypothesis for the association we found between childhood adversity and suicide.
Although childhood adversity was common in our cohort, it is important to note that most children (58%) did not experience any adversity, and 41% (175/431) of suicides during follow-up were in those with no exposure to adversity. Thus, identification of risk factors for suicide in young people other than the adversities we studied remains a challenge but also an opportunity for suicide prevention in the younger age groups. For example, factors such as abuse and neglect, bullying, mood disorders and substance abuse, physical illness, lack of social support, and exposure to peers with suicidal behaviour might be important targets for prevention53 but were not studied here.
Furthermore, we found that those with a history of exposure to childhood adversity more often performed worse in school and also had a history of childhood psychopathology to a greater extent. In the light of previous evidence that children from adverse family backgrounds tend to show school performance below their potential, based on their cognitive capacity,54 programmes aimed at boosting school performance and providing social support to disadvantaged children could prove one promising pathway for improved mental health and suicide prevention. Moreover, a chaotic household seems to increase the suicide risk among young people, and previous findings have identified family support as an important intervention target to decrease suicide risk among anxious young people.55 Family support and involvement in intervention for those at risk is another potentially successful pathway.56 Lastly, the fact that indicators of childhood adversity often co-occur might have important implications for intervention. Prevention of single indicators among individuals exposed to several is unlikely to have any effects, and universal public health policies aiming to reduce social disadvantage and its impact on children lives are warranted.
Furthermore, the strong associations we found between single childhood adversities and suicide suggest that efforts should also be made to develop selective interventions that effectively alleviate suicide risk in easily identifiable groups at high risk. For example, children exposed to family suicide constitute a relatively small subgroup of all children with childhood adversity in our study but could be easily identified through school, the healthcare system, or social services, all of which are potential arenas for evidence based preventive interventions.
BILLIE Smedts and Josh Caddy should stick to kicking a Sherrin, because as Cat burglars they make mighty fine footy players.
When the duo decided to play a prank on Jackson Thurlow, the "innocent fun" they decided on was a spot of housebreaking at their teammate's new digs.
But the concept of a fleet-footed raffle doing a midnight flit across the rooftops without a trace eluded them.
For a start, it wasn't dark yet. On top of that, they got the wrong house.
So when a woman looked out her window and noticed two balaclava-clad men trying to force their way in, not unnaturally she called 000.
And soon after making their getaway back to Kardinia Park, the hapless pair found themselves staring down the barrels of guns levelled at them by five of Geelong's finest.
"Oh, mate, it was scary - very scary," a sheepish Smedts said.
Caddy said: "We are both sorry to that lady. In hindsight, we shouldn't have done it."
Caddy said it was simply a prank gone wrong.
"It was just some innocent fun with me and Billie, which unfortunately scared people.
"We were just in the $2 shop and saw them (balaclavas) and thought it would be a bit of fun to scare young Thurlow at his new house he'd just moved into," Caddy said.
"We're a little bit embarrassed, but it's been dealt with."
Smedts added: "If (police) want us to go and apologise, we will. But it's all done and dusted, and they know it was a big prank and a big misunderstanding."
Inspector Gary Bruce said police had attended several burglaries in the South Geelong area in previous weeks and so responded swiftly to the call from Yarra St about 5pm on Wednesday.
He said the pair were given official cautions.
"They were extremely apologetic. It placed our members in danger in responding quickly to the call and caused potential danger, not only to our members but also those two."
He said police had spoken with club management.
Club media manager Kevin Diggerson said no further action would be taken.
"It was a misunderstanding and the boys hadn't done anything wrong," he said.
"There was no malice or attempt to cause any drama."
Asked whether Geelong players would be spoken to about pranks, he said: "We think our players are a mature group of people and will take out of it what they like."
Thursday night, the Cardinals got thumped by the Reds, 11-0. Bad game. One of those games you just toss out and move on from. You might wonder what this has to do with clutch.
Conveniently, Thursday night, the Cardinals found themselves in basically zero clutch situations. For something a little more representative, consider Wednesday's game, against the Cubs. Nine outs into the game, the Cardinals trailed 3-1. From there, they yielded no more runs; from there, they scored three more, all in the bottom of the eighth. In that way, the Cardinals won a game in which they were out-hit 11-5. They won a game in which they were out-OPSed .650-.526.
The Cardinals haven't made a habit of that, exactly, but it gets at the idea. As I write this, the Cardinals have the best record in baseball, by a handful of games. Odds are pretty good they'll reach or clear 100 wins. It makes sense that they also have the best run differential in the National League. Yet, interestingly, we can also consider OPS differential. By that measure, the Cardinals rank fifth in baseball, between the Pirates and the Yankees. That's still good, obviously, but there's something going on in between those numbers and the actual team record. Something that's made the Cardinals look even stronger.
Article continues below ...
That something is clutch performance. The Cardinals have been clutch, far more clutch than any other team. It's admittedly a difficult thing to quantify. And, admittedly, there are multiple definitions of "clutch." The definition being used here is putting on a particularly good performance in pressure situations. You could think of the Cardinals as having had wonderful timing. It's lifted their record above what you'd expect.
I'd like to introduce you to a statistic we have on FanGraphs called "Clutch." Here's a link to a brief explanation, and if you want one that's briefer still, the number measures "how much better or worse a player does in high-leverage situations than he would have done in a context-neutral environment." It's a measure of timing, and while it's a little bit complicated and while the units aren't easy to explain, let's just agree to skip the gory part. There's Clutch for players, and there's Clutch for teams. For teams, there's Clutch for hitting, and there's Clutch for pitching.
Following is a plot of 2015 data. On the x-axis, batting Clutch, and on the y-axis, pitching Clutch. The Cardinals are highlighted.
Offensively speaking, the Cardinals have had better timing than average, but they've really been strong on the other side. They lead baseball in pitching Clutch, and so when you put the numbers together, they also lead baseball in overall Clutch, a couple points ahead of the Royals, and several points ahead of the Twins. This year, no team has been more clutch than the Cardinals, at least by this measure. And this has significance beyond just 2015, which is most of the way over.
See, the headline includes the word "historically." On FanGraphs, we have this data on the team level going back to 1974. That doesn't cover all baseball, or even most baseball, but it does cover a lot of baseball. Many decades of baseball. This season isn't yet over, but still, check out the following table of the 10 most clutch teams, overall, during the time window:
Top 10 Clutch Teams, 1974 – 2015 Season Team Batting Pitching Total Clutch 2008 Angels 7.3 7.6 14.9 2006 Athletics 4.5 9.0 13.4 2012 Giants 5.2 7.4 12.6 2015 Cardinals 2.0 9.6 11.7 2007 Diamondbacks 2.8 8.4 11.2 2004 Reds 6.3 4.6 10.9 1977 Orioles 6.2 4.5 10.8 1990 White Sox 8.1 2.6 10.7 2012 Orioles 1.8 8.8 10.6 1989 Padres 3.5 7.0 10.5
There are this year's Cardinals, in fourth, out of 1,168. They haven't been the most clutch team in several years — they're still a little behind the Orioles from three years back — but it's an impressive standing nevertheless. If things play out normally, the Cardinals will finish in fourth. If they keep up their current pace, they'll finish in second. And while right now the Cardinals are in fourth overall, they've already been the most clutch team on the mound. They could go on to lose their place, struggling in the final few weeks, but right now, if you sort by pitching Clutch, the Cardinals are No. 1 over the past few decades. This is a truly historic performance, taking place in a visible yet also subtle area.
Explaining why it's happening isn't easy. Things are weird. The how is easier. How have Cardinals pitchers been so clutch? A little over a month ago, Ben Lindbergh focused on performance with runners on base. If you want to read this article, but by a different writer, go read that. Lindbergh was trying to explain the same thing. I'm not going to look at performance with runners on base, but I am going to look at the overlapping performance in high-leverage situations. If you don't know what "high leverage" means, just think pressure. The higher the pressure, the greater the stakes, the higher the leverage. Bases loaded, tie game, ninth inning? High leverage. Bases loaded, 10-run game, ninth inning? Low leverage. Easy.
This year, in low-leverage situations, Cardinals pitchers have allowed a .731 OPS, ranking 19th.
This year, in medium-leverage situations, Cardinals pitchers have allowed a .668 OPS, ranking third.
This year, in high-leverage situations, Cardinals pitchers have allowed a .572 OPS, ranking first. First by a mile!
And again, this goes beyond just this year. That number is exceptional. Since 1974, here are the top 10 lowest OPS figures allowed by team in high-leverage situations:
Best 10 OPS Allowed, High Leverage, 1974 – 2015 Season Team OPS Allowed 2015 Cardinals 0.572 1988 Dodgers 0.592 2003 Dodgers 0.593 1988 Athletics 0.611 2011 Braves 0.615 2011 Phillies 0.615 2013 Pirates 0.616 1976 Phillies 0.619 2002 Braves 0.620 1985 Mets 0.621 SOURCE: Baseball-Reference
We see this year's Cardinals again, in first, by a full 20 points. As yet another reminder: This number is going to change over the final few weeks, but it might not change enough to bump the Cardinals out of the lead. They've given themselves a strong advantage. There aren't really that many games left. The Cardinals have excelled in large part because when the pressure has been on their pitchers, their pitchers have performed much better than otherwise.
To some extent, the Cardinals could be making sure their better pitchers are handling more of the pressure situations. That's just smart managing. However, 20 different Cardinals pitchers have gone through at least 20 high-leverage plate appearances. Out of those, 17 have allowed a lower OPS in those situations than they have in other situations. That's a big number. Or, a big percentage. It's crazy to think about, an effect that's spread almost team-wide.
The unfortunate part, if you want to call it that, is it's hard to believe this'll keep up. Put another way, it's hard to believe the Cardinals have solved something. This is a plot of team Clutch scores, and the same teams' Clutch scores from the following season:
You're familiar with correlations? You're familiar with r-squared numbers? The r-squared for the above plot is 0.00. For team batting Clutch, year over year, it's 0.01. For team pitching Clutch, year over year, it's 0.01. There's no evidence of sustainability. What happens in one year is essentially completely un-influenced by what happened in the previous year.
But then, how much do the Cardinals really have to care about sustainability? Right now they're not thinking about 2016. They're thinking about the next few weeks and the postseason, and the clutch performance has gotten them this far. As a team, in the first half, their overall Clutch score was No. 1 in baseball. As a team, in the second half, their overall Clutch score is No. 2 in baseball. That's the only sustainability they care about, and there's no point in suggesting regression when you're less than a month from the playoffs. There's not time anymore for this to fully regress. What we have is something extraordinary, and it's almost all the way locked in.
How have the Cardinals survived and thrived despite some of the injuries they've sustained? Well, a lot has happened, and the team has played well, but the Cardinals have occupied the top spot in baseball in large part because the pitching staff has been historically clutch. It's hard to lose when you don't allow runs. It's hard to allow runs when you don't allow hits in run-scoring situations. It's not exactly a team approach to plan on, but it's a hell of a lift when you get it.
'Nothing short of insanity,' says VPD of crash at 250km/h that left a teen with head trauma, broken bones
Chinese national Yue Wang accused of going five times the speed limit in a crash that seriously hurt a teen
VANCOUVER (NEWS 1130) – A driver accused of going of 250 kilometres an hour before crashing in a residential Vancouver neighbourhood nearly a year ago has been charged.
The accused was driving his 17-year-old passenger, an acquaintance, from Richmond back home to Vancouver, when at 57th Avenue and Southwest Marine Drive, he lost control and crashed onto the property of a home.
Vancouver Police Constable Brian Montague says it took an hour before the pair was found.
“This is a fairly remote part of Vancouver. The houses are very large and the properties are very large. The owner of the home did hear something, he looked out his window and couldn't see anything and traffic going by wasn't able to see anything other than some debris on the road. It was dark [at the time] and, like I said, it was a fairly remote area and they were hidden amongst the trees and the bushes in this person's yard.”
Montague has been an officer for more than two decades and is amazed no one else was hurt.
“We are very lucky, I think, that we didn't pull two dead bodies out of this vehicle. Clearly he's not thinking. We have someone behind the wheel of a car who has total disregard for others using the road and for his passenger. There's nothing other than stupidity that I can use to explain his driving at that time.”
He adds the evidence in this case was damning.
“We have skid marks to look at. We have debris fields. We have the damage to the vehicle. But we also have access to the event data recorder in the vehicle and the airbag control module — this provides our investigators with a huge amount of data which includes everything from braking to acceleration and speeds that were involved just prior to collisions.”
“The evidence we provided Crown indicates he was travelling at five times the speed limit on a fairly narrow, two-lane piece of roadway. The only word I have to describe that is ‘insane.'”
The passenger suffered serious injuries including several fractured facial bones, brain swelling and possible eye damage.
The 19-year-old driver, a Chinese national, left the country after the crash but returned to Vancouver for a citizenship ceremony last week.
“Whether or not he knew there was a warrant out for his arrest, I'm not sure,” adds Montague, who points out the accused missed the ceremony.
Yue Hui Wang has been charged with criminal negligence causing bodily harm. He has been released from custody until his next court appearance.
He has had his passport revoked and isn't allowed to drive.
(Courtesy Vancouver Police)
(Courtesy Vancouver Police)
(Courtesy Vancouver Police)
(Courtesy Vancouver Police)
Hey guys, Animix had a rough time this past couple weeks. Not only were we affected hard by the Earthquake that struck Japan recently, we also had to delay our mix with Gintoki Sakata who was supposed to DJ this month.
So instead, we give you a mix from Ayasaki Hayate.
Before getting a debt of 150Million yen from his parents, Hayate used to work at various jobs even before he was in his working age. He even worked as a part-time DJ at a Shibuya club and even opened for DJs like Fatboy Slim, DJ Yoda and The Chemical Brothers.
We don't know how the hell can he be a DJ at a young age. But since he's also a butler right now. Let's just roll with it.
And thus, Hayate-san has presented to us a mix of Hip-Hop, Breaks, Big Beat, New Rave and Dubstep for this month's Animix. Enjoy!
Download MP3: http://tinyurl.com/3ev3cvu
Snowden Says, FBI Can't Arrest A Robot at CES 2016
Snowden's high tech gadget surprises audience who were attending Consumer Electronics Show (CES) featuring at Las Vegas.
While appearing on a telepresence gadget, former NSA Whistleblower Edward Snowden talked about importance of Cybersecurity and provoked the US Government saying "FBI can't arrest a robot".
It is turned out to be one of the biggest surprises of the Consumer Electronics Show which features cutting edge technology products every year. So this time, Suitable Technologies showcased their Robot "Beam" which features a screen on wheels makes you capable of moving around somewhere without actually being there and the most surprising moment was when Snowden appeared in that screen-on-wheels robot and started talking about this cool gadget and how it can subvert governments too.
During Showcasing of Beam, Snowden told Dr. Peter Diamandis who is the founder of Xprize Foundation "This is the power of Beam, or more broadly the power of technology."
On October 4th, 2016, Google announced a flurry of new devices, which they dubbed “a family of products that brings people the best of Google through hardware and software made by Google.” At Edgy Labs, we believe that it would be an easy mistake to assume that this event was about new products, and many tech websites have missed the gravity of this presentation.
The real story today was the future of Google. The shift from a Google for everyone to a PERSONAL Google for every USER.
Traditionally Google is not known for its vertical integration; that would be distinctively Apple. On stage, Google's CEO Sundar Pichai made the case that the time had arrived for a better experience driven by a closer integration between hardware and software.
The hardware is a means to an end. Deep Learning has made a significant impact on state of the art AI and Machine Learning. We recently covered Google's WaveNet, innovations which have leapfrogged computer's abilities to synthesize speech which resembles that of a human.
Similar progress in translation and natural language processing have made Google's ambitions possible: to create an artificial intelligence assistant for each person. Clearly, this is not the first foray into this dream for Google: they have already begun personalizing search a while ago, Google Now was dubbed an intelligent personal assistant back in 2012.
But it took these algorithmic advances in language understanding bringing Google's vision to maturity. And the world will never be the same again. Just like we saw the smartphone wars take place in the past nine years, this marks the beginning of the artificial personal assistant wars.
We already knew and loved Amazon's Alexa, but Google is currently in a league of its own, and we wonder who will challenge Google. The heavyweight contenders are IBM, Microsoft, Facebook, Amazon and Apple. Also, for reasons Elon Musk pointed out, Edgy Labs supports the cause of setting AI free, and so we want to give a shoutout to our friends at OpenAI.
Decoding Google's Design Language
Notice that the new logo is truly Google, but this time personalized for you. The ordering, position, and size are re-arranged to your personal preferences.
This new logo was central to all of the hardware and software products announced at its October 4th event. There is no reason for a Google phone to exist unless it makes the Google AI central to the experience. Anyone can make a phone with a better camera.
There is no reason for Google's home device – unless it is ten times better than Amazon's Alexa. And is it? Regarding AI – absolutely. Google has achieved consumer-grade contextual, conversational language understanding, a phenomenal achievement.
Okay, GOOGLE!
To illustrate this, Google demonstrated conversations in chat and voice which could remember the conversation and for the first time – truly interact in a human way. For all our admiration of Alexa, she only understands single sentence commands. Ok, Google changes everything we will come to expect from voice interfaces.
What else can we learn from Google's design language? FABRIC! Yes – textile. Google created it's VR headset from textile, and also the base of Google Home, their Alexa competitor. Why? Because fabric material is intimate, it's flexible and personal.
Fabric breathes and is the stuff we keep the closest to our bodies. Google is telling us that it's time for us to become even more intimate with technology as we will begin to interact with it on a whole new level.
A Google for Everyone
Today Google re-affirmed its commitment to remaining the leader in search and assert itself as the new leader in knowledge. The implications of the “Google for Everyone” strategy are far-reaching and will require future posts on Edgy Labs to explore with you fully.
We are not afraid to assert that Google just positioned itself to become the de-facto leader in Virtual Reality and that the effects of a “Google for Everyone” will mark the start of the race to dominance for Business Bots. We foresee a new breed of SEO, and exciting new frontiers for Growth Hackers.
Unless you are buying the new Google products right away, it may take some time before this vision becomes a reality in your life – but with the worldwide reach of Android, we believe that we have just witnessed a historic inflection point.
Google Now is one of the new features that came along with Jelly Bean. It is a feature that I love on my Nexus 7 and also the feature that I miss most when using my Galaxy S3. That said, it looks like the Google Now for Ice Cream Sandwich install process has been simplified a bit.
Granted, that is not to say it is as easy as installing an APK. In fact, getting Google Now running on an Ice Cream Sandwich device still requires you to have a rooted device running a deodexed Ice Cream Sandwich ROM. You also need to be able to sideload an APK, however if you have the first part down, we suspect you can handle sideloading an app.
Anyway, for those wondering, this process has been updated and also improved since we last mentioned in back in July. The app is called GNow Handlebars and it can be downloaded from XDA, and yes, the app does come along with a set of how-to directions. Assuming you already have a rooted device, the process does not involve all that much extra. In fact, the steps are opening the app, installing (or restoring) the app and then exiting.
Bottom line here, yes it is possible to run Google Now on an Ice Cream Sandwich device. Nonetheless, we suspect the requirements may keep more than a few people from actually doing this. As for me, I will keep my fingers crossed and hope Verizon rolls-out the Galaxy S3 Jelly Bean update soon.
[via PocketNow]
Increasing the Block Size Limit
Stephen Pair Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 19, 2015
At BitPay we wanted to be helpful in promoting a consensus reached by key developers in the community regarding the future of the block size limit. We didn't want to enter the debate directly, but instead listen to and consider the arguments thoughtfully and independently. Once a consensus was reached, and assuming we didn't have major issues with it, we would then express our support and work together to move forward with the plan. While the debate continues, it does appear we are as close to a consensus among key developers as we are likely to achieve.
In our opinion, BIP 101 should be pulled into Bitcoin Core.
Currently, the block size limit is hard-coded to 1mb, which constrains overall transaction throughput. BIP101 proposes to increase that limit to 8mb after January of 2016 when a supermajority (>75%) of the blocks being mined indicate they support the increase. The limit on block size will double every two years after that until it reaches 8gb in 2036. There is plenty of discussion about whether this is the right schedule and why an increase is needed that I won't rehash here, but we don't believe this proposal would risk the integrity of the Bitcoin system, and we believe the block size does need to be increased. A notable feature of this proposal is that it does not preclude soft forks in the future that adjust the limit downward or that simply delay the next doubling of the limit.
As we considered the implications of a block size increase, preservation of the decentralized nature of Bitcoin was the most important consideration. If decentralization is ever compromised, Bitcoin will eventually perish. If Bitcoin is not decentralized, you may as well simply allow those that control Bitcoin to operate a centralized (or pseudo decentralized / federated) database. It would be far more efficient than the current Bitcoin block chain. However, the more likely outcome is that a decentralized competitor would overtake Bitcoin.
We think it's important that a modestly-sized organization always finds it desirable and affordable to operate their own fully validating node. If only a handful of internet infrastructure companies could afford to operate fully validating nodes, then those companies would control Bitcoin. If a vast majority of people trusted those nodes, those companies would effectively have censorship authority over Bitcoin.
Regarding the governance of open source projects like Bitcoin Core, it has been asserted that the most successful open source projects have a strong leader that sets the direction and agenda for the project. I believe that's true, but I would add that the leaders of successful open source projects are also good at getting the consensus of key contributors on important topics.
While this issue has been divisive in some respects, I think it's valuable to acknowledge that the Bitcoin Core maintainers and contributors have already successfully navigated harder problems in the network's first 6 years of growth, and I'm confident that Bitcoin's development community will continue to be its greatest asset.
In summary, we believe BIP 101 will safeguard Bitcoin's decentralized nature while providing a reliable, immediate path toward greater network throughput, and we would like to express our support for merging BIP 101 into Bitcoin Core.
TTM
As the self-proclaimed ‘Queen of Procrastination,' I have found myself in quite a slump as of late. The smallest tasks, however menial, seemed daunting and impossible to achieve and I fell behind in all areas of my life.
It's been extremely difficult to get back on track, but over time I have been able to very slowly pull myself out of the rut and change the way that I was living on a daily basis. Here are some of the hints and tips I have learned that have helped me along the way.
1. Get up at a reasonable time. Have a shower. Get dressed. Eat breakfast. (Thanks to Ray for this – it's possibly the most important, the most obvious and the least overlooked).
2. Get some sleep. Where possible (and this is easier said than done for people who are parents and those who work long hours), try and get as much sleep as possible. The more tired you are, the less likely you are to remain motivated.
4. Break things down into small steps. Instead of looking at the big picture, work out the small things that you need to do now, today.
5. Tackle just one task at a time. Trying to juggle too many tasks in one go will become overwhelming. Start a task, finish the task, then move onto something else.
6. Do things when they need to be done. Don't allow yourself to sit down with the idea of ‘doing it later.' The quicker you start, the quicker you'll finish. If you're anything like me, you won't be able to truly relax until it's finished anyway!
7. Ask for help. If someone joins you in a task, whether it is cleaning, working out or organising something, it is more likely to be done in a shorter amount of time and you'll almost certainly have more fun doing it!
8. Create the ultimate playlist. Music is an integral part of my daily life, and I have a playlist of songs that genuinely pump me up and make me happy.
9. Get excited about it! Try and gain inspiration from other people – talk to them and ask for advice. Try and see the benefits that are to be gained from completing something rather than focusing on the negative.
10. Read about it. If I'm not sure how to begin something, I'll search for articles about the same subject. I'm always left feeling inspired afterwards.
11. Find places and activities that inspire you. This could be a building, a park, a museum or your local coffee shop. It could be a dance class, a book reading or a film. Whatever it is, visit and/or participate.
12. Reward yourself! If you know there is a positive reward at the end of it, you're more likely to push yourself.
13. Remember that it is ok to fail. Fear of failure is often reason for not doing something at all. If you fail – stop and start again.
14. Don't initially set the bar too high. If fear of failure is a barrier to achieving your goal, lower your sights and build it up.
What about you guys? Have you got any useful hints and tips for motivating yourself when you are in a slump?
You can also find me on Twitter and tumblr @suzie81blog and don't forget to check out my Pinterest page http://www.Pinterest.com/suzie81speaks and my Facebook page http://www.facebook.com/suzie81speaks
The pronation in a tennis serve is the key move that produces a lot of power if you time it right and do it right.
Yet, learning how to pronate is often times a very challenging task.
The following 7 drills and additional tips will help you develop a proper pronation and improve your overall tennis serve technique.
Why Is It So Hard To Pronate Properly?
There are two main reasons why the pronation is such a challenge: having old muscle memory from serving with the forehand grip and therefore performing the so-called “waiter's serve” and the desire to control and not being able to let go.
I've shared more reasons in the waiter's serve article, so here I just want to mention the desire for control.
Control and letting go are, of course, at the opposite ends of the spectrum; the more you want control, the less you will let go.
While it makes logical sense to try to hit the court when you work on your serve, this desire is the BIGGEST OBSTACLE to improving your serve.
Hitting the service box is actually very difficult as soon as the ball travels with some decent speed as the window above the net through which you need to “thread” the ball is fairly small.
Because you either consciously or subconsciously know that, you try to steer the ball into that small window and therefore you exert a lot of control.
The “control” approach to serving causes these effects:
The waiter's serve as early opening of the racquet face gives you that security that you will surely hit the ball on the strings and be able to steer it into the target.
that you will surely hit the ball on the strings and be able to steer it into the target. You approach the ball with the “pushing” way of creating force which slows down your racquet at contact (obviously as you want more control)
way of creating force which slows down your racquet at contact (obviously as you want more control) You think or feel that you need to hit the ball hard and consequently contract many muscles in your arm, which actually makes your arm move slower through the service motion.
On the other hand, the “letting go” approach causes these effects:
You will approach the ball on the edge for most of the service motion and properly pronate just before contact as you are not forcefully aligning the strings to the ball but allowing your arm to do it naturally.
your arm to do it naturally. You approach the ball with the “throwing” way of creating force where you accelerate gradually and comfortably.
where you accelerate gradually and comfortably. You think about creating speed of the racquet, which makes your arm relax through the service motion and effortlessly accelerate.
The most important point to take from this comparison is this: you absolutely need to practice your serve technique and NOT aim in the court.
That will ensure that you can let go and finally feel what it means to serve effortlessly.
First, you need to develop an effortless serve that goes ANYWHERE before you can develop an effortless serve that goes SOMEWHERE.
This is so critical for developing the proper serve technique with pronation that I will probably mention it too many times here, but it is that important.
Think speed, not hard. Let go, don't control.
The final question in your mind is probably this: how will I eventually control the ball if I keep letting go?
You will learn to control the ball in another way – not by consciously steering your racquet but through lots of repetition and storing in your memory the serve that happens to hit the court.
At first, when you let go, the balls will go all over the place, but occasionally you will hit the court.
Now you need to find that serve again, but you'll still need to keep letting go. Do no control it now.
And with repetition, there will be more and more lucky serves landing in until you reach the point when you won't be lucky, yet you'll still be letting go almost completely.
In my experience, the first serve is 95% of letting go and 5% of direction control, and the second serve is 80% of letting go and 20% of control.
That's the only way for me to describe how I personally feel the ratio on my serves between letting go and control.
7 Drills To Develop Correct Pronation
1. Throw balls and let go
If you throw the ball with your hand and want to throw it far, you will most likely accelerate very naturally and pronate your forearm.
Throwing some balls often will help you develop pronation very naturally.
If you currently serve with the »waiter's tray« technique, try throwing a ball like that so you can feel how stiff that feels and how that type of movement doesn't create much speed.
2. Lead with the edge, pronate, and follow-through behind your back
Perform this exercise without the ball and move your racquet slowly. By doing the follow-through behind your back, you will feel how you need to rotate your forearm and pronate it.
Important tip: Most players pronate too consciously and actually do it too early. Your arm will naturally pronate if you keep extending your arm.
Only once you feel the pronation start happening should you add some power to it.
3. Lead with the edge, pronate, and follow-through in front of your body
Make sure that the racquet path when you lead with the edge and pronate is not forward related to your body but at an angle, roughly around 45 degrees.
Important tip: Do not orient too early toward the court. In fact, did you know that at contact the body is not facing the court?
4. Serve with slice toward the ad court and pronate well after the contact
Because pronation on the serve happens so often way too early and creates early opening of the racquet face, we need to counter that by pronating too late.
Once you feel what it means to pronate too early and what it means to pronate too late, you'll find the right timing much faster.
Perform this exercise very slowly at first so that the ball you hit won't fly over the net.
Lead with the edge, hit the ball with slice slowly, and pronate after the contact.
After some serves like that, start pronating with less and less delay after the contact so that eventually you will hit the ball with slice but also with some power.
You will feel when you time it correctly as the ball will have slice and speed.
5. Serve without the body rotation and isolate the pronation
This drill is similar to the one above, but this time you try to hit the ball flat. Make sure you don't rotate your body and keep facing the net post.
Imagine the path of the racquet which first goes straight toward the ball leading with the edge and, just before reaching it, changes abruptly and goes toward the court.
This second part and change of direction you'll do only with your forearm that pronates and pushes the racquet toward the target.
6. Smack the ball in the ground
Start with the racquet above your shoulder, facing the ball with the edge. Drop the ball and hit it on the bounce and follow-through on the same side.
Start the motion nice and smooth, not forcefully, and only add some power just before contact.
If you do it correctly, your elbow will be pushed back up as the racquet face accelerates downward.
Do not push down with your elbow or try to hit the ball very forcefully as this is merely a technical exercise.
There are different drills to develop more power on the serve.
7. Hit the ball backwards
This is a similar drill to the previous one except that now you hit the ball backwards after a few bounces and again follow-through on the same side.
This again forces you to pronate and feel how to perform this move quite effortlessly.
The Role Of The Index Finger
The index finger is very important if you want to perform the pronation in a tennis serve correctly.
That's because you will push the racquet face outward with the base of the index finger and also with the index finger itself.
If the index finger is not positioned correctly on the racquet, you won't feel the leverage you can create. In other words, you won't have much power to pronate.
Try this: Imagine pointing with your index finger toward the target at the end of your pronation.
Do not point with your body toward the target but use your index finger.
Perform all drills in this article slowly at first so that you are completely aware of what goes on during the pronation.
This part of the tennis serve is hard to correct because it normally happens very fast, so it's crucial that you slow it down at first when working on your serve as that will help you feel and see whether you're on the right track or not.
Only when you perform the drills correctly at low speed can you start to gradually increase speed.
Again, do not worry about hitting the court. Focus on correct pronation technique and let the ball fly.
In time, you will find a way to perform a tennis serve correctly and hit the court with high probability.
What interests reddit?
A network analysis of 84M comments by 200K users
Everyone has interests: topics close to their hearts that they are eager to understand and discuss. However, as billions of awkward first dates around the world can attest, different people have different - and indeed sometimes non-overlapping - interests. What can be riveting to one person might bore another to tears. This post is devoted to learning a bit more about people's interests and the connections between them.
I think many of us share the intuition that there are obvious, natural connections between certain interests. Depending on how finely we divvy up the space of possible interests, some of these connections are almost trivial: someone interested in collecting pennies from 1932 could probably be bothered about 1933 pennies too. However, there remains the enticing prospect that we may discover less obvious associations between interests that may reveal surprising aspects of society or human nature.
To gain some traction on this issue, I turned to reddit. For those of you unfamiliar with reddit, it is a wildly popular aggregation and discussion site. At the time of writing, it has over 3 million registered accounts and receives over 170 million unique visits per month. Its popular interview format known as AMA ("Ask Me Anything") has been graced by practically every kind of public figure from President Obama on down.
Reddit's format has three major conceptual elements: links, comments, and subreddits. Users (redditors) submit 'links' that might consist of anything from the url of a news story to a scientific paper to a play-by-play of a strategy game to an epic tale of IT heroism. Other users then do two things: vote up or down on the link, which together with its age determines its visibility, and potentially comment on it. The comments themselves range from the inane to the inspired, but since reddit also allows voting on comments, the worst comments (or at least the least popular) are usually hidden. Comments can also be commented upon, allowing reddit's characteristic discussion trees, which differ substantially from the purely sequential formats employed by many online forums. Finally, links and their attendant comments are organized by topic into subreddits depending on where the original poster initially submitted them. There are tens of thousands of subreddits devoted to a wide array of topics, although only a few are shown by default.
Methodology
Back in fall of 2013, I scraped approximately 84 million comments from a set of just over 200,000 redditors using PRAW. At the time, I was interested in whether different subreddits had different norms for writing style, and whether I could model users as they learned this style (the answers turned out to be yes and no, respectively). To retrieve this data with minimal bias (with respect to topic) I used PRAW's random subreddit function to obtain subreddits in a pseudorandom way. My script then stepped through the most recent 1000 links, collecting the usernames of all the commenters. With a list of redditors in hand, I then scraped their entire comment history (up to the maximum of 1000 items).
All of this text, combined with metadata about the comments (e.g. # of upvotes) adds up to a hefty 23GB in csv format. I preprocessed the text by removing a large number of content free "stopwords" (e.g. grammatical words), as well as symbols and numeric characters. I then counted the frequencies of all remaining words within a very small subsample of my dataset (0.1%). I removed words which appeared fewer than 50 times or more than 1000 times in this ~84K set of comments. I then also (very simplistically) filtered out proper names, common words other than nouns and verbs, and past tense or plural versions of words already remaining in the list. Ultimately I ended up with a set of 1,862 "feature" words, the frequencies of which I then counted in the full set of 84M comments (aggregated by user).
Given the various preprocessing I had done up to this point, this process yielded counts for each of the feature words within each of 198,542 redditors. It is worth acknowledging that these users are representative of neither the general (US) population nor even the userbase of reddit, given that reddit is not representative of the US and that the selection process was inevitably biased towards users who comment more often. However, given the sheer size of the sample, even if the results do not generalize perfectly to wider populations we can be confident that they represent the views of a large number of people.
As a final preprocessing step, I calculated the cosine similarity matrix between the feature word frequencies (across redditors). Words with very low variance in their similarity to others (i.e. words that were used very generally) were removed. Simultaneously I removed words with very high or very low median similarities (undifferentiated/polysemous words and outliers). I then calculated an adjacency matrix between the remaining set of 1444 feature words. To maximize the interpretability of the subsequent social network visualizations, each node (feature word) was given at least two edges (connections) to other nodes in the network based on the two largest elements of its row in the adjacency matrix.
The network was visualized using the igraph package for R. The width and color of the edges (lines) varies with the log (base 10) of co-occurrence of the respective words (i.e. word with [stronger] lines between them are mentioned more frequently by the same redditors), and the size of the nodes varies with the log (base 10) of the absolute frequency of the word (so for instance a word that occurred 1000x more frequently than another would have with 3x the radius). The node coloring was determined by a 5-step walktrap community finding algorithm (effectively similar to a clustering algorithm, but for social networks). Note that the colors were chosen arbitrarily, so similarity in the color of different communities should not be interpreted. The positioning of the nodes was set using the Fruchterman-Reingold algorithm, a type of force-directed plotting. Note that while similar terms are often placed close together by this algorithm, that is not universally the case, so try to avoid over-interpreting the distances between points. The edges of the graph (i.e. lines between circles) are the more accurate guide to the relationships between terms.
Results
The full network graph can be viewed at the top of this page - feel free to explore it on your own. From my own intuition, it seems as though the approach employed here proved quite successful. It clearly identifies a number of communities of interests which I hope that many people would view as natural. I'll highlight a few examples below.
Branches of Government
Many redditors seem to have an interested in talking about the government (dark blue). However, their interests in the topic appear to stem from a diverse set of sources. The two largest groups of features are defined by their secondary alignments with discussion of "state" and "women". The former appears to be largely focused on economics and security issues, with "business", "market", "force", and "police" numbering among the most common topics of discussion. Meanwhile the latter seems more devoted to social issues, with "health", "community", and "education" featuring prominently. Though I suspect these clusters may be correlated with the partisan liberal-conservative line, I'm not sure that that's their best characterization. Instead it seems to me more of a confirmation of "natural" division between social and economic interests.
A number of additional groups of feature words have strong connections to government. One in the "empiricist" community (light teal) seems interested in political philosophy. Another, linked to the technology community (blue-green) seems technocratically focused. Finally, another group of features (linked with "car") seems focused on issues of "low" (i.e. personal) finance rather than economics more broadly. I find the existence of this last group particularly interesting because its existence suggests a degree of disconnection between interest in "economic issues" and practical household economy.
Women. Women? Women!
Apparently women are a very common topic of discussion on reddit - perhaps not surprising for a forum (like many on the web) populated disproportionately by young men. However, while everyone seems to be talking about women, what's strikingly obvious is that not everyone is having the same conversation. On the right of the image above, we see two related clusters within the grey-green feature community - one centered on "men" and the other on "sex". Based on the words in these groups, they appear to reflect people discussing "relationships," broadly construed. Lower down, a large cluster in the darker green of the "story" feature community may be concerned with narrative by or about women. In the same grey-pink as the "women" node, we can also see two large clusters of features in the lower left. However, the nature of these clusters is less immediately obvious, at least to me.
Food and Drink
There are also redditors with strong interests in food and dieting, with the latter group particularly disconnected from discussion of other topics. In light green we have seen an extended feature community centered around the nodes "food" and "water". Perhaps not surprisingly the "body" node - in grey-pink - is associated with many features in this community. Particularly interesting is the purple community on the far right, which is strongly connected to food and body but seems to be more oriented around dieting or healthy eating. Perhaps this node reflects members of weight-loss support communities on reddit? Also prominently visible in the image above is the orange community that appears to be largely devoted to talking about reddit itself.
Fun and Games
This image focuses on a large turquoise feature community devoted to a combination of sports and videogaming. The fact that these communities stick together likely reflects the similar language used in both contexts and potentially overlapping interests within individual redditors. In general the two clusters on the left appear somewhat more videogame-oriented while those on the right seem somewhat more aligned with traditional sports. Unsurprisingly we also see considerable links to the technology feature community in blue-green at the top of the image. Interspersed throughout is a feature community that focuses primarily on music (yellow).
Bonus Feature: Normalized Network!
In addition to the primary network graph discussed above, I produced a graph that is essentially 'normalized'. While the main graph is predicated upon occurrence and co-occurrence of words within redditors, this graph is based simply on the cosine similarity (very similar to correlation) between the counts of the different feature words across redditors. As a result, the influence of absolute word frequency - which drives much of the earlier graph - is substantially diminished. Instead of granting (at least) two edges to every node, this graph merely selects the top 0.1% of all connections (since all connections are now on the same scale). Nodes without any connections were removed from the graph. The shape of the network is obviously quite different, but close examination reveals many parallels with the previous graph. While some of the connections introduced here are rather trivial, in general I think this graph does slightly more to reveal what one might call the "fine structure" of people's interests. Note that edge color now varies linearly with cosine similarity, and that node size now varies with the log (base 10) of the node's degree centrality (i.e. number of connections to other nodes).
[hi-res original 9040x9072]
Data sharing
After receiving a number of requests, I've decided to make the raw data behind this post publicly availiable. Since the data is accessible via the reddit API anyway, this is really just a convenient way to access it without burdening reddit's servers. There's not really a question of privacy here, since comments are posted publicly with the express intention of allowing others to view them. Although reddit usernames are as anonymous as users choose to make them, I've replaced them with arbitrary numeric IDs to make it more difficult to use the data to target individuals. Below are links to 10 zipped csv files. Each row is a different comment. There are eight columns: user ID, link title, subreddit, data collection timestamp (seconds since epoch), post timestamp, upvotes, downvotes, and comment text. Note that the user IDs start from 1 in each of the 10 files, so ID 1 from one file is not the same user as ID 1 from another file.
Here are the files: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.
Almost daily in popular media the Muslim World is pinpointed as a homogeneous entity that stands separate and parallel to the similarly imagined West. But even scratching the surface of the idea of a Muslim World reveals the geographic, social, linguistic, and religious diversity of Muslims throughout the world. So what work is performed through the employment and use of this phrase? And in what context did the idea of the Muslim World emerge?
Cemil Aydin, Associate Professor of History at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, tackles these questions in his wonderful new book The Idea of the Muslim World: A Global Intellectual History (Harvard University Press, 2017). It in he weaves distant and interconnecting social, intellectual, and political histories of modern Muslims societies with clarity and detail. Altogether, he reveals the complex story of how the concept is constructed as a device intended to point to a geopolitical, religious, and civilizational unity among Muslims. The term is defined and employed by Muslim and non-Muslim actors alike across imperial and national contexts over the past nearly 150 years. In our conversation we discussed the justifications for imperial conflicts, the effects of Christian nationalistic liberation and the colonization of Muslims, orientalism, social Darwinism, the racialization of Muslims, the global role of the Ottomans, European and Russian imperialism, Muslim modernists thinkers, the effects of the World Wars, and the changing political landscape of the late 20th century.
Kristian Petersen is an Assistant Professor in the Department of Religious Studies at the University of Nebraska Omaha. His research and teaching interests include Theory and Methodology in the Study of Religion, Islamic Studies, Chinese Religions, Human Rights, and Media Studies. You can find out more about his work on his website, follow him on Twitter @BabaKristian, or email him at [email protected].
Federal regulators are investigating Tesla's autopilot feature after a fatal crash involving a tractor trailer and one of its Model S cars.
The U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration opened the investigation after a man was killed while driving a Model S with the self-driving mode engaged.
"This is the first known fatality in just over 130 million miles where Autopilot was activated," Tesla said in a statement Thursday. It called the incident a "tragic loss."
The car was on a divided highway when a tractor trailer apparently turned in front of it. "Neither Autopilot nor the driver noticed the white side of the tractor trailer against a brightly lit sky, so the brake was not applied," Tesla said.
The Model S drove under the larger vehicle, and the underside of the tractor trailer slammed into the Tesla's windshield.
It may have been been the first fatal accident involving a self-driving car. It happened in May, and Tesla said the NHTSA notified it of the investigation Wednesday.
It's a setback for the automaker and one that could make federal and state regulators wary as they consider new policies to allow more self-driving cars on the road.
Tesla's Autopilot uses a combination of cameras, radar and ultrasonic sensors to automatically steer a vehicle along the highway, change lanes and adjust its speed in response to traffic.
The safety of the autopilot system depends on its ability to accurately interpret its surroundings, and its failure to see a white truck against the bright sky shows it's not perfect.
"It is important to note that Tesla disables Autopilot by default and requires explicit acknowledgement that the system is new technology and still in a public beta phase before it can be enabled," the company said.
Had the car hit the front or rear of the trailer, even at high speed, its "advanced crash safety system" probably would have prevented serious injury, Tesla said, but that wasn't the case.
Advocates for self-driving cars say they have the potential to significantly reduce accidents. Besides Tesla, Google and several of the biggest automakers are all working on technologies to automate all or parts of the driving experience.
In January, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it was using "all of its available tools to accelerate the deployment of technologies that can eliminate 94 percent of fatal crashes involving human error."
The NHTSA is the agency now investigating Tesla, which called it "a preliminary evaluation to determine whether the system worked according to expectations."
The crash reportedly happened in central Florida. According to The Verge, the driver had previously posted a video of himself avoiding a collision with the autopilot feature engaged.
Tesla says drivers are supposed to keep their hands on the wheel and remain alert when autopilot is turned on. Another video posted late last year shows not all drivers follow those instructions.
"Autopilot is getting better all the time, but it is not perfect and still requires the driver to remain alert," Tesla said.
"Nonetheless, when used in conjunction with driver oversight, the data is unequivocal that Autopilot reduces driver workload and results in a statistically significant improvement in safety when compared to purely manual driving."
Just when you think Hillary's e-mail scandal can't get more ridiculous (see Surprise! New Hillary Emails Reveal Blatant Criminal Activity and Gauntlet Thrown: Trey Gowdy Says Even God Can't Read Hillary's Emails…)… along comes an update to prove otherwise. You silly goose.
Did you hear how Hillary's IT Guy was getting FBI immunity? His name is Paul Combetta in real life… and apparently goes by “stonetear” on Reddit.
Whoa. HRod's now immunity-protected BleachBitter Paul Combetta on REDDIT two years ago. https://t.co/M7khmkEek0 pic.twitter.com/KqHJhiRerY — Phil Kerpen (@kerpen) September 19, 2016
A Reddit post has been found from Paul Combetta (the IT guy who got FBI immunity and deleted Hillary's emails) proving they were covering up for Hillary. [He asked] about how to do it on Reddit. He also asks how to replace real emails with fake ones. His post happens right about the same time congress was requesting Clinton's emails. He specifically said it was for a big name client who everybody would recognize.
Paul Combetta (ALLEGEDLY) sought help from Reddit to cover up what would become a huge political scandal. Just let that sink in for a minute.
Firstly, the lesson here? Don't look for advice on how to help an elected official commit a crime online. Specifically not on Reddit. Reddit digs everything up. Thus how Combetta found himself in a pickle. Also, maybe just don't break the law in the first place. I know, I know, tough for some people.
Let this be Exhibit Q as to why so many people vote third party or not at all. They're disenchanted by the whole process. If someone can screw up this badly and get away with it, who's to say they can't rig an election? Improbable, maybe. But whether you agree with them or not, it's still understandable. Especially when considering how Hillary wags her haggard finger and *poof*, she magically gets her way.
Take this with a grain of salt, since officials have yet to confirm it. Still, let's face it, Hillary Clinton not only acts like she's unapologetically above the law, but it seems as though she flaunts it in the face of voters. “What are you going to do, vote for Trump?”
Maybe, maybe not. But they're definitely not voting for Hillary Clinton. I'm sure you can imagine why…
NOT SUBSCRIBED TO THE PODCAST? FIX THAT! IT'S COMPLETELY FREE ON BOTH ITUNES HERE AND SOUNDCLOUD HERE.
Ankur Pathan is busy giving tips to Garba artists for the Vibrant Navratri festival.
Right-wing groups in Gujarat have called for restricting entry of non-Hindus to Garba venues but at the state government's forthcoming annual Navratri festival, it is some Muslims who are working round the corner to make the event a success.In Ahmedabad, 42-year-old Ankur Pathan is busy giving tips to Garba artists as the Vibrant Navratri festival is barely a week away. He is part of the troupe that handles choreography at the annual event. A Garba dancer himself, Mr Pathan shifted to teaching a few years ago, but the diktat by some fringe right-wing groups doesn't seem to bother him."I am a Gujarati... was born here... for me doing Garba, teaching artists, is like worship. I take part in the festival for nine nights and adopt all the rituals which are adhered to during the festival and I will continue to do that," Mr Pathan says.At the Gujarat Mineral Development Corporation Limited Ground where the annual Vibrant Navratri festival will be held, Mr Pathan is not the only one from the minority community taking part whole-heartedly in preparations. A painter, Ghulam Nabi has been working overtime to add a dash of colour to the venue."I love being part of this celebration. I do colour work here, also make material out of thermacol, dhols and other items which are related to the event," he said.Right-wing groups like the Vishwa Hindu Parishad or VHP, like every year, this year as well have ordered non-Hindus to stay away from Garba venues, but even Garba organisers aren't willing to toe the line."This is an event which had made the state popular... it is a brand in itself and people from every religion and caste attend it. Such diktats only sully our image," said Garba organiser Manish Sharma. While the fringe groups have threatened to enforce their diktat, Gujaratis seem to be giving a thumbs down to their call - they say it is not a religious event but a cultural event which only adds to the pride of the state.
There was a time when Final Fantasy VII was especially hot. This was coming off the heels of the incredibly successful Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children film that smashed box-office records in Japan and the PlayStation Portable prequel Crisis Core: Final Fantasy VII that focused on Cloud's ally Zack and events leading up to his death.
Another game was announced at that time, going even further back, which would focus on Shinra's Turks unit and showcase what happened to the first AVALANCHE team. This was Before Crisis: FFVII, but after an announcement, it never made it's way outside of Japan.
Siliconera spoke to Keiji Fujita, who was in charge of SE's mobile operations in the US at the time. He explained that, “After saying the game will be launched in the United States, there wasn't any progress made. That's a true story.
“The feature phones at that time were too low spec to bring Before Crisis to the US market. Because Before Crisis is an online game, it was only available for high-end phones in Japan. There was no way to port the game to phones here.”
And since the original producer left and joined Capcom, there wasn't much enthusiasm for porting the game over to the latest devices or handhelds since.
Interestingly, he also talked about the Kingdom Hearts mobile game developed by Supersape and how “it was developed by Disney, not Square Enix. That's why Tetsuya Nomura was very unhappy about the quality of the graphics because Disney just did it without his supervision.”
Perhaps that tussle is the reason that Disney and Square Enix haven't been able to put out Kingdom Hearts 3? Time will tell.
With the 2016 NFL playoff picture set, a few of the lowest seeds have a good chance to make a run towards Super Bowl 50. Only one home team is favored to advance to the second round ahead of Wild-Card Weekend.
The Seattle Seahawks are the No.6 seed in the NFC, and they are tied for the worst record of any playoff team in the conference with 10 wins. But Russell Wilson and Co. are considered one of the favorites to win the championship after reaching the Super Bowl in two consecutive years. Seattle is a 6.5-point favorite for when they visit the Minnesota Vikings.
Minnesota capped off an 11-win season by defeating the Green Bay Packers in the final game of the regular season. The betting public, though, is heavily backing Seattle, who opened as a 3.5-point road favorite. The two teams met in Minnesota in Week 13, and the Seahawks won in dominant fashion, 38-7.
The Kansas City Chiefs visit the Houston Texans in the first game of the playoffs, and the AFC's No.5 seed is a three-point road favorite. Kansas City is on an NFL-best 10-game winning streak, and their only victory prior to Week 7 came against the Texans. The Chiefs won in Houston, 27-20, in Week 1.
The contest between the Green Bay Packers and Washington Redskins is the only wild-card playoff game that isn't a rematch from the regular season. It's also the only game in which the home team is favored, though that might change later in the week. Green Bay is getting one point in their visit to Washington, having lost six of their last 10 games. The Redskins have won four games in a row.
The week begins with no betting line for the game between the Pittsburgh Steelers and Cincinnati Bengals because it is unknown if Andy Dalton will play. The quarterback hasn't suited up since Dec. 13 because of a thumb injury, and the odds seem to favor AJ McCarron getting another start. Dalton is hoping to get his cast removed on Monday.
If Dalton is ruled out, the visiting Steelers will almost certainly be favored. Pittsburgh won in Cincinnati when Dalton injured his thumb, and the Bengals are 2-1 with McCarron as the starter. Dalton has lost on Wild-Card Weekend in each of his first four NFL seasons.
Below are the complete betting lines for all the first-round playoff games, including the point spreads and totals. These are the consensus odds from multiple sportsbooks in Las Vegas, via vegasinsider.com.
Kansas City Chiefs (-3) at Houston Texans, 40.5
Seattle Seahawks (-6.5) at Minnesota Vikings, 42.5
Green Bay Packers (+1) at Washington Redskins, 46
Pittsburgh Steelers (N/A) at Cincinnati Bengals
Says David Vitter "answered a prostitute's call minutes after he skipped a vote honoring 28 soldiers who gave their lives in defense of our freedom."
U.S. Sen. David Vitter entered the Louisiana governor's race this year as the clear front-runner. But a prostitution scandal from years ago has left Vitter, a veteran Republican with widespread name recognition in the deep red state, in a difficult race against a lesser-known Democrat, state Rep. John Bel Edwards.
In Louisiana's open primary on Oct. 24, Edwards finished first among four candidates; Vitter was a distant second. Two weeks later, Edwards' campaign released an ad called "The Choice." It highlights Vitter's connection to "D.C. Madam" Deborah Palfrey, which was revealed in 2007 when an investigator working for Hustler obtained phone records from Palfrey and identified Vitter's number .
Vitter's connection to Palfrey isn't new. For years he avoided the issue after obliquely addressing it in 2007. It apparently had little effect on his 2010 bid for a second term in the Senate, which he won easily . But his connection to the D.C. Madam has percolated in this year's governor's race as new allegations emerged .
Edwards' ad, released the day before early voting began for the general election, put the issue on TV screens throughout the state. After it was released, "Meet the Press" host Chuck Todd said it "might be the most vicious negative ad ever."
The ad features a female narrator who says:
The choice for governor couldn't be more clear. John Bel Edwards, who answered our country's call and served as a ranger in the 82nd Airborne Division, or David Vitter, who answered a prostitute's call minutes after he skipped a vote honoring 28 soldiers who gave their lives in defense of our freedom. David Vitter chose prostitutes over patriots. Now the choice is yours.
The ad makes two claims about Vitter: He skipped a vote for a resolution honoring American soldiers killed in the line of duty, and he answered a call from Palfrey's phone soon after. It then concludes that Vitter "chose prostitutes over patriots," suggesting the two are related.
The basics are not hard to substantiate.
Then-U.S. Rep. David Vitter did, in fact, miss the vote in question . On Feb. 27, 2001, the House overwhelmingly passed a resolution to honor 28 soldiers killed in 1991 during Operation Desert Storm, with 395 votes in favor. Two congressmen answered "present" but did not vote. Vitter was one of 35 marked absent.
We asked Vitter's campaign where he was that day, but the campaign declined to answer.
There were no other roll-call votes that day, according to House records, nor were there any the day before, the first day after a congressional recess.
That vote was recorded at 5:27 p.m. ET. Thirty-nine minutes later, at 6:06 p.m. in Washington, a call was placed from Palfrey's cell phone to Vitter's, according to her cell phone records . It lasted about a minute.
However, the presence of a call on a phone bill doesn't mean that Vitter picked up, rather than his voicemail. (If you find this fascinating, we recommend the podcast "Serial," which explores such issues in detail .)
Vitter has never directly admitted or denied patronizing Palfrey's service, though he's come close. In 2007, after media outlets reported Hustler's findings, he apologized in a statement for a " very serious sin " but didn't elaborate. He's been similarly evasive during this year's governor's race.
In an ad his campaign released after "The Choice," Vitter says, "Fifteen years ago, I failed my family," but it elaborates no further . Asked this week during a debate if he took the call, Vitter refused to answer .
Likewise, Vitter's campaign did not respond to our questions about the ad. Edwards' campaign did not respond to a request for additional evidence beyond what's cited in the ad. (Palfrey died in 2008.)
With Vitter unwilling to talk, we wondered if he was even in Washington that day, considering that Feb. 27, 2001, was Mardi Gras.
That's a big deal in Louisiana, and Vitter has expressed great personal fondness for the holiday. Considering that Carnival coincided with Congress' winter break, it was possible that Vitter was back in Louisiana.
But he was in Washington that night. As Louisiana State University Professor Robert Mann noted in a recent Salon column , President George W. Bush addressed a joint session of Congress at 9 p.m. Vitter is visible in the audience about 24 minutes in and a half-hour later .
Moreover, a House report, detailing members' use of congressional funds for office and travel expenses, shows that Vitter claimed an airfare expense that day . Flight records from the Bureau of Transportation Statistics show five direct flights from New Orleans to Washington-area airports that day prior to Bush's speech. Arrival times ranged from 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.
There, our reporting on this track reached a dead end.
Our ruling
Edwards' ad says Vitter took a call from a prostitute minutes after skipping the vote. The only thing we don't know is if Vitter answered his phone. Even if he didn't, he has still been connected to the D.C. Madam.
"The Choice" doesn't quite close the deal in suggesting that Vitter missed the vote because of his dealings with a prostitute, which is what it suggests when it says he "chose prostitutes over patriots."
But the key parts of the statement in question — that Vitter "answered a prostitute's call minutes after he skipped a vote" — are accurate. We rate this statement Mostly True.
Next time you're tempted to take a snapshot of an interesting cloud formation or your seatmate sprawling into your personal space on a plane, remember Arash Shirazi and Steven Leslie.
Both of them are law-abiding citizens and air travelers. And both recently ran afoul of the airline industry's confusing photography rules.
With only days before the busy summer travel season unleashes millions of shutterbugs on America's airports, it's helpful to know about the airline industry's little problem with cameras so that your own camera doesn't become hung up on it.
Related: Read more stories about travel and customer service on my consumer advocacy site.
Shirazi, a music agent, was recently waiting in the Reagan National terminal for a flight from Washington to Los Angeles when he decided to take a picture of an American Airlines aircraft with his smartphone. He wanted to share it with his friends on social media.
A gate agent saw him snapping photos, stopped Shirazi and “demanded to know why I was taking a picture of airport equipment,” he remembers. “I showed her the picture and offered to delete it, but she became even more combative, accusing me of being a security threat. She made it a point to tell me that she was going to document this security breach in my travel record.”
Shirazi said he apologized, adding that even as a frequent flier he was unaware of any prohibitions against taking photos of planes. “But she was curt and told me to either get on the plane or take the next one,” he recalls.
He's right. American Airlines doesn't publish any prohibitions against taking photos of its aircraft. But late last year it updated its internal policies to allow employees at the airport, including ticket counters, gates, cargo, baggage, and onboard, to stop passengers from taking pictures.
“The policy is in place to protect employees and customers,” says Andrea Huguely, an American Airlines spokeswoman.
Steven Leslie faced a similar reaction from an airline employee when he started filming a passenger boarding a JetBlue flight. Leslie, a soft-spoken pharmacist flying from Albuquerque to New York, noticed a family with a sick child. The crew looked worried about the boy's health. His family said he had cancer and had been medically cleared to fly.
The incident occurred only a few days after another cancer patient was expelled from an Alaska Airlines flight under similar circumstances, and Leslie decided to tape the conversation on his phone.
“It was my original intent to record this uncomfortable situation because I felt it was wrong,” he says.
Apparently, JetBlue felt something was wrong, too. After the family was removed from the aircraft, an airline employee ordered that Leslie delete the video. He politely refused, and then he, too, was escorted from the aircraft.
The reason? A crew member told him he didn't “feel safe” being recorded.
JetBlue rebooked Leslie on the next flight, which departed nine hours later. After I covered the incident on my consumer advocacy blog and a New Mexico TV station aired a report about Leslie's expulsion, the airline reviewed the incident and admitted to Leslie that the crew member's request to delete the recording fell into a “gray area.” It apologized, offered him a flight credit and covered some of his expenses associated with spending an extra night in Albuquerque.
It turns out JetBlue doesn't have a published photography policy, either. “Our crew members use their professional judgment in evaluating the appropriate use of photography or videography onboard, especially when it involves the privacy of other customers and the safe and secure operations of the airline,” says Morgan Johnston, an airline spokesman.
If these incidents prove anything, it's that airlines can be a little camera-shy. That's not new. When pressed, most airlines say that their policies allow cameras to be used onboard to record a “personal” event, but that snapshots of the crew, other passengers or any security procedure are off-limits.
But what's unusual is the number of photography cases that have crossed my desk recently, thanks to the loosening of restrictions on in-flight electronics. They're amplified by a larger debate about police misconduct and body cameras happening beyond travel. If I had to make an educated guess, I'd predict more confrontations between crew members and passengers with cameras in the future.
Can airlines stop you from taking photos? Yes, if you're on a plane, says Daniel Greenberg, an attorney who specializes in photography rights issues.
“You can't prohibit photography in public,” he says. “But the prohibition of photography on private property is legitimate. That decision is up to the property owner. If you don't want to follow the carrier's rules, don't get on the carrier's plane.”
For summer air travelers, it's perhaps best to view photography on planes as you would take pictures in France, a country known for its restrictive public photography laws. At least that's how Nancy Nally, a frequent flier and photographer, thinks of it.
“I'm very careful about the circumstances I photograph in onboard,” she explains. “I am very clear about not pointing the camera at anyone but myself or inanimate objects. I don't photograph with flight attendants nearby. I have gotten very good at not drawing attention to myself because I know that my travel schedule is subject to the whims of the flight attendants.”
Jeffrey Loop, an attorney and photographer, agrees that keeping a low profile is the best way to avoid a photography-related entanglement. “If you are taking photos on the aircraft and are asked to stop, don't argue or take offense,” he adds. “Just stop and save yourself a heap of potential trouble. Arguing with cabin crew about your perceived rights will almost always be a losing proposition.”
Why are airlines so photo-sensitive? Part of the reason is surely publicity; they don't want to end up in a viral video. Another part is security, which Shirazi's incident only hints at.
Either way, it means that on your next flight, you'll need to watch where you point that lens.
After you've left a comment here, let's continue the discussion on my consumer advocacy site or on Twitter, Facebook and Google. I also have a newsletter and you'll definitely want to order my new, amazingly helpful and subversive book called How to Be the World's Smartest Traveler (and Save Time, Money, and Hassle). Photo: Shutterstock.
Shane van Gisbergen has been penalised 25 points following his controversial clash with David Reynolds in the opening Phillip Island sprint.
Reynolds was enraged after the Holden driver spun The Bottle-O Ford on the entry to the 220km/h Hayshed corner while battling for fourth on just the second lap.
Van Gisbergen had knocked Reynolds wide at Siberia before gaining a small overlap and subsequently pushing the championship contender off as he was squeezed for room.
The Tekno Autosports star confirmed the 25 point penalty via his social media account this evening.
“Tough day today,” he wrote. “Fought hard, stood my ground. Even if I got 25 points for it. Long race tomorrow look forward to giving it a go!!”
Reynolds had confronted Van Gisbergen post-race, saying “you're dead to me bro” to the Kiwi as he left the Tekno transporter.
Van Gisbergen added tags #yourdeadtomebro and #thatsracism to his Facebook post, before deleting the latter reference and adding “Sorry bad joke.. Just the way it was said in our trailer”.
Bills CB Stephon Gilmore talks technique, Buffalo receivers on rise
By PFF Analysis Team • Aug 4, 2016
One of the highlights of PFF's visit to Buffalo Bills training camp in Pittsford, N.Y. camp, was getting to see one of the league's best cornerback duos up close and personal, with Stephon Gilmore and Ronald Darby both on the field practicing.
Watching the DBs go through one-on-one drills with receivers, you can immediately see the influence of the Ryan brothers in the technique and aggressive nature of their coverage. This is a defense that is going to lean on press-man, physical coverage, and these drills featured way more contact than we have seen from any other camp so far on tour when it comes to route-running and coverage battles.
“That's what we like to do,” Gilmore said. “That's the way I know I like to do it—be on an island, put my hands on guys, and make plays.”
That aggressive style of press-man coverage was a big reason behind the immediate success of Darby as a rookie last year, and the second-year player is the perfect foil for Gilmore in this secondary.
“[Ronald Darby] had a great year. He's a fast guy, eager to learn, and obviously you can't teach speed,” Gilmore said.
Darby's play was made all the more impressive because in this aggressive defense, cornerbacks are thrown out there and made to sink or swim in man coverage. Last season, Darby was targeted 105 times, fifth-most in the NFL, and was one of only eight cornerbacks to see the ball come his way more than 100 times.
“In our defense, you'll get targeted” he said. “Because we show that we're on an island, and when QBs see that we're on an island, they're going to come at us. It's not like other defenses where you've got a safety over the top and you're not going to get as many targets.”
Gilmore himself saw 92 targets last season, 17th in the league among cornerbacks, so any success in this defense at corner is going to be earned and tested.
Because of that, both Bills CBs need to be constantly improving. Each was among the last players to leave the practice field on Monday, getting in extra work after the session was over while many teammates were filtering back inside.
Rather than getting caught up in who tracks receivers and whether players will man up with the biggest threat every play, Gilmore just focuses on technique, and who's playing with the best fundamentals play after play.
“Obviously [tracking receivers] is a harder task to do, but I mean, when you talk about the best corners, I don't really look at that. I look at technique, who's on an island. Everybody's different; some people's jobs are harder. I look at guys that do it the right way, that have good technique, and don't rely on the system.
I think [Cardinals CB] Patrick Peterson played at a high level last year. Technique-wise he looked good, [Broncos CB]. Chris Harris looked good, and [Aqib] Talib. Those are the guys that you can really look at technique on, besides myself and Darby—we try to play with good technique.”
Gilmore doesn't study other corners directly on tape, but rather picks up on technique when he watches the guys he is going to go up against, the receivers.
“I see them when I'm studying. I see what they're doing good and try to put a little of it in my game. I don't really study a certain guy, but I see what's good on the film.”
As for the receivers in Buffalo, the team has an emerging star in Sammy Watkins, but the door is open for others to step up and make a name for themselves—and make an impact on this team in 2016. Dezmin Lewis played just nine snaps last season, but has the kind of athletic talent to make an impact and earn a role this season. Gilmore was high on the improvement he has shown so far.
“[Lewis] has looked good. I went against him every day. He was on the practice squad last year, and he looks 10 times better. He looks like he took the offseason to work on his game. His release is better, he's a big target, and he's getting better and better every day.”
The other player that stood out during Monday's practice was Walter Powell, who is already on his fourth team in the NFL since being drafted in the sixth round of the draft back in 2014. It's his second stint with the Bills, but in Monday's practice, at least, he was the stand-out performer, making several impressive catches in one-on-one drills and team sessions.
Gilmore knows all about Powell's speed, at least.
“He's a speedy guy, he's going to try and get down the field. You've got to know who you're going against and play off of that, because depending on the guy, that's the kind of routes they're going to run. He's a good receiver, like I said; you've got to respect his speed. “
Whether either of these young receivers can bring their play together consistently over this training camp and earn a role within this offense remains to be seen, but at least in Stephon Gilmore they are going to see one of the game's better cornerbacks every time they come out to practice.
Quentin Tarantino's films are full of memorable moments in which he utilizes every element on screen to tell the story. When you think of his films your mind immediately goes to the powerhouse soundtrack, over the top violence, charming dialogue and the immersive characters. Maybe his most iconic scene, Jules and the drug dealer's from Pulp Fiction, employ all of these tools but the biggest and most memorable tool is the Big Kahuna burger which Sam Jackson enjoys. Theses moments riddle Quentin's films and every time the audiences mouth waters. Why do we crave them so much? It's because like everything in his frame, he uses food as a cognate for higher purpose and in the process creates glorious food porn.
“…I got everything from a Middle eye Joe to a damn if I know.”
– Drexel Spivey, True Romance
The thesis for this essay can be traced all way back to Quentin's first screenplay True Romance, a scene in which Clarence goes to the house of a pimp named Drexel to buy the freedom of his new wife and former employee of Drexel. When Clarence arrives the pimp is sitting in front of a bevy of Chinese food watching The Mac. Drexel offering Clarence to help himself to the smorgasbord infront of takeout, Clarence declines. Drexel smiles, this tells him everything he/we needed to know.
Monologue:
DREXL
No thanks? What does that mean? Means you ate before you came down here? All full. Is that it? Naw, I don't think so. I think you're too scared to be eatin'. Now, see we're sittin' down here, ready to negotiate, and you've already given up your shit. I'm still a mystery to you. But I know exactly where your ass is comin' from. See, if I asked you if you wanted some dinner and you grabbed an egg roll and started to chow down, I'd say to myself, “This motherfucker's carryin' on like he ain't got a care in the world. Who know? Maybe he doesn't. Maybe this fool's such a bad motherfucker, he doesn't got to worry about nothin', he just sits down, eat my Chinese, watch my TV.” See? You ain't even sat down yet. On that TV there, since you been in the room, is a woman with her titties hangin' out, and you ain't even bothered to look. You have just been starin' at me. Now, I know I'm pretty, but I ain't as pretty as a couple of titties.
The monologue Drexel delivers can be used as a template to understand the subtext of how Tarantino uses food as a tool. Drexel's ‘offer' is a thermometer for the scene, now he's able to gage his opponents temper and act accordingly. In the context, he was wrong in assuming Clarence wasn't a crazy cowboy, but his theory is important to understanding similar scene in the future.
“You kids don't play so rough. Somebody's gonna start crying.''
-Mr. Blonde, Resevoir Dogs
After their diamond heist falls apart and the group of thieves separates; Mr. White, Mr. Pink and Mr. Orange flee the scene and rendezvous. We find out that the police were informed by a suspected rat in the gang and that all three men had a difficult escape. Mr. White and Mr. Pink's emotions are so heightened an argument quickly excoriates to a gun draw. Then we are introduced to Mr. Blonde, leaning against a pole sipping a fast food coke and eating a hotdog(omitted from film) this one shot speaks volumes about his character.
After we have witnessed the detrimental consequences Orange and White have suffered from escaping and the high adrenaline foot chase Pink was involved in. We have also learned that Blonde became a ‘loose cannon' when the police arrived, he opened fire on a room of innocent civilians. Now prepped with the knowledge that Blonde has killed multiple civilians and had assumedly gone through the same ordeal in escaping – it's alarming to see this homicidal psychopath acting cooler than cool. Think about the food Quentin chooses for him; a take-out hotdog and soda. This means Blonde had to escape the police, then unimpeded by the guilt of lost lives he entered a restaurant and ordered two of the most casual items off the menu. The takeout symbolizes the careless nature of Blonde, both foods are at home on a fare ground or at a back yard BBQ. The ultimate food of relaxation.
‘Mmmm…That's a Tasty Burger.'
-Jules Winnfield, Pulp Fiction
Quentin's two most iconic food scenes are in the same film and will forever be quoted by your lamest friends anytime they bite into a burger or sip a $5 shake.
Jules Winnfield looms over Brett, he is one of 3(secretly 4) scared college kids who have been visited by two of Marcel Wallace's hit men. Before anything Jules wants these boys to know who is in charge, him tasting Brett's hamburger is a power move and it shows that Brett is going to give him exactly what he wants. This action is the opposite of the Chinese food scenes from True Romance, instead of gaging Clarence's intentions Jules using the action to demonstrate his intentions. He's taking a monstrous bite of the former leaders burger then finishing it off his sprite, like an alpha male exuding his dominance over the other gorillas in his band.
The vanilla milkshake which Mia orders at Jack Rabbit Slims differs from any other food scene up to this point because it is not meant to show intention or character backstory. Mia brings Vincent to a 1950's blast-from-the-past diner; it's extravagant, corny and nostalgic. The two feel a immediate connection which is undeniable. Mia order's a Vanilla milk shake which echo's all the same characteristics of the diner it's self. When it arrives Mia takes a sip then offers it to Vincent, the two share the taste; sweet, fluffy, and pleasurable. Tarantino uses the milk shake to represents not only the connection these two are having but the scene as a whole.
“Is that not the perfect visual image of life and death? A fish flapping on the carpet, and a fish not flapping on the carpet.''
-Bill, Kill Bill Vol. 2
Kill Bill is a assassin's journey of death, all together we witness the Bride slash through seventy-five lives all to be able to end one in particular. So when it comes to the end, The Bride is sitting with her daughter B.B. while, her nemesis/baby-daddy Bill makes them sandwiches for dinner. Bill regales The Bride with their daughters first life lesson which she learned after killing her pet fish Emilio. He describes death from the point of view of the child; simply and clearly, without the clutter of emotions or morals. The sandwich Bill is making is equally simple and childlike, ham and cheese on white bread with the crusts cut off. The sandwich embodies the lesson of death, while Bill lectures he compiles it then chops off the crusts with a long and shiny blade which remind us of his litheness. The death of Emilio the fish also reminds us of the Massacre at Two Pines and Bills attempt on The Brides life, but I'm getting off topic.
“Now look, I ain't stalking you all, but I didn't say that I wasn't a wolf.”
-Stuntman Mike, Grindhouse: ‘Death Proof'
We are formally introduced to Stuntman Mike sitting at the counter of a dive bar, eaves dropping on our table of girls. The combination of his silver mullet and the Husky patch on his jacket gives Mike the feeling of a predator. In the screenplay for Death Proof Quentin constantly uses ‘wolf' related words to describe Mike. We meet him hunched over a plate of nacho's devouring them with both hands, grease coats his mouth and fingers, he savagely decimates the dish like a wolf with a deer caracas. This strong imagery sets up his role in the film, his intentions towards the table of women and his true nature all through eating a Huck's Huckin' Nacho Grande Plater.
“For me a cup of espresso and for the mademoiselle…a glass of milk.”
– Col. Landa, Inglourious Basterds
Colonel Hans Landa, widely known as the Jew Hunter, sits at the dining room table of a french dairy farmer. The Nazi's objective is to find the whereabouts of a unaccounted for Jewish family named the Dreyfuses. When Landa requests a glass of milk from the family, this is the same power move as Jules makes in Pulp Fiction except this time it's shrouded in manners and politeness. Landa's strongest ability is to charm, so instead of kicking in the door and taking what he wants, Landa asks the farmer politely and out of fear the man oblige. For that matter he could have requested anything but Tarantino choose milk for the implications that Landa is drawing information from the farmer, like a dairy farmer draws milk from a cow. This small action sets up the men's relationship and the scene as a whole. In the end of the scene Landa learns that the Dryfuses are hiding below the floor boards, his soldiers open fire killing the family, everyone except their daughter Soshanna.
It's three years later now. Soshanna has built herself a false identity, her families murder has hardened her character. During a dinner meeting with a a few famous Nazi's, Col. Landa arrives and she becomes terror-stricken. Landa order's him and Soshanna two strudel, a espresso for himself and a disconcerting glass of milk for the Mademoiselle. The milk raises the stakes of the scene because of the obvious connection to the opening scene, Quentin constantly plays with the question of ‘does the Jew Hunter know her true identity?' The key to Landa's charm lies in his ability to convince you he is privy to your secrets, ordering milk is proof of this. A strudel is made from hundreds of paper thin layers of fill pastry, this may seem like a useless Home Ec. lesson but it's important because the delicate strudel represents Soshanna. During his interrogation, Landa devours the pastry just like he does Soshanna's confidence. We hear the loud crunch of his fork puncturing the crust, the smacking of his lips as he consumes each brittle bite. After he is through with her, he stubs out his “German” cigarette in the French desert soiling it. In the script, after Landa leaves we pan down to see that he has made Soshanna piss herself out of fear. This is by far Tarantino's most elaborate use of food as a metaphorical story tool and it pays off terrifically.
“It looks like we must act as our own bartender.”
-Dr. Shultz, Django Unchained
After freeing Django from his enslavers, Dr. Shultz brings him to a small rural town of Daughtrey. Uninhibited by the bigotry of the South, Shultz asks for service for him and Django in the towns saloon, the radicalism of a black man entering his bar scares the tavern owner into running to the law. Left alone the two act as their own bartender, Shultz invites Django to sit at a table while he pours them two beers. We are treated to the most affectionally shot beer pouring in all cinema; the ultra frothy beer shoots out of the tap, filling the thick beer mugs, Shultz cuts off the head with a beer comb and places them in front of the freed slave. Then the two men share a beer. Sharing a beer is a classic male bonding technique and this is how Quentin intended it, it's the creation of a partnership and shows us and Django the intentions of Dr. Shultz. Quentin chooses to highlight the beer in the scene to show it's significant to Django, this is the first time he has ever been treated as an equal by a white man. It's shot beautifully because it is beautiful.
After Calvin Candie has foiled Django and the good Doctors plan to free Brohilda, he rises the price of her freedom. After the papers are signed Dr. Shultz storms off into Candies library. Calvin, convinced Shultz is a bad looser, brings him two slices of white cake so they can resolve the disagreement. The white cake represents White Privilege; besides it being white, it's glutinous, sweet and appealing. Every white person in the room who has benefited from this privilege is enjoys a slice of this cake. So when Calvin, the perfect portrait of a man who has abused his privilege, offers the desert to Shultz he declines, just has he declines white privilege. In a film of bad people, Dr. Shultz stands apart and Quentin has used food show is core values and his belief in equality by choosing to share and decline.
“Oh, I didn't say you poisoned the coffee. I said you didn't make the stew.”
-Maj. Warren, The Hateful Eight.
Every member of The Hateful Eight is undeniably a bad person, with the possible exception of O.B. but we'll never know. The stew which is served to the group is used as a form of a peace, the group puts aside their differences to escape the cold and share a warm, comforting meal. For the first time in the movie John Ruth lets Daisy out of her hand coughs during dinner. It's at this moment that Maj. Warren see's his chance, he manipulates Gen. Smithers into a false sense of reconciliation; he offers the old man a bowl of soothing stew and the General fall for his trap. The stew is similar to Jules and the hamburger.
You can break Quentin Tarantino's food scenes into four categories. In scenes like True Romance, Pulp Fiction and Hateful Eight, the characters consciously use food as a tool to convey their intentions or manipulate others. In films like Inglourious Basterds, Django Unchained, and Reservoir Dogs it is used purposely by Quentin as metaphors or representations of power. There are also times like Death Proof, Pulp Fiction and Kill Bill and where he uses food as a visual aid to convey idea's or images. And sometimes in his movies a Teriyaki Donuts are just used in the background to aid an actors performance. The important lesson for story tellers to learn from Quentin is that even the smallest details can be used to your advantage.
Advertisements
We're thrilled to welcome Benedikt — the tech lead for JavaScript execution optimization at Google — to Pony Foo. He's been sharing a great deal of insight into V8 performance internals and caveats elsewhere on the web, and we're happy to host him on Pony Foo as well!
Here you can see the ToObject conversion as well as the Get for @@toStringTag (this is special internal syntax for the language specification for the well-known symbol with the name toStringTag). The addition of Symbol.toStringTag in ES2015 adds a lot of flexibility for developers, but at the same time comes at a cost.
This requires that the implementation of Object.prototype.toString() for ES2015 and later now converts its this value into an object first via the abstract operation ToObject and then looks for Symbol.toStringTag on the resulting object and in its prototype chain. The relevant part of the language specification looks like this:
One particularly interesting example of this is the new Symbol.toStringTag symbol, which is used to control the behavior of the Object.prototype.toString() built-in method. For example, a developer can now put this special property on any instance, and it is then used instead of the default built-in tag when the toString method is invoked:
Most of these newly introduced symbols affect several parts of the JavaScript language in non-trivial and cross-cutting ways, and lead to significant changes in the performance profile due to the additional monkey-patchability . Operations that were not observable by JavaScript code are all of a sudden observable and the behavior of these operations can be changed by user code.
Symbol.toStringTag : A string value used for the default description of an object, which is consulted by the Object.prototype.toString() method.
The ECMAScript 2015 Language Standard introduced the concept of so-called well-known symbols to the JavaScript language. These are special built-in symbols which represent internal language behaviors that were not exposed to developers in ECMAScript 5 and earlier. Examples of these are:
Motivation
The performance of the Object.prototype.toString() method in Chrome and Node.js has been under investigation in the past already, because it is used heavily by certain frameworks and libraries to perform type tests. For example, the AngularJS framework uses it to implement various helper functions like angular.isDate , angular.isArrayBuffer and angular.isRegExp (among others):
function isDate (value) { return toString.call(value) === '[object Date]' ; }
Also popular libraries like lodash and underscore.js use Object.prototype.toString() to implement checks on values, like the _.isPlainObject or _.isDate predicates provided by lodash:
function isDate (value) { return isObjectLike(value) && baseGetTag(value) == '[object Date]' }
The Mozilla engineers working on the SpiderMonkey JavaScript engine also identified the Symbol.toStringTag lookup in Object.prototype.toString() as bottleneck for real-world performance, as part of their Speedometer investigation. Running just the AngularJS subtest from the Speedometer benchmark suite using the internal V8 profiler (enabled by passing --no-sandbox --js-flags=--prof as command line flags to Chrome) we can see that a significant portion of the overall time is spent performing the @@toStringTag lookup (inside the GetPropertyStub ) and the ObjectProtoToString code, which implements the Object.prototype.toString() built-in method:
Speedometer AngularJS performance profile
Jan de Mooij from the SpiderMonkey team crafted a simple micro-benchmark to specifically test the performance of Object.prototype.toString() on Arrays:
function f () { var res = "" ; var a = [ 1 , 2 , 3 ]; var toString = Object .prototype.toString; var t = new Date ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 5000000 ; i++) res = toString.call(a); print( new Date - t); return res; } f();
In fact, running this simple micro-benchmark using the internal profiler built into V8 (enabled in the d8 shell via the --prof command line flag) already demonstrates the underlying problem: It is completely dominated by the Symbol.toStringTag lookup on the [1,2,3] array instance. Roughly 73% of the overall execution time is consumed by the negative property lookup (in the GetPropertyStub that implements the generic property lookup), and another 3% are wasted in the ToObject built-in, which is a no-op in case of arrays (since an Array is already an Object in the JavaScript sense).
Mozilla micro-benchmark performance profile (before)
Interesting symbols
The proposed solution for SpiderMonkey was to add the notion of an interesting symbol, which is a bit on every hidden class that says whether instances with this hidden class may have a property whose name is @@toStringTag or @@toPrimitive . This way the expensive search for Symbol.toStringTag can be avoided in the common case, where the lookup is negative anyways, which resulted in a 2x improvement on the simple micro-benchmark for SpiderMonkey.
Since I was looking specifically into some AngularJS use cases, I was happy to find this idea and see that it works out well. So I started thinking about the design and eventually ported it to V8, although limited to just Symbol.toStringTag and Object.prototype.toString() for now, as I haven't found evidence (yet) that Symbol.toPrimitive is a major pain point in Chrome or Node.js. The fundamental idea is that by default we assume that instances don't have interesting symbols, and every time we add a new property to an instance, we check whether that property's name is an interesting symbol, and if so we set the bit on the instances hidden classes.
const obj = {}; Object .prototype.toString.call(obj); obj[Symbol.toStringTag] = 'a' ; Object .prototype.toString.call(obj);
Check this simple example: Here obj starts life as an instance with definitely no interesting symbols on it. So the first call to Object.prototype.toString() takes the new fast-path, where the Symbol.toStringTag lookup can be skipped (also because the Object.prototype doesn't have any interesting symbols on it), whereas the second call takes the generic slow-path because obj now has an interesting symbol.
Performance
Implementing this mechanism in V8 improves the performance on the above mentioned micro-benchmark by roughly 5.8x on a Z620 Linux workstation. And checking the performance profile again, we can see that we no longer spend time in the GetPropertyStub , but the micro-benchmark is now dominated by the Object.prototype.toString() built-in as expected:
Mozilla micro-benchmark performance profile (after)
Running this on a slightly more realistic benchmark, which passes different values to Object.prototype.toString() , including primitives and objects which have a custom Symbol.toStringTag property, shows up to 6.5x improvements in the latest V8 compared to V8 6.1.
Micro-benchmark results
Measuring the impact on the Speedometer browser benchmark, specifically the AngularJS subtest in the benchmark suite, it seems to yield a 1% overall improvement on the full suite and a solid 3% on the AngularJS subtest.
Speedometer results
Conclusion
Even a highly optimized built-in like Object.prototype.toString() still provides some potential for further optimization - leading up to 6.5x improvements in throughput - if you dig deep enough into appropriate performance tests (like the Speedometer AngularJS benchmark in this case). Kudos to Jan de Mooij and Tom Schuster from Mozilla for doing the investigation in this case, and coming up with the cool idea of interesting symbols!
Welcome to HSFB season, kids!
This is when recruiting starts to pick up even more, with players proving their worth on the field of play against other padded players. This is different than the shorts-and-t-shirt nature of the summer recruiting circuit.
For Miami, the #Swag16 class (and the #Squad17 class, for that matter) will be heavily displayed in opening week games broadcast on TV and the Internet. Here's your schedule:
QB Jack Allison - Friday, 7pm, Online Stream
Palmetto HS is trying to put all their games up on a live-stream for viewing this season. You'll be able to watch Captain Jack and the Tigers take on Fort Myers tonight at 7pm via the webstream.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-partner="tweetdeck"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">TigerVision is up and at it! We're heading down to Ft. Myers to bring coverage of the game! <a href="http://t.co/mZBksYxQll">http://t.co/mZBksYxQll</a> <a href="http://t.co/qTtpNqPmcO">pic.twitter.com/qTtpNqPmcO</a></p>— Palmetto High Sports (@PalmettoHigh) <a href="https://twitter.com/PalmettoHigh/status/637235065374830592">August 28, 2015</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
Booker T. Washington vs. St. Thomas Aquinas - Friday, 8pm, ESPN
I listed the name of this game rather than the players because there are SO MANY elite level prospects who will be on display in this matchup.
Booker T, who enters on a 42 game winning streak, look to prove that they're still THE dominant team in South Florida. St. Thomas, who has arguably the most FBS/high D1 talent of any team in America on their roster, look to continue their trend of beating good teams (and some would say beating good Dade County teams just after their peak).
This game, televised nationally on ESPN at 8pm on Friday, will be a dream for anyone who follows recruiting (or, just likes elite HSFB action). Here are the names who will be on the field:
St. Thomas Aquinas
November 27, 2013 2 min read
This story originally appeared on Business Insider
In a multi-screen world, there are countless places advertisers can are able to target and reach prospective customers. They can promote a tweet while you're scrolling for news on your phone after you first wake up, or blast you with a pre-roll video ad when you've sat down to surf the web after work.
But one time marketers have trouble reaching consumers, even today, is when they're on the road. Billboards provide little in the way of consumer data to target ads, and the proliferation of mobile devices has caused people to spend less time listening to ad-heavy FM and AM radio. Meanwhile, a person already in transit is an ideal target for a marketer trying to lure customers to a given location.
But now, Harman's Aha Radio, an app that works on the smart dashboards of more than 40 car models, has an advertising product that breaks through these barriers. By teaming with the location marketer Placecast, Aha will offer an advertising service that determines where people are when they're driving and then sends relevant advertising offers to their dashboards. Drivers can then redeem the offers using their smartphones.
The Harman is testing the product with a campaign from Quiznos, whose chief marketing officer Susan Lintonsmith told the New York Times that she hopes the promotion will create a "radio on steroids" effect for her brand.
Geolocation ads have long been thought of as a holy grail for marketers, and Placecast is one of several companies hoping to figure it out, along with competitors Loopt, Shopcast, and Roximity, whose deal-finder app is installed in Ford vehicles that carry the automaker's Sync technology.
Here's a video showing how the ads will appear to people driving in their cars, starting at about the 50-second mark:
PLEASE NOTE: The code sections in this article appear differently on different devices. When using the Instructables app for mobile devices the code is missing line endings. Most web browsers seem to work okay.
If you are serving web content world-wide then you'll eventually want to adopt some sort of blacklist, or exclusion list, where you can keep specific IP addresses from accessing your server. However, if you want to tighten-down your security and only allow a select few accesses then you'll need to make some changes.
cd /etc/apache2 sudo cp apache2.conf apache2.conf.bak
sudo vi apache2.conf
OR
sudo nano apache2.conf
Travel down the file until you reach this section that allows everyone to access to your web server from the outside:
<Directory /var/www/> Options Indexes FollowSymLinks AllowOverride None Require all granted </Directory>
The AllowOverride directive is set to None meaning we will not be using an .htaccess file to override these settings. The next directive, Require is set to all granted, meaning allow anyone to access.
Please note: I have found a significant number of bot requests in my log files, snooping for those of Us using phpmyadmin, be sure to limit access:
<Directory /usr/share/phpmyadmin/> Order Deny, Allow Deny from All # localhost Allow from 127.0.0.1 # Local-Area Network Allow from 192.168.0 </Directory>
Next, we can add a directory that we want to protect:
<Directory /var/www/html/hydroMazing/> Options Indexes FollowSymLinks AllowOverride All </Directory>
The AllowOverride directive is set to All meaning we will be using an .htaccess file to override these settings. We will provide the Requirement directive in our .htaccess file inside the directory we specified, in this case, “/var/www/html/hydroMazing/”
# AccessFileName: The name of the file to look for in each directory # for additional configuration directives. See also the AllowOverride # directive. AccessFileName .htaccess
You could change the name of the .htaccess file here to something harder to guess. Keep the dot at the beginning because it means hidden file. Use your imagination!
Now you can use an .htaccess file as your whitelist, or inclusion list:
To create a .htaccess ( or whatever you've named it ) file:
cd /var/www/html/mydirectory/
sudo vi .htaccess
OR
sudo nano .htaccess
# Allow access to localhost Require ip 127.0.0.1 # Allow access to my cell phone Require ip 98.97.34.23
Second entry is an example, change it to your IP address, or the IP address that your web server logged.
Save and close the file. You can add additional access as desired.
RDS.ca
En tant que légende et partisan actuel du Lightning de Tampa Bay, Vincent Lecavalier a été surpris d'apprendre la transaction qui a envoyé Jonathan Drouin au Canadien de Montréal en retour de Mikhail Sergachev.
S'il est convaincu que le directeur général du Lightning Steve Yzerman sait ce qu'il fait en acquérant Sergachev, c'est avec un pincement au coeur qu'il regarde Drouin quitter Tampa. Une chose est certaine, Lecavalier assure que les partisans du Canadien tomberont en amour avec l'attaquant québécois.
« J'ai été quand même très surpris. Cette année, j'amenais mon fils aux matchs du Lightning et les deux joueurs que j'aimais beaucoup regarder étaient Kucherov et Drouin, a-t-il raconté en entrevue pour Sports 30. C'est dur de comparer un échange alors que Sergachev n'a pas encore joué dans la LNH (NDLR : Sergachev a joué seulement quatre matchs de saison régulière avec le Canadien). Mais j'imagine que Steve Yzerman a fait ses devoirs pour faire un échange comme ça. Je peux dire que les fans du Canadien vont aimer Jonathan Drouin. J'allais le voir et je le regardais tous le match parce que chaque fois qu'il touchait à la rondelle, quelque chose se passait. »
Sans connaître Drouin personnellement, Lecavalier est toujours proche du Lightning et a entendu de bonnes choses au sujet de son caractère. Il estime que Drouin a les éléments nécessaires pour faire face à l'exigeant marché montréalais et qu'il pourrait même carburer à la pression générée par celui-ci.
« Je ne le connais pas tant que ça. Mais j'ai entendu dire que c'était quelqu'un de vraiment relax. Je dirais un peu comme Carey Price, compare-t-il avec le sourire. C'est le bon tempérament à avoir. Je pense que ça va même élever son jeu d'un cran d'avoir une petite pression comme ça et je suis sûr qu'il va avoir une super belle carrière à Montréal. »
Un honneur bien mérité pour Andreychuk
Lecavalier a été heureux d'apprendre l'admission de son ancien coéquipier Dave Andreychuk au Temple de la renommée du hockey. Andreychuk était capitaine du Lightning lorsque Lecavalier a soulevé la coupe Stanley pours la seule fois de sa carrière en 2004.
En fin de carrière lors de cette conquête, Andreychuk a fait preuve d'un grand leadership pour mener cette jeune équipe vers les plus grands honneurs. Lecavalier est d'avis qu'Andreychuk aurait dû faire son entrée au Panthéon il y a déjà quelques années.
Vincent Lecavalier, nouveau retraité et spectateur attentif
« Tout un honneur pour lui. On m'a dit que ça faisait neuf ans [qu'il était admissible]. Il aurait dû l'être avant ça, avec tous les matchs qu'il a joués, estime-t-il. J'ai joué quatre ans avec lui et tout ce qu'il a fait pour moi et les jeunes à Tampa, c'est extraordinaire. Un honneur grandement mérité. »
Une finale déchirante
Lecavalier a suivi de très près les dernières séries éliminatoires de la LNH. Le nouveau retraité se réjouit d'avoir vu son ancien entraîneur-chef Peter Laviolette atteindre la finale de la coupe Stanley. Cependant, il était difficile de choisir un camp lors de la grande finale.
« J'ai suivi pas mal toutes les séries. Quand je jouais au hockey, je suivais ça un petit peu moins, mais depuis que je suis retraité, j'ai regardé pas mal tous les matchs, explique-t-il. C'était beau de voir Nashville se rendre en finale. Vraiment une belle finale. C'était un peu dur de prendre pour Nashville parce que mon grand ami Mark Streit était à Pittsburgh et je voulais qu'il gagne la coupe Stanley. Mais de voir Peter Laviolette [se rendre si loin] avec son système de jeu, c'était beau à voir. »
Martin, 30, has no idea what his stake is worth, though Fusion reported last year that his shares may be valued from $US10 million to $US20 million. The cash-and-stock sale to Wal-Mart could have doubled that since Jet's private valuation was pegged at around $US1.5 billion last November, but the company has also raised money since Martin won his shares.
That could have reduced the value of his stake because startups sometimes give preferential shares to later-term investors that can squeeze out smaller investors or employees. Martin, who four years ago ran for a seat in the US House of Representatives as a Republican candidate and says on his LinkedIn profile he has "an understanding of business on many levels", said he's still waiting for Jet to tell him how much his stake is worth, but he's hoping it's in the "multi-millions."
Wal-Mart's purchase gives the world's largest retailer a way to boost its online offering and better compete with Jeff Bezos' e-commerce giant Amazon.com. Jet's founder, Marc Lore, worked at Amazon for about two years after selling his previous company to the online retail behemoth. He founded Jet as a members-only online retailer, aiming to cut prices below even what Amazon could offer. He's raised more than $US500 million in venture capital.
While he waits to find out exactly how rich he is, Martin is thinking about his own startup, Ideadash.com, an online portal that lets people post their ideas for inventions or businesses and get others to execute on them while retaining a stake in the project.
"I'm weighing my options," he said. "I've got to take time to process all this."
Democrat Richard Soto is running for his party's nomination in a contested primary for the 103rd state House seat representing Harrisburg and the surrounding area.
But if he would beat out two-term incumbent Patty Kim in his first-time bid for public office and win the seat in the fall election, the Department of State and an election lawyer say there's a good chance he could not serve in the office.
Soto, 48, has a criminal record. Along with a pair of drug convictions from earlier in his life, he was caught up in a federal drug raid in 2005 that resulted in him pleading guilty to a count of distribution of heroin. He served eight-and-a-half years in prison for that.
The unapologetic ex-convict who now works full-time in the maintenance department at a Carlisle online pet store warehouse says he served his time and now wants to serve his community by representing it in the state House of Representatives.
Problem is, a Department of State spokeswoman Wanda Murren said a provision in the state constitution bars anyone convicted of certain offense, including the catch-all, "infamous crimes," that she said would include a felony conviction, from holding office.
And if that doesn't prevent him from serving, it's possible another provision in the constitution might.
Harrisburg attorney Scott Caulfield, who has regularly practiced in election law but no longer represents any political candidates, said the constitution allows for the House to expel a member by a two-thirds vote.
"I would suspect if he is elected that somebody in the House of Representatives would challenge it and seek to not seat him as a member of the House," Caulfield said.
That would result in leaving the seat vacant until a special election was held to fill it.
But Soto said his advisers suggest, after studying the law and constitutional provisions, that he could serve. He points to former Washington, D.C., Mayor Marion Barry who served in public office after his felony drug conviction.
What's more, he sees his situation as a way to spotlight what he considers to be a contradiction about his opponent.
Kim supported legislation recently signed into law by Gov. Tom Wolf to give certain ex-offenders an opportunity to have their criminal records sealed so they don't show up in background checks by prospective employers.
"She says, 'I'm for giving people second chances in life,'" Soto said. "But what she's saying to me and other convicted felons is it's okay to give me a second chance to get a warehouse job or McDonald's job but it's not okay to run for the office she now holds. She contradicts herself."
Kim, a 42-year-old former Harrisburg City Council member, said her actions in office demonstrate her commitment to assisting ex-offenders.
In addition to her support of the new law, she said her office holds weekly ex-offender clinics in her district office to offer counsel and aid in job placement as well as held job fairs that invite employers who are open to hiring ex-offenders.
"I believe every ex-offender who has changed their lives for the better should get a second chance," she said.
Kim said she does not intend to make Soto's criminal history a campaign issue.
Kim was unaware until around the nominating petition deadline last month that she even had a primary opponent, she said. However, she said she knows when you run for election, competition is expected.
"I know that voters like options and I always see an election as an employee review," Kim said. If the review is positive, voters support her and she gets another two-year term.
Kim won the Dauphin County Democratic Committee's endorsement last month although Soto challenged the fairness of the endorsement process. He said he wasn't given an opportunity to appeal to committee members for their support. But both Kim and county committee chairwoman Rogette Harris said that likely was because no one knew he was running for the office. Harris said he didn't inform her.
Soto believes his background of growing up in the projects and commitment to his community, which includes running job fairs and formerly running a youth center he started in Hall Manor prior to his drug conviction, makes him a good overshadows his criminal record.
"I just want to give back to the community and let the people decide," Soto said.
New evidence to be submitted to the United Nations' General Assembly this week could help shed light on one of the enduring mysteries of the 20th century — namely, was the 1961 death of the second UN Secretary General an accident or an act of murder?
Dag Hammarskjöld died in a plane crash in Ndola, Northern Rhodesia — now Zambia — along with 15 others on Sept. 18, 1961.
The 56-year old Swedish diplomat was in Africa to try to unite the Congo, but faced resistance from a number of multinationals, often supported by mercenaries and openly hostile to the UN, who coveted the area's mineral wealth.
The crash has been a source of widespread speculation for decades, which has ramped up thanks to evidence uncovered in the last few years.
Searchers walk through the scattered wreckage of the DC6B plane that had carried Dag Hammarskjöld, in a forest near Ndola, Zambia, Sept. 19, 1961. (Associated Press)
That includes testimony from a former U.S. National Security Agency intelligence officer who claims he heard a recording of another pilot attacking the plane, as well as a Belgian pilot who says that he accidentally shot the plane down after being hired to merely divert it.
UN spokesperson Stéphane Dujarric said a three-member panel appointed by current Secretary General Ban Ki-moon recently travelled to Zambia to interview new witnesses and gathered new documents from public and private archives in the United Kingdom, Sweden and Belgium.
Ban is examining the panel's report and will make his own recommendations on how to proceed before it is distributed to the General Assembly — expected to happen this coming week.
The evidence could result in a new UN probe into the crash, which would be the first since an inconclusive 1962 UN inquiry. But Dujarric says that decision will be left up to member states.
'They killed him'
Suspicions that the plane was shot down more than half a century ago are not new.
Just two days after the crash, former U.S. President Harry Truman told The New York Times, "Dag Hammarskjöld was on the point of getting something done when they killed him. Notice that I said, 'When they killed him,'" Truman emphasized, without elaborating.
At the time of the tragedy, Hammarskjöld was on a peace mission to unite the Congo, which had just gained independence from Belgium.
He was flying from the capital, Léopoldville (which later became Kinshasa), to meet with secessionist leader Moise Tshombé, who had declared the mineral-rich southeastern province of Katanga an independent state.
The men were to meet in Ndola, in the neighbouring British colony of Northern Rhodesia, because of ongoing fighting in Katanga.
But just after midnight on Sept. 18, Hammarskjöld's chartered DC6 crashed in a forested area about 14 kilometres from the Ndola airport. Hammarskjöld received a posthumous Nobel Peace Prize later that year.
Secretary General Dag Hammarskjöld, left, receives credentials from Canadian diplomat Charles Ritchie at the UN in New York in 1958. Canadian Alice Lalande, Secretary to the head of the UN mission in the Congo, was also killed in the 1961 crash. (Canadian Press)
Renewed speculation of foul play arose in 2011, on the 50th anniversary of his death, when Susan Williams published the book Who Killed Hammarskjold? The UN, the Cold War and White Supremacy in Africa.
It offered a new analysis of the evidence, including previously unseen documents, photographs, as well as testimony from eyewitnesses, many of them African, who had either not participated or not been taken seriously by Rhodesian officials or the UN.
Williams argues this was a direct result of the white minority regime in place in Northern Rhodesia at the time.
"[The locals'] testimony was dismissed, disqualified, ignored, in some cases changed," said Williams, adding that some people were afraid to come forward.
Williams said a number of local eyewitnesses told her that they saw a second, smaller aircraft "that dropped something that looked like fire" on top of the bigger plane right before it went down.
Queen Elizabeth addresses the General Assembly, as her husband Prince Philip, sits at left, Oct. 21, 1957. Hammarskjöld sits on the far left, behind the Queen. (John Rooney/Associated Press)
The crash killed the UN chief and 15 others, including Alice Lalande, Secretary to the head of the UN mission in the Congo, who was from Joliette, Que. She was the only Canadian and the only woman on board the aircraft.
Williams has two primary theories: that it was an assassination or a hijacking gone wrong.
The second theory is based on testimony from a former Belgian pilot known only as "Beukels," who claimed in 1967 that he accidentally downed Hammarskjöld's plane while trying to divert it with warning shots.
A group of international jurists known as the Hammarskjöld Commission sums up Beukels' testimony in a 2013 independent investigative report by stating he claimed he was acting on behalf of a group representing "a number of European political and business interests" who wanted to "persuade [Hammarskjöld] of the case for Katanga's continued independence."
No shortage of suspects
Henning Melber, former director of the Dag Hammarskjöld Foundation, explains the UN chief's mission to unite the Congo automatically pitted him against colonial settlers desperate to hold onto power and Katanga's vast mineral resources.
That included Belgians, French, the British and "mercenaries of all shapes and colours," said Melber, who also helped establish the Hammarskjöld Commission of Inquiry.
For the Rhodesian Federation, which included modern-day Zambia, Malawi and Zimbabwe, Katanga acted as a barrier against the southward migration of African nationalism. One year earlier, in 1960, the UN had admitted 17 new member states, 16 of which were newly independent nations in Africa — including the Congo.
While the European colonies were slowly dying, the U.S. and USSR were jockeying to expand their Cold War sphere of influence, as well as their share of the resources.
"One needs to remember that the uranium that was used in the bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki came from the Katanga province," said Melber.
On Feb. 15, 1961, Hammarskjöld attends a meeting at the UN headquarters in New York. That was seven months before he died in what is now Zambia, a death still shrouded in mystery. (Associated Press)
The commission said the "chaotic, contradictory, frequently inexplicable and in places irresponsible reaction (or lack of reaction) of the Federation authorities" following the crash has helped fuel the rumour mill.
For example, it took the Rhodesian RAF pilots 15 hours to "officially" locate the aircraft, while Daily Telegraph correspondent Ian Colvin said he had spotted the crash site — crawling with police — six hours earlier in a chartered Cessna.
Other oddities: Some of the bodies of the victims had bullet holes, and a playing card — rumoured to be the ace of spades — was found in Hammarskjöld's collar.
The sole survivor of the crash was American security officer Sgt. Harold Julien. In his testimony, he spoke of "sparks in the sky" and said the plane "blew up," but the lead inspector of the local investigation dismissed his statements as "rambling."
According to the Hammarskjöld Commission, hospital staff said that although he was badly burned, Julien was often coherent and lucid. He died six days after the crash.
'The Lone Ranger'
Some of the most compelling testimony of foul play comes from Charles Southall, who in 1961 was an intelligence officer stationed at the U.S. National Security Agency's naval communications base in Cyprus.
He said he heard a pilot shoot down Hammarskjöld's plane and that the CIA and/or the NSA have a recording of it.
"The watch supervisor called me and said, 'Come [into work] about midnight, something interesting is going to happen,'" Southall told CBC.
That's when he said he heard a recording of the crash that somebody told him was seven minutes old, which, according to Southall, "meant that somebody down there in the Ndola area, also waiting for this to happen, made a recording of it, put a date-time stamp on it and… sent it off."
In his statement to the Commission of Inquiry, Southall recalled the pilot saying, "I see a transport plane coming low. All the lights are on. I'm going down to make a run on it. Yes, it's the Transair DC6. It's the plane."
Then, the sound of cannon fire, at which point the voice, which he described as cool and professional, became animated: "I've hit it. There are flames. It's going down. It's crashing."
Southall, now 82, believes the voice he heard was that of a Belgian mercenary pilot nicknamed "The Lone Ranger."
Hours before the wreckage was officially located, the U.S. Ambassador in the Congo, Edmund Gullion, sent a cable to Washington speculating that the secretary general's plane might have been attacked by a known Belgian mercenary.
"There is possibility he was shot down by the single pilot who has harassed UN operations," Gullion wrote.
The document, which was released by the State Department following Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request on behalf of the Hammarskjöld Commission, identified the pilot as Vak Riesseghel, likely a misspelling of Katanga Air Force Commander Jan Van Risseghem.
A UN Military report stated that Van Risseghem, a former South African and Royal Rhodesian AF pilot, had been arrested and repatriated to Brussels 10 days before the crash, but had managed to return to Katanga.
"As long as he is still operating he may paralyze the air rescue operations," wrote Gullion in the 1961 cable.
The FOIA request, which asked for any recording, transcription or radio message intercepted the night of the crash, produced two additional documents.
But the Hammarskjöld Commission says that more than 50 years on, they remain "top secret" and sealed for national security reasons.
Grace VanderWaal's music video for ‘Moonlight' is here! The 13-year-old ‘America's Got Talent' winner has wowed us once again — we're absolutely in love with this stunning visual. Watch!
We knew that Grace VanderWaal, 13, would go far after winning America's Got Talent, and we're obsessed with this latest music video from the young singer! Watch the visual, which dropped today, July 20, for “Moonlight” above.
The video is grittier than we expected, as Grace, an impressive actress, somberly makes her way to a city rooftop. When she finally reaches the roof, the impression that an amazing party would be waiting for her is shattered — though the picture-perfect bash is going on in her head.
Grace shared a video of herself on Instagram ahead of the release where she shared the message behind the song. “The story is about someone going through depression, and seeing the way they're changing, and that fake alter-personality…a lot of people go through depression and if you know someone who is, please talk to them and try to reach out,” Grace told fans. “It's [also] about walking down memory lane and remembering just last year, feeling magical, like you were dancing in the moonlight,” she added. Love it! Grace is also holding a special show later today, which you can enter through these sweepstakes. Good luck!
If you aren't able to make the show, don't worry — the “I Don't Know My Name” singer will be performing live this fall, with appearances at the Austin City Limits Festival and Karoondinha Festival! You can get info on tix here. Grace is also nominated for a Teen Choice Award as “Choice Next Big Thing,” and we couldn't be more thrilled for her — not that she needs an award to tell us that she IS the next big thing!
HollywoodLifers, what do you think of Grace's video for “Moonlight?” Tell us if you love it!
By Lo Tien-pin and Jake Chung / Staff reporter, with staff writer
The US military has continually rejected Taipei's request to conduct live-fire testing of the PAC-3 missile system in Taiwan on the grounds that they might give China an opportunity to gather critical data on the system, the Ministry of National Defense said in its 2014 budget report, which was recently sent to the Legislative Yuan for review.
The Legislative Yuan had decided when reviewing this year's budget that the ministry should make plans for the live-fire testing of both the Patriot missile system and the SM-1 surface-to-air missile both within and outside the nation's borders.
Senior military officials said in the report that the US military's rejection of the ministry's requests was not only due to international political concerns, but also the worry that China would be able to obtain digital data on the system's performance.
If that happens, it could pose a serious breach to the security of the US' missile defense network across Japan, South Korea and Taiwan, the officials said.
Nonetheless, the ministry would continue its efforts to get the green light from the US on live-fire weapons system testing in Taiwan.
Despite the US military's offer to give the ministry all the statistics on the weapons system's live-fire testing in the US and enable the ministry to simulate training, the officials said that it was not the same.
“The environment here in Taiwan is different from that in the US. It is better to have first-hand experience and data by conducting live-fire exercises in Taiwan,” the officials said.
Meanwhile, the ministry also said that it has started planning for the live firing of the RIM-66 missile, which would be carried out on Sept. 23 and Sept. 24 east of Taiwan by the Navy.
Given the SM-1's range of 74km to 170km, Japan has expressed concern that the firing radius would encircle the northern, western and southern border of Yonaguni, one of the Yaeyama Islands.
Altcoins AMD Launches GPUOpen: Potentially Huge Boon for Cryptocurrency
January 28, 2016 — This Tuesday, AMD launched GPUopen, a suite of MIT-licensed development tools for graphics and GPGPU applications. GPGPU is integral to making mining hardware profitable for many cryptocurrencies, and with the upcoming launch of Vulkan and the recent Hack of AMD's GCN architecture, many interesting possibilities for the Mining and Cryptocurrency communities present themselves.
Also Read: Bank of England Considers Distributed Ledger Technology To Revamp UK Financial Infrastructure
The Trouble with GPGPU
We've found ourselves in a strange transitional period for both cryptocurrency and the hardware that makes it possible. Debates rage around the direction bitcoin can (or should) go. A bevy of new altcoins are coming into their own, and GPGPU hardware has reached a point of stagnation as major hardware manufacturers refine their newest architectures.
Successful decentralized services rely heavily on open source development and distribution, a concept markedly foreign to AMD and Nvidia when it comes to the software they provide for their cards. Nvidia's CUDA was choked out of the cryptocurrency market as a standard for this reason. Thus far we've been limited from both a performance and development standpoint by the opacity of the closed drivers, only able to interface with GPGPU hardware via the provided SDKs. This introduces overhead, inefficiencies, and inconsistent performance where there needn't be because developers can't see what's going on inside the driver binaries, or “blobs.”
GPUOpen Brings Transparency to the Table
The options outside of the manufacturer provided ones weren't great for a long time. You could hack the binary drivers to uncover direct hardware access like Tomasz Stachowiak did for GCN, but you can't ship finished code with these implementations because of all the legal trouble it'll get you in. You could also use open source drivers, but up to this point they perform badly compared to the closed versions and have little to no support for GPGPU. GPUOpen turns this Paradigm on its head. It provides support and tools for OpenCL implementations on the open source AMD driver, enabling developers to get closer to the inner workings of the cards they're writing applications for. This means improvements in a lot of areas down the road for AMD support, but it should be of particular interest to Cryptocurrency miners, because it means hashing overhead could come down and compute efficiency may very well rise, and all of this is happening for GCN hardware, which has been the miner's GPU architecture of choice for some time now, given it's OpenCL performance.
There's one package from GPUOpen that should give the Crypto community pause: The ROCK open-source kernel driver. It allows more direct hardware access than one can achieve with the proprietary driver, and its liberal license means there are tremendous opportunities for permutation and optimization. In addition, development on the open source driver will push improvements for the open-source software stack, leading to stability and performance improvements comparable to what we see in the proprietary Catalyst driver, possibly replacing it on Unix-based systems. With Vulkan intended to replace OpenGL in the near future, having a solid open-source codebase to work from in case OpenCL stagnates or standards change is invaluable.
So what does this all mean in the context of the Cryptocurrency community? Well, Developing mining applications and setting up direct-compute proof of work just became a lot easier, a viable open source driver has come into play that lets developers see what the hardware is doing, which means lower overhead and faster hashing, as well as more granular control of compatibility and settings for the end user. There's a lot to be unsure of moving forward into the new year, but a lot of it should be exciting for those that use or are interested in blockchain technology.
How do you think GPUOpen will affect Blockchain development? Let us know in the comments!
Images courtesy of Wikimedia commons, Vulkan Group
Forget about the disappointing Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice – a proper Superman movie is finally ready to make its Blu-ray debut later this year. Brad Bird‘s animated classic The Iron Giant is officially getting a proper home video release and it looks like it may have been worth the wait. Fans of Blu-ray box sets with ostentatious packaging and tons of bonus features, rejoice! There is no 2016 release as exciting as this.
After playing a key role in the early years of The Simpsons and before he directed The Incredibles and Ratatouille for Pixar, Bird made The Iron Giant at Warner Bros. and it was a huge box office bomb. And then a funny thing happened: people began to realize this tale of a massive robotic being who falls to earth during the Cold War and befriends a young boy is nothing short of a masterpiece and one of the best animated films of the past few decades. Heck, it's one of the best science fiction films of the past few decades.
Two versions of the The Iron Giant Blu-ray will arrive on September 6, 2016: a regular “Signature Edition” Blu-ray as well as the “Ultimate Collector's Edition,” which will come packaged with an art book, Mondo art cards, and even a little statuette of the giant himself. Look at this thing and feel your wallet weep:
The regular Blu-ray will retail for $14.99 while the Ultimate Collector's Edition will cost you $74.99. Both versions will feature the same special features, including the theatrical cut of the film, the remastered and extended edition that played in some theaters last year, a director's commentary, and a new making-of documentary called The Giant's Dream, which is described thusly:
“The Giant's Dream” is the dramatic story about a rare moment in movie history that allowed a first-time director to make one of the world's greatest animated films, “The Iron Giant.” Using stylized animatics, archival footage, original concept art, and revealing interviews, The Giant's Dreamcharts the incredible ups and downs, industry firsts, and amazing history behind this iconic film, and its rebel director, Brad Bird.
You can peruse the complete list of bonus features below, but the real attraction here is the movie itself. High definition is kinder to animation than any other medium, so getting a chance to watch this on Blu-ray should be a huge treat. It's time to throw away that crappy barebones DVD and upgrade. Between this and that upcoming art book, 2016 is a terrific year for The Iron Giant fans.
LONGWOOD, Fla. – The wife of George Zimmerman faces a perjury charge for allegedly lying about the couple's finances at her husband's bond hearing in connection with the killing of Florida teen Trayvon Martin.
Shellie Zimmerman, 25, was arrested and briefly jailed Tuesday by the Seminole County Sheriff's Office before posting a $1,000 bond. In a court filing, State Attorney Angela Corey said Zimmerman perjured herself before Judge Kenneth Lester at an April bond hearing.
George Zimmerman, a neighborhood watch volunteer, has been charged with second-degree murder in connection Martin's death.
Zimmerman, 28, has pleaded innocent, contending he acted in self-defense after getting into a fight with the unarmed Trayvon. He was released on $150,000 bond April 22. Lester revoked the bond June 3 and ordered Zimmerman back to jail when authorities learned that he had collected more than $100,000 through Internet donations. According to an affidavit, Shellie Zimmerman transferred more than $74,000 to her personal account days before the bond hearing.
Taped phone calls between the couple revealed that they had discussed the money transfers in code to hide the funds, according to the affidavit. The calls also showed that George Zimmerman instructed his wife to "pay off all the bills," including payments to American Express and Sam's Club. Nearly $50,000 was transferred to an account held by Zimmerman's sister.
George Zimmerman: Neighborhood watch captain involved in shooting death of Trayvon Martin Orange County Jail via Miami Herald via AP
In his bond revocation order — made public Tuesday — Lester concluded that Zimmerman's wife had "testified untruthfully" about her husband's finances at his initial bond hearing and that Zimmerman had failed to tell the court about one of his two passports.
Lester also noted that the evidence against George Zimmerman "is strong."
"Most importantly, though, is the fact that he has now demonstrated that he does not properly respect the law or the integrity of the judicial process," Lester wrote.
Another bond hearing is scheduled for June 29.
Shellie Zimmerman's arrest came on the day a Florida task force opened the first in a series of public hearings on the state's controversial stand-your-ground law, which is the basis for Zimmerman's legal defense.
At the hearing, Trayvon's parents, Tracy Martin and Sybrina Fulton, said the law should be amended to exclude those who initiate confrontations.
Commenting on Shellie Zimmerman's arrest, Martin family attorney Benjamin Crump said the legal system was sending "a strong message."
"You have to tell the truth in court because it is the whole basis of the American judicial system," Crump said. "The credibility of each witness is always the crux of every legal case."
Randy Reep, a criminal defense attorney in Jacksonville, Fla., said Shellie Zimmerman's arrest shows that state attorneys are aggressively prosecuting the case against her husband.
"It is a big deal," he said. "You are being called a liar in the most public way possible, and forever and ever your credibility is arguably impeachable at trial."
Her arrest, however, should have little impact on George Zimmerman's June 29 bond hearing, Reep said. It "doesn't speak to (George) Zimmerman's danger to the community and his risk of flight. Those are the fundamental considerations that the judge looks at in setting a bond."
A YOUNG woman has reportedly been beheaded by a group of Taliban militants after visiting a market in northern Afghanistan.
The horrific act allegedly took place in the remote village of Larri in Sar-e pul province on Monday by a group of armed men believed to be linked to the Islamic extremist group.
Reuters 3 A group of armed men beheaded an Afghan woman for going out by herself, it is reported (file picture)
Provincial Governor spokesman Zabiullah Amani said the 30-year-old woman was apparently targeted because she "went to the city alone without her husband", the Nation reported.
Amani claims the victim's husband is currently in Iran and the couple don't have children.
Nasima Arzoo, head of the women's affairs department for the area, also confirmed the incident.
3 The incident took place on Monday evening in the remote village of Latti in Sar-e Pul
She said: "The woman was beheaded with a bayonet attached to an AK-47 after an argument with Taliban in her remote village, which is part of the provincial capital."
But according to Khamma Press, an Afghan new agency, Taliban insurgents rejected any involvement saying the woman was beheaded by unidentified gunmen.
No arrests have been made.
Related Stories Comment JEREMY CLARKSON Help fight the Government's plan to silence the free Press – and save your own freedom Latest 'LET HIM OUT FOR XMAS' Wife of Royal Marine A jailed for killing Taliban hopes for 'best Christmas ever' ahead of appeal 'He's a man of integrity' Words of lawyers fighting for release of marine who was jailed for killing Taliban insurgent Bagram blast Taliban suicide bomber kills four Americans at Afghan base in major security breach Video HOSTAGE FAMILY Couple captured by the Taliban in 2012 cradle their two tots BORN in captivity in chilling new hostage video
The Sar-e pul province has been under Taliban control ever since it was captured in 1998.
After coming into power, the Taliban declared that women were forbidden to go to work and were not to leave their homes unless accompanied by a male family member and had to wear an all-covering burqa.
AP:Associated Press 3 Under Taliban rules, women are not allowed to leave their homes unless accompanied by a male family member and also had to wear a full burqa
Earlier this month, a couple kidnapped by the Taliban have described their “nightmare” in a chilling video alongside their two children who were born in captivity.
Canadian Joshua Boyle, 33, and his American wife Caitlan Coleman, 31, were captured four years ago in Afghanistan.
Coleman was seven months pregnant when she and her husband were taken near Kabual when backpacking through central Asia.
Her eldest son is now aged four while it is unclear when her youngest son was born.
Before the release of the video, the children had never been seen in public.
We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368
This weekend CBC launched its Vote Compass for the 2011 Federal Election, and as of this morning they tout that more than 300,000 people have taken the test. The intention of the online tool is to engage people in the political process, letting them see which political party most reflects their views. As the site explains, it "provides users with a sense of how their opinions square with the platforms of the political parties running in the 2011 Canadian federal election. Based on their responses to a series of statements, Vote Compass calculates a user's position in the political landscape and shows them the respective positions of the various parties running in the election."
However, the results users are getting from the tool are creating quite a stir online, as many find the answers don't jive with their political leanings. babble, rabble's discussion board, has taken the tool to task, as posters raise questions about the methodology used to calculate users' political leanings, as "Michelle" comments:
"Actually, the problem is that the questions are very poorly designed. Some of them break the most basic rules of questionnaire-making, and put this survey into the realm of push-polling. I've been fuming about this questionnaire since completing it last night. I actually got NDP as my result, but the Green Party was almost even, and a bunch of my NDP-supporting Facebook friends were pegged as "Green Party".
They have compound questions in the survey -- that is, questions with more than one question in them, but that you have to answer with only one answer.
Example: "The government should fund daycare instead of giving money directly to parents." That's actually two statements, not one, and should be separate questions: "The government should fund daycare" and "The government should not give money directly to parents." Because if you believe the government should fund daycare AND give money directly to parents, there is no way to answer this question. And if you believe the government should not fund daycare AND they should not give money directly to parents, there is also no way to answer it.
And that makes it a trick question. Because anyone who votes NDP will answer this question "Strongly agree" or "Somewhat agree" since we all agree that the Conservatives giving a hundred bucks a month to parents was no fit replacement for universal daycare. But they have placed the NDP into the "neither agree nor disagree" choice because the NDP supports both universal daycare AND giving money directly to parents. If forced to make a choice, you can bet that the NDP would support universal daycare over $100 per month payments to parents, which they roundly criticized at the time. This question makes it seem like the NDP has no position on daycare at all.
It's a scam question. Only the Green Party position (fund daycare INSTEAD of payments to parents) or the Conservative Party position (Give payments directly to parents instead of funding daycare) can be reflected in the answer to the question. The likert scale they use doesn't adequately represent the position of the NDP or Bloc on this question."
Poster "Vansterdam Kid" questions the purpose of the survey altogether:
"...why do they even ask the party and leadership questions, when the point of the test is to determine, based on your answers to the 'issues' questions, who you should vote for? As a joke, I re-calibrated my answers and pretended to be in favour of Quebec getting more power, essentially making it look like I was a separatist, and it still told me I should vote Green.
Out of curiosity I clicked on the party positioning links to see where they assigned each party and I have a few qualms about it.
With regards to the Conservatives they were positioned as somewhat agreeing with increasing Canada's military presence in the Arctic, and only wanting to spend somewhat more on the Military. Both of these positions seem somewhat untrue as they strongly agree with both.
As for their position on government spending, apparently they neither agree nor disagree with the assertion that "when there is an economic problem more government spending usually makes it worse." That's news to me! They only somewhat agree with the assertion that, "The federal budget deficit should be reduced even if it leads to less public services." Again an interesting though debatable claim. As for their position on whether or not "It should be easier to qualify for Employment Insurance" they neither agree nor disagree. I'd say they at least somewhat disagree!"
What do you think? Is Vote Compass miscalibrated? Does it matter?
Join the discussion on babble, or comment below. We want to know what you think!
It's easy to get preoccupied about what goes wrong in politics and forget that there's good news too. Competition is flourishing again.
Many have been frustrated with political outcomes over the last 20 years because of weak or unstable competition. Small-c conservative voters struggled through the Chretien years as their party had splintered and seemed doomed to perpetual failure. Later, progressive voters found themselves splitting votes in ways that elected a conservative government three times.
But if you thought this syndrome might never end, it now looks like it might.
Story continues below advertisement
Heading into the next election, it looks like voters will have three distinct choices, in terms of what kind of government they prefer. People with considerable skill lead all three parties.
Polls, including a detailed survey by Harris Decima recently, offer plenty of insight into what each leader must do to succeed.
Although leader of the Official Opposition, the NDP's Thomas Mulcair is not as well known as the leader of the third party. Roughly 70 per cent have an opinion of him, while 85 per cent have a view of Mr. Trudeau. Winning a larger share of voice is going to be a challenge, given Mr. Trudeau's ability to pull cameras and draw crowds, especially now that the Liberals are ahead in the polls.
Mr. Mulcair has other hills to climb, too.
Of the three main leaders, only 16 per cent think the NDP leader most shares their values. Jack Layton built his success largely on this perception, and it is critical to NDP growth prospects.
Only 14 per cent think Mr. Mulcair is best equipped to handle economic issues, 7 points behind Mr. Trudeau, and 26 points behind Stephen Harper.
The NDP leader risks more leaky support than his rivals: among NDP voters, 25 per cent think Mr. Trudeau most shares their values and would make the best PM.
For Justin Trudeau, the main challenge is the large gap between the 56 per cent who say they like the Liberal leader, and the 30 per cent who are convinced he would make the best PM. This gap is caused by uncertainty about whether he has enough experience, solid judgment and could handle economic issues. His perceived strengths (shares your values, cares about people like you) might be enough to propel his party to second place, but to win in 2015 he will need to work to strengthen perceptions on the weaker indicators.
From a sheer numbers standpoint, the biggest opportunities and risks lie in Ontario and among women. In Ontario, Mr. Trudeau leads Mr. Harper by 8 points on "shares your values" but trails the PM by 5 points on "would make the best PM." Among women, Trudeau has a 15-point lead over Harper on "shares your values." But the lead shrinks to 6 on "would make the best PM".
For Stephen Harper, the math of his path to a fourth straight win is not complicated, but that doesn't mean it's simple. His experience, especially on economic issues, is his strength, but with his party trailing the Liberals with all income and age groups, both genders, urban and rural Canada, he has two alternatives.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
To convince more people that he shares their values.
To undermine confidence in Mr. Trudeau's ability to handle the economy The second option may no longer work so well. So far, CPC attack ads have landed weakly. Even among Conservative voters, 36 per cent maintain a favourable view of Mr. Trudeau; only 52 per cent have an unfavourable view.
Trailing Jack Layton on "shares your values" wasn't a big problem, because most voters weren't prepared to vote in an NDP government. But today, on this attribute, Mr. Harper trails Mr. Trudeau by 15 points among women, 9 points among higher income households, 4 points among those over 50, 19 points in Quebec, and 8 in Ontario. These gaps must be addressed if the Conservative leader is to win again in 2015.
As the leaders tour the country over the summer, they will hear echoes of these polling numbers, and make efforts to strengthen their competitive position. All three parties have access to resources, talented leaders and offer different policy mixes. This bodes well for the electoral season ahead.
Bruce Anderson is one of Canada's leading pollsters and communications strategists. He is a member of the CBC's popular At Issue Panel, a regular Globe blogger, and a founding partner of i2 Ideas and Issues Advertising.
A Palestinian woman wearing a Niqab and a headband that reads in Arabic "There is no God but God and Mohammed is his Prophet," takes part in a demonstration in Damascus on October 9, 2009. Louai Beshara/AFP/Getty Images
Fearing an ever-secular Syria might turn to radical Islam, authorities has quietly banned the niqab, a face-covering veil worn by some Muslim women, in public universities  a move welcomed by most Syrians.
The government, which has always kept a tight lid on Islamic movements, has also possibly forced 1,200 women teachers wearing burqa (the head-to-toe Muslim veil) out of their jobs, or reassigned them to government offices where they would not come into contact with students.
"Minister of Higher Education Ghyath Barakat has given his directives that women wearing niqab would not be allowed to enter the Syrian universities," one informed source told CBS News.
"The Minister has totally rejected these phenomena which contradicts with the academic values and traditional morals and ethics of the Syrian society," the source said, on condition his name would not be used.
"We will not leave our daughters a prey for extremist thoughts. The Syrians have always shown through history their awareness, understanding and the ability for confronting those bad habits," the source quoted Barakat, the Syrian Minister, as telling his top assistants.
The ban, which was not made public in state-run media, does not affect the hijab, or headscarf, which is favored by the vast majority of veiled Syrian women.
The pan-Arab Ba'ath party, which has ruled Syria since 1963, crushed an extremist movement in the 1980s after it launched a string of deadly attacks across the country.
Only about 20% of Syrian women wore hijab in the 1980s; in the 1960s, the headscarf was even rarer.
Today the percentage of students wearing it is much higher, a phenomenon common in much of the Islamic world.
It is not expected that the orders have a chance of becoming law in Syria, though the country is now experiencing a dramatic religious resurgence, according to many analysts.
A new Islamic revivalism is evident among the hitherto moderates, a change clearly fueled by anger over pictures of the occupation of Iraq and violence in the Palestinian territories, beamed into peoples' homes every day.
Islam is a faith of many faces, from the Wahhabis to the Sufis, from Shiites to Sunnis. There are also secular Muslims, of whom there are many in Syria.
The majority of Syrians, of all different age groups, expressed support for getting niqabs and burqas not only out of schools and universities but out of all public places as well.
"Hijabs and niqabs have been a symbol of oppression and religious extremism over the past hundreds of years. They have been a tool used by fundamentalist men to repress women," said Ahmed, a 32-year-old engineer.
"It's unpleasant when you have to conduct a conversation with a woman [when] you can't see her face. You don't know whether she is smiling or sad, happy or angry . . . It is kind of scary, really," he adds.
When similar bans were introduced in Europe, they were widely criticized in the Middle East as discriminatory against Muslim immigrants. But many women's rights organizations in the region  and in Syria specifically  are staffed by secular activists who also share some of the government's fears of radicalization.
"I would like to thank the government for such a brave action. This ban should be applied in all public places. Sometimes, in certain neighborhoods, I feel as if I am walking in Tora Bora, not Damascus," comments Shadi Karim, a travel agent in his mid-40s.
One passer-by in the fancy Abu Roumaneh street said the burqa to him was like a "walking black ghost," while another simply said it had nothing to do with real Islam.
But Mohammed Saad was among those few who said he was against the government's ban, although he pointed out that his sisters do not wear either hijab or the burqa.
"I come from a secular family where you cannot see hijab in our gatherings but, I think, the ban is wrong as it touches personal freedom and certain way of expression," he said while entering the 5-star Four Seasons Hotel, hand-in-hand with his blond wife.
By CBS News' George Baghdadi in Damascus.
Cordesman's advice on conducting "non-wars against non-terrorists" boils down to this: lower your expectations and be patient. In many countries, that way of thinking is of necessity the default. In the US, it isn't. Americans want victory, and they want it now. And if they can't win, they ask, why get involved at all? President Barack Obama said in 2011 Iraq was "sovereign, stable and self-reliant". Credit:Reuters In the foreseeable future, there'll be no victory against jihadism. That's partly because it doesn't pose enough of a threat to justify total war against it. Yet the idea that jihadism poses no threat to the US and can simply be ignored is absurd. The danger can't be crushed; it can only be managed. This means confronting it intelligently and patiently - with allies wherever possible, and always measuring the (uncertain) benefits of action against the (uncertain) costs. George W. Bush's "Mission accomplished" declaration illustrates what Cordesman calls the end-state fallacy - the idea that deep-seated conflicts can be brought neatly to an end. So does President Barack Obama's remark on the US withdrawal from Iraq in 2011: "We're leaving behind a sovereign, stable and self-reliant Iraq." Another fallacy is to organise policy around the idea that every conflict has a good side and a bad side. Foreign policy isn't a morality play. Nouri al-Maliki in Iraq and Hamid Karzai in Afghanistan exemplify this second error. Perhaps, at the time, both men were better than the alternatives. Even if they were, they were bound to remain part of the problem.
These points underscore the difficulties, but they don't argue for standing aside. As long as US intervention can influence outcomes, serving US and wider interests at moderate cost, it makes sense. President Bush flashes a "thumbs-up" after declaring the end of major combat in Iraq in 2003. Credit:AP The US and the world will be safer if the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant - a group that faults al-Qaeda for its moderation - doesn't establish a proto-state straddling the Iraq-Syria border. In my view, that justifies airstrikes against its forces, allied with political demands on Maliki and his government. Part of the calculation is that the costs and risks of airstrikes are limited and commensurate to what can plausibly be achieved. All-out war against this emerging new force doesn't meet that test. Whatever he decides in this case, Obama is certainly inclined to this approach, preferring cold analysis to choosing sides in a war between freedom and people who hate freedom. Witness his statement on Friday, when he said he was looking at options for action against ISIL. Yet it's striking how often he declares wins, however implausibly, and how trapped he sometimes gets in his own simplistic narratives. When the administration rejected Maliki's request for airstrikes earlier this year, you can bet a main reason was: "How do we square this with the claim that we just brought the Iraq war to an end?" It's a claim that should not have been made in the first place. Why was it made? Because of politics, obviously. The pressure to declare victory when nobody has won, to divide factions into fast friends and evil enemies, to ground complex decisions in simple, overriding principles rather than complex trade-offs, isn't self-inflicted. It's imposed by voters. It's all very well to say that leaders need to educate their citizens in the difficulties of foreign policy - which is true - but quite another to do it.
In the US, this civic task gets harder all the time. The political climate is ever less forgiving. According to his critics, George W. Bush wasn't just wrong about Iraq; he lied and betrayed his country. Obama doesn't just disappoint his critics; he disgusts them. Responding to these sentiments and amplifying them at the same time, politicians increasingly find it necessary not just to disagree with each other, but also to repudiate everything their opponents stand for. In this way, US political polarisation tends also to confound security calculations. Cautious realism and strategic patience - the virtues stressed by Cordesman in meeting the new security demands - are hard to practise under the best of conditions. The first requires a space for doubt and good-faith disagreement, which are increasingly frowned upon. The second requires a policy sustained from one administration to the next, not wholesale rejection of what went before. Loading It's an open question whether US politics is capable of delivering the foreign policy the country now needs. Bloomberg
Share. With FOX prepping a remake, the O.G. John Luther will return for more. With FOX prepping a remake, the O.G. John Luther will return for more.
On the immediate heels of the news that FOX had ordered a pilot for a U.S. remake of Luther, with creator Neil Cross and star of the original series Idris Elba both producing, comes the announcement that the U.K.'s Luther series will return for two new installments in 2015!
Yes, Idris Elba will make a welcome return to BBC One and BBC America next year to reprise his role of DCI John Luther, the murder detective whose brilliant mind can't always save him from the dangerous violence of his passions.
When asked about the much anticipated return of the hugely popular show, creator Cross said: "Ever since we said goodbye to John Luther on Southwark Bridge, there's hardly been a minute when I didn't wonder what happened next. So I decided to find out. We're putting the band back together; Luther is coming back where he belongs. Back to the BBC. Back to London. And back to work."
Luther will return as a two-part event special and will film in and around London in March and will premiere later next year on BBC One in the UK and BBC America.
There's no word at this time about whether or not Ruth Wilson, who's currently starring on Showtime's The Affair, will be back as Alice Morgan.
Matt Fowler is a writer for IGN. Follow him on Twitter at @TheMattFowler and Facebook at Facebook.com/Showrenity.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny has described revelations that the former head of the Central Remedial Clinic (CRC) received a secret €742,000 retirement pay-off as appalling.
Speaking at an event in Dublin tonight, Mr Kenny said the financial practices of the charity were “indicative of a time in Irish politics” that he hoped was long gone.
Health chiefs will attempt to claw back some of the €742,000 retirement pay-off secured by former CRC head Paul Kiely.
Mr Kiely was giventhe package after he left his post as chief executive of the clinic in June last year with a clause stipulating that the deal was to be kept secret.
The Public Accounts Committee has been told today that the deal included €200,000 tax free, €273,336 which was taxable and €268,689 paid into Mr Kiely's pension fund.
The third payment was intended to make sure the former clinic chief had a pension pot as though he had remained in the senior post up until November 2016.
The committee heard detail of the package from the Health Service Executive (HSE) today and also questioned Brian Conlan, who took over as chief executive of the CRC after Mr Kiely's departure.
He was only in the job for four months when he resigned as the scandal broke over the top-ups for executives at the clinic.
Mr Conlan said he was on honeymoon in the US for three weeks when the controversy emerged late last year and also claimed he was under intense stress, was forced to move out of his house for several days to avoid the media and then stepped down from the role as the committee sought to question him over the remuneration issue.
Mr Conlan, who was chief executive of the Mater Hospital for eight years before he joined the CRC, claimed he was not party to discussions on Mr Kiely's pension top-up or signing off on a confidentiality clause to keep it secret.
He was a member of the board at the time and sat on the CRC audit committee but claimed he did not attend that specific meeting and did not read the minutes of the meeting.
“I was not at the board meeting,” he said.
“What I'm saying to you is that I was not aware that these payments were being made to Mr Kiely. I was not aware of the payment. This is completely new to me. And I am as surprised as anybody at what has transpired here today.”
Mr Conlan said there was no information on the deal in any files he saw in the four months he was chief executive.
Independent TD Shane Ross, a member of the Public Accounts Committee, said he was “gobsmacked” and told Mr Conlan he did not believe his evidence.
“There was obviously an intention that this should never see the light of day,” he said.
Barry O'Brien, HSE national director for human resources, told the committee that it would attempt to recover some monies paid to Mr Kiely as part of his retirement if they are found not to be “reasonable and proper”.
Mr Kiely retired on a pension of about €90,000 a year from a private scheme - which was also propped up by a €3 million loan from donations paid to the CRC.
The committee was told today that his €750,000 retirement package was not paid out of the €3 million fund.
In December, after he had confirmed his resignation as a board member of the
CRC, Mr Kiely told the committee that he received a €200,000 pay-off on top of his salary after stepping down as chief executive.
Mr Kiely has already been told to apologise to the committee after he gave evidence of about a pension fund and an alleged “fee” paid to the Mater hospital.
He claimed that he handed over a cheque every year for about €600,000 to the Mater hospital in a supposed “mystery deal” which the hospital later clarified was for pensions for all CRC staff.
The committee warned that his evidence has done significant damage to the hospital and to the CRC as both raise valuable funds through donations.
Later, Kieran O'Donnell, Fine Gael TD, said the HSE's report on Mr Kiely's pension was “pure dynamite” and asked for him to be recalled to answer for it.
“I think it's an affront to the Public Accounts Committee, the people who we represent, the citizens, the taxpayers, the people who provide hard pressed funds, people who collect up and down the country for the CRC,” he said.
The committee has also been told that the 750,000 euro retirement package could not have been paid without money coming from the Friends and Supporters of the CRC - the group which brought in charitable and public donations to help the running of the clinic.
Mr Conlan said: “I did not know that the money was being used to fund Paul Kiely's pension. “When I joined the CRC first I had other priorities.
“My understanding was that Paul Kiely's pension had been sorted (as he explained to the committee that it was €200,000).
“I'm telling you the truth. I was not aware of this payment going through. I was the new CEO and I was finding my feet.”
In a statement issued at the start of the hearing Mr Conlan had said it was inaccurate to suggest money donated by the public was transferred directly into salaries of senior executives at the organisation.
Mr Conlan also said he wanted to address the public perception that charitabledonations were siphoned off specifically to pay for additional salary allowances for executives.
He said that was never his understanding in relation to how funds were managed.
“The CRC pools all its revenue from many sources each year into one fund and applies them jointly to the central overheads which includes some salary allowances.
“Of course, all monies received by CRC is public monies of one form or another and there is no support for salary payments in excess of HSE pay scales - but I think the idea that there was a transfer of monies from public donations directly into the salaries of a number of executives is inaccurate in itself.”
Mr Conlan said in his statement to the PAC that he was not responsible for his appointment to the top position and was not responsible for the level of salary he was offered.
He said when the post of chief executive of the CRC became available last April he felt he was “very qualified to apply” as he had served on the board of the organisation for eight years and had run the Mater Hospital for several years.
Meanwhile, the St Vincent's Healthcare Group has said that it is willing to adapt its current arrangements for paying its senior executives in an attempt to reach an agreement with the HSE on compliance with public service remuneration rules.
In a statement to the PAC ahead of its meeting today, the chairman of the group, Prof Noel Whelan, said that it was in discussions with the HSE, which it hoped would lead to an agreed process but there were complex issues to be worked out. He said the group had to ensure that the law was upheld.
“Subject to the early successful outcome of the process, the net result should be that there will be no pay compliance issues with the HSE, the salary of the group chief executive officer will be paid entirely from funds generated by the private hospital and the roles of group chief executive and chief executive of St Vincent's University Hospital will not be occupied by the same manager,” he said.
Just before Christmas the St Vincent's Healthcare Group confirmed its chief executive, Nicholas Jermyn, was receiving a total package of more than €292,000 a year.
Addditional reporting: PA
Mayor Rob Ford has quit his public diet three weeks before the scheduled end of his high-profile weight loss campaign. The weigh-ins were part of the “Cut the Waist Challenge” the mayor himself launched with great fanfare in January. The challenge, which was supposed to end on June 18, has its own logo and website. A banner promoting it (“Join!!! Mayor Ford's Cut the Waist Challenge!”) hangs on the front window of the mayor's City Hall office, near the industrial scale Ford had placed in the hallway near the door.
Mayor Rob Ford drew praise from across the political spectrum when he launched his weight-loss campaign with great fanfare in January. It was supposed to end next month. ( CARLOS OSORIO / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
Ford drew praise and support from across the political spectrum, and from nutrition experts and medical professionals, for risking his pride to embark on a public effort to get healthier — though skeptics suggested the campaign was a calculated effort to both soften his bulldozer image and reinforce his political brand as a waste-reducer. The weekly weigh-ins drew intense media interest, in part because they were the only regular opportunity reporters had to ask Ford questions. They also prompted residents to scrutinize Ford's every public meal. In April, someone filmed and mocked him as he entered a KFC outlet; on Saturday night, others posted Twitter messages about his visit to McDonald's. “Aren't you supposed to be losing weight lol I'm not understanding this,” one McDonald's patron tweeted.
Article Continued Below
Ford originally framed the campaign as a charity fundraising initiative, and he invited residents to pledge per-pound-lost donations to charities of their choice. He didn't mention the charity component of the campaign on Sunday. Ford began the campaign at 330 pounds, saying he wanted to lose 50 by June 18. He shed 22 in a month, exercising frequently and “eating like a rabbit,” then plateaued and began gaining. He weighed 314 pounds, up four from the week prior, when he last weighed in on May 8. Registered dietitian Mary Bamford said Ford's effort shouldn't be seen as a failure but simply “part of the process.” Like smokers, Bamford said, overweight people often need to make multiple attempts to dramatically change their habits. “It's an unhelpful cultural belief that it takes one attempt,” she said.
Erotic Service Providers Legal, Education and Research Project
Research Evaluation Tool©
This research evaluation tool will help the public, the media and our community to learn how to gauge if the research they've read or are embarking on or participating in meets this new standard as to increase respect, inclusion and relevance. Basic research must operate from ethics. There are a few golden rules in research: 1) “Do no harm,” 2) informed consent, and 3) voluntary participation
The pubic, the media and our community benefits with this tool to help gauge in what manner research was and is being created, administered and interpreted on our behalf. This is especially important in light of the long history of suppression at any cost that has left us vulnerable to violence and marginalized our voices to the point to where we are rarely ever consulted on the direction, the perspective or the consequences of such research on our class.
1. Is it community-based participatory research?
Community-based participatory research (CBPR) is a collaborative approach with equal partnership between trained academic researchers and members of a community. CBPR means that the affected community was involved in creating and administering the questions, helped decide the scope, was afforded the opportunity to interpret the results and to decide the manner in which to release the results as to insure no unintentional harm happens.
2. Is there an IRB? How does the Institutional Review Board (IRB) protect human participants?
An Institutional Review Board (IRB) is a federally mandated panel that is charged with overseeing the protection of human participants as well as weighing the relative risks and benefits of research. IRBs typically consist of members from a variety of academic disciplines and most also include representatives from the community in which they reside. Research that is conducted with humans (as well as other animals) through a college or university, such as by a college student or professor, or any institution that receives federal funding is required to be submitted to and approved by their home institution's IRB before being conducted. IRBs have authority to approve, require modification to, or disapprove all research activities involving human subjects. Following initial approval, IRBs must conduct periodic reviews of the research. The researcher should have a copy of their IRB approval with a protocol number. It is the researchers' responsibility to follow the protocol as reviewed and approved. Many professional associations have their own ethical standards as well.
Research should not cause physical harm. The potential for psychological or emotional harm must be carefully weighed in relation to the benefits of the research. This becomes a little more complicated as asking people questions about certain subjects could result in them becoming upset, e.g. attitudes about abortion. Overall, people must be safe. Those participating in a study are often told they will encounter no more harm than they are likely to experience in everyday life.
3. Informed consent: What is it, and why it's important in increasing respect, inclusion and relevance. How its obtained, how to revoke it.
People have a right to know they are participating in a study and of what that study will consist. This is pretty straightforward when a person is asked to be interviewed or to complete a survey. A researcher may read to you or have you read the informed consent. However, a researcher can obtain permission as an observer or participant observer at a particular site without having to inform every person that comes through that location that they are conducting research. So if erotic service providers and members of our larger communities encounter a researcher in the course of receiving social or judicial services for example, it may be important to ask if the contents of your conversation will be included in any research piece.
Since part of our mission statement is about archiving and rating research on erotic service providers and our larger communities, we offer an evaluation system by which researchers can submit their work to help educate the public, the media and our communities about what inclusive, respectful and relevant research looks like as to increase empowerment, privacy and lessen discrimination when using research to craft public policy regarding erotic service providers and our larger community.
4. Voluntary participation:
This usually goes hand-in-hand with informed consent. People have a right to decide if they want to participate in a study. They can also stop participating at any point with no penalty. You can always refuse to answer a question or withdraw your participation completely. Since part of our mission statement is about archiving and rating research on erotic service providers and our larger communities, we offer an evaluation system by which researchers can submit their work to help educate the public, the media and our communities about what inclusive, respectful and relevant research looks like as to increase empowerment, privacy and lessen discrimination when using research to craft public policy regarding erotic service providers and our larger community.
5. Is the research comparative?
Good research does not need always need to be comparative as sometimes comparisons can be more stigmatizing because they assume a “normal” group, non sex worker group to be compared to the “deviant” sex workers. researchers must always candidly point out the differences in the way the studies were done that may lead to unequal results and make them difficult to compare meaningfully. Since erotic service work is essentially a revenue-generating activity, we insist on employing approaches that compare erotic service work with other sexual service work and other forms of service sector work so as not to re stigmatize ourselves as perpetual victims and perpetrators. In this way it will insure that our community isn't going to be re-stigmatized and traumatized by the untrained and carless professionals making unqualified statements
6. Privacy-how is the researcher/investigators going to protect my privacy? What are their legal obligations?
Research relies on the trust and good faith of their participants therefore they should always act towards us with respect as many of us have tenuous legal situations and status not to mention the always present risk of exposure to negative social stigma and real life discrimination. Research participants can participate anonymously as getting accurate information is paramount to informing ourselves about us. (We, ESPLERP acting in partnership will be keeping all the ‘raw data' so as not put researchers in a legal situation but this is an internal policy not to be published).
7. Has the research been peer review?
Academic researcher at universities may publish their findings in professional journals of their peers who are made up of other university academics like themselves. Academic in the same field verify the means upon which the questions and methodology were used to lessen the possibility of bias as to maintain the integrity of the research results. Some researchers are not associated with an intuition like universities. They represent an independent class that is available for higher. The reports they generate are not peer reviewed. Our community has suffered at the hands of these later types employed by our political foes to manufacture information to further stigmatize and discriminate against us. Their questionable methodology is rarely exposed to the public while their results may take on legendary proportions.
ABOUT US
ESPLER is a diverse community-based erotic service provider led group which seeks to empower the erotic community and advance sexual privacy rights through legal advocacy, education, and research. In our legal advocacy, we seek to create change through a combination of impact litigation, policy statements, and voicing our concerns for our community in political arenas. Through educational trainings and outreach, we will empower and build the capacity to address discrimination of erotic service providers and the greater erotic community. Lastly, we strive to archive and rate much of the research which has been done by and of the sex worker community, and build on this history with research which seeks to be increasingly inclusive, respectful, and ultimately, relevant to the erotic service providers and the larger erotic community.
@all rights reserved
ESPLERP Evaluation Tool© PDF
Further Resources
National Institutes of Health Ethical: Research Involving Human Subjects, Guidelines & Regulations
No Beer Goggles For Baseball Stadium Brew Prices
Enlarge this image toggle caption Patrick Semansky/AP Patrick Semansky/AP
Change has been the story of the season for the Miami Marlins, formerly the Florida Marlins. With a new coach, a new name, new team colors and a new stadium the baseball team set a franchise record for winning games in May.
But one tradition isn't changing anytime soon: beer. Ordering a beer at a baseball game is as American as apple pie. So is forking over a small fortune for that beer.
According to an analysis by TheStreet.com, the most expensive beer of any baseball stadium is sold at the new Marlins Park, where baseball fans pay $8 for a Bud Light draft.
"It's kind of weird," said Shane Marinelli, a student at Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton who was visiting Marlins Park for the first time. "I'm used to, like, $3 pitcher nights and, like, dollar beers and stuff. But I have no choice."
Marinelli works a part-time job at a sporting goods store where an $8 beer is "an hour of work, on average," he says. "It's expensive, man!"
But the problem with TheStreet.com report is that some stadiums have bigger cups than others.
Marlins Park, for example, has a 20-ounce cup. Ounce for ounce, Miami's not even in the top 10 for expensive beer, and Marlins officials are quick to point that out.
"You know we did not want to be the high and certainly did not want to be the low and we knew we'd be somewhere in between," says Claude Delorme, the Marlins executive vice president for operations and events.
He says the Marlins could be charging a lot more — customers in Miami have been trained to expect expensive drinks. You go to a nightclub and the markup on a bottle of vodka might be 4,000 percent. In that sense, the 800 percent markup on Bud Light at Marlins Park could be much worse.
But still, why does it need to be so expensive inside the stadium?
"Well, when you look at it, the pricing reflects basically the total cost of the operations including our players," he says.
That's the official company line.
But maybe Jon Greenberg from Team Marketing Report, which collects data on stadium beer prices, has a more gratifying answer?
"Well, because they've got you there," Greenberg says. "It's just like any amusement park, any zoo, any movie theater. You're kind of a captive audience."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jamie Squire/Getty Images Jamie Squire/Getty Images
He says aside from a brief hiccup during the recession, the only trend in stadium beer is that prices go up.
Since 2000, the average price of a ballpark beer has jumped almost $2.
It's even worse in St. Louis, one of the most beer-centric places in the country. Anheuser-Busch is headquartered there and the local paper has a beer reporter.
"When you go Busch Stadium and you see the Clydesdales trot out at the beginning of the game and you see the Anheuser-Busch and Budweiser ads everywhere, you definitely get a sense of place," says Evan Benn, who writes the Hip Hops blog for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Benn says ordering beer at Busch Stadium is a matter of local pride.
But at 56 cents an ounce, St. Louis is second only to Boston for the priciest ballpark brew in the country.
"I think it might cause you to nurse it a little bit longer and make every last ounce count," says Benn.
That's how college student Marinelli planned to make his beer last him through the Marlins game: slow sips.
Git Source Code Review: Diff Algorithms
I love you Hoi-En. To find the differences between two "things" is a difficult task that Git has to perform very often:
Find the differences between two binaries files in order to generate a delta.
Find the differences between two text files in order to merge properly.
Find the differences between two text files in order to display it.
Find the differences between two commands in order to find typos.
Here is a summary of all the algorithms used with an associated genesis.
Part 1: Overview
Part 2: Genesis Part 3: Architecture Part 4: Algorithms for DIFF
Diff on text
Find the difference between text files is something Git has to do the most commonly :
Look at the difference between index and working directory: git diff file.txt .
. Compare the change between two commits: git diff commitBefore commitAfter
Generate a patch : git format-patch master --stdout > mypatch.patch .
The first implementation simply leveraged the system diff executable via a call to popen in show-diff.c . diff is a very famous and ubiquitous tool in the Linux world originally developed in the early 1970 for Unix. Its first version used Hunt–McIlroy algorithm. The core algorithm was later notoriously improved thanks to the work of Eugene W. Myers and Webb Miller, work extensively document in the papers: An O(ND) Difference Algorithm and its Variations by Eugene W. Myers and A File Comparison Program by Webb Miller and Myers.
The two most important metrics for diff operations are:
Speed Quality
Effort on Speed :
System diff not only consumed a fork / exec , it also required a lot of useless access disks because of temporary data. A builtin diff module was needed and implemented in March 2006 patch which introduced the xdiff folder containing a simplified version of libxdiff:
Since libxdiff used Eugene W. Myers's algorithm, the diff strategy was called myers . To this day it is still the default way git perform all diffs on text.
Effort on Quality :
If speed is an easy metric to understand and benchmark, quality is subjective and not intuitive. Take for example two versions of a file where a developer simply added a method functhreehalves in the middle. There are two way to reconstruct the change but one is of much higher quality because it clearly shows what was added where the other seems to indicate something was modified.
$diff -y file2 file1 void func1() { void func1() { x += 1 x += 1 } } > void functhreehalves() { > x += 1.5 > } > void func2() { void func2() { x += 2 x += 2 } } $diff -y file2 file1 void func1() { void func1() { x += 1 x += 1 } > } > > void functhreehalves() { > x += 1.5 } void func2() { void func2() { x += 2 x += 2 } }
The discussion started in [PATCH 0/3] Teach Git about the patience diff algorithm where quality between git's myers and bazar's patience were compared. Since patience algorithm seemed to provide a better quality on specific input it was shortly added in a patch that modified further xdiff :
You can find more documentation on patience algorithm from the author himself Bram Cohen (yes, the guy who also invented Bittorrent): Patience Diff Advantages and Patience Diff, a brief summary.
Further work was done by people from jgit project (which is a Java/Eclipse based). Their histogram based technique was supposed to be faster than myers while still based on Cohen's four rules found in patience (best of both world). A patch was eventually submitted:
Note :
myers
histogram
patience
Note :
minimal
Minimal
Trivia :
Trivia :
GIT_EXTERNAL_DIFF
main (git.c) cmd_diff (builtin/diff.c) builtin_diff_files (builtin/pack-objects.c) run_diff_files (diff-lib.c) xdi_diff_outf (xdiff-interface.c) xdi_diff (xdiff-interface.c) xdl_diff (xdiff/xdiffi.c) xdl_do_diff (xdiff/xdiffi.c) xdl_do_patience_diff xdl_do_histogram_diff meyes meyes mininmal
Diff on binaries (deltas)
So which diff strategy should be used? I personally have always used the default ().andseem to provide better output on specific case but they are so marginal and poorly documented that it is impossible to know when they will be good withiout trial/errors. If non-obsolete test cases could be provided users could probably make educated decisions.There is a fourth diff strategy calledwhich is actually an extended version of myers: If no minimal diff is requested the myers algo simply returns . But if minimal is requested, the algorithm will iterate until a certain amount of CPU time has been consumed and keep the "best" diff. Best being the smallest diff.was always part of xlibdiff and came with the first "speed" patch mentioned earlier.This need for speed also triggered the creation of a performance testing framework for diff strategies.diff is such an important feature that git developer even allow user to use their own external custom engine via thevariable ( Using Git diff to detect code movement ).To finish on text diff, and example of trace trace execution that I found useful:
The initial architecture of Git was: one text file => one sha1 => one deflated blob. The only drawback was HD storage consumption but "disk is cheap" was a fair approach and things worked well this way for a while. But big repositories suffered when being cloned across a network and all those blobs required a lot of disk access.
The topic RFC: adding xdelta compression to git raised those issues and in the end it was decided that storage was cheap but bandwidth and I/O were not. The xdelta lib was briefly considered but a customized version of xlibdiff was favored and added to xdiff.
Since binary files miss the CR character used to build atomic units in text algorithm (lines), different heuristic can be used in order to cut the stream. Set length of 48 bytes is an approach but git used adler32 before being replaced later with Rabin's Fingerprinting by random polynomials in an other patch:
Rabin's fingerprint technique was a big improvement since the sliding window allowed to detect short addition at the beginning of a zip and keep deltas tiny.
To finish with binary diff, here is the execution path of pack creation :
main (git.c) cmd_pack_objects (builtin/pack-objects.c) prepare_pack (builtin/pack-objects.c) ll_find_deltas (builtin/pack-objects.c) threaded_find_deltas (builtin/pack-objects.c) find_deltas (builtin/pack-objects.c) try_delta (builtin/pack-objects.c) create_delta (diff-delta.c)
Diff on command-line
git sometimes is not interested by the exact difference but rather by the distance between two strings. In 2008 was introduced a "suggestion" feature :
That is how the dispatcher seen in the architecture part is able to provide suggestions when a typo is suspected :
$git adt test.txt git: 'adt' is not a git command. See 'git --help'. Did you mean this? add
Word suggestion are generated by calculating an edit distance for each known builtin command using levenshtein distance . Found in levenshtein.c , it is a nice example of dynamic programming.
diffcore, xdiff, xdelta ... what ?
Just to summarize (because I was confused when I started) :
xdelta: A binary diff library which was considered but NOT used in Git.
xdiff: The text diff module of git. Originally based on libxdiff butthe current code in Git doesn't bear any resemblance with the libxdiff code at all. However the basic algorithm behind both implementations is the same..
butthe current code in Git doesn't bear any resemblance with the libxdiff code at all. However the basic algorithm behind both implementations is the same.. diffcore: A module of git that transforms the diff format after it has been generated.
Next
To be published: Git internal algorithms for graphs and merge operation.
Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Fabien Sanglard @2014
Some Toronto law firms and in-house lawyers are also delegating high volume, repetitive work to lawyers in countries like India and the Philippines. Contract reviews, drafting standard documents, and summarizing electronic discovery transcripts are all legal projects suitable for outsourcing abroad.
When you think of jobs that move offshore to countries with lower labour costs, information technology, call centres and manufacturing come to mind. But legal work?
Six years ago Gavin Birer was vice president of legal and business affairs at the foreign exchange company Travelex when he began considering better and more efficient ways to complete routine, repetitive legal tasks.
That's because a lawyer in India charging $25 per hour is well paid by local standards but much cheaper than a Canadian lawyer who bills hundreds of dollars an hour.
Birer discovered that India was already a major legal outsourcing destination because the country had English-speaking lawyers with common law training. “I was surprised to learn that these less expensive offshore lawyers were doing quality work and turning it around quickly and efficiently.”
As an in-house lawyer he had limited people available to do the work and a limited budget to delegate work to external law firms. Therefore he began investigating different models for outsourcing this type of legal services.
Legalwise now employs 35 full-time lawyers in Bangalore, India and additional lawyers are hired on contract depending on client needs.
Later in 2006 he set up the Canadian company Legalwise Outsourcing Inc. but he proceeded cautiously. Initially he sub-contracted work from his Canadian clients through a large U.S. legal company with offices and lawyers in India. But by early 2008, he started hiring his own legal team.
All new hires have three-year Indian law degrees, but the company gives them additional training using materials developed for the Ontario Bar Admissions course. They also learn on the job, based on the requirements of the specific project.
The majority of Birer's clients are internal law departments of companies with their headquarters in Toronto but he also works with law firms.
“Generally our clients are ongoing and they give us work that is volume-oriented. We recently did a project for an international publishing company that needed us to review thousands of their contracts for specific clauses.” he says.
He bills clients $25 to $30 an hour. However, the 2012 Canadian Lawyer Legal Fee Survey reports that the average hourly rates for Ontario lawyers range from $243 for new graduates to $365 for lawyers practising for 10 years.
Prospective clients considering legal outsourcing abroad always ask about quality control and privacy, but Birer says the processes he has put in place fully address these issues.
“Every piece of work is thoroughly reviewed by both a quality team in Bangalore and Legalwise's Canadian team before it goes to the client. Our information management system is also in Canada and it is accessed by Indian lawyers via a secure connection.”
Legalwise focuses on offshoring, but there are local companies that provide outsourcing services using Canadian lawyers. Stephen Taran started the legal outsourcing network TVA in 1997. He has a network of about 75 lawyers who are independent contractors available to provide agency services for law firms, companies and government departments.
He says one reason outsourcing to Ontario lawyers can be more attractive for law firms is because law society rules allow them to increase the actual amount they paid out when they charge their own clients so they make money on the deal. In contrast, exact fees paid to foreign lawyers have to be charged as disbursements.
This means that if TVA pays the contract lawyer $150/hour, TVA can charge its lawyer client $175/hour and the lawyer retaining TVA can in turn charge his client $200/hour.
But Birer doesn't see this as a problem, particularly for in-house legal departments that have embraced legal process outsourcing as a way to ration scarce legal resources and not as a method of generating income.
The hourly rate billed by Indian lawyers may be low as compared to Canadian rates but the future is bright for those who land jobs with LPOs. Because in India there are only five large national law firms of more than 200 lawyers and around 30 to 50 mid-size law firms with more than 20 lawyers, the market for lawyers working in law firms is limited. The vast majority of law graduates are left to practice as sole practitioners.
Raghunath Kanwa joined Legalwise in 2008. He likes the variety of the work and the international contact. He also says that in addition to a competitive, very stable income, the company offers opportunities for advancement and great work/life balance. After only five years, he is the Managing Director of the company's Indian operation.
As offshoring for various services has matured there has been upward pressure on the cost of labour. However, Birer is not worried about wage inflation because Indian law schools are graduating 60,000-70,000 new lawyers every year.
In June 2012 Ontario licensed 1,362 lawyers to practice law. At that time, 25 per cent did not have a job related to their profession.
Related: RBC offshore controversy
sheryl@sherylsmolkin.com
-- NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, at Mars since 2006, has now orbited the Red Planet more than 40,000 times
-- The continuing mission studies the whole planet and has shown that Mars is diverse and dynamic
NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter passed a mission milestone of 40,000 orbits on Feb. 7, 2015, in its ninth year of returning information about the atmosphere, surface and subsurface of Mars, from equatorial to polar latitudes.
The mission's potent science instruments and extended lifespan have revealed that Mars is a world more dynamic and diverse than was previously realized. Now in its fourth mission extension after a two-year prime mission, the orbiter is investigating seasonal and longer-term changes, including some warm-season flows that are the strongest evidence so far for liquid water on Mars today.
The orbiter has returned 247 terabits of data, which is more than the combined total from every other mission that has ever departed Earth to visit another planet.
It circles Mars at an altitude of about 186 miles (300 kilometers), on a near-polar pattern, about 12 times a day. In its 40,000 orbits, the spacecraft has flown nearly twice as far as the 310 million miles (500 million kilometers) it flew during its 2006 journey from Earth to Mars.
The mission has illuminated three very different periods of Mars history. Its observations of the heavily cratered terrains of Mars, the oldest on the planet, show that different types of ancient watery environments formed water-related minerals. Some of these environments would have been more favorable for life than others.
In more recent times, water appears to have cycled as a gas between polar ice deposits and lower-latitude deposits of ice and snow. Extensive layering in ice or rock probably took at least hundreds of thousands, and possibly millions of years to form. Like ice ages on Earth, the layering is linked to cyclic changes in the tilt of the planet's rotation axis and the changing intensity of sunlight near the poles.
Mars' present climate is also dynamic, with volatile carbon dioxide and, just possibly, summertime liquid water modifying gullies and forming new streaks. With observations of new craters, avalanches and dust storms, the orbiter has shown a partially frozen world, but not frozen in time, as change continues today.
In addition to accomplishing its own science achievements, the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter mission provides communication relay for missions on the surface of Mars and evaluates potential landing site candidates for surface missions.
Two other active NASA spacecraft are currently orbiting Mars -- Mars Odyssey since 2001, and MAVEN (Mars Atmosphere and Volatile Evolution) since last year. Two NASA rovers -- Opportunity and Curiosity -- are active on the surface. These robotic missions and others in development are paving the way for human-crew Mars missions in the 2030s and beyond as part of NASA's Journey to Mars strategy.
NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology, Pasadena, manages the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter for NASA's Science Mission Directorate, Washington. Lockheed Martin Space Systems, Denver, built the orbiter and collaborates with JPL to operate it. For more information about the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter, visit:
http://www.nasa.gov/mro
http://mars.jpl.nasa.gov/mro/
News Media Contact
Guy WebsterJet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.818-354-6278guy.webster@jpl.nasa.gov2015-054
Bernie "Wealth Inequality" Sanders
By now we all know that Bernie Sanders hates big banks. In yet another rousing speech during his visit to New York on Tuesday, he again promised to bring doom to Wall Street if elected: “Here is a New Year's resolution that I will keep if elected president, and that is, if Wall Street does not end its greed, we will end it for them.” To do this, Sanders wants to “structurally reform the Federal Reserve to make it a more democratic institution responsive to the needs of ordinary Americans.” He wants the Fed to act with the same urgency to fight unemployment and low wages as it did on the eve of Wall Street's collapse.
Listening to his familiar tirade, one question arises: Does Bernie Sanders ever talk about anything else? The answer, according to a profile of the senator in Bloomberg Businessweek, is no.
When asked point-blank by Bloomberg Businessweek's Joel Stein if he has other interests, Sanders replied, “History. How communities thrive. How they flourish. How people don't get left behind. How social change takes place.” “In other words,” says Stein, “the history of wealth inequality.” Two people who consider Sanders a close friend, Senator Jim Inhofe and Huck Gutman, his former chief of staff, both list wealth inequality as Sanders's only interest.
“With everyone else in the Senate, they'll discuss the Oklahoma-Oklahoma State game,” Inhofe says. “But not Bernie. I don't think he has any other interests. I really don't. I've never heard him talk about anything besides something legislative he's all wrapped up in. It's very unusual.” Inhofe pauses. “I, to this day, don't even know if he has grandkids. Or even a wife.” The two have never gone to dinner or lunch. “I don't know what we'd talk about,” Inhofe says, before remembering that, of course, Sanders would talk about wealth inequality. “You can't have a whole dinner talking about that.”
Gutman says Sanders used to have two interests: playing basketball and wealth inequality. Then he stopped playing basketball. “Most of us think there are a lot of things in life that are interesting and worth working on,” he says. “But Bernie says, ‘No, no, no. The struggle for equality is what my life is about.' He's not a liberal. He's not a good-doer. He's consumed by what he thinks is the struggle for equality.”
As a guest on Thursday's The Late Show, Mass. Senator Elizabeth Warren gave host Stephen Colbert and his viewers a glimpse of what her speech might look like next week when she speaks at the Democratic National Convention.
“Donald Trump is a bad guy,” she said. “I'm going with that.”
Colbert pointed out that the senator has expressed this opinion a few times before. He read off a series of Warren's tweets directed at Trump in which she called him out on various aspects of his candidacy. (You can read some of said tweets here, here, and here.)
Advertisement
“Are you bullying him here?” Colbert asked.
“Oh, boo-hoo,” she responded. “Are you kidding? Oh, that poor little billionaire. Did I hurt his feelings? By talking about his policies that he doesn't have? Come on, give me a break here. This is a guy who just went on national television and said basically to all of America, ‘Be afraid of each other.' And you listen to a speech like that, and I don't know how there's anybody left in America who isn't afraid of Donald Trump.”
And that was just a glimpse of her DMC speech. Elizabeth Warren is not holding back.
Saudi Arabia has agreed to buy about $7 billion worth of precision guided munitions from U.S. defense contractors, sources familiar with the matter said, a deal that some lawmakers may object to over American weapons having contributed to civilian deaths in the Saudi campaign in Yemen.
Raytheon (rtn) and Boeing (ba) are the companies selected, the sources said, in a deal that was part of a $110 billion weapons agreement that coincided with President Donald Trump's visit to Saudi Arabia in May.
Both companies declined comment on the weapons sale.
Arms sales to the kingdom and other Gulf Cooperation Council member states have become increasingly contentious in the U.S. Congress, which must approve such sales.
The U.S. State Department has yet to formally notify Congress of the precision guided munitions deal.
“We do not comment to confirm or deny sales until they are formally notified to Congress,” a State Department official said, adding the U.S. government will take into account factors “including regional balance and human rights as well as the impact on the U.S. defense industrial base.”
The Yemen civil war pits Iran-allied Houthi rebels against the government backed by a Saudi-led Arab coalition. Nearly 4,800 civilians have been killed since March 2015, the United Nations said in March.
Saudi Arabia has either denied attacks or cited the presence of fighters in the targeted areas and has said it has tried to reduce civilian casualties.
Saudi Arabia's Ambassador to Washington, Prince Khalid bin Salman declined to comment on the specific sale, but said in a statement his country will follow through on the agreements signed during Trump's visit.
He said that while the kingdom has always chosen the United States for weapons purchases, .”.. Saudi Arabia's market selection remains a choice and is committed to defending its security.”
Trump, a Republican who views weapons sales as a way to create jobs in the United States, has announced billions of dollars in arms sales since taking office in January.
A U.S. government official who spoke on condition of anonymity said the agreement is designed to cover a 10-year period and it could be years before actual transfers of weapons take place.
The agreement could be held up in Congress, where Bob Corker, the Republican chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, announced in June that he would block arms sales to Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates and other members of the GCC, over a dispute with Qatar, another U.S. ally in the Gulf.
In November 2016, the administration of President Barack Obama, a Democrat, halted the sale of $1.29 billion worth of precision guided weapons because of concerns about the extent of civilian casualties in Yemen.
That sale process started in 2015 and included more than 8,000 Laser Guided Bombs for the Royal Saudi Air Force. The package also included more than 10,000 general purpose bombs, and more than 5,000 tail kits used to inexpensively convert “dumb” bombs into laser or GPS-guided weapons.
U.S. lawmakers have grown increasingly critical of the Saudi-led campaign in Yemen. The coalition had briefly banned naval, air and land transportation to Yemen following a missile fired by the Houthis that was shot down over the Saudi capital Riyadh.
The Senate in June voted 53 to 47 to narrowly defeat legislation that sought to block portions of the 2015 package.
David Des Roches, a senior military fellow at the Near East South Asia Center for Security Studies in Washington was aware of the deal but said the Saudis “are one errant strike away from moving five or six senators over to the other side.”
Denying Saudi Arabia precision guided munitions was unlikely to change their behavior, he said.
“Saudi Arabia has shown they will fight in Yemen and they're going to keep on fighting in Yemen regardless of what we think,” Des Roches said
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Air Bonsai is comprised of two components: the top half “little star” and bottom half "energy base”.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Air Bonsai incorporates both floating and rotating functions.
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Watch how to transplant your favorite plant to the Air Bonsai. There are two types of transplanting mediums: moss and lava. Nurture your plant and watch it thrive!
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Air Bonsai are created on the island of Kyushu, Japan. Rich in nature, the island's environment is ideal for the production of Air Bonsai.
Each porcelain is meticulously crafted by hand. The process takes 3 months.
The shaped porcelain base is air dried. Throughout the drying process, the craftsman continuously inspect the base for any changes to the design.
Firing the porcelain base in a kiln permanently sets its shape. Temperature control is critical throughout the firing process. (We wait and pray)
Patterns and colors are hand-brushed with a “Fu-de" (Japanese brush). Each coat affects the color and vibrancy of the finished product. Glaze firing completes the production process.
I posted an article yesterday about Jean-Francois Jacques and his effect on Shawn Horcoff and Patrick O'Sullivan. The final conclusion was that Jacques' game is not suited to NHL play at this point. He's getting overwhelmed and he's dragging his teammates down with him. There weren't many comments on the article, but I did get a handful of emails, all in defense of Jacques' play. Most of them were of the "stats don't tell the whole story" mindset, Only one particular reader that e-mailed me made a thought-out argument against the numbers. He asked if Jacques was really playing that poorly because he really likes what Jacques brings to the team with his physical play. "No other Oilers make the other team look over their shoulder and you can't quantify that," he wrote. His viewpoint is that the big hits create fear in the opponent and the effects of those hits change the entire game. That may be true, but the rest of Jacques' game is so thoroughly lacking, that it's JFJ that should be looking over his shoulder -- to see if his pink slip is coming. If opponents were afraid of Jacques, or perhaps changing their game because of Jacques, then their on-ice performance should slip and it would show in the numbers. That's not the case. In fact, it's the opposite in an extreme manner.
I used Vic Ferrari's timeonice tool (an excellent resource to explore the impact of shot data on the game) to find Jacques' effect on every single player on the roster this year. The table below shows each player and their even strength shots ratio without Jacques compared to their even strength ratio with Jacques. At the right is their even strength GF-GA on without and with Jacques. The data leaves little to the imagination concerning Jacques' on-ice effectiveness or lack thereof -- he's not getting it done, and he's bringing his linemates down a level or two.
Note: I've left Cogliano, Potulny, Moreau, Penner, Stone and Comrie off of the list as Jacques has spent little to no time on the ice with that group.
Every single player on the team gets outshot while on the ice with Jacques. Players that normally outshoot their opponents (Horcoff, Hemsky, Gagner, Souray, Visnovsky) see their ratios fall off, sometimes to a drastic measure, while on the ice with Jacques. Players that are already being outshot (Stortini, Staios, Grebeshkov, Chorney) see their numbers plummet to downright misery when on the ice with Jacques.
Jacques is 24 year old now and healthy for the first time in years. Perhaps his development has been stunted so badly that he's going to need a year or two more to "get it". But the guy has 8 points in 94 games and by the above chart and other advanced stats is the worst player on the team, both traditional stats and advanced stats agree.
He should be in Springfield right now learning the game again. I'm sure that the Oilers don't want to waive him because they feel that someone will scoop him up and give him another chance. They're probably right. He's a big guy with great feet -- he'll keep getting chances until he's 30. However, given the numbers that Jacques is leaving behind, the Oilers should be looking for a replacement-level player to replace Jacques this summer. We can clearly "see what we have" and it's time to get rid of it.
Photo: Maya Robinson
This post was initially published on January 16, 2014. We have updated it following this morning's Oscar nominations.
Meryl Streep received her 19th Oscar nomination this morning, extending her record as the actor with the most Oscar nominations ever. (Katharine Hepburn and Jack Nicholson trail way behind at 12 each.) Put another way: Meryl Streep is the undisputed Queen of the Academy Awards, even when her nomination is … how shall we say this? Even when her nomination is more about the Legend of Meryl than it is the actual performance. So where does her Into the Woods nod fit in on the spectrum (grouped simply from “well deserved” to “just because it's Meryl”)? Please join us for the breakdown:
Well Deserved
The Deer Hunter
The Deer Hunter swept the 1979 Oscar nominations, so it is only fair and right that Meryl — in her second-ever film role — got recognized along with everyone else. And since the Supporting Actress nomination is often used to anoint a promising newcomer, you have to hand it to the Academy: They got this one right.
Kramer vs. Kramer
A young mother who walks out on her family, then tries to wrest her adorable son away from his loving father — this is not a role for the weak of heart. But Meryl holds her own against Dustin Hoffman, and Joanna never descends into caricature; she is understandable, if not totally likable.
Sophie's Choice
This film won Streep her first Oscar for Best Actress, and her last Oscar until The Iron Lady nearly 30 years later. No one would dispute her victory, even over a powerhouse pack of performers in 1982 including Jessica Lange, Julie Andrews, Sissy Spacek, and Debra Winger.
Silkwood
As labor activist Karen Silkwood, who died under mysterious circumstances on her way to whistle-blow on the plutonium plant where she worked, Streep does work that is amazing for how unremarkable it seems at first. But the relative normalcy of the performance is subtle and strong.
The French Lieutenant's Woman
Sure, it's a deeply Oscar bait-y movie — a beautifully filmed costume drama, a screenplay by Harold Pinter, two Respected Actors (Jeremy Irons and Streep) — but it was also well done, and Streep switches between Sarah and the modern-day counterpart with ease. French Lieutenant set the Streep template: classy, with an accent, and better than everyone else.
A Cry in the Dark
Otherwise known as the “dingo ate my baby” movie. That line has since passed into camp (helped in large part by Elaine on Seinfeld) but revisit the film and you'll find that this is an admirably tough performance from Streep.
Adaptation
After at least a decade of “eh” to “really?” nominations — and in a year of particularly traditional Oscar fare, like Chicago, The Pianist, and Gangs of New York — you just want someone to get weird. Meryl got a little weird, and this nomination probably rewarded the choice as much as the performance, but who cares. It was delightful.
The Devil Wears Prada
In a great year for camp (other Best Actress nominees included Judi Dench for Notes on a Scandal and Penelope Cruz in an Almodóvar film), Helen Mirren's restrained performance in The Queen won out. That's a shame, because even though The Devil Wears Prada is the sort of light comedy Oscar doesn't typically reward, Meryl Streep is positively iconic in it, giving a delicious, difficult performance that's one of her very best.
The Iron Lady
Historians will disagree whether Streep should have collected one of her precious few statuettes for a film that's almost already been forgotten, but whatever you think of The Iron Lady, there's no denying the skill and craft Streep brought to bear as Margaret Thatcher. She deserved a nomination, even if you can quibble with her win.
Into the Woods
Again, Meryl gets nominated for a movie that's otherwise an Oscar nonstarter. But let's be real — she tears it up here. She breaks out a surprisingly good singing voice and serves as the movie's primary source of humor. She's great as the witch, great as the glam post-witch, and manages to be both frightening and sympathetic in equal turns.
Sure, Why Not
Out of Africa
To be fair, Meryl doing classy with an accent was still something of a revelation in 1985. And the movie was so pretty.
Ironweed
Meryl Streep and Jack Nicholson! Playing messed-up homeless people during the Great Depression! There were high expectations for this movie and Streep works her ass off as sad-eyed and cloche-hatted Helen Archer. But there's more than a hint of the actorly overreaching that we would come to see more often in late-career performances. She lost to Silkwood co-star Cher, who won for her performance in Moonstruck.
Postcards From the Edge
Yes, she was good, but this felt more like a response to She-Devil than anything else.
The Bridges of Madison County
You could almost bump this performance down to the next tier, simply because you may rightfully be steaming that Meryl got an Oscar nomination for this, of all things, while Nicole Kidman in To Die For was left out to dry. But though Streep's performance is a touch overripe, she and Clint Eastwood do impressive work elevating the source material.
Doubt
Sally Hawkins (Happy Go Lucky) might disagree, but this was an otherwise quiet year in the Best Actress category. And Meryl Streep sure did look mad!
Julie & Julia
Streep's Julia benefits by comparison — all respect to Amy Adams, but the “Julie” portion of Julie & Julia is a drag. But look how un-actorly the part is, and how much fun Meryl is having! How can you resist?
Just Because It's Meryl
One True Thing
Here we have a rather ridiculous bit of category fraud, as the lead actress of this cancer drama is clearly Renée Zellweger, playing a high-powered journalist who returns home to care for her ailing mother (Streep). Better that Streep should have switched with Rachel Griffiths, who was nominated for Best Supporting Actress that year for Hilary and Jackie, even though she co-led the film with Emily Watson.
Music of the Heart
Meryl Streep replaced Madonna in a Wes Craven film and was still nominated for an Oscar for Best Actress in a year when Reese Witherspoon, who played Tracy goddamn Flick in goddamn Election, was snubbed. That should tell you all you need to know about this foolishness.
August: Osage County
Streep goes dreadfully over the top in this Oscar vehicle, and while her big, bad mama role is the sort of thing that encourages a big interpretation, this is the rare performance you can see from space. Rumor has it that even Streep herself is not that enamored of the movie — she's done practically no press for it — but she still beat out a passel of worthy Best Actress contenders like Emma Thompson, Brie Larson, and Adele Exarchopoulos.
Washington (CNN) Greg Gianforte's choke-slam of reporter Ben Jacobs on Wednesday night -- and the ensuing assault charge -- might not cost him a victory in today's Montana special election. But even if Gianforte wins, Republicans will face a major decision on whether or not to seat him.
What's beyond debate is that, according to Jacobs and multiple eyewitnesses , Gianforte grabbed the reporter by the throat and threw him to the ground -- screaming "sick and tired of you guys ... get the hell out of here."
While Gianforte's campaign put out a statement -- ludicrous on its face -- blaming Jacobs for his "aggressive" reporting tactics, the Gallatin County Sheriff's Office decided that the evidence was clear, charging the Montana Republican nominee with misdemeanor assault.
It's totally possible -- despite the fact that Gianforte's assault charge is splashed across the front pages of Montana's newspapers and leading many national newscasts this morning -- that he still wins the election today.
Montana is typically a Republican state at the federal level; President Donald Trump carried the state by 20 points in 2016. (Montana has only one House district, so today's race will decide the representative for the whole state.) It is also a state where you can vote by mail -- and, according to figures from the secretary of state, more than 250,000 ballots had already been returned as of Tuesday. That's roughly seven in 10 of all ballots election officials expect to be cast. (In the 2016 general election, just north of 507,000 votes were cast .)
At this point, however, a Gianforte loss -- which would have been considered a total disaster by national Republicans as recently as 24 hours ago -- might wind up being the best possible outcome for the party.
Speaker Paul Ryan said Thursday that Gianforte should apologize. But he rejected the idea that he or Republican leadership would intervene if Gianforte wins. "I am going to let the people of Monana decide who they want to represent them," said Ryan.
National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Steve Stivers sounded even more conciliatory. "From what I know of Greg Gianforte, this was totally out of character, but we all make mistakes," he said.
If Gianforte loses, he -- and the story -- disappear. Republicans would immediately blame his last-minute implosion for the defeat, allowing them to avoid the idea that the race should be properly read as a national referendum on Trump and the recently-passed American Health Care Act. (Worth noting: Before Gianforte's choke-slam on Jacobs, the race had been tightening due to the corroding national environment for Republicans.)
Now, consider what happens if Gianforte wins. Some time between now and June 7, he will have to appear in court to face the assault charge. And based on the audio provided by Jacobs as well as the eyewitness reports from a Fox News crew , it's hard to see how he doesn't get convicted. (Nota bene: I am not a lawyer.)
What do Republicans do then? Every member of leadership will be asked, daily, whether seating Gianforte represents a willingness to look the other way. And for a party already struggling with branding issues, that's not the sort of story House Republicans need bouncing around Washington.
If they don't seat Gianforte, then what? Can they force him to resign? And would that mean -- as I suspect it would -- another special election where the Democratic nominee, Rob Quist, would almost certainly run and might well start as the front-runner due to the controversy surrounding Gianforte?
Gianforte losing is a bad story for national Republicans. Gianforte winning might well be a worse one.
EFF, ACLU, and ACLU of Maryland filed an amicus brief today in the Maryland Court of Special Appeals in the first case in the country (that we know of) where a judge has thrown out evidence obtained as a result of using a cell-site simulator without a warrant.
In the case, Baltimore Police used a Hailstorm—a cell-site simulator from the same company that makes Stingrays—to locate Kerron Andrews, the defendant. The police not only failed to get a warrant to use the device, they also failed to disclose it to the judge in their application for a pen register order. And it appears they even failed to tell the State's attorney prosecuting Mr. Andrews' case.
Luckily Mr. Andrews' intrepid defense attorney suspected the police might have used a stingray and sent a discovery request asking specifically if they had. The prosecution stalled for months on answering that request, but, on the eve of trial, one of the investigators responsible for Baltimore PD's stingrays finally testified in court not only that he'd used the device to find Mr. Andrews, but that he'd specifically not disclosed it in any report filed about Andrews' arrest. The judge concluded the police had intentionally withheld information from Mr. Andrews—a clear violation of his constitutional rights.
This August, another Baltimore judge granted the defense's request to suppress all evidence the police were able to get as a direct result of using the stingray. The judge held the use of the device without a warrant violated Andrews' Fourth Amendment right to be free from unlawful searches and seizures. Unsurprisingly, the government appealed.
Cell-site simulators, also commonly known as IMSI catchers or stingrays, masquerade as legitimate cell phone towers, tricking phones nearby into connecting to the device instead of the tower operated by the phone company. This allows police to log the identifying numbers of mobile phones in the area and to pinpoint their locations. Police often use cell-site simulators when they are trying to find a suspect and know his phone's identifying information.
As we learned from USA Today, the Baltimore PD has been using cell-site simulators extensively (and secretly) for at least the last eight years. A detective testified that Baltimore officers had used cell-site simulators more than 4,300 times since 2007. Like other law enforcement agencies around the country, Baltimore has used its devices for major and minor crimes—everything from trying to locate a man who had kidnapped two small children to trying to find another man who took his wife's cellphone during an argument (and later returned it). And, like other law enforcement agencies, the Baltimore PD has regularly withheld information about Stingrays from defense attorneys, judges, and the public.
Stingrays are especially pernicious surveillance tools because they collect information on every single phone in a given area—not just the suspect's phone—this means they allow the police to conduct indiscriminate, dragnet searches. They are also able to locate people inside traditionally-protected private spaces like homes, doctors' offices, or places of worship—in Mr. Andrews' case the investigators used the Stingray to pinpoint his location to within a specific apartment. Stingrays can also be configured to capture the content of communications.
This is why it's imperative that police not only obtain a warrant based on probable cause before using a cell-site simulator but also commit to minimization procedures, including immediately deleting information about all phones not covered by the warrant and limiting the time period during which the device is used. These are not novel or onerous requirements—the Wiretap Act requires similar procedures. And in fact, both the Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security recently committed to following similar procedures whenever their agents use stingrays.
We hope the Maryland Court of Special Appeals will agree that the warrantless use of a stingray is unconstitutional and uphold the lower court ruling suppressing the evidence.
Image caption Ed Miliband said current media ownership rules were "outdated"
Labour leader Ed Miliband has called for new media ownership rules to limit Rupert Murdoch's "dangerous" and "unhealthy" concentration of power.
He told the Observer Mr Murdoch's large market share led to "abuses of power".
Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg backed new ownership rules to foster more press diversity but said an independent inquiry should be completed first.
The calls follow last week's closure of the News of the World, which Mr Murdoch owned, amid claims of phone hacking.
With that closure, the Sun, the Times, the Sunday Times and 39% of digital broadcaster BSkyB remain in the News Corporation stable.
Under pressure from the entire British political establishment, Mr Murdoch dropped plans to buy out the rest of British Sky Broadcasting.
Calling for new ownership rules, Mr Miliband said: "I think that we've got to look at the situation whereby one person can own more than 20% of the newspaper market, the Sky platform and Sky News.
"I think it's unhealthy because that amount of power in one person's hands has clearly led to abuses of power within his organisation.
"If you want to minimise the abuses of power then that kind of concentration of power is frankly quite dangerous."
He told the Observer that current media ownership rules were outdated, describing them as "analogue rules for a digital age" that do not take into account the advent of mass digital and satellite broadcasting.
Meanwhile, the deputy prime minister echoed the calls for media ownership changes expressed by Mr Miliband.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Phone hacking allegations have led to 'a major crisis in public confidence in yet another pillar of the Establishment' said Nick Clegg
He told BBC One's Andrew Marr Show there was a need to "look again in the round at the plurality rules to make sure there is proper plurality in the British press".
"A healthy press is a diverse one, where you've got lots of different organisations competing, and that's exactly what we need," he said.
The Liberal Democrat leader said his party had been calling for the change for years but said he was "very happy to sit down" with Mr Miliband.
"The judge-led inquiry will, of course, during the course of a year, produce some ideas about what we should do - and then I think if we can act on it on a cross-party basis. as we did last week in the House of Commons, all the better," he said.
However, Defence Secretary Liam Fox told Sky News' Murnaghan programme that "politicians would be wise at the moment not to over-react", adding that it was "time for calmness and for people to look at these issues, yes seriously, but in a proper timescale and without hysteria".
He said further regulation of the press should only happen if it was "absolutely necessary".
"I think we have to be proportionate about how we deal with any of these issues, it can't be simply about jumping on bandwagons and getting today's headlines."
In other developments:
Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson has resigned, having faced criticism for hiring former News of the World executive Neil Wallis as an adviser. Mr Wallis is one of 10 people arrested by police investigating phone hacking claims
An advert placed by News International in national newspapers on Sunday describes how the company is "putting right what's gone wrong"
Several Sunday newspapers feature promotions in an attempt to woo former readers of the News of the World, which was the UK's best selling newspaper
News International says it has set up an independent management and standards committee to see how the company can prevent similar instances happening again
John Whittingdale, chairman of the Commons media select committee, says former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks will probably be spoken to separately from Rupert and James Murdoch on Tuesday when they appear before MPs, adding that the committee should not act as a "lynch mob"
News International has asked law firm Olswang to carry out an investigation and a former High Court judge is overseeing the company's compensation scheme for hacking victims
Various celebrities including actress Sienna Miller and football pundit Andy Gray have accepted damages from the compensation fund, believed to be worth £20m.
The Liberal Democrats have written to media regulator Ofcom calling for it to investigate whether the owners of the BSkyB licence are "fit and proper" following the allegations around News Corp.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sunday's papers were without the News of the World, for the first time since 1843
Lib Dem deputy leader Simon Hughes, media spokesman Don Foster and party president Tim Farron have asked the watchdog to investigate in light of "the manifest public concern about News International's activities, the close integration of News International with its parent company News Corporation, (and) News Corp's effective control of BSkyB".
A spokeswoman for Ofcom said: "We received this letter early on Friday evening. We will be considering our response next week."
She added that the regulator was continuing to gather information and has already written "to a number of relevant authorities and can confirm that follow-up meetings will now be taking place."
Academic activities at the University of KwaZulu-Natal's (UKZN) Pietermaritzburg campus were disrupted when protesting students threw faeces into lecture halls.
A university staff member said some students were scheduled to write tests on Monday morning‚ but these were disrupted by the "poo throwers".
The employee said faeces were smeared all over computers in one test venue on the campus.
Earlier on Monday morning‚ firefighters were called to the William O'Brien residence which was set alight.
UKZN management had previously said that it expects all campuses to be open for lectures on Monday.
However‚ late on Sunday afternoon‚ students in Pietermaritzburg met to take a decision on whether to protest following last week's violent strike action.
A student‚ who did not want to be named‚ said the meeting was called to “conscientise those who did not want to protest”.
Thames Frost Fair, 1683–84, by Thomas Wyke
River Thames frost fairs were held on the tideway of the River Thames at London in some of the winters between the 17th century and early 19th century, during the period known as the Little Ice Age, when the river froze over. During that time the British winter was more severe than it is now, and the river was wider and slower, further impeded by the medieval Old London Bridge.
Even at its peak, in the mid-17th century, the Thames freezing at London was less frequent than modern legend sometimes suggests, never exceeding about one year in ten except for four winters between 1649 and 1666. From 1400 to the removal of the now-replaced medieval London Bridge in 1835, there were 24 winters in which the Thames was recorded to have frozen over at London; if "more or less frozen over" years (in parentheses) are included, the number is 26: 1408, 1435, 1506, 1514, 1537, 1565, 1595, 1608, 1621, 1635, 1649, 1655, 1663, 1666, 1677, 1684, 1695, 1709, 1716, 1740, (1768), 1776, (1785), 1788, 1795, and 1814. So, of the 24, the by-century totals are: 15th two, 16th five, 17th ten, 18th six, 19th one.[1] Frost fairs were far more common elsewhere in Europe, for example in the Netherlands. The Thames freezes over more often upstream, beyond the reach of the tide, especially above the weirs, of which Teddington Lock is the lowest. The last great freeze of the higher Thames was in 1962–63.[2]
During the Great Frost of 1683–84, the worst frost recorded in England,[3][4][5] the Thames was completely frozen for two months, with the ice reaching a thickness of 11 inches (28 cm) in London. Solid ice was reported extending for miles off the coasts of the southern North Sea (England, France and the Low Countries), causing severe problems for shipping and preventing the use of many harbours.[6] Near Manchester, the ground was frozen to 27 inches (69 cm), in Somerset, to more than 4 feet (1.2 m).
Historical background [ edit ]
One of the earliest accounts of the Thames freezing comes from AD 250, when it was frozen solid for six weeks. As long ago as 923 the river was open to wheeled traffic for trade and the transport of goods for 13 weeks; in 1410, it lasted for 14 weeks.[citation needed]
The period from the mid-14th century to the 19th century in Europe is called the Little Ice Age because of the severity of the climate, especially the winters. In England, when the ice was thick enough and lasted long enough, Londoners would take to the river for travel, trade and entertainment, the latter eventually taking the form of public festivals and fairs.
The Thames was broader and shallower in the Middle Ages – it was yet to be embanked, meaning that it flowed more slowly.[7] Moreover, old London Bridge, which carried a row of shops and houses on each side of its roadway, was supported on many closely spaced piers; these were protected by large timber casings which, over the years, were extended – causing a narrowing of the arches below the bridge, thus concentrating the water into swift-flowing torrents. In winter, large pieces of ice would lodge against these timber casings, gradually blocking the arches and acting like a dam for the river at ebb tide.[8][9]
The first frost fairs [ edit ]
An account of the Frost Fair of 1608, believed to be the first
The Thames had frozen over several times in the 16th century — King Henry VIII travelled from central London to Greenwich by sleigh along the river in 1536, Queen Elizabeth I took to the ice frequently during 1564, to "shoot at marks", and small boys played football on the ice.[9]
The first recorded frost fair was in 1608. The most celebrated frost fair occurred in the winter of 1683–84 and was described by John Evelyn:
Coaches plied from Westminster to the Temple, and from several other stairs too and fro, as in the streets; sleds, sliding with skeetes, a bull-baiting, horse and coach races, puppet plays and interludes, cooks, tipling and other lewd places, so that it seemed to be a bacchanalian triumph, or carnival on the water.[10]
For sixpence, the printer Croom sold souvenir cards written with the customer's name, the date, and the fact that the card was printed on the Thames, and was making five pounds a day (ten times a labourer's weekly wage). King Charles II bought one. The cold weather was not only a cause for merriment, as Evelyn explained:
The fowls, fish and birds, and all our exotic plants and greens universally perishing. Many parks of deer were destroyed, and all sorts of fuel so dear that there were great contributions to keep the poor alive...London, by reason for the excessive coldness of the air hindering the ascent of the smoke, was so filled with the fuliginous steam of the sea-coal ...that one could hardly breath.[10]
[11] The Frost Fair of 1683
An eye-witness account of the 1683–84 frost:[12]
On the 20th of December, 1688 [misprint for 1683], a very violent frost began, which lasted to the 6th of February, in so great extremity, that the pools were frozen 18 inches thick at least, and the Thames was so frozen that a great street from the Temple to Southwark was built with shops, and all manner of things sold. Hackney coaches plied there as in the streets. There were also bull-baiting, and a great many shows and tricks to be seen. This day the frost broke up. In the morning I saw a coach and six horses driven from Whitehall almost to the bridge (London Bridge) yet by three o'clock that day, February the 6th, next to Southwark the ice was gone, so as boats did row to and fro, and the next day all the frost was gone. On Candlemas Day I went to Croydon market, and led my horse over the ice to the Horseferry from Westminster to Lambeth; as I came back I led him from Lambeth upon the middle of the Thames to Whitefriars' stairs, and so led him up by them. And this day an ox was roasted whole, over against Whitehall. King Charles and the Queen ate part of it.
Thames frost fairs were often brief, scarcely commenced before the weather lifted and the people had to retreat from the melting ice. Rapid thaws sometimes caused loss of life and property. In January 1789, melting ice dragged a ship which was anchored to a riverside public house, pulling the building down and causing five people to be crushed to death.
The Frost Fair of 1814, by Luke Clenell. , by Luke Clenell.
Walking from Fulham to Putney [ edit ]
Soon after Beilby Porteus, Bishop of London, took residence at Fulham Palace in 1788, he recorded that the year was remarkable "for a very severe frost the latter end of the year, by which the Thames was so completely frozen over, that Mrs. Porteus and myself walked over it from Fulham to Putney".[13] The annual register recorded that, in January 1789, the river was "completely frozen over and people walk to and fro across it with fairground booths erected on it, as well as puppet shows and roundabouts".
The last frost fair [ edit ]
The frost fair of 1814 began on 1 February, and lasted four days. An elephant was led across the river below Blackfriars Bridge.[14] A printer named George Davis published a 124-page book, Frostiana; or a History of the River Thames in a Frozen State. The entire book was type-set and printed in Davis's printing stall, which had been set up on the frozen Thames. This was the last frost fair. The climate was growing milder; old London Bridge was demolished in 1831[15][16][17] and replaced with a new bridge with wider arches, allowing the tide to flow more freely;[18] and the river was embanked in stages during the 19th century, all of which made the river less likely to freeze.
Legacy [ edit ]
Engraving [ edit ]
The first panels of the engraving
In the pedestrian tunnel under the south bank of Southwark Bridge, there is an engraving by Southwark sculptor Richard Kindersley, made of five slabs of grey slate, depicting the frost fair.[19]
The frieze contains an inscription that reads (two lines per slab):
Behold the Liquid Thames frozen o're,
That lately Ships of mighty Burthen bore
The Watermen for want of Rowing Boats
Make use of Booths to get their Pence & Groats
Here you may see beef roasted on the spit
And for your money you may taste a bit
There you may print your name, tho cannot write
Cause num'd with cold: tis done with great delight
And lay it by that ages yet to come
May see what things upon the ice were done
The inscription is based on handbills,[20] printed on the Thames during the frost fairs.
In popular culture [ edit ]
An early chapter of the novel Orlando: A Biography by Virginia Woolf takes place on the frozen River Thames during the Frost Fair of 1608.
In the Doctor Who is a episode A Good Man Goes to War, River Song encounters Rory Williams as she is returning to her cell in the Stormcage Containment Facility. She tells him that she's just been to 1814 for the last of the Great Frost Fairs. The Doctor had taken her there for ice-skating on the river Thames. "He got Stevie Wonder to sing for me under London bridge," she says. When Rory expresses surprise that Stevie Wonder sang in 1814, River cautions him that he must never tell the singer that he did.[21]
The Doctor Who is a episode Thin Ice is set during the final frost fair in 1814, and includes a reference to the elephant crossing stunt.[22]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Bitcoin was designed by Satoshi Nakamoto, and the primary client is developed by a bunch of folks at bitcoin.org. Do you care who these people are? In theory, you shouldn't: all they do is develop an open source client for an open source protocol. Anyone else can develop their own client (and some people have) and no one, save the agreement of everyone in the Bitcoin network, can change the protocol. This is because the Bitcoin network is designed to be decentralized.
If you believe in the long term viability of Bitcoin, you should care who these people are. While Bitcoin itself is decentralized, the transition from Bitcoin to a new currency cannot be. This transition is guaranteed by the fact that all cryptosystems eventually become obsolete. Who will decide how this new currency is structured? Likely the original creators of Bitcoin, and if you have significant holdings in Bitcoin, you should care who these people are.
The following essay will flesh out this argument more carefully, as follows:
Cryptosystems, including cryptographic hashes, must be used with the understanding that they must eventually be replaced. One might argue that “If Bitcoin's cryptography is broken, the rest of the financial industry is in trouble too”—we explain why this is irrelevant for Bitcoin. We also see why it's reasonable to expect Bitcoin, if it becomes a serious currency, to stick around a long enough timespan for this obsolescence to occur. There are several rough transition plans circulating the Bitcoin community. We describe the most common decentralized and the most common centralized variant, and explain why the decentralized variant cannot work in a non-disruptive manner, appealing both to economics and existing markets which have similar properties. We more carefully examine the implications of these decentralized and centralized transitions, and assess the risk of the transition, in comparison to the other risks facing Bitcoin as a fledgling currency. We suggest that, while the transition of Bitcoin is not a central concern, the idea of naive decentralization is a myth that needs to be dispelled.
I've divided the essay into sections so that readers who are interested in specific sections of the argument. Feel free to skip around.
The cryptosystem time bomb “All cryptosystems eventually become obsolete.” Compared to currency, cryptographic hashes are a relatively recent invention, dating only as far back as the 1970s. MD5 was invented in 1991, and it only took about a decade and a half to thoroughly break it. For computer programmers, the shifting landscape of cryptography is a given, and systems are designed with this in mind. Consider, for example, SSL certificates, which are used to secure many transactions on the Internet, including financial transactions. These need to be renewed every few years, and as new certificates are issued, their level of protection can be increased, to use newer ciphers or longer key sizes. Most current uses of cryptography follow this pattern: the ciphers and keys can be replaced with relative ease. Bitcoin, however, is special. The way it achieves decentralization is by embedding all of its relevant technical details in the protocol. Among This is the hashing algorithm, SHA-256. It is literally impossible to “change” the hashing algorithm in Bitcoin; any change would constitute a change in the protocol, and thus result in a completely new currency. Don't believe anyone who tells you otherwise. The argument “If Bitcoin's cryptography is broken, the rest of the financial industry is in trouble too” is irrelevant, because other financial institutions have central control of the ciphers they use and can easily change them: Bitcoin cannot. And due to the possibility of weaknesses in SHA-1 spilling into the SHA-2 family (among which SHA-256 is a member), a competition for SHA-3 is already being held. Will Bitcoin last long enough for fraudulent transactions to become practical? It may not (after all, there are many other possible problems with the currency that may kill it off before it ever gets to this stage.) However, if it does become established, you can expect it to be a hardy little bastard. Currencies stick around for a long time.
Decentralized and centralized currency transition The Bitcoin community has realized the fact that a transition will become necessary, and though the general sense is that of, “We'll figure it out when we get there,” there have been some vague proposals floated around. At the risk of constructing strawmen, I would like to now present my perception of the two most popularly voiced plans. First, the decentralized plan: Because cryptosystems don't break overnight, once the concern about SHA-256 becomes sufficiently high we will create a new version of Bitcoin that uses a stronger cryptographic hash. We will then let the market decide an exchange rate between these two currencies, and let people move from one to the other. This is decentralized because anyone can propose a new currency: the market will decide which one will win out in the end. It also cannot possibly work in a nondisruptive manner, for the simple reason that anyone seek to exchange the old Bitcoin for the new one will have to find a willing buyer, and at some point, hyperinflation will ensure that there are no willing buyers. All existing Bitcoins will then be worthless. At this point, we'll take a short detour into the mooncake black market, a fascinating “currency” in China that has many similar properties to an obsolescing Bitcoin. The premise behind this market is that, while giving cash bribes are illegal, giving moon cake vouchers are not. Thus, someone looking to bribe someone can simply “gift” them a moon cake voucher, which is then sold on the black market to be converted back into cash. Those partaking in the moon cake black market must be careful, because once the Autumn Festival arrives, all of these vouchers must be exchanged for moon cakes or become worthless. As the date arrives, you see an increasingly frenzied game of hot potato for the increasingly devalued vouchers. The losers? They end up with lots of moon cakes. There is of course one critical difference, which is that the losers of the Bitcoin game are left with nothing at all. Is this a transition? Yes. Is it disruptive? Definitely yes. It is certainly not what you want a currency you're using for every day transactions to be doing. Of course, this may be acceptable risk for some industries, and we'll analyze this more in the last section. Here is the centralized plan: Once the concern for the hashing algorithm is high enough, we will create a new Bitcoin protocol. This protocol will not only include a new hashing algorithm, but also be based off of the value of the old Bitcoin economy at some date: at that point, all newer transactions are invalid in the new Bitcoin scheme, and that snapshot is used to determine the amount of Bitcoins everyone has. There is a variant, which deals with the case when active attacks are being carried out against the hashing algorithm before they have managed to switch, which involves marking specific block chains as known good, and zeroing out suspected fraudulent transactions. Is this plan really centralized? Yes: someone needs to design the new protocol, to convince all the clients to buy into it, and to uniformly switch over to the new economy when the day arrives. The fragmentation of the Bitcoin economy would be extremely disruptive and not in the best interests of any of the main players. Any other changes to the Bitcoin protocol (and at this point, there probably would be many proposals) could have massive implications for the Bitcoin economy.
A unified consciousness experiencing itself subjectively, looking for its reason for absence.We are solving ourselves.Each universe within the multiverse is like an octave of reality. As we understand there are 7 colours and 7 notes in a scale. There are also 7 levels of consciouness. Each octave of thought is a different dimension/parrallel universe.We can only see into this reality just like we can only see one octave of light. Higher vibrations are out of view, and so are lower vibrations. The same goes for sound, only because particles are at much lower energy vibrations anyway, we can hear more octaves Everything is looking to progress from a lower vibration to a higher vibration. At higher vibrations everything is less seperate. E.g. The frequency of T.V's is roughly 50hz, and so for us it seems smouth and one flowing picture. At lower frequencies we can see each individual frame.The idea is to become more unified. Emotionally, Love and Hate are the spectum of thought. Hate is seperation - lower frequencies of thought, love is unifaction - higher frequencies of thought. When we hate everything, then we suffer, because as we have hated everything, so everything has hated us. When we love everything, we find bliss, because as we have loved everything, so everything loves us. Very simple, yet so far, our species (humanity) has yet to see this obviousness.We have had glimpses into the truth of higher, more perfect, realities (known as heaven - which is only a word, the reality is so much more), but due to our misinterpretation of the truth due to our lack of understanding beginning with we have generated a game of chinese whispers through religions until our realisation that we were being controlled through half truths and misconceptions.Understand that these chinese whispers have passed through the minds of hatful people that wish to control and supress true knowledge from us. E.g. 200 years ago, we were being enslaved by christianity. Now, we broke free from childish interpretations of reality into something much worse. As we developed so did the system.We are now controlled by governments. Much more organised, much more controlling. Setting aside commandments for laws.There is only universal law, everything else is just a guideline. That being said , killing someone isn't against the universal law, but it is a hateful act and so the universe balances itself by mechanisms described in Buddhism as Karma. It is important to act as loving and compassionate as possible so as to enjoy everything and ascend in consciousness.Heaven is simply a higher vibration of reality, Hell doesn't exist. Or, we already exist in the lowest vibration of thought there can be. So this is technically Hell.God is Love, because love is unified and God is complete as one. Perfect like a sphere.Aside from all of the above. Most of us forget that we are just beings in a universe, and become so obsessed with our own petty lives we forget the bigger picture The universe is like the breath of God . Moving from 0 - 1 - 0... The universe shall expand and contract from nothing to nothing. We shall live these lives over and over again.Though, in higher realities, because our frequency is much higher, so time appears slower. Our thoughts are very much more instintaneous because we exist as energy, so our thoughts are as fast as light. Yet, our thoughts now are controlled on a chemical level, and have to travel through nerves at less than 1/100 the speed of light (possibly even less).We see things in a linear fashion. We see a begining - the 'Big Bang' and so for us, there is an end - the 'Big Crunch'. But time is just an illusion. When we develop higher understandings of reality, so shall we understand time in a different way. And so we shall forget the past, forget the future, and live completely in the present. The only thing that exists is the here and now , and so, when we live completely in the here and now, so time has no relevance, and so we find eternity in bliss, through love.
“Difficulty: Intermediate. Build time: 10-15 minutes.” Oh boy, this could be a problem. I'm notoriously bad with my hands and making crafts, and even something at an “intermediate” level, such as constructing the little cardboard snail (a replica of the giant one that roamed the Empire Polo grounds last year) that comes in the Coachella wristband and information box intimidates me. I guess it shows just how much of a Coachella newbie I am. I've been to “Couch-chella” (that is, watched the YouTube stream from the comfort of my air-conditioned room on my laptop) many times and wished from afar that I could go, but until this year, it was never possible. When this year's lineup dropped, however, I couldn't help myself. Too many of my favorite artists were there, and with Coachella being the closest major music festival to campus, I felt that it was too good of an opportunity to pass up. Now, as I sit in the afterglow of the second weekend of the festival, I can say one thing: It was more than worth it.
Day 1: Well, I guess we're at Coachella now
Walking up to the gates, I was greeted by gigantic, intricately designed art installments shaped like houses and other things you could climb through (oh yeah, it's an art festival, too). I was immediately struck by how much smaller the festival grounds were than what I had expected. I expected them to dwarf Golden Gate park, where Outside Lands is held, but the Empire Polo Field was only of a comparable size. Because of the lack of trees in the desert, at least part of every stage or tent could be seen almost anywhere on the grounds. Along with the tents, a giant, slow-moving astronaut dubbed “Escape Velocity” roamed the fields and seemed to follow you wherever you went.
It was a bit shocking to see how easy it was to get fairly close to the stage on the first day. As the day went on it became more difficult, but simply walking your way through a sitting or well-spaced-out crowd was very easy. The biggest exception to this on day one was Bastille, of “Pompeii” fame, for whom the Mojave tent overflowed — it's unclear why they were not set on a larger stage.
On that note, two of the most surreal moments of the day came from hearing two of the biggest hits of the past year in nearly back-to-back performances. Aloe Blacc, who sings the hit, “Wake Me Up,” best known for its Avicii remix that has permeated radio waves, sang his acoustic version that had the crowd raising their voices as loud as they would all weekend. Bastille immediately followed, and as the crowd ecstatically chanted “eh-oh-oh-eh-oh” as they performed their hit “Pompeii,” I knew I had arrived at the dynamic concert space that was Coachella. Coupled with this, later performances — including watching Billie Joe Armstrong joining the Replacements on stage for their set, and my friend and I are casually sitting at the back of the main stage watching Outkast — thoroughly overshadowed a $12 fish-and-chips that included two tiny strips of fish and actual potato chips — not fries!
Day 2: How did I miss that?!
After stuffing some Smuckers and snacks down my throat at the end of a thoroughly exhausting day one, I knocked out. My friend and I decided that hygiene be damned — we used some baby wipes to clean up a bit and set off showerless and disgusting for day two (just kidding, we honestly weren't that bad). After hitting most of the acts I wanted to see on day one, I knew I was going to have to make some sacrifices on day two.
Seeing people mosh at a concert that they paid hundreds of dollars to attend is surreal in itself to watch, but seeing dudes in flower crowns in the mosh pit is even stranger. As Ty Segall raged on with manic punk offerings on stage, a near-constant stream of crowdsurfing people found their way into the pit — from flower crown dudes to the most petite girls, everyone was welcome. The fact that this was immediately followed by a great performance from electro-pop band CHVRCHES, attended by much of the same crowd, showed me for the first time how diverse and welcoming Coachella crowds could be. The energy could even be felt through the performances that I had to skip that day. As I waited for other shows to start, I heard “Kids” by MGMT, “Shake Me Down” by Cage the Elephant and, perhaps most notably, “Get Lucky,” accompanied by a massive amount of confetti, being sung by Pharrell in the background. Though these songs were only in my periphery, they oftentimes warranted longing stares from fellow audience members wishing that they could be in two places at once, experiencing the cheers and music they heard from afar.
The best moment of the day came at sunset, as Capital Cities, in matching floral suits, led the crowd through a horn-laden electronic dance party of originals and covers. As the band danced onstage with a remix of their ubiquitous “Safe and Sound” continued to play, a band member encouraged every audience member to take off their shirt (“It's Coachella, it's okay to show a little skin!”) or hold up a rag and start waving it around their heads. As a mass of colors emerged around the audience, the drop in the remix came, and for a moment there were thousands of swirling neon rainbows bobbing up and down, enveloping the gorgeous Coachella sunset as palm trees swayed calmly in the background.
Day 3: It's too hot, but we've made it this far
By this point I knew that we had way overpacked food-wise — we hadn't touched the string cheese, and we loved string cheese — but we weren't going to let our over-zealous packing and wasted cash get us down. Day three promised some bands and artists I was most excited for, and I knew I had to end my first-ever Coachella with a bang.
What ended up making day three worthwhile was two things: a crowd that knew its party was about to end, and well-established artists still playing like they had everything left to prove. Frank Turner and the Naked and Famous both sang their anthems with reckless abandon, as more moshing ensued during Turner's “Four Simple Words,” and ecstatic jumping followed during the Naked and Famous' hit, “Young Blood.” Turner's boundless enthusiasm for every single one of the 50 minutes he was allotted electrictrified the smallest tent on the grounds, the Gobi, and made it feel as if you were getting to watch a festival headliner perform just for you.
I had heard that some of the most special sets occur at sunset during Coachella, and along with Capital Cities, the reunited Neutral Milk Hotel put on a performance to remember. Seeing the disheveled-yet dignified-looking Jeff Mangum lead his old bandmates through a flurry of influential indie-rock tunes was a sight to see. Though the entire crowd wasn't as responsive as I thought they might be, there were indeed a few audience members who could be seen having obviously emotional moments, closing their eyes and singing along with looks of longing and connection to the legendary act's set.
As the day winded down, and after Calvin Harris, Beck and Lana Del Rey had all put on entrancing and memorable performances (sometimes a little too much — some of Lana's fans definitely needed to get a room), only Arcade Fire was left — and their top headliner status didn't stop them from connecting to the audience in a way that came to epitomize my first Coachella experience. After trolling audience members by bringing out a fake Daft Punk as guests (everyone in the crowd couldn't tell the difference) the band played with a fearless enthusiasm that one may not have expected from a festival headliner.
The band led the crowd through their hits along with some not-often-heard fan favorites, and had the enormous crowd hanging on their every note. Even after their set ended, they walked through the space between the stage and the crowd, acoustically playing and singing the chorus of their well-known “Wake Up.” Even after I thought they were done, they kept walking farther, and onto the grass, meshing with the crowd as they slowly moved their way through the mob following them. After it took me a moment to realize how far they had walked, I ended my night by sprinting over to the area, and singing along with my favorite band mere feet from them. As I walked away, wondering what the heck had just happened, I knew I had experienced my “Coachella” moment. I understood the hype. I knew why the festival was so beloved.
The next morning, we quickly packed and shoved everything in the trunk. The buzz from the night before was still ringing strongly in my head, and perfect packing certainly wasn't a priority. There was no line to get out — everything went very quickly. As I drove back down the freeway, completed cardboard Coachella snail riding on my dashboard, I could hardly get any of the weekend out of my head — nor did I want to. Lines from “Wake Me Up” (“So wake me up when it's all over / when I'm wiser and I'm older”) echoed in my head. I'm still having trouble waking up — all the different people I met, the experiences I had, the new and old music I found and the spirit of appreciation I felt all around me made for one of the most memorable weekends of my life. I keep turning around, expecting to see the giant astronaut that roamed the grounds behind me. I guess I'll just have to wait till next year's wristband box appears, when I'll see the intermediate level required to build my own cardboard astronaut — and know that I can handle it just fine.
Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., surrounded by, from left, his wife Elizabeth, left, daughters Emily, Julia Spickard and her husband Justin Spickard, speaks to supporters at an election night victory rally at the Cabana Restaurant on Tuesday, Nov. 6, 2012, in Nashville, Tenn. (Mark Zaleski/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
In 2007, in the wake of the biggest lobbying scandal in decades, Congress limited the ability of family members to lobby their relatives in the House or Senate. But it declined to ban the practice entirely.
Since then, 56 relatives of lawmakers have been paid to influence Congress. More than 500 firms have spent more than $400 million on lobbying teams that include the relatives of members, according to a Washington Post analysis of disclosure forms.
The Post analysis shows that the interests of lawmakers and their relatives have overlapped to varying degrees on bills before Congress. In the past six years, for example, 36 congressional relatives — including spouses, children, siblings, parents and in-laws — have been paid to influence 250 bills passing through their family members' congressional committees or sponsored by the members.
All of this is legal under the rules Congress has written for itself.
That lawmakers have relatives working as lobbyists has been widely reported over the years. Lawmakers have consistently said their relatives don't lobby them directly. The 2007 overhaul prohibited spouses from direct lobbying but gave other relatives more leeway.
For the first time since the changes, however, The Post examination reveals the extent to which relatives are still paid to work on issues before their family members.
“It's a technique of throwing money at the feet of the congressman who can influence my business,” said Craig Holman, a campaign finance and government ethics lobbyist for Public Citizen.
The family ties are another example of the intersection of lawmakers' public and private interests, which The Post has been documenting in a year-long series. Earlier articles revealed lawmakers who secured earmarks for projects near properties they own, traded in stocks of companies lobbying on bills before them and pushed legislation affecting industries in which they had financial interests.
To examine lobbying, the newspaper mined a range of public documents, including records of lawmakers' family connections compiled by Legistorm.com, a nonpartisan Web site that tracks congressional disclosures. The Post culled thousands of quarterly lobbyist disclosure reports and tracked legislation through the House and Senate to identify instances in which relatives were paid to lobby on matters that came before their congressional relatives.
In the mid-2000s, the Jack Abramoff lobbying scandal helped pressure lawmakers to pass ethics revisions. The 2007 Honest Leadership and Open Government Act imposed disclosure rules on earmarks, banned gifts from lobbyists and, for the first time, addressed the behavior of lobbyists related to lawmakers.
The changes restrict — but do not prohibit — relatives of members from lobbying Congress. In the House, the overhaul does prohibit people from lobbying their lawmaker spouses or their offices. In the Senate, the rules went further and prohibited spouses and all immediate family members from being paid to lobby anyone in the Senate.
But the laws left a lot of space for relatives.
View Graphic A look at the year of the Conflicts project
For example, in the Senate, a son-in-law is free to lobby his in-laws. In the House, lawmakers may be lobbied by their children and parents.
“I was arguing there should be an absolute ban,” Holman said. Lawmakers had no interest. “The reform that was passed is so narrow, it is easily sidestepped.”
Most relatives — 48 of the 56 — began their careers as congressional lobbyists only after they had family members elected to the House or Senate, records show.
Several lawmakers contacted by The Post said they impose firewalls between their public duties and their family ties. They also maintained that their votes were not influenced when companies hired their relatives.
The father of Rep. William Lacy Clay (D-Mo.) was hired to lobby on two bills his son helped shape, records show. Under the 2007 changes, fathers like Clay Sr. are not prohibited from lobbying their sons in the House.
“No member of my family has ever discussed with me, or attempted to influence my actions regarding any pending legislation,” Rep. Clay said in a statement provided by his spokesman. “Many retired Members of Congress register as federal lobbyists, as allowed under the law. I would never tolerate or engage in any situation that presented even the appearance of a conflict of interest, or any violation of the rules of the U.S. House.”
The younger Clay, who in 2001 succeeded his father in office, co-sponsored a proposed law in 2010 that would give investors the right to sue people who help others commit securities fraud. His father, William Lacy Clay Sr., was hired to lobby on behalf of attorneys who bring investor lawsuits. The group paid $220,000 to the firm that employed Clay and three others to lobby on the bill and other issues.
The elder Clay did not respond to requests for comment.
Family of lobbyists, lawmakers
Combining lobbying and legislating is a family tradition for Rep. Jo Ann Emerson (R-Mo.). Her father was executive director of the Republican National Committee. In the 1970s, decades before she entered Congress, she married a lobbyist, Bill Emerson. He was elected to the House in 1980 to represent rural southern Missouri. While her husband served in Congress, Jo Ann Emerson lobbied for the restaurant and insurance industries.
When Bill Emerson died of cancer in 1996, Jo Ann Emerson went from lobbying to holding her husband's seat and has kept it since for a 32-year family run. After the Republicans' takeover of the House two years ago, Jo Ann Emerson became chairman of the appropriations subcommittee that handles the budgets of the Treasury Department, the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Internal Revenue Service, the District of Columbia and other agencies. She also serves on the appropriations subcommittee that budgets the Food and Drug Administration and Agriculture Department.
As she serves in Congress, her daughters have continued the family tradition of lobbying.
Older daughter Tori Emerson Barnes has lobbied since 2005 for General Motors. Younger daughter Katharine Emerson began lobbying for Monsanto the year her mother became subcommittee chairman, records show.
Jo Ann Emerson was re-elected with 72 percent of the vote in November, but announced this month that she is leaving office to run a lobbying organization, the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association. Her predecessor, another former congressman, received a compensation package of more than $1.6 million in 2010. She's not leaving until January or February, so for two months she will be in the unusual position of serving in Congress while already having an outside job lined up with an organization that lobbies Congress.
The 2007 changes on family lobbying put no restrictions at all on the daughters of House members. Katharine Emerson and Tori Emerson Barnes are allowed to lobby their mother and her staff and her colleagues. Even if they don't lobby their mother, the companies that are paying them have full teams of lobbyists that regularly seek to influence bills pending before her.
Last year, Monsanto spent $7.4 million on its 21-member lobbying team, according to lobbying disclosure reports. In the period that Katharine Emerson has been on the team, Monsanto has reported lobbying on two bills co-sponsored by Rep. Emerson and seven others that went through her committee and subcommittees.
Since 2007, Tori Emerson Barnes's team of General Motors lobbyists has tried to influence 15 bills co-sponsored by Emerson and 18 that have gone through her committee and subcommittees — including the financial bailout that included General Motors, measures on fuel-economy standards and defense appropriations. GM spent $5.4 million last year with 58 lobbyists.
Asked about the possibility of a conflict of interest, Rep. Emerson and the firms, speaking on behalf of her daughters, said they all employ a higher standard of ethics than Congress mandates. They all say they forbid any contact between lobbyists and their family members in office.
“I have never voted or acted on an issue as a result of Monsanto's or General Motors' support or opposition to it,” Rep. Emerson said in a statement released by her office. “I do not know on what issues my daughters work for their employers. We never, ever discuss their work. My daughters do not influence my opinion of, or action on, any issue before Congress.”
“GM's own strict conflict-of-interest standards prohibit Ms. Barnes from lobbying Congresswoman Emerson,” said Greg Martin, a GM spokesman.
“Any employee of Monsanto may not lobby their own relatives, a relative's office or on any legislation affiliated with the relative or the committees on which they serve,” said company spokesman Lee Quarles. “We understand that our policy is more than the law requires.”
Son-in-law lobbyist
In 2007, Sen. Harry M. Reid (D-Nev.) introduced a bill to compel the federal government to give the city of Henderson, Nev., 500 acres near an airport for development.
While the bill was pending, Henderson spent $240,000 over two years for two District lawyers to lobby on it and other issues, records show. One of the lawyers was Steven G. Barringer, Reid's son-in-law.
The 2007 overhaul imposed no limits on who Barringer, as a son-in-law, may lobby in Congress.
Barringer is married to Reid's daughter, Lana, and has lobbied Congress since 1999, representing dozens of clients. Barringer has lobbied on legislation for Henderson since 2001, including two prior versions of Reid's land bill that failed to pass, records show.
Reid's 2007 bill to transfer land to the city died in that session, but Reid — the Senate majority leader and the most powerful man in the chamber — ensured that the provision was in the 2009 Omnibus Public Land Management Act, which did become law. The city paid an additional $60,000 to Barringer's firm, records show.
A month after the land act passed, Reid introduced another bill to convey 2,400 acres of land in Clark and Nye counties to the state for college campuses. Henderson, which is located in Clark County, spent $180,000 over 18 months for lobbying by Barringer's firm. The proposal died that session but has been reintroduced this year in Congress.
In the current Congress, Reid has sponsored another law that would convey 948 acres at an abandoned mine site to the city for redevelopment. Henderson has spent $60,000 for lobbying by Barringer and his colleague on the bill and other issues.
Barringer did not return calls and e-mails seeking comment.
His law firm, Holland & Hart, also declined to comment.
A spokeswoman for Reid said Barringer does not lobby the lawmaker's office.
“We have a longstanding office policy that strictly bars any member of the staff's family or the Senator's family from lobbying our office on behalf of their clients,” Kristen Orthman wrote.
“That policy applies in this case.”
Orthman said that these bills have had bipartisan support from most, if not all, of the Nevada delegation.
That Barringer and one of Reid's sons lobbied Congress was included in an extensive 2003 Los Angeles Times report. The newspaper reported that Reid's legislation or actions in office stood to benefit special interests employing his family members.
Since 2004, Barringer has continued to work for Henderson and has been hired to lobby for mining, gambling and developer clients on issues including three bills co-sponsored by his father-in-law, records indicate.
This year, Henderson ended its government affairs contract with Barringer and his firm because of budget cuts, according to a letter the city sent the firm.
One of Reid's sons, Josh Reid, was named Henderson's city attorney last year. Through a city spokeswoman, he declined to comment.
In 2007, Reid was the sponsor of the Senate ethics bill that included the lobbying changes. In a news release, Reid said the law would “deliver to the American people a government as good and honest as the people it represents.”
Lobbying in-laws
The American Petroleum Institute in July 2011 hired former House staffer Justin Spickard and employed him as a lobbyist.
Spickard had worked as a legislative aide to Sen. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.) and, in September 2011, married the senator's daughter.
Five of the bills Spickard was listed as lobbying on came before his father-in-law's committees, and a sixth one was co-sponsored by Corker.
That bill, introduced in November 2011, was intended to force the completion of the stalled Keystone Pipeline, a project to transport oil from Canada to the Gulf Coast.
Spickard was one of eight lobbyists working on the Keystone bill on behalf of the petroleum trade group.
The institute has spent $7.7 million overall on lobbying efforts that have included Spickard and bills passing before two of Corker's committees.
Under the 2007 overhaul, Spickard is not prohibited from lobbying his father-in-law's office. But he has not done so, said Eric Wohlschlegel, a spokesman for the institute.
Spickard referred questions to Wohlschlegel, who provided a statement that the institute follows all lobbying rules and has the “highest ethical standards.”
Corker's chief of staff, Todd Womack, also said that Spickard has never lobbied their office. He noted that Spickard is moving his family to Tennessee and will no longer be working as a federal lobbyist.
Since the 2007 changes, half a dozen clients seeking defense funding have retained Cynthia Young through her firms to lobby the House and Senate. Two of her clients received $3.6 million in earmarks through bills originating in the House Appropriations Committee in 2007 and 2009.
She reported that those two clients spent $330,000 on her lobbying efforts.
Her father-in-law, Rep. C.W. Bill Young (Fla.), was the ranking Republican on the defense subcommittee at the time. He now chairs the subcommittee.
Harry Glenn, Young's chief of staff, said by e-mail that other lawmakers requested those earmarks and they were fully disclosed as required by House rules.
“Ms. Young worked through those members of Congress in support of these projects,” Glenn said. “The projects were vetted by the staff and included in the bill by the Chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense.”
Cynthia Young declined to answer questions but said in a brief conversation that her lobbying business “has been closed down for about a year.”
Bobbye Pratt and Kimberly Kindy contributed to this report.
We tend to view antimatter as exotic and unstable, prone to annihilation when it combines with the vast excess of normal matter present in our Universe. But it didn't have to be that way; most behavior of subatomic particles shows no preference for matter over antimatter, and calculations suggest the two should have been produced in roughly equal proportions during the Big Bang. Figuring out why we live in a matter-filled Universe has been one of the nagging questions facing physicists.
Over the last couple of decades, a few cases of what are called C-P violations have been identified. These are cases where a particle decay that should, in theory, produce equal amounts of antimatter and matter, doesn't. These few instances, however, don't occur with sufficient frequency to explain why the Universe has its current abundance of regular matter. That has kept physicists looking and, this morning, Fermilab announced that research performed in its Tevatron accelerator has provided strong evidence for another C-P violation.
Fermi has posted a copy of a paper that has been submitted for publication in Physical Review D, which means that the paper hasn't been through peer review yet. The huge number of authors (it takes nearly three pages to list them all and their affiliations) suggests that there's a reasonable chance that one of them might have caught any errors. In addition, the analysis simply involves performing a new analysis of several years' worth of data obtained by the DZero collaboration at Fermi.
The outline of the work is about the only thing that's simple about it. It takes 19 pages and 67 equations to describe the numbers that were crunched to produce the new result—and that's not including the seven pages of appendix and references. The plan was to follow up on early hints of an asymmetry in the decay of a set of particles called B-mesons that are formed by a bottom quark (or antiquark) and one of any of a number of additional quarks (or antiquarks).
The neutral forms of these B-mesons undergo a process called "flavor oscillation," in which they rapidly shift between their matter and antimatter forms. We can't directly observe these changes given their short lifespan, but we can detect their impact in the decay particles. B-mesons can decay into pairs of muons or antimuons depending on their current state. By looking at the relative numbers of paired muons and antimuons that are produced from individual decays, the authors can calculate whether there is an excess of the matter version of B-mesons around. (As the paper puts it, the authors searched the data for "like-sign dimuon events, with one muon arising from direct semileptonic b-hadron decay.")
Right about now would be a good time to refer to our guide to particle colliders if you're not sure how these detectors work.
The challenge isn't one of spotting muons, so much as it is that we've spotted way too many muons, along with a host of other particles, like pions, that sometimes look a lot like a muon from the detector's perspective. So, a huge chunk of the paper's body is devoted to describing how to focus in specifically on the events that are likely to be informative.
Some of these were controlled at the hardware level. For example, the polarity of the magnets in the detector were reversed every few months to ensure that any bias in the equipment ended up balanced out. Specific energy levels and tracks were selected, meaning that the vast majority of the data picked up by the detector was thrown out before the analysis took place. Different approaches were used to pick out cases where another particle like a pion or kaon created a track through the detector that looked like a muon's. In the end, the filtering process left them with 3.73 million di-muon events with identical signs.
Each one of these steps introduced a degree of error into the calculations, however. Fortunately, the calculations produced two different measures of uncertainty that were distinct but related; that relationship enabled the authors to combine them in a way that significantly lowered the overall uncertainty. In the end, they came up with an asymmetry measurement of −0.00957 ± 0.00251 (statistical) ± 0.00146 (systemic). That may not look very exciting, but it's over three standard deviations away from the value predicted by the Standard Model, which means that the probability of this occurring by chance is less than one-tenth of one percent. Symmetry is apparently being broken in these decays.
Just to make sure you're convinced, the authors go on to describe 16 different consistency checks they performed on the results. They passed.
So, we can add another situation where basic physics appears to favor the production of matter over antimatter. It may take a little while for cosmologists to tell us whether that's enough to balance the books on the Universe, but the results already tell us something about particle physics.
For starters, the B-meson doesn't require especially high energies to produce; it's been within the range of particle detectors for a while. But detecting this sort of tenuous bias requires producing lots and lots of them. For Fermi, that required running the accelerator for years. Thanks to the LHC, we should be able to get an independent confirmation much sooner, simply because the luminosity—the number of collisions per unit time—is much, much higher.
From that, we can also conclude that the excitement over the chance to see new particles at higher energies is only part of the allure of the LHC. There may be entirely new physics lurking among the particles we're already aware of, just waiting for us to look at enough of them.
It's sometimes easy to characterise all mobile games as money grabbing, shallow and greedy. Eschewing great gameplay in pursuit of the digital gold rush.
On first appearance it might be tempting to include Hipster Whale's Crossy Road in that group. It certainly ticks all the boxes that make traditional gamers roll their eyes. It's derivative of an old game, it's monetised, and its name is a brazen call back to Flappy Bird – itself a magpie of old mechanics and assets.
Yet, Crossy Road has been well received and widely acclaimed for its addictive gameplay and considerate monetisation techniques. There is another way to free-to-play, it seems.
At GDC last month Hipster Whale's Andy Sum and Matt Hall spoke about how they crafted the experience and how they wanted to make it a phenomenon.
Inspiration
The game began life as quick project that Sum and Hall deliberately wanted to develop over a short period. They started with a ground-up analysis of what makes a good mobile game work, both in terms of gameplay, plus the mechanics and triggers that make a game successful through recommendation and sharing.
“Matt had been meditating on this idea of why Flappy Bird was so popular?” says Sum.
“There's a purity in Flappy Bird's score system. You can tell exactly how good someone is just by hearing the score. And when people get a really good score, they want to share with friends and challenge them to beat the score.”
Cloning is rife in the mobile market. Every successful title, from Flappy Bird to Threes, has seen a raft of imitators nibbles at their heels. For Hipster Whale it wasn't a case of copying Flappy Bird but of capturing its spirit and attempting to emulate its success.
“Probably over a thousand other developers have tried their clone of Flappy Bird but we didn't want to make the same game again. We wanted to make something in the spirit of Flappy Bird, rather than just recreate it,” says Sum
“When we said we wanted to make the next Flappy Bird we really wanted to make a phenomenon”.
After a period of planning Matt Hall settled on idea of updating the classic game Frogger into a one-touch game. Coincidentally, Sum had been working on something similar back in 2011.
“I got quite far with prototyping the game but I just never released it. It wasn't good enough. It was called Chicken Dash,” he recalls.
To fit the new project in with their other commitments a development time of six weeks was planned. This helped the team (which also includes artist Ben Weatherall) focus on what was important and encouraged some bold choices.
“Because of the short time frame we were having to take big risks. Because if we failed it only meant we would waste a fraction of our lives and not years. This appetite for risk meant we could experiment with all areas of the game,“ says Sum.
“Since we didn't care if we failed we had the opportunity to try new free-to-play concepts and make a game that we enjoyed.”
The game evolved from its Frogger roots very quickly. When development started the game had the somewhat less mainstream title, Road Kill Simulator 2014, name that is both direct and funny. In some respects it reflects the demeanour of Matt Hall and Andy Sum. They are both thoughtful and evidently committed to making high quality games, but they also display a ruthless efficiency with their craft.
There is plenty of mutual respect but it doesn't feel like a band with a dream; it's a business and creative partnership with a sharp focus.
“During the development process Matt and I actually never met up. Matt lives in the country and I live in the suburbs about two hours apart. So we talked on Skype every day and used version control to work together,” says Sum.
“We're both pretty independent and we do everything ourselves on our projects and I'd done that for so long I was actually a little apprehensive about working with Andy at first, which is why the idea of a six-week project was a pretty good one. But it was actually a really positive experience once we'd started to work together and realised we were quite similar people. What also helped is that we both had equal stake in the game so one couldn't necessarily overrule one another and we treated each other with a lot of respect throughout development, even though Andy is really a lot younger than me,” jokes Hall.
Development
Crossy Road's inspiration was a single touch game and its success was in no small part due to that simplicity. An endless Frogger however required an extra layer of complexity which caused much debate during development.
“Crossy Road started off as a one tap game like Flappy Bird. We couldn't get it to work, it never felt quite right. You never felt like you were fully in control of the character. So we tried swipe controls next. And we designed the levels around swiping but it was really tiring. Swiping all the time was really fatiguing,” Hall explains.
With gameplay and design progressing Hall turned his attention ensuring the game would make money.
“At this stage we didn't know how we wanted to monetize the game. We knew we wanted to make it free, that was really important. We wanted to make a phenomenon and you're not going to make a paid-game phenomenon anymore. And we also wanted players to play over a long period of time, which is the antithesis of a throw-away arcade title. And we also wanted players share what they were doing with their friends,“ he says.
Hall wanted the game to appeal to children and therefore wanted to avoid the exploitative monetisation techniques seen in many free-to-play games, which Hall believes creates a false perception of value.
“In order for your free-to-play game to succeed you have to be able to craft it so it makes enough money, per user, that you can afford to advertise. And that's really scary. Money in minus money out is your profit,” says Hall.
“It's not just scary, but it's enormously restrictive on game design where every decision you make has to maximise revenue.”
Hall focused on the aspects that he determined were essential for any free-to-play game to be successful: retention, virality and re-engagement.
“I spent at least a third to a half of my time on Crossy Road optimising these three things,” he reveals.
“Retention is having the player play for as long as they can and they still want to come back tomorrow. Virality is having players share the game with their friends for a whole number of reasons. We wanted our players to advertise it for us essentially.”
The team were conscious that despite the need to create revenue it was of utmost importance that the player was never frustrated or distracted enough to quit the game. Even failure should be fun.
“The last place you want a player to feel bad is when they've just lost a game. So maybe a player feels frustrated with their own skills, or worse, that the game feels unfair. And the result is that they'll quit and they won't come back,” says Hall.
“So instead of making people upset at the end of the game we tried to make it funny.”
It was Sum's grandma who confirmed that their instincts were correct.
“I showed her the game, she tapped the screen twice and jumped straight into the side of a car but she lit up and laughed as hard as I have ever seen her laugh. That was a really special moment as we had crafted that experience.”
It was the end screen banner that perhaps held the key to Crossy Road's success. Each game over banner displays an ever-changing number of options.
“That's actually the most important system in the game, outside of the game itself,” says Hall.
“The system is slowly introduced to the player but it's actually quite heavily randomised. I found that if you show the same thing to the player all the time your brain tends to ignore it. Mixing it up and getting people to react to these systems in a positive way was absolutely crucial for retention and virality.”
One indicator of its success can be found in Crossy Road's high review scores. We are all used to games constantly asking us to endorse them but Hall astutely realised that there was a wrong and right time to ask.
“That ‘Rate Us' banner only pops up after you have played the game for a little while. So once you have collected three or four characters and you just won a cool character, so you're feeling really good about the game, rate us! And what that means is that we have one of the best and most highly reviewed apps on the App Store. Our reviews are way above anyone else's,” says Hall.
“Anyone looking to make a Crossy Road clone, should look here.”
This commitment to retaining the player's attention meant that traditional interstitial ads were off the table, as they gave players the perfect opportunity to leave the game. Video advertising proved to be the answer but care was taken to make the experience as rewarding as possible.
“The key thing is to ensure that the time the player spends watching that ad, 15 to 30 seconds, you reward them with something that would take them much longer than that. And then they are happy to click and watch and save time,” explains Hall.
Release
Buying characters was also a key revenue stream, with its inspiration coming some the likes of DoTA 2 and Heroes of the Storm – games Sum was playing in his spare time.
“We decided on this as our model. Every character in the app costs a dollar, it's transparent and people know what they are getting when they buy,” he says.
The game was submitted in October 2014. Hall and Sum were nervous about launching at such a crowded time but were lucky when Apple highlighted the game, giving it early momentum. Hall is remarkably open regarding the game's financial achievements. The game proved instantly successful, pulling in $600,000 from the App store, mostly from advertising. After a brief trail-off the game took another upswing, this time attributed to returning school kids. And then, in late November, PewDiePie played the game using the PewDiePug character as the hook.
“With PewDiePug we were just giving a nod to YouTube culture,” says Hall. “It wasn't cynical at all but it worked really well.”
Crossy Road continued to grow but Hall wanted to find out why character purchases were performing so poorly in comparison to advertising revenues? It was a problem of clarity and choice.
“How could players work out what a character did before they unlocked it? We had originally hoped this would happen through word of mouth. We needed to make the bond stronger,” says Sum.
They made a change to how the new characters are presented to the player, adding a try option and the incentive of bonus coins. The effect was a change in the ratio between in-app purchases and advertising from 1:6 to 1:2. With a successful Christmas – the game generated $125,000 on Christmas day – and the release on Google Play, Crossy Road was officially a massive hit. But there was still more to come.
“Our Australia day update featured 16 new characters”. says Hall.
This updated resulted in the game's biggest ever revenue day and it soon reached $6.4 million generated from the App Store alone.
If Hipster Whale aimed to make Crossy Road a phenomenon it's true to say they succeeded. The numbers speak for themselves. In 90 days the game was downloaded 50 millions times and was number one in 39 countries. So far the game has generated over $10m in revenue across the App Store, Google Play and Amazon. This is all the more remarkable when you consider Hipster Whale's investment in user acquisition.
Absolutely nothing. Zero dollars.
It's all too easy to be critical of success, particularly in the mobile space, but the truth is that the team at Hipster Whale are as smart as they are creative. They analysed how the free-to-play market works, they made sure they had a tight game mechanic that was accessible and addictive, and they monetized the game in a non-aggressive way.
Hall finishes with a call to experiment and step away from the usual techniques.
“We encourage you to mess with Free-to-play a little bit. Our tiny team can take on the App store giants, not beat them in terms of revenue, but give them a fright. Just remember that people do love to try new things.”
Back to Bill. Note that there are two different rhythms undergirding this sequence: that of the cuts, and that of the music. There's no jarring disconnection (Kubrick ain't Godard), merely a recognition of two cohabiting emotions to match our cohabiting couple. The edits emphasize the distance between their lives (sociology), while the music draws us back to the previous evening, hinting that what the Harfords saw, did, and failed to see or do last night is still haunting them (psychology). But the specific thematic conclusions matter less than the general sense of intertwined realities, of fates colliding and converging, of the gaps between image and reality, exterior presentation and interior self. Eyes Wide Shut isn't a meta-film in the style of its separated-at-birth sister Mulholland Drive, but both movies work to expose the mesmerizing spectacle of moviemaking as analogous to (or even representative of) cultural norms in which beauty and wealth (treated in Eyes Wide Shut as practically synonymous) cover up abuse and alienation. Yet the ugly Real always pokes through, and Kubrick's cinema is the ideal vessel for such disturbing hints.
It's all about priming your audience. If I just say “Eyes Wide Shut is about an empty wealthy asshole slowly realizing the implications of his emptiness, wealth, and assholery,” that sounds trite, pretentious, and not worth watching. But, as Tolkien said, the tale grows in the telling–or to quote the agreed-upon American Tolkien, George R.R. Martin: “Ideas are cheap. I have more ideas now than I could ever write up. To my mind, it's the execution that is all-important.” What a movie does, how it works, what it means, and what it is are not exactly identical questions, but the means by which they interact is what separates the great movies from the bad, and even the most casual audience can tell the difference.
Anywho, Bill is examining a near-naked patient. He listens to her heartbeat (the seat of our self-sustenance in both literal and metaphorical terms), nods and removes his stethoscope. “That's fine, you can put your gown on.”
Oho, our Billy Boy (which I just realized is the name of the rapist rival gang leader in Kubrick's Clockwork Orange, another movie about the failure of refined institutional intellect to inculcate collective morality) is quite uncomfortable! Why?
Well, we don't and can't and won't know, and that's partially the point of cinema: to position us firmly outside the characters, deprived of the direct plunging into thought offered by first-person literature. That uncertainty can be rejected by filmmakers desperate to tell and not show, or it can be super-productive and interesting, a way to illustrate a story built around gaps and ambiguities, like 2001, or The Shining, or Eyes Wide Shut.
Is Bill uncomfortable because he's thinking about Mandy, the last naked lady he saw to? He wasn't nearly this awkward with her. Maybe because Victor was watching, and he didn't want to seem too into his rich client's kept woman, nor anything less than a dependable servant. (Of course, a nurse is watching him examine the patient; Bill forever feels our eyes on him.) Mandy's story is structurally and emotionally central to Eyes Wide Shut, despite her relative lack of screen time, because her plight is echoed throughout the movie. This mirroring suggests the extent to which Mandy's fall represents a larger social problem–and the extent to which Bill becomes obsessed with consummating their brief relationship, mediated through class and profession as it was.
Back at the Harford sanctum, Alice brushes Helena's hair. The latter's red shirt matches the prominent curtains in the background, emphasizing the littlest Harford's harmony with her environment, as do the Snoopy clock and the picture of the sleepy panda behind her. Alice, by contrast, is dressed in cool blue; she stands out from her surroundings, but remember that blue is a color associated with Bill and his emotions throughout EWS. Alice cannot escape. Bill examines a young boy's throat while his mom waits in the background (again, constant observation, grounding the protagonist in his cultural context) next to one of those letter-pyramid vision tests, reminding us we're watching a film about sight and comprehension of what is seen, from the title on down. Underneath the music, we hear one of the key lines in the movie. “Looking forward to Christmas?” Bill asks his patient. The latter nods, a little smile emerging on his face. “Does it hurt?” The smile fades, and the boy mumbles an affirmation. Now, of course, Bill is referring to the kid's throat, but Kubrick's surgically (heh) precise dialogue hints that the “looking forward to Christmas” is what hurts. The unhealthy anticipation, the conflation of material wealth and spiritual fulfillment, the inevitable alienation and disillusionment that follows…these are all central subjects of Eyes Wide Shut, as applied to sex and status along with Christmas.
And look what we cut to next! Alice, naked from behind, as the camera slowly tracks up to find her struggling with a bra. We have returned to the film's first shot: the uneasy coexistence of Glamor Alice and “Real” Alice, both of whom share an uncertain relationship to IRL Nicole Kidman. Is this exploitative, a leering male gaze? Well, look at the next shot. Bill slowly elevates a patient's leg, waiting for the pain to kick in. Suddenly, the office is shot as cramped, confining, a coffin. Again, “there's always a nurse present,” as Bill journeys from sex to youth to death. You are being watched, either by a specific death-sex-cult or by the general pressures of society that have long since infected your own instincts. Cut to Alice applying deodorant while Helena brushes her teeth.
What are we seeing here? Bill helping bodies, Alice as a body. Both are engaged with upkeep, maintenance, appearances–we don't see Bill delivering any diagnoses or prescribing medication, only gauging his patients' reactions. So Bill is perceptive enough, in his own way, making his inability to comprehend Alice's inner life all the more glaring. That Alice's body is exposed lustfully right before we cut to Bill finding the pain-spot in an older patient grounds sexual desire in the body's fleshy mortality; Kubrick turns us on only to remind us that all erotic bodies wither and die…unless they're preserved on screen, like Victor's renaissance bronzes. The shot of Alice and Helena in the bathroom, then, brings it full circle by collapsing objectified beauty and the day-to-day requirements of maintaining that beauty into the same frame. Eyes Wide Shut dares to look behind beauty, but in an insidious and non-grandstandy manner.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — In his online biography, a campaign video and speeches, Missouri Republican gubernatorial candidate Eric Greitens recounts how he volunteered in Bosnia to help children orphaned or separated from their families by a horrific ethnic war.
But the refugee camps he visited as a college student in summer 1994 actually were in neighboring Croatia. Only in recent years has he increasingly referred to his work as occurring in Bosnia.
The discrepancy in Greitens' description of his past is notable because his gubernatorial campaign against Democratic Attorney General Chris Koster is built largely upon his remarkable resume. He's an Oxford-educated author and public speaker. A humanitarian who has documented the conditions of the downtrodden around the world. And a Navy SEAL officer who survived an attack in Iraq.
Leading up to his victory in the Aug. 2 Republican primary, Greitens stressed his Navy SEAL background with ads showing him shooting large guns and causing a fiery explosion. But he has showcased a softer side since then. His first online video for the general election highlighted his humanitarian efforts, as Greitens declared into the camera: “I went to work in refugee camps in Bosnia.”
Asked by The Associated Press why he refers to his refugee work in Bosnia as opposed to Croatia, Greitens replied: “When you think about the violence, people recognize and they understand what happened in Bosnia, and they understand working with Bosnian refugees.”
Although Greitens denies any political motivations for his word choice, there nonetheless is a potential political advantage to citing Bosnia instead of Croatia. Missouri has one of the largest Bosnian refugee populations in the world. And to the extent voters remember the fighting in the Balkans, citing Bosnia rather than Croatia probably provokes a stronger sense “that there must have been something heroic going on,” said Wayne Fields, a retired English professor from Washington University in St. Louis whose expertise is in political rhetoric.
About 100,000 people were killed in Bosnia during a 1992-1995 war following the collapse of the former Yugoslavia, which had been composed of Bosnia, Croatia, Serbia and several other republics. A United Nations war crimes court recently convicted the former Bosnian Serb leader of genocide against Bosnian Muslims.
As a 20-year-old student at Duke University, Greitens was one of several undergraduates who went to Europe on a summer trip organized by professor Neil Boothby to help evaluate the Unaccompanied Children in Exile aid program. Greitens spent a few weeks at a refugee camp near Pula, Croatia, along the Adriatic Sea, then a few more weeks at a camp near Osijek. Both housed people who had fled from ethnic fighting in Bosnia.
When describing his work during a recent speech to Missouri Farm Bureau members, Greitens said he had been invited by a teacher “to go to Bosnia,” and he noted the “vicious campaigns of ethnic cleansing that were happening in Bosnia.” Greitens said the experience taught him important lessons about leadership and led him to take future trips to help children in Rwanda, Cambodia and elsewhere.
“Bosnia was challenging,” Boothby said in a recent interview with The Associated Press, “but he wasn't close to that, he was in Croatia.”
Greitens told the AP that although the “vast majority of the work” was in Croatia, he did enter Bosnian areas for meetings with other international nonprofit groups during a time of fluctuating borders.
Greitens' descriptions of his refugee work appear to have changed over time. Shortly after returning home, Greitens recounted his six weeks in Croatia for an Aug. 9, 1994, story in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. In 2005, the Duke Chronicle student newspaper similarly quoted Greitens as saying: “When I was working in Croatia… it was extraordinarily safe and far from conflict.”
His online biographies also initially included Croatia on the list of places he did humanitarian work. A search of archived internet sites shows that by June 2012, “Croatia” had been replaced by “Bosnia” in biographies on EricGreitens.com and The Mission Continues, a nonprofit group Greitens founded to provide volunteer opportunities for veterans. Although some biographies since then have mentioned Croatia, his current campaign biography lists Bosnia.
The St. Louis area, where Greitens lives, now is home to the largest Bosnian population in the U.S — about 70,000 residents — many of whom arrived as refugees since the 1990s.
“I think he's trying to get the Bosnian community” to support his campaign, said Sadik Kukic, a Bosnian refugee who came to St. Louis in 1993 and now is president of the local Bosnian Chamber of Commerce.
Kukic isn't bothered by Greitens' descriptions of being in Bosnia when he primarily was in Croatia.
“Maybe he messed it up,” Kukic said. But “whoever offered any kind of help for these people did a really big thing.”
Bosnian refugee Akif Cogo, who is president of the nonprofit St. Louis Bosnians Inc., is similarly forgiving toward Greitens.
“There's definitely a distinction between the two places,” Cogo said. But “if he was helping Bosnian refugees in Pula and Croatia, more praise to him, he did a good deed.”
___
Follow David A. Lieb at: http://twitter.com/DavidALieb
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Try Harder
It's a sad day when people have to try and make money by lying to millions about doing it for a good cause.
Back in 2006, rock star musician Sting held a charity concert at Carnegie Hall in order to help save the world's rainforests.
The celebrity packed event helped to raise Millions! So you would think all went well?
Hardly!
According to charity watchdogs and a review of tax records, it was uncovered that even though millions were made in the concert, less than half of that money went to forest saving charities.
A spokesperson for Charity Navigator, said this charity event “would fall to the bottom of the bucket,” as almost all charity events give about 75% or more from the money raised.
So it's no surprise that Sitng's Rainforest Foundation in New York is rated one of the worst charities.
The next of Sting's annual concerts is set to take place this Thursday, with the lineup including Billy Joel and James Taylor among others.
But why bother donating if they're keeping most of the money?
Another issue people are having problems with is the hoarding of donations by Sting's charity, which in 2006 reported $10 million in assets (keeping almost $5 million in cash). Charities rarely keep more than is need to pay a year's worth of expenses.
The director from the Better Business Bureau's Wise Giving Alliance said, “What are they doing with the money? They have more than five times what they would normally spend in a year in reserves.”
Sting started his charity with his wife and a Belgian photographer, Jean Pierre Dutilleux, back in 1989.
Although Sting would not return requests for a comment, as would no one from the charity's office in New York, Dutilleux did comment.
He says, “I have kept quiet for almost 20 years, hoping for improvement. But enough is enough. Everything is true or worse.”
Shady!!! Wonder how it could be worse??? Speak Dutilleux, speak!
[Image via WENN.]
Pattern 9 (1.29v.3) is a rather strange one. So strange, that the translator speculates that the cut to the left ear should really be aimed at the right. Here is that translation,
Item, gather for a high stroke with the short edge from the right at his left, but in the air cross your hands and strike with the short edge at his left [right?] ear, as you can see it in the two figures on the upper left in Image C. Pull your crossed hands back up, and strike with a Thwart back from below to his left ear.
I have a speculative video on this from a few weeks back, but I won't post it because now I think its garbage. It worked really well that one day, and not at all since then.
Working Backwards
From the onset, you are asked to gather for a high stroke with the short edge. Why? What possible reason would you have for trying what basically amounts to a Schielhauw from the onset?
Well the most common reason for using a Schielhauw is to break Pflug. Ok, how does that work? Just throwing a Schielhauw to his head when he's standing there doesn't make much sense.
But would he just be standing there? If someone is hanging out in Pflug, they are probably thinking about thrusting at you. Especially you go for the head…
Well that's the ticket. If someone is in Pflug, you pretend to throw a headshot with a Zornhauw in order to draw the thrust. But really you were prepped for a Schielhauw, which is quite effective at countering thrusts.
Going Forwards Again
Ok, so here's your setup. Seeing your opponent waiting in Pflug, you gather for a Schielhauw.
Your opponent is expecting this, and begins his counter is a way to defeat the Schielhauw. But you don't complete it, instead you pass your left foot to his right side and cut behind his sword at his left ear using the second or cross-armed Schielhauw.
Aiming for the left ear makes it harder for him to parry. He has less room to work and a weak parry just means you hit him in the top of the head or right ear.
After that you throw the Zwerch to his left while stepping towards the same with your right foot.
But Wait, That Doesn't Match the Illustration
True, but only if we are assuming that he is using the illustration to show the crossed-arm Schielhauw and its counter. If we instead assume that he is only using the illustration to show the attack, and the counter is unimportant, this fits our narrative.
Normally I am against such a claim, but this isn't the only passage that refers this illustration. He also uses it for the unrelated Einhorn Device 1, suggesting that he picked this because it was close enough rather than drawing the illustration specifically for this play.
Advertisements
It took me a while to recognise what I was seeing. It was an ordinary campsite in Pembrokeshire: a square field with tents around the perimeter. But it had a curious effect on the children staying there. Young people who had seldom experienced daylight slowly emerged from their tents and were drawn towards the centre of the field. Bats and balls left on the grass mysteriously appeared in their hands. Children with no prior interest in sport started playing football, cricket and rounders. Little kids ran around with older ones. As children of all classes played together, their parents started talking to each other. It hit me with some force: we had reinvented the village green.
We are, to a surprising extent, what the built environment makes us. Academic papers show that many of the problems we blame on individual behaviour are caused in part by the places in which we live. People are more likely to help their neighbours in quiet areas, for instance, than in noisy ones. A long series of studies across several countries, beginning in San Francisco in 1969, shows unequivocally that communities become weaker as the volume of traffic on their streets increases.
Other papers show that people's use of shared spaces is strongly influenced by trees: the more there are, the more time people spend there and the larger the groups in which they gather. A further study shows that, partly as a result, vegetation in common spaces strengthens social ties. In greener places, people know more of their neighbours, are more likely to help each other and have stronger feelings of belonging. Social isolation is strongly associated with an absence of green spaces.
One fascinating paper shows that crime rates are also strongly affected by vegetation. In housing projects in Chicago with equal levels of poverty, taking account of factors such as size of buildings and vacancy rates, there's a clear association between the absence of greenery and both property crime and violent crime.
Another set of studies demonstrates a relationship between urban planning and body mass index. Where settlements are dense – and therefore able to support public transport – and close to shops, workplaces and recreation places, people are more likely to walk and cycle and less likely to be fat. One paper shows that women living in mixed places, where houses and amenities are close together, have a risk of coronary heart disease 20% lower than women living in areas which contain only houses. Suburban sprawl is partly to blame for obesity. (The references for all these papers are on my website).
Build loose suburbs carved up by busy roads and without green spaces and you help to create a population of fat, lonely people plagued by criminals. Build dense, leafy settlements with mixed uses, protected from traffic, and you help to create safe, fit and friendly communities.
In Sunday's Observer the doctor Steve Field blamed public health problems squarely and solely on sufferers and their parents. It's true that we must take as much responsibility as we can for our health. But Field, like most conservatives, ignores the social and political context, condemning people for problems they cannot tackle alone. He lambasts us for eating junk food while saying nothing about manufacturers who ensure that it's as addictive as the regulations allow. He suggests we should encourage children to get outside and play games. Of course we should, but if there is no safe place nearby in which they can do so we're wasting our breath.
Here's one picture of what a fit, safe and functional community might look like. There's nothing radical or new about it: similar developments have been built for centuries (and most are now monopolised by the rich). Houses or apartment blocks are built densely around a square of shared green space. It is big enough for playing ball games, but without fixed goalposts, allowing children and adults to define the space for themselves. It could contain trees; perhaps rocks or logs to climb on. There might be a corner of uncut meadow, or flowerbeds or fruit bushes. The space will work best when it is designed and managed by the people who live there.
Most important, the houses face inwards, and no cars are allowed inside the square: the roads serve only the backs of the buildings. The square is overlooked by everyone, which means that children can run in and out of their houses unsupervised, create their own tribes and learn their own rules, without fear of traffic accidents or molesters. They have a place in which to run wild without collecting asbos.
There's a council estate a bit like this across the road from my house. Whenever I pass through it on a dry day in the holidays, I see dozens of children playing there. On the other estates here you seldom see children out of doors, for the obvious reason that there is nowhere to play. Proximity is everything: if a park is far away, most families won't go there. Walking across a city with a small child is no one's idea of entertainment.
Those who need such spaces most are the socially excluded. Because of poverty, unemployment and poorer health, they leave their neighbourhoods less often than the affluent. But they tend to have the least access to green spaces. A study of Greater Manchester, for instance, shows that wealthy parts of the city have tree cover of about 10%, the poor neighbourhoods just 2%. Housing built around village greens need be no more expensive and no less dense, just better planned and better regulated.
Instead, whenever I visit a new estate, I see only lost opportunities: houses that turn their backs on each other; spaces that should be dedicated to playing reserved instead for parking; loneliness and exclusion built into the plan. We have allowed property developers and weak planning to define who we are and what we shall become. As the government launches a new scheme for ensuring that more houses are built, we must demand that it recognises a truth all these studies point to: that there is such a thing as society.
Pitt's season comes to a close on Friday against Miami. After defeating Syracuse, the Panthers are already bowl-eligible. But a seventh win will give Pitt a better chance at landing in a slightly better bowl.
Winning against Miami won't be easy, though.
Lots of hope has been given to Pitt fans as the Hurricanes lost three straight games after a 7-0 start. But it's not as if the Hurricanes have been losing to bad teams. First, they were defeated by Florida State, who has beaten down on everyone. After that, they lost to Virginia Tech and Duke. In all three games, Miami was beaten soundly. But again, we're talking about some quality teams there.
Looking at common opponents, it's been a bit of a mixed result. The Panthers beat Duke while Miami lost to them and both teams played equally bad against Florida State. But Miami routed Georgia Tech and narrowly beat North Carolina while Pitt lost to both schools. Both teams beat Virginia, but the Hurricanes had less trouble. Both teams lost to Virginia Tech, but Pitt did so in a less embarrassing fashion.
Miami gets the slight advantage to me, but there are reasons the Panthers can win, too.
As far as quality wins, it's pretty close but Pitt probably gets a slight edge. The Hurricanes beat Florida early this season in what looked to be a landmark win, but the Gators have since stumbled to a losing season. Miami has quality wins over teams like Georgia Tech and North Carolina. Pitt has the big Notre Dame win and that Duke victory turned out to be a pretty good one.
I like the fact that Pitt gets Miami in a cold-weather environment. Of course that's no guarantee for success, but does it help? Probably a little.
The game is also at home and that's always an advantage. What kind of crowd shows up on a holiday weekend is anybody's guess, but attendance should be better with the win over Syracuse. Throw in the fact that it's Senior Day and the last home game for guys like Aaron Donald and Devin Street, and that's another thing of note.
Lastly, Miami is without star running back Duke Johnson, who is out for the season. The Hurricanes running game has stalled in two of the three games since with only 118 yards combined against the Hokies and Cavaliers.
Add it up and it's a game Pitt can win. But I'm still not convinced the Panthers will come out on top since I think Miami is still a pretty good team. At first glance, Pitt will have a chance, but aren't the favorites.
How the Palestinian national football team beat the odds in battle to get to Asian Cup in Australia
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Palestinian footballers debate Israeli cameraman (ABC News)
Imagine, just for a moment, that the Socceroos, the Hockeyroos, the Wallabies or the Matildas are about to depart for the biggest sports match in Australian history.
But instead of waltzing through passport control and flying out of Sydney airport in first-class comfort, they have to go through three overland border crossings manned by the militaries of three different countries, with no guarantee they will be permitted to leave.
It is unimaginable — unless you are Palestinian.
While other teams competing at the 2015 Asian Cup in January arrived in Australia without issue, for the Palestinians, just making it out of their nascent state — which is not yet recognised by Australia — was a battle in itself.
With no international airport in the West Bank or Gaza, their football players faced a geopolitical steeplechase out of the Palestinian Territories, past Israeli and Jordanian border patrols at Allenby Bridge and on to Amman airport before the short haul to Dubai and then the long haul to Australia.
But the complicated journey, filmed by a team for the ABC's Foreign Correspondent program, was just one of the many hurdles faced by the footballers.
Assistant coach Saeb Jundiyeh lives in Shujaiyah, the area of Gaza which was hit worst during last year's bloody war between Israel and Hamas. The top two floors of his home were destroyed by Israeli air strikes.
While he has a wife and five kids, he also has another family — the Palestinian national team. His melancholy is self-evident, but he has a higher calling: to put a smile on the faces of the world's 12 million Palestinians.
"If you think you are only playing football, you are wrong," he instructs his players.
"You are the Palestinian ambassador to the world, just like a politician or a foreign minister."
Midfielder Abdelhamid Abu Habib was born in Khan Yunis refugee camp in Gaza. He moved to the West Bank to further his football career.
Ironically, it is now almost easier for him to travel to Australia than to go home to Gaza to see his mum.
"I miss him," his mother tells Foreign Correspondent.
"When I see him on TV I feel sad, because I can't touch him."
Then there is striker Sameh Maraaba, who was jailed last year for seven months. Israel says he conspired with the enemy, acting as a courier for Hamas.
Maraaba denied the allegations and maintained his innocence.
A spokesman for the Israeli ministry of foreign affairs, Paul Hirschon, said: "We had concrete information he was transferring or involved in the potential transfer of communications equipment and also of finance."
The Palestine Football Association said Maraaba was simply carrying money back to his football club on the West Bank on behalf of a man living in Qatar who had previously been jailed by Israel as a member of Hamas.
"He met an ex-colleague of the club, a player who donated some money to the club," Jibril Rajoub, the president of the Palestine Football Association, said.
"If someone from Hamas is going to make a donation to the association, what's the problem in that?"
Whatever the truth, Maraaba never made it to Australia. Detained at the last minute at Allenby Bridge, he was denied exit, blacklisted for his alleged link to Hamas.
Against this backdrop, the team's footballers are the ultimate underdogs. It was a miracle they made it into Asia's top 16 teams, especially considering what went on behind the scenes once they finally made it to Australia.
Well after midnight on the eve of the most important match in their history, a group of the players gathered inside a bathroom in a hotel room in Newcastle.
They were due to face Japan, the defending champions, the next day — but you would never know it.
While the Japanese were tucked up in bed in the very same hotel, the Palestinians were busy hamming it up for the cameras while getting haircuts and beard trims from a local Palestinian barber.
The twenty-somethings wanted to make sure they looked their best for a global TV audience of hundreds of millions.
If the Palestinian players were jubilant just to be here, their fans in Australia were ecstatic. Thousands flocked to the matches in Newcastle, Melbourne and Canberra.
For the three Odeh brothers from Melbourne, just witnessing their national anthem and their flag flying inside the stadium triggered a rush of raw emotion.
"Our flag is up; it's up there," one of the Odeh brothers screamed inside Melbourne's stadium.
The other brother replied: "We're recognised — that's what it's all about."
Ultimately, what happened on the pitch was nothing short of a disaster; three crushing defeats, 11 goals conceded, and one solitary goal scored.
But for so many Palestinians, the scores were irrelevant; what was relevant was their recognition in a country whose Government still does not recognise Palestine.
Foreign Correspondent: Pitch Battle airs on ABC TV at 8:00pm.
Dan Goldberg is an award winning film-maker and journalist. Code of Silence, co-produced with Danny Ben-Moshe, won the 2014 Walkley Award for Documentary and his series Brilliant Creatures has been nominated for a 2015 Logie Award.
Topics: world-politics, soccer, sport, palestinian-territory-occupied, australia
First posted
Some 23 million farmers in drought-hit Southern Africa need urgent help to prepare for the next planting season with only a few weeks left before it begins, the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO) said on Thursday.
FAO said failure to help farmers in time with seeds, fertiliser and tools would result in a smaller harvest in March 2017, and leave millions of rural families dependent on humanitarian assistance until mid-2018.
“We must make the most of this small window of opportunity and make sure that farmers are ready to plant by October when the rains start,” David Phiri, FAO subregional coordinator for Southern Africa, said in a statement.
“The main way people are able to access food is through what they themselves produce. Assisting them to do this will provide lifesaving support in a region where at least 70 per cent of people rely on agriculture for their livelihoods.”
More than 60 million people, two thirds of them in east and southern Africa, are facing food shortages because of droughts linked to El Nino, a warming of sea-surface temperatures in the Pacific Ocean, according to the United Nations.
FAO said the effects of the drought were expected to peak between January and March 2017.
“ Assisting them to do this will provide lifesaving support in a region where at least 70 per cent of people rely on agriculture for their livelihoods. David Phiri, subregional coordinator for Southern Africa, FAO
Botswana, Swaziland, South Africa, Namibia and Zimbabwe reported more than 640,000 drought-related livestock deaths due to disease outbreaks and a lack of pasture and water, FAO said.
It said it needed at least $109 million to help farmers and cattle herders in 10 countries that requested assistance: Lesotho, Madagascar, Malawi, Mozambique, Namibia, South Africa, Swaziland, Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe.
On Tuesday, the Southern African economic bloc, SADC, declared El Nino-induced drought a regional disaster, and called for $2.4 billion to help 40 million people in the region fight hunger.
The United Nations weather agency said on Thursday a La Nina event, which brings below-average sea surface temperatures in the Pacific, may develop in the third quarter of the year but it was likely to be weak and far less intense than the El Nino event that ended in May.
FAO urged investments in drought-tolerant seeds and climate-smart agriculture to enable rural families to prepare for and withstand future weather extremes.
This story was published with permission from Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, corruption and climate change. Visit news.trust.org.
1.install BOTH Virtual C 2015 runtime 32 AND 64 bit I 2. nstall GNU radio, msys, and wintelive as per instructions of curly boy 3.check for tetra channels with SDR sharp. If signal(s) is well above noise floor Wright down strongest channels on a paper. If signal is very low you need a proper antenna cut for the tetra frequencies in your area.If you need help with the UHF antenna check this http://www.changpuak.ch/electronics/lambda_4_gp.php. DON'T use excessive gain id SDR-sharp. Reason is with too much noise, program will not decode tetra traffic or decode partially due to the noise. Check with SDR how much gain is necessary without raising noise floor and write it down. 4 Reserve resources from your computer, that is switch off all unessasary processes ! VERY IMPORTANT, switch off antiviruses, windows wall, windows defender, wifi, google crash etc this will help to take an idea https://support.focusrite.com/hc/en-gb/articles/207546695-Optimising-your-PC-for-audio-on-Windows-8 5 Press control-alt-delete and again kill all unnecessary processes 6 Open wintelive_10channels.grc with GNU radio and DISABLE all 10 channels in the GNU graphic except one, that you are left with ONE channel (press on each box and select “disable” 7. On the left of GNU grafic find “Variable ID:sdr-gain” box and replace 33 with the gain you found necessary from SDR sharp 8 Next to it is “Variable ID:sdr_ifgain” box replace the 20 with something accordingly to the sdr gain you inputted for exemple for sdr-_gain 18 sdr_ifgain gain should be 10 8 Execute the flow graph. Wait for everyhting to load and the graphic to start working 9 open msys and type” muxrec 1 ” . That you are going to use ONLY one channel 10 open wintelive. Don't use “allscan”, “bandscan” they work very poorly. Enter manually the frequency of your preference that you found from SDR-sharp and you wrote down on paper.. Press tune. Program should start to work. New frequencies will start to appear on the “Discovered frequencies” box 11 Check if you are having a lot of SDS messages. That means everything is OK. You should hear voice Now !!!! 12. if you are sick and tired of the litlle wav files download http://s000.tinyupload.com/?file_id=82874511767130783086 and replace wintelive exe with this, with the new new exe wav's will not be written and program will not crash after shutting down SDS messages box. (program is not mine it's from “holger”…)﻿
U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley waits to meet Israeli President Reuven Rivlin in his residence in Jerusalem, Israel, Wednesday, June 7, 2017. (Debbie Hill/Pool photo via AP)
JERUSALEM (AP) — President Donald Trump's ambassador to the United Nations said Wednesday the U.S. will not allow the U.N. to “bully” Israel anymore.
Nikki Haley spoke Wednesday in Jerusalem a day after she berated the U.N.'s top human rights body for ignoring countries with horrendous human rights records while focusing obsessively on Israel.
Israel has long complained of ingrained anti-Israel bias within the U.N., where Israel and its allies are far outnumbered by Arab countries and their supporters.
Haley told Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu the approach toward Israel at the U.N. was a “habit.” She said “the U.N was such a bully to Israel because they could.”
In a meeting with President Reuven Rivlin, Haley said “I have never taken kindly to bullies and the U.N. has bullied Israel for a very long time and we are not going to let that happen anymore.” She said “it is a new day for Israel in the United Nations.”
Rivlin said Israel sees in her support a new era where “Israel is no longer the U.N's punching bag.” He added that “we have a long way to go” for change there and also at the Human Rights Council which he said “has been hijacked as a weapon against Israel” and in UNESCO “where they seek to rub out the history of the Jewish people.”
Recent resolutions by UNESCO, the U.N. cultural body, drew outrage in Israel for diminishing the deep Jewish ties to Jerusalem.
Haley is in the region after speaking in Geneva at the U.N. Human Rights Council which she rebuked as a “forum for politics, hypocrisy and evasion” that allows rights abusers to whitewash their images and foes of Israel to criticize the Jewish state unfairly.
Haley used an academic forum in Geneva to pinpoint two reforms sought by the United States: the use of competitive elections to choose the council's 47 members and removal of Israel as a permanent fixture on its agenda — the only country in the world that is.
Later Wednesday, Haley met with Palestinian Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah in Ramallah, her office said in a statement. It said they discussed the humanitarian situation in the Gaza Strip as well as the work of UNWRA, a U.N. agency that helps Palestinians.
Google's sudden decision to sunset Reader — perhaps the best-known RSS reader ever made — has been met with swift reaction from high-profile users across the web. Here's a sampling of people asking to save an RSS service on Google... all coming from the service that probably helped kill it in the first place: Twitter.
From Twitter's Jim Prosser:
Couldn't @google at least open-source Reader like they did with Wave (a tool with far, far fewer devotees)? A sad day. — Jim Prosser (@jimprosser) March 13, 2013
From MetaFilter founder Matt Haughey:
I guess I'll be exporting to the old reader theoldreader.com. Also: fuck you Google for taking away one of my favorite tools AGAIN. — Matt Haughey (@mathowie) March 13, 2013
From gdgt co-founder Ryan Block:
Hey @google, you really need to do the internet a solid here. Reader is still heavily used. At least sell it off to someone else to operate. — Ryan Block (@ryan) March 13, 2013
From The New York Times' David Carr:
Always read about pulled plugs on product and say, no biggie. But #GoogleReader? They are shutting down my jam. bit.ly/X8bldR — david carr (@carr2n) March 13, 2013
From Phone Scoop's Eric Zeman:
Google Reader is the single most important tool I use every day to do my job effectively. — Eric Zeman (@phonescooper) March 13, 2013
Some gallows humor from Pinboard:
Thank God they spared Orkut — Pinboard (@Pinboard) March 13, 2013
Felicia Day chimes in:
Welfare's share of total spending has fallen over the past decade and Australians are less welfare-dependent, not more
The release of the Forrest review into Indigenous training and employment contains numerous interesting recommendations to improve Indigenous employment opportunities, but his recommendation for welfare provided through income management for all welfare holders is based on what has become a persistently false view of social security in Australia.
Forrest's report is certainly very well meant and there is no doubting his desire to see improvements in the lives of Indigenous peoples. The report contains some good suggestions and points of view – especially with regard to training leading to a job, rather than just training for the sake of it.
But the report and statements he has made betray a view of welfare as a negative that needs to be reduced and which holds back rather than helps people. It's a view based on ignorance rather than facts.
In Saturday's the Weekend Australian, Forrest wrote an opinion piece explaining his report and approach. The article began by setting out his foundation position on welfare in Australia: “One-third of all government spending is on welfare and welfare-related social security. That's a massive $131bn last year and growing year by year.”
This figure is often spouted by politicians and commentators as being significant and suggests that welfare spending is out of control. But, as I noted in June, when the same line was put forward by Joe Hockey, it's rather meaningless.
Yes, $131bn was spent last year on welfare and yes, it will grow. But that's because both inflation and population growth inherently lead to inevitable ‘year by year' growth in nominal government expenditure (and also that of private businesses).
But welfare funding as a percentage of government expenditure has actually fallen over the past decade. And the overwhelming reason social security spending is expected to grow at all over the next four years (and beyond) is because of the increase in the age pension. Take those away and social security spending as a proportion of the total government expenditure remains quite flat:
Forrest then followed up his opening sentence with an even more misguided second statement:
“Australia is becoming welfare-dependent and each of us must bear responsibility. Welfare is becoming a destination and a trap for too many of our fellow Australians.”
Now I love impassioned policy advocacy – but not when it is based on such ignorance.
Australians are not becoming welfare dependent.
As I noted in June, the latest Household, Income and Labour Dynamics in Australia (Hilda) survey showed that fewer households and individuals are dependent on welfare now than 10 years ago:
Similarly, as the most recent data from the Department of Social Services shows, the percentage of Australians on any form of welfare has also fallen over the past decade:
And finally, as ANU's Peter Whiteford has noted, based on the Hilda survey, 65% of all households received some form of welfare between 2001 and 2011, but only 11.4% of households received welfare in each of those years. And a mere 3% of households received over half of their total income during that period from welfare.
In short: Australians are becoming less welfare dependent, and people on welfare do not get trapped. People go on welfare, and then overwhelmingly get off it.
These opening lines reveal Forrest's philosophical view on welfare, and it flows through into his suggestion that people should have their income managed through use of a “health welfare card”. This card would limit the things on which people could spend their money. But it wouldn't just limit it to food, rent and utilities. Forrest also recommends the card prevent spending on things like alcohol and gambling and also any “activities discouraged by government” such as “pornography”.
It's an oddly paternalistic policy to advocate, given Forrest writes in the report how it is “time to end the paternalism”.
But aside from the fact such a policy treats those on welfare as less able than those employed, does income management work?
Luckily for us, the Parliamentary Library last year provided a research note addressing this basic point. It found that there were lots of anecdotes either way, but scant evidence to suggest changes in behaviour. It concluded that there is “little evidence to date that income management is resulting in widespread behaviour change, either with respect to building an ability to effectively manage money or in building ‘socially responsible behaviour' beyond the direct impact of limiting the amount that can be spent on some items”.
Forrest, however, asserts in his report that income management will save the government money “because individuals will move to employment more quickly as they are able to concentrate on their return to work”.
Just don't bother looking for any evidence to support this claim.
So it's not so much about achieving any aim as making sure people on welfare are not seen to waste the money. Unless you're spending money on things Forrest and the government thinks are worthwhile, you're not getting, to quote the report, “the full benefit from the welfare provided by government”.
Except, of course, Forrest does not suggest it should apply to all people on welfare: he specifically excludes “aged pensioners and veterans”. I suppose those pensioners across the country sitting in RSLs playing the pokies are just investing wisely for their future.
The view that welfare should only be spent on certain things comes from the belief that welfare is essentially a waste to the economy, and that is it mostly wasted by those who receive it. It is a view much promulgated by some in the US and, sadly, adopted by many in conservative media and politics here. It is the driver behind “work for the dole” schemes, which also have little evidence to support their achieving any of their stated aims.
But even such income management won't stop criticism of welfare as “a trap” or a waste; it just helps the critics of welfare shrink the welfare pie even more. For example, the US “food stamps” program limits the things that can be bought, but it still attracts the same criticism from the same type of people who think welfare is a blight. Instead of criticising people on welfare for not spending money on food, they just criticise what type of food is bought.
Fox News has recently made great noise complaining that people on food stamps are able to buy seafood or organically grown food. Conservative politicians such as Paul Ryan suggested such programs turned the welfare safety net into “a hammock that lulls able-bodied people to lives of dependency and complacency” or even, a “poverty trap”.
And the Republican party last year voted to cut funding for food stamps by $40bn over the next 10 years.
The critics of welfare will continue to criticise people on welfare and suggest welfare needs to be cut.
Income management may offer help for people who volunteer to go on it, but suggesting that it applies to all conveys the sense that people on welfare are to blame for their position – that they clearly lack the smarts or drive to get a job, even if they are disabled, and should be punished for not getting off welfare quickly enough.
But if we're going to institute income management, first we should also institute some fact management for commentary about welfare. With luck, it might reduce the number of statements made by able-minded people who have been lulled into dependence on stereotype and fact-free views about welfare in Australia.
Well, it was only a matter of time. The Devils placed Ilya Kovalchuk on injured reserve Sunday night after announcing he would miss two to four weeks with a shoulder injury earlier in the day.
The Devils didn't make a corresponding move, meaning they now have an empty spot on the roster. Henrik Tallinder will likely be activated at some point this week and Alexei Ponikarovsky, who was retroactively put on IR today, is eligible to be activated Wednesday.
We suspected the Devils might wait to IR Kovy until they got results of the MRI, which he was undergoing at the time of Lou Lamoriello's presser earlier this afternoon -- not that we're likely to find out the results of that test. We'll have an overall piece on the impact of Kovy's injury on the Devils as a whole and their possible trade deadline plans tomorrow.
+250% spike in "what happens if we leave the EU" in the past hourhttps://t.co/9b1d6Bsx6D  GoogleTrends (@GoogleTrends) 24 de junio de 2016
"What is the EU?" is the second top UK question on the EU since the #EURefResults were officially announced pic.twitter.com/1q4VAX3qcm  GoogleTrends (@GoogleTrends) 24 de junio de 2016
Elha sacudido los mercados de todo el mundo y deja sobre la construcción europea un aura de incertidumbre. Sin embargo, parece que muchos británicos no sabían muy bien qué estaban votando.Al tiempo que en eldel país se convertía en trending topic #WhatHaveWeDone las búsquedas demostraban que muchos ciudadanos estaban buscando ¿qué ocurre si dejamos la UE? (what happens if we leave the EU). Ocho horas después de que se cerrasen las oficinas de votación, esta pregunta se triplicaba en el popular buscador.Además, llama la atención como una vez no sólo cerradas las urnas sino anunciados los resultados oficiales, la segunda pregunta que más se hicieran los ciudadanos de Reino Unido fuese ¿Qué es la UE?Según datos de Google, el top cinco de las preguntas que se han hecho los británicos sobre el referéndum para abandonar la Unión Europea es más habitual: ¿Cómo puedo votar en el referéndum?; ¿Qué es el Brexit?; ¿Quién puede votar en el referéndum?; ¿Cuándo es el referéndum?; y ¿Dónde puedo votar?Respecto a las dudas de los británicos sobre la Unión Europea en sí, las preguntas más habituales han sido: ¿Por qué debemos permanecer en la UE?; ¿Por qué debemos abandonar la UE? Aquí sí en segunda posición; ¿Qué pasará si la dejamos?; ¿Quién ganó el debate sobre la UE?; y, por último, ¿Qué países están en la UE?
Reputable witnesses swearing by their sightings, tantalising but ultimately inconclusive evidence, enthusiastic search teams out scouring the wilderness, outlandish claims by dubious characters of creatures captured or killed, and a scientific community stubbornly unwilling to take seriously the possibility that some hairy hominid may just be living within our midst … sounds like the search for Bigfoot in 2011, right?
Well, think again. This is Yowie hunting 19th century style.
From the time those early colonials first headed out from the relative safety of the expanding settlement by the banks of Sydney Harbour into the unknown wilds of the Australian bush, stories quickly spread of terrifying encounters with a huge hairy, and often smelly, ape-like animal.
Many of those first encounters occurred in the rugged Blue Mountains that lay to the west of what is today the ever-expanding metropolis of Sydney. Check them out in The wild hairy man of the Blue Mountains.
Claims that a Yowie was shot
One of those earliest reports, from around 1820, is of the intriguing, yet unfortunately unsubstantiated, account of a colonial soldier startled by such an ape-like creature while out hunting for food. Apparently, the creature approached the unsuspecting soldier from out of the trees and began making “threatening gestures”. Obviously in fear of his life, it is said he shot the creature dead.
No convincing photo or video, no body, no DNA. But who knows? With the remoteness and ruggedness of the area, it's unlikely the soldier could've dragged such a huge body back to civilisation. He would've had little choice but to leave the carcass to quickly rot in the bush and return to camp with his more appetising bounty.
As more colonists moved into the mountains, more encounters were reported. The creature was now well known to those hardy residents of the mountains. They often referred to him as the wild hairy man or the Yahoo. Today, we affectionately know him as the Yowie. He was said to like chickens, and was blamed for raiding many a local's coop.
Opportunities for moneymaking
It didn't take long before some of the more enterprising chaps of the colony began thinking of the entrepreneurial opportunities. One such chap was Mr Cummins of the Royal Hotel in Springwood. He offered 50 pounds for the capture of a live Yahoo so that he might “fasten him up in a hen coop and exhibit him to an admiring public, or sell him as an advertisement to a hair-restorative company”.
The Australian Town and Country Journal, in August 1885 also saw the merit in Yowie hunting.
“The rising generation in and around Tarago have been almost frightened by the appearance of an orangutan, or hairy man. Some short time ago one of these certainly very peculiar animals for this country was reported as having been seen near Parker's Gap.
“Here is a chance for curiosity hunters,” the paper stated.
Yowie Hunters go bush
It was the good townspeople of Bredbo and Jingera who soon took up the challenge.
In An Esoteric Guide to Australia's Capital, weirdaustralia reported the case of the Jingera Yahoo, spotted by a young man looking after stock on a Bredbo station and later also observed by several other reputable locals. The Yahoo was described as “walking with an unsteady, swinging, and fast step, his arms being bent forward and nearly reaching the ground, whilst the colour was described as bay, between a red and chestnut”.
Perhaps it was that same entrepreneurial spirit demonstrated by Mr Cummins of the Royal Hotel, perhaps it was for the advancement of science, or perhaps it was the fact that they did not fancy a huge, hairy apeman wandering the district terrorising farmers and their stock. Whatever the reason, the Queanbeyan Age reported: “It is the intention of Bredbo and Jingera residents to scour the bush in a strong body and capture the monster alive or dead. For this purpose they will meet at Mr. Kelly's hotel … on Monday next to organise their forces and obtain a supply of ammunition.”
Unlike the high tech recording equipment and cable TV contracts of today's Bigfoot Hunters, this party of 19th century Yowie Hunters would go in search of the creature with nothing more than their guns, lots and lots of ammo, a swig or three of liquor from Mr Kelly's hotel … and quite possibly a few flaming torches and pitchforks for effect.
This early Yowie hunting party did share one similarity with their modern counterparts, however. They returned home empty-handed and extremely disappointed.
A Tom Biscardi moment?
This was not the first time that disappointment had been experienced in relation to such cryptozoological wonders. Back in October 1871, The Maitland Mercury & Hunter River General Advertiser, announced to the world, (well to the inhabitants of the Hunter Valley at least) an astonishing revelation. A mysterious creature had been captured in the Lower Hawkesbury, said to be a Bunyip or Yahoo and that “it was determined to forward the wonderful animal to Sydney, and there exhibit it to a wondering and gratified public”.
Sound familiar?
But, yes, like so many similar promising breakthroughs since, this exciting news soon proved a huge letdown for the wondering and gratification-seeking public. The article concluded with the following heartbreaking bombshell: “An inspection proved the animal to be a large wombat … peculiar to New South Wales. The brute weighs about 100 pounds, and gave his captors a tough job to secure him”.
A captured Yowie … for real this time?
And then, a few years later, in 1912, hopes were again raised with the headline: A Queer Capture. Enormous Creature Resembling A Man.
“There is considerable excitement in the Bombala district over the reported discovery of a hairy man on Creewah station,” the article announced.
The owner of the station, Mr Sydney Jephcott, came across some peculiar tracks while out mustering stock. He described them as “like a human footprint, nearly 20 inches in length and 8 inches across”. Mr Jephcott, realising he had stumbled upon some remarkable evidence, or wanting to prove he was not a stark, raving lunatic “sent to a Bombala storekeeper for a quantity of plaster of paris with which to take an impression of the tracks”.
A neighbouring landowner, Mr Summerill, then claimed to have also seen the Yowie. “In a thick bush yesterday he saw an enormous creature resembling a man, covered with long hair. The animal was carrying a big stick and with long leaps made off through the bush.”
The article ended with the startling statement that: “A report was received later to the effect that the creature was captured today.”
And of course, that's where the story ends. At least Mr Jephcott took some plaster casts!
The scientific debate rages
Like today, the scientific establishment seemed unwilling to accept the possibility that the Yowie or similar creature may actually exist, as the following correspondence to Australian Town and Country Journal from Mr H J McCooey of Mandurama Survey Camp illustrates.
In the journal's The Naturalist in 20 October 1883 Mr McCooey wrote:
“A telegram from your Blayney correspondent appeared in the Evening News … announcing the fact that ‘a strange animal, like an ape has again been frightening the residents on the road from Orange to Bathurst, at a place called The Rocks. Several ineffectual attempts have been made to capture it'.
“Now, it is probable that you and many of your country constituents may remember that in your issue of December 9, 1882, I gave a somewhat lengthy description of a large ape, (or Yahoo, as the animal is called by bushmen) I had seen a few days previously in a rugged mountainous locality on the coast between Ulladulla and Bateman's Bay …
“But strange to say, Mr. Ramsay, curator of the Australian Museum, disbelieves in their presence. Not because it is not possible for apes to be in the country up to date without being captured, but because of the deficiency of food plants for them to exist upon.”
McCooey goes on to argue that these Yahoos “have been frequently seen throughout the colony and that they were known to the aborigines of this colony, and were dreaded by them, long before a museum was ever founded in Australia”.
He then makes the tantalising, but sadly unproven, claim that “one was actually captured and killed near Braidwood within the memory of persons still living”.
But again, no photo, no video, no body and no DNA.
Mr McCooey, however, remained optimistic about obtaining suitable evidence with which to convince the stubborn curator that the Yahoo did indeed exist.
“The curator of the Museum, last December, offered me a bonus of £100 if I brought him either alive or dead an indigenous ape, and I think it is highly probable, that before many months elapse, I shall be in a position to claim his bonus.”
Unfortunately, that proved wishful thinking on Mr McCooey's part. However, that did not stop him continuing his debate with the curator. In a second letter published in the journal in November of 1883, McCooey made the following valid point:
“The position taken by the curator of the Museum in regard to the presence of indigenous apes in this colony is wholly untenable. His argument is this. That as there are no fruits or food plants in Australia there can be no indigenous apes. Now, I readily admit that this argument would be of some weight if no ape had ever been seen in the colony, or if it were satisfactorily proved that without fruits or food plants it was impossible for the Australian ape to exist, but when it is notorious that apes have been seen in all parts of the colony at different times and by different persons, and when it is not shown that fruits or food plants are absolutely necessary for their existence, the curator's argument becomes illogical.”
Well, it seems not much has really changed over the past 150-odd years.
According to a Gallup survey released Friday, 64% of Americans sympathize with Israelis, versus 12% who sympathize with the Palestinians and 23% who said they did not support either.
Support for Israel has been exceeding 60% for the last three years, but the recent poll sees the highest percentage in the last 22 years.
Related stories:
The last time that 64% of Americans expressed their support for Israelis was in 1991, during the Gulf War.
The recent survey, conducted in February, showed that as in previous polls, sympathy for Israel is much more prevalent among Republicans (78%) than it is among Democrats (55%).
In the group of people between the ages of 18 and 34, sympathy rates are 55%, rising to 65% among Americans between the ages of 35 and 54, and as for those 55 and older support for Israel stands at 71%. Support rates for the Palestinians were at 12% for all age groups.
Though the survey showed that support for Israel is more widespread among older Americans, it indicated an increase in the support for the Palestinians among those with formal education. Among people with no college education, support for the Palestinians was at 8%, compared to 20% among postgraduates.
US President Barack Obama is expected to visit Israel and the region next week.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
CLOSE A public hearing on House File 518, a bill that would scale back workers' compensation benefits for injured workers, is held on Tuesday, March. 7, 2017, at the Iowa Capitol.
Buy Photo Gov. Terry Branstad signs into law House File 518, enacting changes to the state's workers' compensation system. (Photo: Brianne Pfannenstiel/The Register)Buy Photo
The political fight over Iowa's workers' compensation system has been revived after a news release from Gov. Kim Reynolds recently tied changes made during the last legislative session to a rate reduction in workers' comp premiums for Iowa employers.
But according to the firm that sets Iowa's workers' compensation rates, the legislation played no part in the lower rates.
The National Council on Compensation Insurance, which sets rates in Iowa and many other states, announced an 8.7 percent average reduction in premiums for Iowa employers that will take effect in January 2018.
Iowa Insurance Commissioner Doug Ommen approved the new rates in late August.
In an Aug. 23 news release, Reynolds called the reduction a "direct result" of the legislation.
"Over the past decade, Iowa's workers' compensation system has mutated into one that benefits trial lawyers at the expense of businesses and workers," Reynolds said in the statement. "Workers' compensation reform rebalanced the scale to ensure employees are compensated fairly for being injured on the job while ensuring abuses are curtailed."
“Workers' compensation reform...ensure(s) employees are compensated fairly...(and) abuses are curtailed.” #iagovhttps://t.co/y0fyuAHzfQ — Gov. Kim Reynolds (@IAGovernor) August 23, 2017
This spring, the Republican-led Iowa Legislature approved a sweeping package of workers' compensation reforms that cut back benefits for injured workers, made it harder for injured workers to claim lump sum payments and limited how many attorneys can reap in legal fees. The reforms took effect in July.
RELATED: Branstad signs bills limiting workers' compensation, blocking minimum wage hikes
The governor's news release last month included a link to the 422-page report from NCCI announcing the rate reduction. The in-depth analysis made no mention of the 2017 legislative changes. Rather, it credited the rate reduction to historical workers' compensation performance during policy years 2014 and 2015.
"This rate reduction is wrongly being used to justify the devastating workers' compensation legislation last year," said Andrew Mertens, spokesman for the Iowa Association of Justice. "The governor's office claimed that this was a direct result of the legislation that passed when the report clearly states the opposite."
The association includes many attorneys that represent injured workers in workers' compensation claims.
The Des Moines Register's questions to the governor's office on the matter were directed to the Iowa Insurance Division.
Chance McElhaney, communications director and legislative liaison for that agency, said state officials "believe that the legislation that has passed will continue to push down the rates in the future." But he portrayed the governor's press release on the issue as an oversight.
"Our staff reviewed this press release before it went out and we appreciate the opportunity to clarify something we should have caught — that these reductions are due to the legislation and claims experience," McElhaney wrote. "Bottom line — these rates are dropping and we believe the positive environment created will allow these rates to continue to be low."
NCCI previously announced an average premium reduction of 3.9 percent that took effect in July. That announcement cited the legislation, which is estimated to cut back annual benefits by about $1.8 million annually.
"The Iowa Insurance Division has received positive feedback from industry and consumers on the rates going down," McElhaney told the Regster.
NCCI spokesman Dean Dimke provided the Register with a document that states the latest rate reductions were "based on its review of the most recently available data," namely performance during premium years 2014 and 2015 and decreasing numbers of claims.
Buy Photo Union workers and supporters gathered at the Iowa Capitol during a labor rally in the rotunda Tuesday, Feb. 7, 2017. (Photo: Rodney White/The Register)
Business leaders and Republican lawmakers complained in the spring that Iowa's system of caring for injured workers had in recent years grown out of balance to favor workers over employers. Reform advocates painted the workers' compensation system as a "litigious lottery," "unsustainable" and "a cautionary tale."
Sen. Michael Breitbach, R-Strawberry Point, in the spring argued that the legislation contained common-sense provisions, such as not allowing someone to obtain unemployment benefits while permanently disabled and not letting people collect twice for the same injury.
"I believe this bill returns the system to its intended balance," Breitbach, the floor manager of the legislation, said at the time.
But NCCI numbers showed that Iowa's workers' compensation premiums were already decreasing before the legislation passed. Rates fell an average of 4.7 percent last year. The numbers of Iowans injured on the job and the number of those cases litigated by state administrative courts have not increased in recent years, state data show.
"That's a pretty persuasive case that there's no reason to mess around with Iowa," John Burton, a Republican economist and academic who studies workers' compensation, said in March.
The legislative changes came after dozens of other states had cut back workers' compensation benefits in what Burton described as a "race to the bottom."
RELATED: Is Iowa workers' comp out of control? The data say no
Though cumulative data showed decreasing costs, some larger self-insured companies still experienced significant increases in costs, Nicole Craim, the senior vice president of public policy at the Iowa Association of Business and Industry, said in the spring.
"Although overall, there was a rate decrease, it doesn't tell the story of what is happening with individual companies," she told the Register in March. "Although one person is receiving a decrease, another company could be seeing a 15 percent increase."
The cutbacks in benefits were a top legislative priority for ABI. That group, which represents thousands of Iowa manufacturers and other businesses, projected that Iowa employers would save nearly $40 million on workers' compensation premiums in 2017.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Iowa Business Update newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the latest scoop on Iowa economic trends, development news, agriculture and retail delivered to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Iowa Business Update Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Mertens, of the Iowa Association of Justices, said Iowa's latest rate reduction is yet "another piece of evidence that the original system worked."
"That is good news but it's not surprising," he said. "Iowa businesses have seen a steady decline in costs and claims over the past 15 to 20 years."
Mertens said the true impact of the legislation will be seen with workers who were injured after the law took effect in July. Those cases can drag on for months before they're fully adjudicated, he said.
"The real impact," he said, "is that this new law contained 20 sections that slash and claw back worker coverage and safety protections."
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2y8mioz
Measles has made a comeback, at least in New York City, where as many as 19 cases have been confirmed.
New York City isn't an anomaly, though. Diseases that are and have been avoidable in the U.S. thanks to vaccines, are resurfacing all across the country. Measles, for instance, was considered wiped out in 2000, but there have been several outbreaks in the past few years. This map shows outbreaks of vaccine-preventable diseases since 2008 (click on “Map” and select which diseases and regions you want to see).
The emergence of these diseases — especially measles — is alarming, and mostly due to parents in the U.S. not vaccinating their kids. “If you are unvaccinated and you come in contact with measles, there's a 90% chance you will get it,” says Jason McDonald, a spokesperson for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
Though measles outbreaks are primarily linked to unvaccinated people, McDonald notes that some vaccines aren't foolproof. For example, the whooping-cough vaccine may lose its efficacy over time. And, overall, most people do get their vaccinations. A CDC report looking at children entering kindergarten for the 2012–13 school year in all U.S. states found that more than 90% of these kids had their vaccines.
Still, there are people — including public figures and celebrities — who don't vaccinate their kids and promote their choices. Most infamously, Jenny McCarthy has espoused her antivaccination position because she believes vaccines are full of toxins and cause autism. When she recently posed a question on Twitter about finding a mate, the vaccination backlash was loud and clear.
Just how harmful are these notions, though? Below are some preventable diseases making a vicious return thanks to people not getting their vaccinations.
Measles
According to the CDC, for every 1,000 children who get the measles, one or two will die. Currently, public-health workers are worried about the situation in New York, but just in the past three months, there have been reported cases of the disease in Massachusetts, Illinois and California. The CDC reports that from Jan. 1 to Feb. 28, 2014, 54 people in the U.S. have reported being infected with measles. On average, there are about 60 cases reported in the U.S. every year. Most people in the U.S. are vaccinated against the measles, but since measles is still around in other countries, those who travel outside of the U.S. can contract it if they are not vaccinated. New York City has not been able to confirm the source of the disease.
Mumps
As recently as Monday, health officials confirmed 23 cases of mumps at Ohio State University. In 2011, there was a mumps outbreak on the University of California at Berkeley campus, with 29 reported cases confirmed by the CDC. The source of the outbreak was thought to be an unvaccinated student who had spent time traveling in Western Europe where there is still a presence of mumps. In 2013, a slightly smaller outbreak of the disease broke out among students at Loyola University in Maryland. The last major occurrence was in 2006, when there was a multistate outbreak of 6,584 reported cases. Less than 20 cases a year was considered usual at the time.
Whooping Cough
Whooping-cough outbreaks are thought to be spurred by waning immunity from the vaccine. However, a 2013 study published in the journal Pediatrics reports that California's worst whooping-cough outbreak, which infected more than 9,000 people, was also encouraged by a large number of kids who were unvaccinated.
Chicken Pox
In 2012, a county in Indiana experienced a major chicken-pox outbreak of more than 80 cases, which was thought to start from an unvaccinated child. The vaccine is 90% effective, so it's possible for people who have been vaccinated to contract the disease.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
CHERRY HILL, N.J., Jan. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Subaru Rally Team USA announced today that team driver Bucky Lasek will make his stage rally debut at the Sno*Drift Rally (January 28-29), the opening round of the 2016 Rally America National Championship. Lasek will enter a Super Production class WRX STI presented by Subaru Parts Online with Craig Drew as Codriver.
Although Lasek has been competing for four years in the unique mixed-surface closed circuit format of the Red Bull Global Rallycross Championship he has completed extensive rally driving training at DirtFish Rally School in Subaru rally cars.
Subaru Rally Team USA has fielded driver David Higgins in the Rally America Championship since 2011 and have won the championship every year since and are coming off a rare 'perfect season' in 2015 where Higgins went undefeated. Prior to Higgins Subaru driver Travis Pastrana earned four consecutive Rally America Championship from 2006-2009 with the team.
Lasek will compete at the Sno*Drift Rally in lieu of the factory entry of David Higgins, however Higgins will join Lasek at the event as coach and mentor while Higgins' longtime champion co-driver Craig Drew will serve as co-driver to Lasek. Higgins is scheduled to start his 2016 title defense at the second round of the series, the Rally in the 100 Acre Wood in late March.
"We're excited to try something new this season for our rally fans," stated Subaru Motorsports Marketing Manager Rob Weir. "It's going to challenge our entire team more than ever, as we are still fighting to defend our 2015 championship title. We look forward to sharing Subaru Rally Team USA's full season plans in the coming weeks."
"Rally has always been one of the gnarliest forms of racing to me and it's something I've always wanted to do. I can't express how grateful I am for this opportunity and experience," explained Lasek. "Sno*Drift will be a bit of a challenge for me as I have very little experience driving in the snow and with pace notes. Luckily I'll have champion co-driver Craig Drew along my side to guide me and help me get me to the finish."
The Sno*Drift Rally is held on over 120 miles of snow and ice-covered roads in northern Michigan. Constantly changing weather and road conditions make this rally one of the most challenging in the series. Rally America rules also prohibit the use of spiked or studded ice tires at Sno*Drift, placing a premium on road traction and making grip levels treacherously variable. Although the rally is extremely challenging it's also a perfect 'first-rally' for a driver. With roads lined by snowbanks any small off course excursion is typically results in little to no damage to the car, while the tricky conditions help keep corner speeds slower.
Full coverage of Subaru Rally Team USA is available on the Subaru Motorsports App. To download from the iTunes App store, click here, for Android App on Google Play Store, click here. Follow the team on Instagram @srtusa and Twitter @srtusa.
About Subaru Rally Team USA
Subaru Rally Team USA is managed by Vermont SportsCar and proudly supported by Subaru of America, Inc., Subaru Tecnica International (STI), Method Race Wheels, Royal Purple, DMACK Tires, RECARO, PIAA and Race Proven. Follow the team online at www.subaru.com/rally
About Subaru Parts Online
Subaru Parts Online is the official source for Genuine Subaru Parts, Accessories, and Subaru Gear. Shop Subaru's entire catalog of 150,000 part numbers complete with factory diagrams, part application cross-reference lists, and factory recommended maintenance kits for many models on parts.subaru.com.
About Subaru of America, Inc.
Subaru of America, Inc. is a wholly owned subsidiary of Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd. of Japan. Headquartered at a zero-landfill office in Cherry Hill, N.J., the company markets and distributes Subaru vehicles, parts and accessories through a network of more than 600 retailers across the United States. All Subaru products are manufactured in zero-landfill production plants and Subaru of Indiana Automotive Inc. is the only U.S. automobile production plant to be designated a backyard wildlife habitat by the National Wildlife Federation. For additional information visit media.subaru.com.
Additional information and news from Subaru is available at http://www.media.subaru.com.
Rob Weir
Motorsports Marketing Manager
Subaru of America, Inc.
(856) 488-3453
rwei@subaru.com
Dominick Infante
National Manager, Product Communications
Subaru of America, Inc.
(856) 488-8615
dinfante@subaru.com
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160114/322375
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160114/322376
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160114/322377
SOURCE Subaru of America, Inc.
Related Links
http://www.subaru.com
Of any rookie class in NFL history, this one should have it the toughest. Because of the lockout and forfeited camps, the rookies came in especially green. Wide receiver Torrey Smith said he felt like somebody coming off the streets.
Yet Smith is having perhaps the best rookie season of any Raven in franchise history. Last Sunday night, Smith broke running back Jamal Lewis' Ravens rookie record with his seventh touchdown of the season, a streaking 36-yard touchdown across the middle. “Put behind the eight-ball, it's been pretty amazing what he's done,” Ravens Wide Receivers Coach Jim Hostler said. “I tell him all the time, he's far surpassed my expectations. He's way down the road where I thought he was going to be.” Smith's seven touchdowns are tied for the most among NFL rookies with Cincinnati's A.J. Green. His 770 receiving yards are the second-most in the NFL behind Green. But how does it stack up in the Ravens annals? Who had the best offensive rookie season in Ravens history? WR Mark Clayton
QB Joe Flacco
RB Jamal Lewis
OT Michael Oher
WR Torrey Smith
Other View Results Presented by: Loading ... Loading ... Lewis started 13 games and ran 309 times for 1,364 yards and six touchdowns. He caught 27 passes for 296 yards and was a major reason why the Ravens reached the Super Bowl. Smith has also altered Baltimore's offense – giving it a long-lacking vertical threat. Whether it's enough to help take the Ravens to the Super Bowl remains to be seen. Lewis smiled and said “it's great” that Smith broke his record. He's been watching him this season. “Torrey has come out and progressed and done very well,” Lewis said. “He's respected around the league with his speed. … He's a big, big addition to this offense.” There's no denying that Smith has had a remarkable rookie season. Hostler said a big reason is that Smith has overcome obstacles. First it was the previously mentioned lockout, which put the rookies in overtime trying to learn the system. But Smith bought in from the start, Hostler said. “You don't have to spend time to keep convincing him to do it our way,” he said. Second, Baltimore had just cut veteran receiver Derrick Mason and had yet to trade for veteran Lee Evans, which put Smith's progression on fast forward. He was immediately placed on the first team opposite Anquan Boldin. “Force-feeding me helped a lot,” said Smith, who will now step into an even larger role with Boldin out. What it also did was apply more stress, which Hostler said led to a few of Smith's early “breakdowns.” It was all part of Hostler's process. “We grind the rookies down probably a lot more than other teams do,” Hostler said. “They don't have a chance to ease into it. That was a little bit of a shock to him.” Third, Smith had some problems with drops in training camp practices that ultimately pushed him to fight harder. His mistakes were displayed for everybody to see when he had a pair of drops against the Washington Redskins in the preseason. He had a total of four receptions in the preseason, fewer than fourth-round pick Tandon Doss and the same as undrafted rookie LaQuan Williams. The second-round Maryland product admitted he was pressing. Through those times, Hostler saw the maturity that factored into the front office's decision to draft Smith. The struggles led Smith to roll up his sleeves and work harder. Throughout the season, he's taken extra balls from the JUGS machine after practice, even on players' days off on Tuesday, to improve his hands. He's also come a long way in his route-running, ensuring that he's not just a speed burner. “A lot of guys can't accept or handle failure. He's extremely good at it and can grow from it and get better from it,” Hostler said. “Through those downtimes, you're always looking for that little indication that he's not going to be able to pull out of it, that he's not going to accept coaching well enough to pull out of it. It's all a credit to Torrey that he was.” Hostler said he was absolutely happy – as strange as it sounds – that Smith had some early drops. Looking back on it now, Smith is too. “I've been through things already that vets haven't experienced,” he said with a chuckle. “I've been as high as you can be and as low as you can be. I think it helps you be level-headed.” Smith was aware that he broke Lewis' record. But when asked how much it meant to him, he showed some more of that modesty and maturity. “Not much really,” he said. “I've been able to have a little bit of success, but the biggest thing for me is winning.” Tags: Jamal Lewis, Record, Rookie, Torrey Smith, Wide Receiver Comment on this entry below
Volvo
Editors' note: Be sure to catch the other stories in this package: on how Google's robo-cars mean the end of driving as we know it, on self-driving cars bristling with sensors, and on smart transport grids.
What do you get when you combine packed freeways with the promise of self-driving cars? A mess, of course, and a technological challenge. One potential solution: a system called platooning that links vehicles in a high-efficiency group, like a train without the train tracks.
The idea has been around for years, but endowing cars with computing and communication smarts means it's moved into real-world testing. Perhaps the best example is a European project called Sartre (Safe Road Trains for the Environment) that tucked three autonomously driven Volvo cars into the slipstream behind a truck on real-world roads.
Platooning ultimately could mean that cars whizzing along at 75 miles an hour in a bumper-to-bumper train that dramatically increases the capacity of existing roads, said Richard Wallace, a researcher with the Center for Automotive Research.
Sartre began with today's road system, not a more distant sci-fi future in which every speed bump has an IP address. For example, it used a human driver in the lead vehicle. Because of that, Sartre needed to change only the vehicles involved, not the road infrastructure, said Stefan Solyom, a Volvo technical specialist involved in the Sartre project.
As cars enter or leave a Sartre platoon, they can be under the control of either a human driver or the car itself. Distances from one car to the next are computer-controlled, but steering can be either manual or automatic. The cars communicate with themselves and the lead truck using a variation of the 802.11p wireless network technology.
The result is a group of cars that get 20 percent better fuel economy, Solyom said.
Sartre chose to use a bus or a truck as a special lead vehicle for a several of reasons. First, professional drivers are safer than ordinary ones. Second, using special vehicles simplifies payment for the privilege of being in a platoon. Third, large vehicles block the wind for better group aerodynamics. Last, cars can always brake better than trucks, so there's no risk of the lead vehicle stopping more abruptly than trailing cars can.
You might think that a platoon would pack cars tightly together into a unit that can slip through the air with minimum resistance. In fact, it's better to separate vehicles with a larger gap -- though still only about a tenth as wide as the gap that traffic authorities recommend for human-controlled cars.
"There is a limit how close it is actually worth it to cruise," Solyom said. The optimum space: six meters, or about 20 feet.
Sartre
The problem is that with closer distances, each car must accelerate and brake more frequently to maintain the right distance. "There is a limit where it is not worth it to follow closer because the fuel economy benefit you get from the aerodynamics, you lose from the actuation of acceleration and braking," Solyom said. And of course, safety becomes more of an issue as well, though it's not nearly as big a deal since all cars are in constant communication with the lead vehicle.
Platoons bring a positive side effect, too: they can ease the shock waves of acceleration and deceleration that propagate along roads. When a driver taps the brakes, the next driver often must tap a little harder because of the delay, then the third driver must tap a little harder, and so on.
A platoon, though, "will attenuate the shock waves," because the cars all travel as a unit and therefore don't amplify the shock waves.
Sartre
Another, more obvious benefit is that more cars can be crammed onto the road. Sartre limited platoons to 10 vehicles so that platoons and ordinary traffic could intermix, without having to worry about blocked freeway exits.
Ultimately, platoons could liberate drivers from the tedium of driving.
"One of the main things with platooning is you could engage in secondary activities -- read e-mail, work, relax," Solyom said. But that's much more advanced than in Sartre's test, in which drivers still have responsibility for their own vehicles.
The Sartre project helped develop a payment mechanism not unlike buying tickets to ride public transit, with an online site to buy tickets for a platoon, Solyom said. You book a spot in a platoon ahead of time, then a back-office system tells you where and when to meet. When you arrive, helps the lead vehicle confirm you are an authorized member of the platoon.
What Sartre accomplished is only a start, of course. Plenty of serious complications remain -- for example, integrating with real road infrastructure and other drivers, improving automation so drivers can relax, getting rid of a reliance on a lead vehicle, letting cars spontaneously form platoons, overcoming regulatory barriers, and choosing whether to mark platoon-specific highway lanes.
So no, platooning is not ready for real-world use yet. But it's well on its way.
Whistleblower reveals police compiled secret files on political activities of Corbyn and nine other MPs, even after they had been elected to the Commons
One of the many unanswered questions hanging over the police's undercover operations has recently become more acute - to what extent did they covertly monitor Jeremy Corbyn, the new Labour leader, and other elected politicians?
A whistleblower, Peter Francis, has revealed that police compiled secret files on the political activities of Corbyn and nine other MPs, even after they had been elected to the House of Commons.
Francis disclosed that he had read the files on the 10 MPs while he worked for the Metropolitan Police's special branch.
He added that he had personally collected information on Corbyn, and two other MPs, while he was working undercover infiltrating anti-racist groups in the 1990s. Read this and this for more details of his revelations that were made in March this year.
But with the transformation of Corbyn from an obscure backbencher to the leader of the opposition, police chiefs are potentially facing more embarrassment.
Police continued spying on Labour activists after their election as MPs Read more
In March, Corbyn, who has been the MP for Islington North since 1983, told the Islington Tribune that he should be given the full file that the police had compiled on him “without any redactions.”.
“I am a democratically elected person and it turns out I was put under surveil­lance for a long time because I campaigned on human rights issues and was involved in justice campaigns.
“At the Metropolitan Police somebody authorised this and I want to know who. I want to know who ordered the spying higher up, and whether there was any co-operation between the Special Demonstration Squad (SDS) and MI5”.
Francis worked for the SDS, the secret undercover unit that spied on hundreds of political groups between 1968 and 2008.
Just before he was elected Labour leader on September 12, Corbyn was asked again about this issue by Jason Kirkpatrick, a film-maker who is making a documentary on undercover police officers (for more details, see this and this).
This is how Corbyn replied:
Spied Upon film (@SpiedUpon) I asked @jeremycorbyn what he'd do as UK Prime Minister about the undercover spy scandal. Here's his answer: pic.twitter.com/vJqugPFGL6
In March, Francis named the other Labour MPs whom police had kept files on - Harriet Harman, Diane Abbott, Joan Ruddock, Peter Hain, Dennis Skinner, Jack Straw, Ken Livingstone and the late Bernie Grant and Tony Benn.
The revelations prompted criticism from some of the MPs who swiftly went to the Commons and demanded answers from the police. (This here is a transcript of the parliamentary debate, and Guardian articles here and here).
The MPs wanted to see the secret files on themselves and pressed for the surveillance to be examined by the public inquiry into the undercover infiltration of political groups since 1968. This inquiry is headed by a senior judge, Lord Justice Pitchford.
It is not yet known if the monitoring of politicians will be included in the public inquiry since its remit has yet to be clearly defined in public. The inquiry is starting to gather evidence and is not due to start its public hearings before next summer.
John Bercow, the Speaker of the House of Commons, has told MPs that the revelations were “extremely serious”, warning :”This matter will not go away”.
Hain, a former cabinet minister, (here) wanted to know why he was being watched by the police when he was an MP, adding that the revelations raised “fundamental questions about parliamentary sovereignty”.
Why were special branch watching me even when I was an MP? | Peter Hain Read more
Two politicians have established that the police maintained files on their political activities in recent years. Neither of them - Jenny Jones, a Green Party peer, and Ian Driver, a Kent councillor who stood against UKIP leader Nigel Farage at this year's general election - have a criminal record. Even Boris Johnson, London's mayor, condemned the monitoring of Jones as “absolutely absurd”.
Last year, the police were unable to say how many elected politicians have been monitored by its ‘domestic extremism' unit (whose formal name has been the National Domestic Extremism and Disorder Intelligence Unit.)
So far, the police have said little, other than to suggest that Pitchford's inquiry “represents a real opportunity to provide the public with as complete a picture as possible of what has taken place”.
They may be called right-wing, but Europe's nationalists and populists are far to the left of their American counterparts when it comes to economic and social policy.
The Economist last month characterized Euroskeptic and anti-immigration movements such as France's Front national, Geert Wilders' Freedom Party in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom Independence Party as “Europe's Tea Parties.” Yet with the exception of Nigel Farage's outfit, which brands itself as “libertarian,” these parties hardly share the American movement's small-government conservatism. Indeed, most of them are champions of the welfare state.
In an interview with The Daily Beast , Front national‘s leader Marine Le Pen joked that American tea partiers would probably think her a “socialist.” Le Pen's denunciations of “Anglo-Saxon capitalism” and globalization are not too different from the French far left's. She opposes privatizations in a country where the government accounts for more than half of yearly economic output and seeks to withdraw from the European Union not only to keep immigrants out but to shelter French industry from foreign competition.
Wilders is a free trader — which might complicate his alliance with Le Pen in May's elections to the European Parliament — but speaks disparagingly of welfare cuts that he believes are enacted to satisfy European budget rules.
Unlike America's Tea Party, Wilders is socially liberal. He supports abortion and gay rights. Le Pen opposes marriage equalization and, though staunchly secular, doesn't share Wilders' Islamophobia. The leader of the Sweden Democrats, Jimmie Åkesson, has expressed concerns about “Islamization” that echo Wilders' but also opposes gay marriage — as does the Finns Party next door. All are strong defenders of their respective welfare states but not Belgium's Vlaams Belang which is almost neoliberal.
The Freedom Party of Austria is ambivalent: it opposes immigration in order to keep the welfare state affordable but also has some liberal economic views. So does Italy's separatist Lega Nord. It opposes governments intrusions — but from Rome.
What the parties have in common then, with each other and America's Tea Party, is their hostility toward a central government elsewhere. The Euroskeptics resent interference from Brussels as much as tea partiers worry about what they see as an increasingly imperious federal government in Washington DC. Lega Nord and Vlaams Belang further advocate autonomy from their national capitals.
They also appeal to similar voters. The Economist simplified somewhat when it described them as “angry people, harking back to simpler times” but they do tend to be white, working class and unable to keep up with a rapidly changing world.
They spring from the squeezed middle — people who feel that the elite at the top and the scroungers at the bottom are prospering at the expense of ordinary working people. And they believe the center of power — Washington or Brussels — is bulging with bureaucrats hatching schemes to run people's lives.
This is what sets even UKIP voters apart. Their grievances, about a sprawling European bureaucracy or a coercive federal government, welfare abuse and misguided “multicultural” policies, often here merit. Unusually, however, rather than proposing to deal with these issues one by one, “tea partiers” in Europe and the United States see them as part of the same problem: a deliberate attempt on the part of cosmopolitan or liberal elites to delegitimize “traditional America” or the European nation state.
Pelosi Overcomes Challenge To Win Re-Election As House Democratic Leader
Enlarge this image toggle caption Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call,Inc. Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call,Inc.
Nancy Pelosi beat back her toughest challenge yet to her leadership of Democrats in the House of Representatives, defeating Ohio Rep. Tim Ryan to secure another term as House minority leader.
The California Democrat got 134 votes to Ryan's 63 in a secret ballot vote on Wednesday. Pelosi had boasted going into the vote that she had support from two-thirds of the caucus, and she received just over that amount.
Pelosi, 76, has held the top slot in House Democratic leadership since 2003. She became the first female speaker of the House in history when Democrats won control of Congress in 2006. But since they suffered devastating losses in 2010, the liberal San Francisco congresswoman has faced questions about whether she's the best one to lead the minority party in the House.
After Democrats lost 63 seats in 2010, she faced a challenge from then-North Carolina Rep. Heath Shuler, who drew 43 votes. Ryan's 63 votes is the most serious defection she has faced.
The debate over who was best to lead the House Democrats, who are now entering their sixth year in the minority, was emblematic of the larger debate over the direction of the party after Hillary Clinton suffered a surprising and stinging loss in the presidential race to Donald Trump. House Democrats had hoped to pick up as many as 15 or 20 seats to cut into Republicans' 30-seat edge. Instead, they flipped only six seats, a disappointing showing to many Democrats.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Bloomberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images Bloomberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images
Trump's upset came after he was able to win narrow victories in a handful of Rust Belt states, such as Ohio, Wisconsin and Michigan, delivering him the Electoral College votes needed to win the presidency. Many of the seats Democrats were unable to win back also came in more working class, rural areas of those states. Ryan argued that the party needed someone who understands blue collar voters as well as new, younger blood in leadership. The 43-year-old Democrat argued he was better equipped to do that, coming from the manufacturing hub of Youngstown, Ohio.
Ryan's home county had even flipped to Trump by six points after previously voting for President Obama by 22 points just four years ago. Pelosi mocked that loss in an interview with the Huffington Post, saying he "didn't even carry his district for Hillary Clinton." But others saw it as a sign that Ryan was the type of Democrat who could win over working class voters better than someone from ultra-liberal San Francisco.
There are some new media experiences, too. The Z3 has brought its DSEE HX audio upscaling technology to improve the quality of compressed music, and there's digital noise cancelling that cuts out nearly all ambient sound. For photographers, Face In lets you capture your reaction to a shot at the same time as you take it; you can add drawings to pictures, build movies with a new editor, shoot scenes from multiple angles using multiple phones, and add sound to photos.
You'll get the Z3 sometime this fall. Sony hasn't immediately announced carriers, but there will be at least one version with North America-friendly LTE data.
Update: We've taken a closer look at the Z3 here, and T-Mobile has confirmed that it's bringing the handset to the US in the fall.
It was a big week for physics in the movies, with the premiere of Interstellar, and the Stephen Hawking biopic The Theory of Everything. That translates into lots of pixels commenting on the science behind the films. For instance, Interstellar's Black Hole was Once Seen As Pure Speculation. Related: Learn more about the Physics of Wormholes. The fastest way to make interstellar travel a reality might not be only science fiction for long. Also, the Bad Astronomer weighed in with what the movie got wrong about science. -- although Kip Thorne, who dreamed up the concept and consulted on the film, swears he only ringed during one scene. For CosmoQuest, Thorne also discussed how Carl Sagan "opened up a wormhole." Anne Hathaway described her understanding of cosmology as "a grain of sand on Kip Thorne's beach of knowledge." Also: When Caltech's John Preskill met with Steven Spielberg to talk about Interstellar. Bonus: When Should You Take Your Bathroom Breaks During Interstellar?
If the Hawking biopic is more your speed, Here's all The Science that made Stephen Hawking famous. Also, check out this Q&A with director James Marsh. Actor Eddie Redmayne, who plays Hawking, told Vulture everything he learned while working on the film, and also chatted with Charlie Jane Anders of i09.
Information continued to trickle out concerning the tragic SpaceShip Two Crash last week (not to mention the Antares rocket accident). Some good news: test pilot Peter Siebold defied the odds to survive the deadly crash. Initially, speculation focused on the new fuel being used for SpaceShip Two, but Sir Richard Branson declared that the "self-proclaimed experts" were wrong when they asserted that an explosion brought down the Virgin Galactic space-plane. US investigators made it clear that there was no explosion; the rocket engine didn't cause the crash. Rather, investigators were focusing on the tail booms; specifically, the spaceship "feathering" device seems to have deployed too soon, investigators say, at inappropriate speed without being commanded. (If you're curious, here's more on how those feathered tails work.) Specifically, the co-pilot appears to have pulled lever at wrong time as the ship approached Mach 1.2. There was also discussion on how the fatal crash of SpaceShipTwo might end Sir Richard Branson's vision of the future, but not the commercial space flight industry. Or perhaps the real problem behind Virgin Galactic's flight test disaster is bad business. The New Yorker opted for historical context: Sir Walter Raleigh and the Uncertain Future of Space Travel.
There were lots of black-hole related items this week. Simulated Black Hole Collision Shreds The Milky Way. Luckily for us, nothing like this is actually happening nearby. Related: Mistaken Identity Explains How G2 Survived a Black Hole. Lesson Learned: If You Want to Survive a Black Hole Encounter, Bring a Friend. Also: Like the dog that didn't bark, the black hole that didn't blaze reveals a big, hidden truth. Latest research suggests enormous black hole drove two binary stars to merge into one. Finally, Mysterious Missing Pulsars May Have Gotten Wrapped in Dark Matter and Turned Into Black Holes.
Midterm elections took place on Tuesday, which means that the U.S. Senate science panels will have new leadership in the wake of Republican takeover. Related: Science in a Republican Senate—The good, the bad & the ugly. Also: Republicans, meet science—"It's time to wise up and stop wasting all the knowledge we have."
The cold beauty of mathematics. Per the Guardian: "For the past decade, Simon Beck has been decorating the Alps with his stunning mathematical drawings, created by running in snowshoes across freshly laid snow. Each image takes him up to 11 hours to make and covers an area about 100m x 100m, requiring him to travel up to 25 miles as he marks out the pattern."
In a Multiverse, What Are the Odds? Testing the multiverse hypothesis requires measuring whether our universe is statistically typical among the infinite variety of universes. But infinity does a number on statistics. Related: More on Many Interacting Worlds: Ghost universes kill Schrödinger's quantum cat.
Physicist Performs Ultracold Disappearing Act. 'Matter Waves' (Solitons) Move Through One Another But Never Share Space.
Experimental Plasma Wakefield Accelerator Boosts Electrons On A Wave.
Diamonds made from peanut butter might reveal the history of planet Earth: You had me at "diamonds made from peanut butter," BBC.
Phase transitions: steam engines, Dark Matter and the Higgs. How the physics of the industrial revolution now connects cosmology and particle physics. Related: Phase transitions between states of matter are more complicated than scientists thought.
Live Images from the Nano-Cosmos: Researchers observed how buckyballs arrange themselves into ultra-smooth layers.
The simple physics behind a horrible tragedy: A tape measure with the energy of a 0.45 Colt bullet.
Physics students calculated that impact of being rescued by the Flash is more damaging than being hit by a car.
How Gravity Explains Why Time Never Runs Backward. "According to Mercati and his colleagues, there was no special, initial state at all. Instead, a state that gets time pointing forward arises naturally from a universe dictated by gravity. The researchers make this argument in a paper recently published in the journal Physical Review Letters."
How Time Is Made: "the USNO's Master Clock operates much like grandfather clocks do: with pendulums." Related: New Clock May End Time as We Know It. "But this new clock has run into a big problem: This thing we call time doesn't tick at the same rate everywhere in the universe. Or even on our planet."
Physicists Resurrect an Old, ‘Strange' Dark Matter Theory. Related: Shadow Cosmos: Could Dark Matter Make Invisible, Parallel Universes? [sub req'd]
Researchers create internally transparent Prius. "Japanese researchers Susumu Tachi, Masahiko Inami & Yuji Uema from the Graduate School of Media Design at Keio University have come up with an innovative camera/projection system that uses half-mirrors and retroreflectors to provide a really remarkable simulation of a glass car."
Professor Mark Weislogel likes to drop goldfish from buildings. Also: Brian Cox visits the world's biggest vacuum chamber to see what happens when a bowling ball and a feather are dropped together under the conditions of outer space. Take a gander, and then read Rhett Allain's take on how that video could be even more awesome.
Meanwhile, at CERN, ATLAS seeks invisible particles with top quarks. Related: Where the Hunt for Missing Antimatter and New Physics Are One and the Same. Also: CERN Council selects its next Director-General -- and it's Fabiola Gianotti, the first woman to hold that position. Bonus: Technicolor Force Alternative: Did We Find The Higgs Particle Or Something Else?
The Next Big Thing: Surfboard Collects Oceanic Data While You Ride Waves with water-monitoring surfboard fins.
Schrödinger's Cat meets Save the Cat: what if thought experiments followed three-act structure?
Photographer Paulo Stagnaro uses milk and food coloring in his series Milky WaY. "Surface tension, diffusion, and intentional mixing create abstract and ephemeral portraits of fluid motion."
Kitchen Table Physics: The Universe in One Swell Formuloop.
A Complexity Researcher Offers a Rather Gloomy Look at the Ebola Outbreak.
The Great Sausage Duel of 1865. "It looks like the story of the sausages is made up, as it only becomes widely reported some 30 years after it allegedly occurred. Earlier accounts of the duel do not mention the sausages at all, and Bismarck's correspondence tells a different story. It seems like a story that was created some time later to tell a story of a scientific underdog outwitting a bully of a soldier."
What Was the World's First Triboluminescent Technology?
The Science of Fire-Breathing: a process involving the careful mixing of fuel and air.
Recreating Isaac Asimov's "Nightfall" solar system (podcast).
The Accidental Beauty of Flight Paths of the planes that bring us from airport A to airport B. Per Big Think: "Alexey Papulovsky and Nikolay Guryanov, two Moscow-based software engineers ... collected over a billion data points from a single month's worth of flight information on Plane Finder (i.c. October 2012), and plotted them out on a searchable, scalable world map. The result is called Contrailz, after the condensation trails momentarily tracing the flight paths of planes."
The ‘Smoking Gun' of the Big Bang. If you've been wondering what B-mode polarization is, or how it tells us about gravitational waves from inflation, wonder no more.
John Bell submitted the paper about his inequality to Physics 50 years ago this week. Celebrate by entangling someone.
Solving The Mystery Of Where Quantum Mechanics Come From - string field theory could be the foundation.
The Quantum Mechanics Of Fingerprints On Your Water Glass.
New Research Reveals Ominous Future for Universe. Is dark energy feeding on dark matter, potentially leading to a cold, empty universe?
Plasma physicists uncover the science of space weather. Until now, scientists had not been able to figure out how magnetic reconnection converts magnetic energy into the explosive particle energy.
How to improve running to peak performance using mathematical equations.
The rise of astrostatistics: Astrophysicists and cosmologists are turning to statisticians to help them analyze an ever-increasing deluge of data.
The Future of Plutonium: Seventy years ago, researchers created weapons-grade plutonium for atomic bombs.
The Mathematical Reason All Hipsters Look the Same: "a group of interacting individuals that attempts to counter the majority ends up doing the same thing because there's not enough time to forecast what everyone else is going to do to be 'different.'"
How To Repurpose Your Old Radio To Listen To the Leonid Meteor Shower Nov. 17 through Nov. 18.
Rocket Science: Four NASA moms offer their 7 best insights on getting more girls into STEM. Related: The Woman Who Bravely Mashed Up Cosmopolitan and Cosmos.
"Even stars can get lost in space." As many as half of all stars reside outside of galaxies, study finds.
Trekkies Rejoice: Star Trek Communicators Are Finally Here.
"All About That Space" is A Sci-Fi Parody of the hit Meghan Trainor Song. Per Laughing Squid: "The video acts as an open letter to director J.J. Abrams, pleading that he do as good a job reviving the Star Wars franchise with Episode VII as he did with his first Star Trek film." (Bonus: another Star Wars Parody: It's All About That Base, No Rebels.)
An Art of Air and Fire: Brazil's Renegade Balloonists.
fMRI Data Reveals the Number of Parallel Processes Running in the Brain.
Here's what a nuclear bomb detonating in space looks like.
How far does gravity reach? Despite it's reputation as an “infinite range” force, the realities of our Universe place a limit on its reach.
Wrong But Not Stupid, or, How to Call Out Mistakes without Trampling the Mistaken. Related: Too many kids quit science because they don't think they're smart.
Crocheted versions of the five Platonic solids, by June Gilbank.
Birdsongs and People-Songs Share the Same Math.
Almost Perfect: Cosmic Music and Mathematical Ratio.
20 Doctor Who Stories That Are Based On Real Science. Kinda related: 10 Bayeux Tapestry Memes, including one with the motto, "The Doctor Cometh. Lord of Time." (Quoth Jen-Luc Piquant, "WANT!")
The Raven's Chamber (sculpture by Art Donovan) resembles a mad scientist's alchemical apparatus.
Humans have innate grasp of probability. Study of indigenous Maya people finds probabilistic reasoning does not depend on formal education.
Higher Homotopy Groups Are Spooky. "Two things are homotopic to each other if you can drag one of them onto the other without cutting anything."
The Contenders. Using an experimental online game, video gamers solve a biological puzzle that has stumped scientists for years.
Longhorn beetle inspires photonic crystal ink to combat counterfeiting.
Origin of Mysterious Portuguese Mathematical and Geographical Tiles Revealed.
'Seven Hours of Terror': Harpooning a Comet Isn't Easy, But It's About to Happen. Related: ESA Releases Another Adorable Rosetta Video, Prepares for First Ever Soft Landing On Comet's Surface. Learn more about the Surreal Task of Landing on a Comet. Also: Rosetta's Philae Comet Landing Site Named 'Agilkia.'
Optimal Airline Boarding: "The first person in line should be in the back row, window seat (on either side of the plane). The next person would be in a window seat, two rows up. The line should proceed this way, skipping a row between each window-seated passenger all the way to the front of the plane. It would repeat this on the other side, then start filling the window seats in the empty rows between those already filled. The pattern repeats for the middle seats on each side, then the aisles." Related: Airlines Can't Use Fast-Boarding Algorithms Because Humans Can't Follow Directions.
At the Very Bottom of Reality Is Planck's Constant.
The intersection of art and science: Statistician Edward Tufte turns scientific notations into artwork.
A New Acoustic Instrument That Creates Sound Like a Digital Synthesizer. "The Yabahar can be played in a variety of different ways using mallets or with a bow, relying on a combination of two drum-like membranes, long springs, and a tall fretted neck to create music."
Meet the Bartender Who's Using Science to Reinvent the Cocktail.
A trapezee troupe embodies plant-soil feedbacks to win this year's Dance Your Ph.D. contest. Among the category winners, MIT's Hans Rinderknecht won the physics category for his dance about nuclear fusion. Enjoy!
About
Welcome to ‘Universe'
More information about ‘Universe' can be found by visiting www.theuniverse.io
Join the ‘Universe Community', share your ideas and discuss the ‘Universe' project with millions of others.
Introduction
‘Universe' is a next generation operating (eco) system. Its developmental philosophy comprises the principles of open-source and open-content. Furthermore, it includes a unique system design and innovative conceptual engineering. ‘Universe' will revolutionize the information technology sphere and significantly change our understanding and interpretation of technology in general.
Primarily, the ‘Universe' operating (eco) system is developed for human civilization; to create an ultra-modern technology which is affordable for all of Earth's inhabitants. The main goals of ‘Universe' are as follows:
- to develop an ultra-fast, secure and independent ‘Universe' network
- to maintain privacy and secure data transmission, including all data transmitted inside the ‘Universe' operating (eco) system;
- to develop an independent community able to carry out significant architectural decisions, which will shape and develop ‘Universe'
- to filter and censor incoming information controlled by the independent ‘Universe Community', and render it freely available to all users of the ‘Universe' operating (eco) system
- to represent quality and authentic information, significantly reducing search times and the processing of functions, isolating spam and other useless, annoying and dangerous information sources
- to develop innovative software programs for educational, medical, financial, governmental, public and informational sectors
- to utilize Open-Source philosophy, offering a security guarantor to ‘the Universe' operating (eco) system; ie. foreign tracking algorithms, the mining of illegal data and the manipulation of personal information
- to utilize an Open-Content philosophy, avoiding the problem of copyright and providing access to different information sources, eliminating the problems of piracy and the illegal use of information
- to reduce the level of anonymity within social media, giving people of all ages, nationalities and genders the opportunity to communicate with each other, within a secured environment. (This will significantly reduce cybercrime and provide children and adults with a secure system, confident in the knowledge of who they are talking to)
Why do we need your help?
The 'Universe' operating (eco) system aims to develop a professional and legitimate community, in which everyone can freely express their opinions and take part in the 'Universe' project. In becoming a participant of the 'Universe' project, you will be able to discover a truly new technology.
In addition, the 'Universe' operating (eco) system is not a commercial product and will be available universally free of charge. Unfortunately, without financial assistance, our project cannot fully develop. We ask for your help in realizing our vision for the 'Universe' project, with this opportunity to engrain your name in history.
If you would like to help in other ways, please read this article to find out how you can support the ‘Universe' project.
What will you use the funds for?
All funds will be spent on the development of the 'Universe' operating (eco) system and support the 'Universe Community'. Participants in the 'Universe' project will be able to learn more about the ‘Universe' operating (eco) system and follow the development of the project by visiting: www.theuniverse.io
Why now?
Our world is undergoing major upheavals. People have lost trust in incoming information and software which form an everyday part of their lives. We regularly hear of new intrusions into our privacy by means of the latest technology. Are new technologies created for us or are they working against us? The 'Universe' operating (eco) system is a revolution in the field of new technologies and the 'Universe Community' will demonstrate to the world that technology can be trusted and safe. There are many ways in which the ‘Universe' project can benefit us all. For more information on this topic, please visit: www.theuniverse.io
Early last month, the Michigan Democratic Party State Central Committee (DSCC) met to choose its delegates to the Democratic National Committee [full disclosure: I am a DSCC member]. The afternoon of the meeting, the Chair of the Young Democrats of Michigan Sam Pernick spoke to a group of Senator Sanders and Jill Stein supporters in the hallway outside of the meeting room, telling them that “backroom deals” were being made behind closed doors and “that wasn't right.” He then led his followers into the meeting chanting “Whose party? OUR Party!”, disrupting the meeting that was already underway. What Pernick didn't realize was that he was leading the group, not into the DSCC meeting but, rather, into a closed meeting of the MDP Labor Caucus who had the room reserved just prior to the DSCC meeting itself. UAW leader Mike Stone grabbed Pernick by the jacket and pushed him back out the door.
Pernick then proceeded to file charges against Stone which resulted in Stone receiving a ticket. Pernick took to social media to describe the “assault and battery” as a violent attack, blowing it up in an apparent attempt to obscure the fact that he stupidly led dozens of his followers into the wrong meeting.
Here's video of the event. The group enters the room at around the 7-minute mark:
A supporter of Pernick's wrote an absurdly inaccurate op-ed for The Observer titled “Michigan Dem Meeting Breaks Into Violence as Clinton Fans Repel Sanders Partisans”. I suppose there are some who consider being pushed out of a room as violence but I am not one of those people. In the piece, the author says that Mike Stone was issued a ticket for “assault and battery”. In truth, Mike Stone was issued a ticket for “Assault-Simple” and the police officer described the situation that occurred in this way:
Subject physically escorted an unwanted protestor out of the room who refused to leave.
Click the image to the right for a larger version of the ticket given to Stone.
The fact is, if you watch the video, you'll see as much pushing and shoving coming from Pernick and his group as you see from Mike Stone and the other Labor Caucus members trying to get them out of the room where their private meeting was taking place.
Pernick has since dropped his ridiculous charges but would not do so “with prejudice” suggesting that he may come back to file charges again at some later date. My sources who know the judge who oversaw the hearing tell me that this he is quite unlikely to allow Pernick to use the courts to further his own political agenda.
Lena Thompson (aka “Lena Danger”), a self-described “Berniecrat”, participated in the protest led by Pernick and came away pretty upset that the young organizer had basically made them all look like fools. Here are a few of her comments from her piece “So, we marched into a closed-door meeting… and oh by the way, it was the WRONG meeting” and I encourage you to read her entire essay:
Mistakes should be admitted to, not used to mobilize progressives. Instead, the piper is blaming people and dragging down the whole Michigan Democratic Party (MDP) into the gutter, because he was wrong to march us into a closed-door, Labor Caucus meeting, where he was physically assaulted because of it. And of course, I don't condone physical violence or unwanted shoving. During the actual Democratic State Central Committee (DSCC) meeting, the doors were wide OPEN and remained OPEN. If we had marched through that meeting, they may or may not have objected. But we marched into the wrong meeting. Why can't the leader of the rally and march, that was supposed to support Keith Ellison, own up to THAT mistake? […] About that so-called “Backroom Deal” Here is Sam talking about the 6 people on a piece of paper, that NONE of us can vote for, because we are not DSCC delegates. Only the DSCC delegates are allowed to speak or vote at this meeting. This is part of the rules of the MDP that were sent out before the meeting. Below is an excerpt. Also, I was nodding along with Sam about the 6 names, but I have done further research about this process. The 6 names were an endorsed slate, by Labor. This is NOT against any rules or bylaws of the MDP. Anyone can seek endorsement from Labor when running for positions inside the MDP. […] Sam likes to make up rules and hold MPD accountable for a rule(s) that does not exist. I am writing this article to explain the real rules, not the fake rules.
Lena has it entirely right. Sam Pernick may claim that the Democratic Party is HIS party but he doesn't even know the basic, well-publicized rules about that party and ended up making a fool of himself and of the other people who followed him, believing he had some clue about what he's doing.
I want to address this idea of “backroom deals” that Pernick and his followers seem to malign so deeply. At the moment, Pernick is working day and night to turn out people to this weekend's MDP Convention where leadership for the constituency caucuses and Congressional District organizations will be chosen. His goal is to “take over” the MDP by getting his folks elected to leadership positions. He's lining up candidates (he's not one of them, by the way, I am told) and he's lining up votes. This exactly the same sort of thing that Pernick describes as “backroom deals” when people he doesn't like to do it. For most of the rest of us, it's called “politics”.
The irony in all of this is that Pernick came to me late last year as the Chair of the Washtenaw County Democratic Party to help him get word out about efforts he and other employees of the Ann Arbor People's Food Co-op were taking to form a union. We supported his efforts and now Sam is going to be a union member. But, at the same time, he's working double time to make union members sound like goons who fix elections.
UPDATE: After further checking, I realized that I mistook Sam Pernick for another person who organized the Food Co-op workers. I apologize for the error.
Pernick has a LOT to learn about “taking over” a political party. Taking over a political party isn't done by disruption and protests and temper tantrums. It's done by learning the rules, working them to your advantage, and getting yourself and people who agree with you into positions of power. It's a process – called “democracy” – and it can be done. The Tea Party takeover of the Republican Party is our most recent example.
And here's the thing: I support it. If people like Pernick think they have a better way, can organize more effectively, and win more elections, then more power to them. Use the democratic processes laid out in the MDP rules and make it happen. Create change. What you'll likely find is that you'll be welcomed. When I took it upon myself to join with like-minded organizers in Washtenaw County to make the County Democratic Party more focused on grassroots organizing, I wasn't shunned and pushed out. I was welcomed. Six years later I'm the Chair.
THAT is actually what democracy looks like.
When the ACTUAL DSCC meeting took place on December 3rd, not only were Pernick and his group (none of whom was actually a DSCC member) allowed to speak, they were allowed to speak BEFORE the election of DNC members and for a longer period of time than is normally allowed. They were there largely to support Keith Ellison as DNC Chair and large numbers of us, myself included, agree with them. And one of the top Sanders organizer in the state, newly-elected Washtenaw County Commissioner Michelle Deatrick, was overwhelmingly voted to be one of the six DNC delegates. You can watch the meeting on video HERE.
It's possible to shift the direction of the Democratic Party. It takes effort. It takes coalition building. It takes the formation of relationships. And it requires ideas that can work. What does NOT work are petulant displays of hostility toward the group you're trying to convince.
If you need a poster child for how NOT to take over the Democratic Party in Michigan or anywhere else, that child is Sam Pernick.
Oh, and one more thing: Thanks to Pernick's blunder, our true enemies on the conservative right are are having a field day. Nice job, Sam. Way to elevate “YOUR” party.
[CC Facepalm image credit: Cesar Astudillo | Flickr]
Submitted by Simon Black via Sovereign Man blog,
At the end of September 2011, just days before his passing, the company that Steve Jobs founded had a $25 billion cash hoard. Nearly half of this was stashed overseas.
What's more, Apple was running billions in profit through multiple Irish subsidiaries, neither of which were taxable by the US government.
Steve Jobs departed this life owning 5.5 million shares of Apple (and another 138 million shares of Disney, which employed similar offshore practices).
So his personal share of the untaxed offshore booty was obviously substantial.
Did this make him ‘unpatriotic'?
Was the guy who revolutionized five industries and touched the lives of billions of people some nefarious traitor because he held so much money offshore?
Of course not.
Despite all the absurd, highly negative media attention centered on shaming companies and individuals who go offshore, it's one of the most sensible, rational steps anyone can take.
Every taxpayer on the planet looks for legal ways to reduce way they owe, or at least claim every deduction and exemption they're entitled to.
No one files a 1040 saying, “Yeah, I'm not going to claim the child tax credit or medical expenses this year…”
Arranging one's affairs for tax optimization is normal.
People shop at duty-free stores specifically to save money and not pay sales tax.
Others live in one place (New Hampshire, for example) and commute to another (Boston) to save on state income tax.
Doing the same thing for a company is hardly different.
Apple started its shift by moving its profit center from California to Nevada, thus saving the company 8.84% in California state income tax.
From Nevada, the company then set up its Irish subsidiaries, saving the lion's share of the federal corporate tax rate.
People blast Apple (and Microsoft, Google, GE, etc.) as unpatriotic for taking advantage of the legal options available to them.
This is simply an ignorant assertion. Critics have completely forgotten that the pretext of the American Revolution was largely motivated by taxation.
I would suggest that it is US politicians who are unpatriotic. They penalize productive citizens and businesses with one of the highest tax rates in the world.
At 39%, the United States of America has a higher corporate tax rate than Norway (27%). Or ‘Communist' China (25%). And yes, even Russia (20%).
Moreover, I would suggest that going offshore is actually patriotic.
You see, these tactics aren't just available to Apple and Microsoft. Even small businesses can legally take advantage of comprehensive tax treaties and offshore sales companies, especially if you are operating an online business.
Legally reducing your tax bill means putting less money in the hands of people who have an uninterrupted track record of destruction and failure.
They have an abysmal history of managing other people's money. They blow it all on bombs, drones, wars, and unsustainable social welfare programs.
People in the Land of the Free grow up being taught that voting is a patriotic duty.
If you believe this to be true, then note that the most powerful votes you can cast are the ones you make with your feet… and your money.
Every single day you are essentially ‘voting' for the products and services that you value. If you buy an iPad, this is like casting a vote for Apple with your dollars.
This market-based approach is much more powerful than standing in a booth and being forced to choose between two complete idiots.
In the market, the best products and services receive the most votes, and hence, stay in business.
The worst companies don't receive enough votes to stay in business, and they ultimately go under (but not before getting a $536 million loan guarantee from the Department of Energy).
Politics can work the same way.
Rather than vote in the booth for new people, we can simply vote with our money and actions to restrict the resources they have available.
This isn't scandalous, shameful, or even remotely unpatriotic.
My post from earlier today on the “Moderate Muslim” provoked more discussion than I expected. A commenter named Jeff wrote at length about Islamism, conspiracy theories about funding from Gulf States, and the damage that Gates of Vienna is doing.
He said: “But someone has to challenge these kinds of spurious claims, which can only have harmful effects.”
My response is below.
When I started out in this line of work, my position was much like yours. Whenever commenters said, “There are no ‘moderate' Muslims,” I replied, “The jury's still out — we don't know that yet.”
That was at least twelve years ago. For the next few years I studied Islam intensively. And above all, I studied the statistical evidence — as Christ said, “By their fruits ye shall know them.” The statistical evidence says that “moderate” Muslims are few indeed. Repeated surveys demonstrate that a large minority of Muslims — and in some cases a majority — tell pollsters that they support what you call “Islamism”. That is, they believe violence and terrorism against the kuffar are justified.
I would never assert that there are no “moderate” Muslims. Zuhdi Jasser, for example, seems totally sincere, a decent fellow who wants his religion to be as peaceful and fulfilling as Christianity or Buddhism. But he is a very isolated case. The number of his followers — his co-religionists, that is; not the earnest non-Muslims who fervently hope that he represents the future of Islam — could sit comfortably in a Lincoln Town Car with plenty of room left over for luggage.
There is no evidence of any significant population of “moderate” Muslims anywhere in the world. Take, for example, the recent “Dozen-Muslim March Against Terror” in Germany, where only a couple of hundred people showed up — and the vast majority of those were native German Gutmenschen, and not Muslims.
There has never been an instance when thousands of Muslims took to the streets to protest against “Islamism”. Not a single one. The only time thousands of Muslims take to the streets is to protest some perceived slight committed by the kuffar. Or to denounce Israel's treatment of the “Palestinians”. Or when someone draws a cartoon of Mohammed — then hundreds of thousands of Muslims take to the streets. Not only carrying banners and chanting slogans, but also burning cars and buildings, looting businesses, and assaulting people, sometimes with fatal consequences. And what do the “moderates” say about such events? Not a peep, at least not from more than a handful.
There may be a fair number of Muslims who hold “moderate” opinions, who think that Islam should not be spread by the sword, contrary to its core scriptures. Who objects to the killing of apostates — also required by its core scriptures. Who think that a woman's legal testimony should carry more than half the weight of a man's — despite the fact that all major schools of Islamic law, Sunni and Shi'ite, state that requirement plainly.
There may be Muslims who think like that, but they wisely keep quiet, because they know they can be killed if they ever state their views publicly. That's how Islam prevents a “moderate” version of itself from every coming into existence — it kills anyone who pops up and proclaims it.
One final point: There is no such thing as “Islamism”. It doesn't exist among Muslims. It is entirely a creation of Western analysts who hope that an “extremist” version of Islam can be identified, isolated, and eliminated. But that's wishful thinking — Muslims themselves don't recognize such distinctions. As Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said: “There is no moderate or immoderate Islam. Islam is Islam and that's it.” He's a devout Muslim himself, so he should know.
So those who seek to elevate the “moderates” and isolate the “Islamists” are pursuing a chimera. They have constructed an imaginary ideology out of fluff and gossamer. The thing simply doesn't exist.
This is an awful, horrible conclusion to have reached. When the truth of it first sank in about ten years ago, for weeks I was filled with dread and depression at the thought of what must lie ahead: Yes, we are at war with a billion and a half people who want to kill us, enslave us, and abolish our culture. The 21st century may well outdo the 20th in fire and blood and slaughter.
But this is the sad truth of our times. There's no point in entertaining pretty lies.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
One more point: in your academic work, you presumably receive funding from endowed non-profit organizations, or universities, or something similar. If you ever came to the same conclusions that I have reached, you would lose your funding, because there are almost no academic institutions that will permit a point of view like mine.
I'm fortunate not to live under such constraints. We have no funding here except for the numerous small donations made by readers. I don't have to gain the approval of a board of regents, or satisfy the directors of a think tank.
So when I write things like this, it is simply the conclusion that I have reached after years of diligent study and research.
You, on the other hand, could not write such things, even if you happened to stumble across the ideas and accept the logic behind them. Not if you wanted to retain your position. Not if you wanted to avoid instant penury.
It's unfortunate that you are thus restricted in your exploration of ideas. I count myself fortunate to have total academic and literary freedom.
Jeff's comment may be read in its entirety here.
Donald J. Trump believes he can bully and bribe companies into keeping jobs in America. Shortly after his election, he "persuaded" Carrier, an Indianapolis division of United Technologies, to refrain from exporting 700 jobs to Mexico. Meanwhile, Rexnord, a maker of bearings and ball bearings also in Indianapolis, announced its decision to move 300 jobs to Monterrey, Mexico. Trump, of course, expected that after a tweet or two, Rexnord, a tiny company, would quickly capitulate. Not happening.
Advertisement:
The most powerful man in the world is getting a rude awakening about corporate power. Rexnord is thumbing its nose at the president by actually moving every one of those jobs...and the bully-in-chief can't stop them. Why is that?
1. Trump is trumped by financial strip-mining.
Rexnord is moving for obvious reasons: The new Mexican workers will make $3 an hour while the Indianapolis workers make $25 an hour. But the real motivation for moving stems from Wall Street's favorite pastime—stripping a company of its wealth through stock buybacks.
To please demand financiers, Rexnord, in 2015, agreed to buy back $300 million of its own stock. By going into the market to buy its own shares, the price of the stock rises, thereby enriching these hedge fund investors virtually overnight. (Nineteen hedge funds hold about $200 million in Rexnord stock.) The stocks rise because 1) the act of buying large amounts of them in the open market bids up their price; and 2) the company's total earnings are now spread over fewer shares.
The move to Mexico isn't just about profits; it's about financing the stock buybacks.
2. Trump's deregulation agenda empowers the financial strip-miners.
Advertisement:
From the New Deal until 1982, stock buybacks were virtually outlawed. They were considered a dangerous form of stock manipulation—a leading cause of the 1929 Wall Street crash.
During the Reagan administration, stock buybacks were legalized and financial strip-mining took off with a vengeance. Trump's deregulatory mantra means stock buybacks will continue unabated as will the pressure to move jobs to low-wage areas.
3. Trump ignores (or is clueless) about the massive extent of financial strip-mining.
In 1980, a mere 2 percent of corporate profits went to stock buybacks. By the crash of 2007-'08, more than 75 percent of ALL corporate profits went to buy back the companies' own shares. Our entire economy is being financially strip-mined by such stock manipulation. (Unfortunately, Trump does not have the attention span to read William Lazonick's excellent analysis, "Profits Without Prosperity.")
Advertisement:
4. Trump doesn't dare challenge how CEOs are paid.
Not only do hedge funds profit from financial strip-mining, they are aided and abetted by corporate executives who often derive more than 90 percent of their pay from stock incentives. As a result, CEOs run their companies with only one goal in mind—raise the price of the stock.
With those incentives in place, Rexnord executives could care less about Trump's tweets. They are moving to Mexico to fund the stock buybacks that enrich the value of their own stock incentives.
Advertisement:
5. Trump's administration is loaded with Goldman Sachs strip-miners.
Trump's economic advisors, nearly all produced by Wall Street, could care less about Rexnord moving to Mexico. After all, they grew fabulously rich by financing such moves, pressing companies for stock buybacks and profiting from trade deals. Rexnord knows that Trump's economic team has no interest at all in limiting the stock buyback scam.
6. Trump can bully immigrants but not Wall Street.
Advertisement:
It is frightening to see Trump unleash ICE on powerless immigrants, but bend over backward to placate financial elites. A bully attacks the weak and cowers before the powerful.
To repeat, stock buybacks are how Wall Street makes money in a hurry—money that is squeezed out of the workforce by shifting jobs to lower-wage areas. Wall Street will not tolerate any interference in the way it strip-mines companies. And Trump knows it.
Working people will soon know it as well. The Rexnord workers once believed Trump would come to their rescue, especially after he supposedly saved 700 jobs at Carrier just up the road. He didn't and they no longer do.
Millions more voted for Trump because they believed he would save their jobs from a similar fate. But as financial strip-mining continues unabated, these workers will learn that President Trump is not president of Wall Street. Their jobs will be sacrificed on the altar of stock buybacks. You can't tweet away financial strip-mining.
Advertisement:
Neither Donald Trump, nor even Bernie Sanders, can stop financial strip-mining on their own. It's a powerful process that has been in motion for nearly 40 years. To reverse the runaway inequality it creates will require nothing short of a dedicated mass movement, the likes of which we haven't seen for more than a generation.
As historian Michael Merrill points out, there have been four great struggles in American history:
The struggle against royal power which was replaced by the power of a new constitutional democracy. The battle against slave power which through a civil war was replaced by power of free labor. The battle against corporate power which was tamed by government regulation and union/worker power on the job. The fourth great battle is happening right now: It's the battle against financial power, with the outcome very much in doubt.
These previous victories, always partial with battles still ongoing, were not the result of spontaneous uprisings. They required vision, leadership, education, organization, and mass involvement. Each required a sustained effort over many decades.
Today we need to relearn the art of building mass movements like those created by the abolitionists, the Populists, the labor movement, and the civil rights movement.
Advertisement:
To make any progress at all against financial power, we must come out of our issue silos and join together in a common movement. We need to recognize that the financial strip-mining of our society negatively impacts nearly every issue we care about. We need to recognize that the battle against financial power and the runaway inequality it creates, links us together.
Is such a mass effort emerging right now as tens of thousands of people take to the streets and come together in town hall meetings all over the country? Perhaps. But only if these disparate resistance efforts coalesce into a powerful unified movement to take back our country from the power of finance. We have no choice but to try.
The "Left-liberal" of social media or TV debates is a figment of our imagination. Almost invariably, they are neither Left nor liberal. Most of them are quite the opposite.
Leftists and liberals worldwide advocate change of the old order. The Left puts the collective above the individual, rejects elitism and god. The liberal embraces openness of ideas, resists every form of bigotry and treats equality as the bloodstream of liberty.
The delicious irony in India is that "Left-liberals" are not pro-change but pro-continuity. They are the real conservatives. They cheerlead for the colonial continuity of Macaulay-Nehruvian education, look wistfully back at the elitist, dynastic Nehru-Gandhian rule. For them, the last word in history is written by those who view a nearly 10,000-year-old civilisation through the looking glass of the 150-year-old Marxist ideology.
Awards are returned not when a pogrom is carried out against Sikhs in 1984, or a government bulldozes with brute majority a Supreme Court order to grant alimony to a poor, 62-year-old Muslim widow struggling to raise her five children.
Nor are they returned when The Satanic Verses is banned or an editor of an Urdu daily is arrested for reprinting the Charlie Hebdo cartoon depicting Prophet Muhammad.
“Atmosphere gets vitiated” only when a man in Dadri is killed by a mob supposedly over beef, but not when a child in Rampur is shot dead in a riot just three months earlier, or when a Kerala professor's hand is chopped off for blasphemy, or a series of abductions of Hindu girls are reported in West Bengal.
Take, for instance, the surreal-ness of "liberals" fighting fiercely against a constitutionally sanctioned, progressive Uniform Civil Code, and the "right wing" demanding it vociferously.
The self-proclaimed Left-liberals on social media and television are increasingly a motley bunch of out-of-favour journalists, fading writers and artistes, Bollywood's publicity-needy, and general Voltaires-over-vodka you meet after work hours, united by their helpless loathing of one man: Narendra Modi.
Even those who see, consciously or subliminally, only through the prism of their religion have found a handy cover under the umbrella named "Left". It is cool, urban and still in fashion in the right circles.
The "karmabhoomi" of our Martini Marxists is Lutyens drawing rooms or Bandra pubs — places where an EMS Namboodiripad or a Pramod Dasgupta failed to leave their mark. Beef steak is the battlefield of their liberalism, without a salvo fired Hitchens-style, for instance, at Mother Teresa or radical Islam.
Many who preach about the nature of journalism being essentially anti-Establishment had no problem accepting junkets or positions in institutions of the previous Establishment. “Neutral observers” regularly lean on one particular side.
It is this deep hypocrisy that kept them in denial of Modi's rise and completely cut off from India's larger reality. It is increasingly legitimising the voice of unnamed thousands they unsuccessfully tried to label and ward off as trolls. This duplicity has made "liberal" and "secular" cuss words, or worse, laughable.
One of the funniest and most acerbic spoofs on Twitter is @padhalikha, whose bio reads, “I am an eminent citizen of India. My views are better than the views of ordinary stinking conservative Indians. I am progressive, liberal, and intellectual”.
This is what a fast-growing and very large number of Indians feel about the smugness of the educated elite and the Right to Selective Outrage they have arrogated to themselves.
Earlier, this lot would be faceless, nameless. They could not talk back to the media pundit or challenge him or her with facts. Now they have a mobile phone, social media and anger.
To be a liberal in this time takes a great deal of honesty, courage, humility and a sense of equality. Just as it takes considerable commitment and sacrifice to be true to the Leftist-socialist ideology.
Any resemblance of our Left-libs to Leftists and liberals is purely coincidental.
Exclusive: Transgender Teen Nicole Maines Guest Stars in USA's Royal Pains
Transgender teen Nicole Maines makes her acting debut as a guest star on USA's Royal Pains tonight, June 23. Maines plays Anna, a transgender teenager and choreographer whom Hank (Mark Feuerstein) treats and discovers that some of the hormones she has been taking for her transition may be endangering her health.
“Playing Anna on Royal Pains was an incredible experience and the amount of warmth and encouragement that I received from the cast and crew was so unexpected, but welcome,” Maines says. “Everyone's words were so supportive and kind and they really made me feel part of the cast immediately, and made my very first television acting experience a pleasure — one I will remember forever.”
Maines, a 17-year-old high school student, made history in January 2014 by winning a landmark transgender rights case in the state of Maine. It was the first time that a state court has ruled that trans students are allowed to use the bathrooms that align with their gender identity. At the age of 13, Maines served as the keynote speaker at the 2011 GLAAD gala banquet and again in 2012. She and her family also received the Roger Baldwin Award, the Maine ACLU's highest award for civil rights advocacy.
USA Network partnered with PFLAG, the original family and ally organization uniting people who are LGBTQ with families, friends, and allies, to raise awareness about the transgender community and to provide support and resources for viewers.
"The Maines' family story has been a journey of love, education, acceptance and celebration, but initially they thought they were on this path alone. Now, as part of the extended PFLAG family, we are so proud to see Nicole step confidently into this challenging and groundbreaking role on Royal Pains,” Elizabeth R. Kohm, deputy executive director of PFLAG National, said in a statement. “With the visibility of people who are transgender at an all-time high, it is more important than ever that PFLAG's support and educational resources are easy to find and readily available. We are thrilled to partner with our friends at the USA Network on a public service announcement to bring that important, and potentially life-saving, information to its viewers.”
This special episode of Royal Pains airs June 23 at 10/9c on the USA Network. Watch the clip below:
Video shows thieves breaking into Albuquerque bakery Copyright by KRQE - All rights reserved Video
ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. (KRQE) - Thieves have targeted another local business.
Two men are seen on surveillance video breaking into the Golden Crown Bakery on Mountain, east of Old Town.
The bakers and manager found the doors open early Wednesday morning. They also found all of the money used to make change was missing, as well as bottles of vanilla syrup for coffee.
Video shows the entire break-in took only 12 minutes.
"I just want to get these guys caught. Want to bring them in, want them to do the time and do the justice that needs to be done for the crime that they did. You know, give them some community service and let them know what it's like to work," owner Christopher Morales said.
Morales says police were able to get fingerprints on everything the men touched.
If you recognize the suspects, call Albuquerque Police.
Shanghai's Oriental Pearl Tower, one of the world's most famous structures and a landmark synonymous with the city, was lit up with the colors of the Israeli flag—blue and white—this week.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The gesture was part of Israel Week currently taking place in Shanghai, marking the 25th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Israel and the Far-East juggernaut.
Israel Week, an imitative of the Israeli consulate in Shanghai, began by spotlighting the country in a local festival, considered the biggest in China. As part of the festival, Israeli performers such as Inbal Pinto's dance troupe, violinist Itzhak Perlman, pianist Yaron Kohlberg and songstress Ester Rada regaled Chinese audiences, with Rada proving the breakout star, as she was hounded by local autograph-seeking fans after her set.
Shanghai's Oriental Pearl Tower was lit up in Israel's national colors
In addition, the Israeli consulate also took part in creating other cultural events, including Israeli food prepared by chefs from the Dan Hotels chain served to Chinese gourmands, a fair of Israeli products, exhibitions of Israeli photography and art and a multitude of lectures and workshops on Israeli culture and innovation. The various events were attended by more than 50,000 people.
An advertisement produced by the Israeli consulate in Shanghai
The culmination of the festival took place at the Oriental Pearl Tower and included performances by Rada and DJ Aviv Doron. The tower was then lit up in the Israeli national colors with Israel's Ambassador to China Zvi Heifetz, Shanghai Consul General Eyal Propper and local government officials in attendance.
Meet the Racist, Anti-Semitic Reddit Troll Who Claims Credit for Trump's Anti-CNN Body-Slam Tweet A Reddit user called HanAssholeSolo celebrates a retweet by the "God Emperor himself"
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Meet the Racist, Anti-Semitic Reddit Troll Who Claims Credit for Trump's Anti-CNN Body-Slam Tweet 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A Reddit user with the online handle HanAssholeSolo — and a history of racist and anti-Semitic commentary — has claimed credit for originating the anti-CNN video clip that President Trump notoriously tweeted Sunday morning.
Wow!! I never expected my meme to be retweeted by the God Emporer himself!!! from The_Donald
“Wow!! I never expected my meme to be retweeted by the God Emperor himself!!!” HanAssholeSolo wrote on Reddit.
Earlier Sunday, POTUS tweeted a Reddit video, which was an altered 2007 clip from Wrestlemania of the president body-slamming and punching WWE CEO Vince McMahon, but with McMahon's face replaced by a CNN logo. The tweet has evoked harsh criticism from both sides of the aisle for its violent and angry imagery aimed at the press.
Also Read: Twitter Calls for Trump Impeachment With #25thAmendmentNow
The Reddit user has a history of provocative posts on the pro-Trump r/The_Donald subreddit. He/she has a particular propensity for venomous comments about Muslims, liberals and African Americans. However, online detectives noted that the user had edited previous posts to remove the N-word and comments about killing Muslims, reports Quartz via Slate – most likely because he/she predicted coming under public scrutiny after claiming ownership of the Trump/CNN wrestling meme.
One comment on a thread titled “ALLAH WHO?” reads, “500,000 dead Muslims is a good start. Kill the rest and I'll be impressed.” On a separate thread concerning Congressional Democrat lawsuits against Trump, the user wrote, “F– liberals they need to just buy some rope and hang themselves. If they had done the same s– to Obama in the first six months in office they'd have burned DC down.”
HanAssholeSolo even dropped a racial slur in one comment: “What fires 200 shots into a crowd and only hits the pavement? A n–r.”
Also Read: Trump vs CNN: POTUS Tweets Faked WWE Video of Himself Body-Slamming Network
Twitter user Jared Yates Sexton shared another Reddit post from HanAssholeSolo in which the user had placed Jewish stars next to pictures of CNN staffers.
Here's another meme from the guy Trump tweeted, this one showing CNN personalities with Jewish stars. pic.twitter.com/BJoJ751eMQ
— Jared Yates Sexton (@JYSexton) July 2, 2017
According to Reddit Investigator, HanAssholeSolo has been active on Reddit since late 2015. It is unclear who this mysterious user is, but whoever it is, he/she is clearly overjoyed by the shoutout from “God Emperor” Trump.
Read original story Meet the Racist, Anti-Semitic Reddit Troll Who Claims Credit for Trump's Anti-CNN Body-Slam Tweet At TheWrap
Yellowcard
Sean O' Donnell
Date: March 17, 2017
Location: The Observatory Santa Ana
Story
Watching Yellowcard for the final time during St. Patrick's Day turned out to be a nostalgic blast. There were bittersweet moments as this concert proved to be the final time I witnessed this band live together. On the other hand, I had the proper chance to bid farewell that filled me with closure. This concert happened to mark the beginning of the bands final week together as their concluding show would be next Saturday at the recently open House of Blues, Anaheim. As their fleeting time draws to an end, the band decided to go out with a bang to their loyal fans that have been with them throughout their 20 year existence together. They altered their setlist for these final seven concerts which they debuted that night. Each song on the new setlist severed a purpose of flooding fans with nostalgia or having the band say goodbye through their songs.
The opening act this time around turned out to be Sean O'Donnell a former member of Yellowcard. O'Donnell joined the band back in April 2010 however left the band in 2012 after roughly a year and half together with Yellowcard. Afterwards he transitioned to become a solo artist which he released two albums. He returned nevertheless to help the band close out their final week. Through the night he proved to be quite the entertaining performer. His humorous personality won the crowd over as laughter filled the air with each joke he told. The most memorable one being about how he'd gladly take being the fifth favorite Sean of everyone in the room; at least he placed in the top 5. His style of music meshed well with Yellowcards pop punk/alternative sound. The relatable lyrics pair with his soothing voice left a memorable mark. The simplicity of the performance is what I enjoyed the most about his performance. He was a one-man band as only he and his guitar played for most of the duration of the performance. An exception occurred during the final song in which his old friend Ryan Key joined him on stage. The unexpected appearance of Key blew the audience away as these two men sang in harmony.
Right before Yellowcard made their grand appearance an announcement played overheard. The announcement mentioned that this night would be an enjoyable experience for all especially if people were not recording the show. It continued to state that video performances of all the songs could be found online. The band actually wants to see the faces of crowd, not see a sea of cellphone faces. Lastly, the announcement mentioned “if you're recording the band and not living in the moment, then you're fucking it up.” To my complete shock mostly everyone in the room heeded to the announcement's message. Once the band arrived on stage only one person, that I noticed, took out their phone to record. Truth be told, I did heed to the announcement as I reflect back on it. I did not take as many photos as I have in the past whenever I go to the concert. The reason being been due to my willingness to be constantly in the moment as the band gave the audience a proper sendoff.
The band started their setlist with the first single from their breakthrough album Ocean Avenue Way Away. The meaning behind the song is the band's journey from Florida to California as they dreamed of making it in the music industry. Orange County has a special meaning to the band as they moved to this area which also happened to be where they had their first sold out show at the Chain Reaction. Key touched upon this later in the night as he spoke about their humble beginnings and the gratitude of succeeding in California. The greatest hits played that night brought back nostalgic memories. Lights and Sounds and Rough Landing, Holly were some of the memorable performances for me that night due to the memories attached to these songs. I distinctly remember back in 2006 when these songs were first released and how much I loved the former song. These two songs played regularly on MTV and VH1 back when they actually showed music. Lights and Sounds became the first Yellowcard album that I brought that further fueled my love for this band. Before this I became exposed to rock music in the mid 2000's with Ocean Avenue being one of the first rock songs that exposed me to the genre. After Lights and Sounds the band flew under my radar as I became exposed to new artists and bands. I noticed that they would perform at concerts here and there in Southern California with most of their shows sold out. Once they embarked on their final world tour I could not let this opportunity slip away. Through these two Yellowcard concerts I became exposed to music that I had not previously listened before.
The band did not disappoint that night as they exceeded the audience expectations. All the members wore black – fitting as this marked the “death” of the band per say. However make no mistake as these concerts marked a time of celebration. Bass guitarist Josh Portman ripped through his guitar with tremendous energy to the applause of the crowd. His talent shined through as he profoundly moved wildly on stage. Front and center Ryan Key kept the energy moving with his infectious singing. All through the night Key kept mentioning how people were going to leave the venue barely able to speak. Based on all the fan screaming through the night, would not be surprised if that rang true for a few die hard fans. His speeches were moving, but more on those later. Something I failed to notice the first time around were the antics between Violist Sean Mackin and lead guitarist Ryan Mendez. Bantering between among themselves, they would play jokes with each other. Filling in for drums was Like Torches Jimmy Brunkvist who kept the beat and kept it strong.
As the band dove into their farewell songs Key stated his favorite album they recorded was Lift a Sail. These random tidbits of information are what I love listening as one gets to know the band a bit better. “If this was the last time that we would ever speak / Could we forgive somehow, could we let it rest in peace?” These lyrics summed up the mood of the night as well as this final week for the band. To the surprise of the audience Sean O'Donnell returned on stage to provide vocals for Hang You Up. His brief appearance to sing the chorus alongside Key amplified the experience of the performance. Soon the moment had come as the band were set to play the final song. Key took the time to address the audience to give their thanks for the audience being out there tonight. The band made the dificult decision two years prior of going their separate ways. However, they decided to embark on a world tour in order to give their fans a proper send off. As he finished giving the audience their humble gratitude they launched into Ocean Avenue. This turned out to be the perfect send off by seeing them play their biggest hit last. This is my last memory of the band of them playing the song that introduced me to them. I could not have asked for a better send off. Goodbye Yellowcard, this fan will miss you but will have your music to remember you by.
Yellowcard Setlist
1. Way Away
2. For You, and Your Denial
3. Lights and Sounds
4. Shrink the World
5. Rest in Piece
6. What Appears
7. Light Up the Sky
8. Rough Landing, Holly
9. Awakening
10. Illuminate
11. Lift a Sail
12. A Place We Set Afire
13. With You Around
14. Rivertown Blues
15. Cut Me, Mick
16. Believe
17. Hang You Up (Sean O'Donnell)
18. Empty Apartment
19. Be the Young
20. Southern Air
21. Back Home
Encore
22. Breathing
23. Only One
24. Ocean Avenue
Trivial Notes
13th concert at The Observatory Santa Ana.
2nd and final time seeing Yellowcard.
Josh Portman's official Instagram liked all 6 photos of the concert I posted.
Jimmy Brunkvist's official Instagram liked all 6 photos of the concert I posted.
Sean O'Donnell's official Instagram liked the photo I tagged him in.
Advertisements
Ahead of their Week 10 showdown with Denver, the Saints have signed two former Broncos players—tight end John Phillips and safety Shiloh Keo.
New Orleans coach Sean Payton said the team signed Keo because he is a “smart player” that can help on defense and special teams, but the timing of the signing is a bit suspicious.
The Saints may have signed Keo for his inside information about their upcoming opponent, with his playing abilities an added bonus. That's just a theory, but it's a theory that Denver special teams coordinator Joe DeCamillis has seemingly bought into.
The Saints just signed former Denver S Shiloh Keo. "I'm sure Shiloh is singing like a canary," Broncos ST coordinator Joe DeCamillas said. — Lindsay Jones (@bylindsayhjones) November 10, 2016
DeCamillis added that it's “just the league,” and he's right. League rules allow it, so there's no reason for teams to not take advantage.
Dating back to April, Keo has been signed, released, re-signed and then released again by the Broncos. He was used mostly on special teams in Denver.
Phillips, who also signed with the Saints, had five catches for 40 yards and one score in nine games with the Broncos this season.
Race track in Torcs in Top-down view.
Comparison of the reflections system of TORCS 1.3.3 (left) and Speed Dreams 2.0 (right): Front view of a racing car split by a bright line; the right part shows more vivid reflections
TORCS (The Open Racing Car Simulator) is an open-source 3D car racing simulator available for Linux, FreeBSD, Mac OS X, AmigaOS 4, AROS, MorphOS and Microsoft Windows. TORCS was created by Eric Espié and Christophe Guionneau, but project development is now headed by Bernhard Wymann.[2] It is written in C++ and is licensed under the GNU GPL. TORCS is designed to enable pre-programmed AI drivers to race against one another, while allowing the user to control a vehicle using either a keyboard, mouse, or wheel input.[3]
History [ edit ]
Development [ edit ]
Development of TORCS began in 1997 by Eric Espié and Christophe Guionneau as a 2D game called Racing Car Simulator (RCS). It was influenced by and based on RARS (Robot Auto Racing Simulator).[4] When Espié and Guionneau acquired a 3dfx graphics card for game development, they made the first 3D version of the simulator with OpenGL and renamed it Open Racing Car Simulator (ORCS) so as not to be confused with the Revision Control System.
The early versions of ORCS did not include cars with engines, making the game a Soap Box Derby-style, downhill racing simulation. When engines and engine sounds were eventually added, the simulation was given its final name, TORCS, as the name seemed more relevant to automobiles given its similarity to the word torque.
Later, Guionneau added multiple camera angles during game-play. Guionneau developed much of the original graphics code in TORCS and eventually added texture mapping to give more detail to the cars. Espié then worked on piecing together and finalizing code for release.[5]
Future goals [ edit ]
The current main developers of TORCS are Bernhard Wymann (project leader), Christos Dimitrakakis (simulation, sound, AI) and Andrew Sumner (graphics, tracks). Aside from bugfixes and maintenance of TORCS code, the next features planned include network multiplayer mode, improved physics engine, enhanced car interior detail, and replays.[6]
Reception and impact [ edit ]
In December 2000 CNN placed TORCS among the "Top 10 Linux games for the holidays".[7] Linux Journal considered TORCS to be the best open source driving game in their October 18, 2007 issue, highlighting the ability for players to design their own cars, realistic graphics and vehicle handling.[8] The game became quite popular, alone via Sourceforge.net the game was downloaded between 2000 and May 2017 over 2.9 million times.[9]
Competitions [ edit ]
The TORCS Racing Board hosts a competition on its website among players in the TORCS community. Unlike traditional network multiplayer events in which players compete in real-time on local network or Internet-connected clients simultaneously, the TORCS Racing Board is a competition between artificial intelligence "robots" developed and uploaded by users.
Faculty from the University of Würzburg and Politecnico di Milano host two AI competitions, the Simulated Car Racing Championship and the Demolition Derby Competition; the latter uses a patched TORCS server.[10]
TORCS forks [ edit ]
TORCS has been forked into several projects, for example Speed Dreams,[11] originally known as Torcs-NG.
Use in research [ edit ]
Thanks to its openness, modularity and extensibility, TORCS has been adopted as a base for many research projects; examples include automated computation of car setups, human-assisted algorithmic generation of tracks and the application of several computing techniques (e.g. genetic programming) to different aspects of robot driving. Since 2008, TORCS has also played an important role in various research fields within the IEEE Conference on Computational Intelligence and Games, where it appears as a base for 4 to 6 projects every year.
According to the TORCS FAQ the current version of TORCS should be cited as "B. Wymann, E. Espié, C. Guionneau, C. Dimitrakakis, R. Coulom, A. Sumner. TORCS: The Open Racing Car Simulator, vX.X.X, 20XX."
See also [ edit ]
FULLERTON, Calif. – Four-time national champion Cal State Fullerton will start fall ball Thursday, and all scrimmages at Goodwin Field will be open to the public.
Fall ball will run through Saturday, Nov.16, when the Titans host Family Fun Day at Goodwin Field.
Family Fun Day festivities will begin with a free youth clinic for kids 13-and-under from 9-10:30 a.m. Following the clinic Titan fans are invited to stick around and watch Cal State Fullerton play an intrasquad scrimmage, which is scheduled for a 12:20 p.m. first pitch.
During the clinic, participants will be instructed by Fullerton coaches and student-athletes on all aspects of the game including hitting, fielding and pitching with stations set up on the main diamond and in the bullpens and batting cages.
If your child is interested in participating in this special event, players need to sign up at www.titanbaseballacademy.com. Participating children should wear baseball attire and bring their hats, cleats and glove for the workout.
The Titans will also play two fall games at UNLV on Saturday, Oct. 19 (noon) and Sunday, Oct. 20 (1:00 p.m.).'
Please follow @BaseballTitans for schedule updates throughout the fall.
2013 Fall Schedule
// the_post_thumbnail(); ?
This is Randy Trani with the Corbett School District announcing that the Multnomah County Sheriff as well as fire enforcement agencies have approved our opening tomorrow. Both the sheriff's office and fire agencies will be in continuous communication with the District should any unanticipated changes occur. MCSO officials and fire officials would never allow us to have school if they anticipated an evacuation event was possible; however as a precaution the District does have an evacuation plan in place. Throughout the day bus drivers will be “on-call” should the school need to evacuate. A reunification center would be set up at MHCC.
The District is aware that many families are still in a zone three evacuation area and that other families have voluntarily evacuated. Like an ice event, if for any reason you are not able to or are uncomfortable sending your child to school feel free to keep them with you.
Also, bus service will not be offered in any zone three areas. This means that Road Runner, Casper, and Mickey Mouse bus routes will be restricted to level one and two evacuation areas. If you have specific questions about bus routes please email Todd Williams at twilliams@corbett.k12.or.us.
Infecting computers and smartphones and collecting different information from them such as Skype traffic, various chat applications (Facebook, WhatsApp, Line, Viber, etc.); recording keyboards; localization of the target, files, screenshots; tapping microphones and cameras, and the many other possibilities of Galileo – the last product of Hacking Team – have impressed the boss of the State Agency “Technical Operations” (DATO), Tsvetan Kitov. In 2013, he visited the stand of the Italian company at a specialized exhibition and left his contact details. At that time Kitov was still Deputy Chairman of Bulgaria's State Agency for National Security (DANS/SANS). What followed was a proposal for a meeting and presentation of the software, as revealed by the hacked correspondence of Hacking Team, already available in the search engine of WikiLeaks.
Kitov, himself, did not maintain the correspondence with the Italians since at the end of October 2013 he became chief of DATO, but his colleagues from DANS continued the contact through June 2014. Miroslav Tsvetkov and Assen Kumanov arranged with Hacking Team a live demonstration in Sofia in November 2014.
“We are primarily interested in targeting PCs running Windows and smartphones with Android and iOS. We would like to get better acquaintance with Galileo capabilities, starting from infection, going through data collection, system remote control and ending with destruction of the infection,” Bulgaria's own spies wrote to the hacker company which is considered an enemy of information by Reporters Without Borders.
Dear Friends, thank you for reading Bivol. Please, support our investigations and our authors Pay a Bivol Tax! Become our supporter with or a regular supporter with Send SMS:
Hacking Team has sold such technology to authoritarian regimes that have used it for hunting and crackdown on dissidents, the leaked correspondence reveals. Bulgaria, however, was not able to obtain it until now, the correspondence with DANS reveals.
The spies from DANS invited the Italians to make a demonstration with real devices and agreed that to happen on November 26 and 27, 2014. During the demonstration itself the technical team sent infected Word files and Exploit for Android. Our readers are advised not to open attachments just in case!
After the demonstration, DANS received an offer from Hacking Team, but unfortunately the files with the specific financial parameters have not survived during the exporting of the emails.
Several reminders by Hacking Team followed, until April 3, 2015, when Milko Milenov replied that unfortunately budgetary constraints did not allow the Agency to buy the software. He wrote to Massimiliano Luppi that he sincerely hoped to have a good occasion to correspond next year.
DANS was not able to deal with the PGP keys and exchanged secrets in an encrypted RAR file
The correspondence between DANS and Hacking Team includes some funny moments. Bulgarian counterintelligence officers do not seem able to deal with keys for asymmetric PGP encryption and gave the Italians instructions on how to send them encrypted messages – the text files and images are archived with WinRar or 7zip and there is an agreed in advance password.
***
FOX's decision to have Greg Olsen as part of its broadcast team for this Sunday's marquee Rams-Vikings game is not sitting well with Minnesota.
Vikings general manager Rick Spielman told NFL.com's Tom Pelissero on Tuesday that he spoke with the NFL and FOX to relay that the team feels it is inappropriate to have Olsen in the booth for Sunday's game. Olsen, currently on injured reserve due to a foot injury, could play a large role in a potentially crucial NFC matchup between the Vikings and Panthers on Dec. 10. The tight end is eligible to return to action Week 12 against the Jets.
The Vikings' request to have Olsen work a different game Week 11 -- the Panthers have their bye this week -- was declined, per Pelissero. Olsen won't be in production meetings or at Vikings practice as broadcast teams commonly are, but is slated to be in the booth Sunday.
The Rams, who don't face the Panthers in the regular season but could potentially see Carolina in the playoffs, also told Pelissero that Olsen will not attend their production meeting.
"We are excited about the opportunity to make this Sunday's broadcast fun and insightful with Pro Bowler Greg Olsen," FOX said in a statement to Pelissero. "We fully respect the Vikings concerns and will limit the amount of pre-game access allowed to Greg. We look forward to welcoming him in the broadcast booth and giving viewers a unique perspective this Sunday."
A league spokesperson told Pelissero: "We did not object to this. The player will be in the broadcast booth and will not be attending practice or a production meeting."
It is not entirely unprecedented for an active player to broadcast a game. In 2014, then-Colts quarterback Matt Hasselbeck called a Rams-Cardinals game and Marcus Allen also did it in 1994 for a game between the Lions and Buccaneers. Neither player's team, however, played the teams in question those respective seasons.
Olsen told NFL Network's Tiffany Blackmon at an event announcing his Cardiac Neurodevelopmental Program in Charlotte that he understands the Vikings' reservations.
"FOX called me a couple nights ago to kind of tell me some of the concerns of the Vikings," Olsen said. "I understood where they were coming from. I think once we made it clear to everyone involved that by no means did we ever intend to go to any practice, or being in a production meeting, interviewing the players, the coaches and getting behind the scenes info like what would traditionally happen in a production meeting, I think everyone kind of understood a little better."
Olsen added: "I don't know if the Vikings still do but the way we think about it -- nothing I'm going to see from that booth a million miles in the sky is any different than what we would see on a game film. I'm going to watch that Rams-Vikings game a hundred times between now and then, getting ready to play them. Whether I see it live from the same angle or see it on film, I don't think there's really too much advantage that I or the Panthers would have."
An openly gay Illinois State University student had to have his jaw wired shut after allegedly being beaten by a group of men who shouted homophobic slurs as he was returning home after a party.
The Chicago Sun-Times reports that 23-year-old Eric Unger was walking home when a group of five to eight African-American males passed him from behind, and one of them knocked his cell phone out of his hand. After he asked "what their problem was," Unger says the group attacked him, hurling anti-gay epithets.
"They just wanted to hurt somebody," Unger, a family relations major who hopes to work with LGBT youth, recalled for CBS. "The last thing I remember is just being blindsided by six or eight guys, and then I woke up on the concrete."
Unger reportedly suffered scrapes and bruises around his face, broken teeth, and a fractured jaw. Unger had to have his jaw wired shut for the next four to six weeks, leaving him with limited speech and on a liquid-only diet as he recovers, the Chicago Phoenix is reporting.
At present, the Normal Police Department have not classified the attack as a hate crime. “At this point, that's part of our investigation,” Chief of Police Rick Bleichner told the Phoenix. “Initially, there was no claim about that. That's why we are doing the investigation to determine anything further about that."
Actress Amanda Peet—who just so happens to be married to Game of Thrones showrunner David Benioff—was a guest on Jimmy Kimmel Live! Wednesday night, and of course the subject of Game of Thrones came up. She talked a little about everyone's favorite bastard, Jon Snow.
So…obviously she was joking about divorcing Benioff, right? Telling Kimmel that she made her husband take a picture of Kit's hair two weeks before the Game of Thrones Season 5 finale just to prove that he wasn't going to die is absolutely hilarious. Maybe she should actually divorce Benioff for this whole poorly kept secret of Harington's presence in Belfast during the filming for Game of Thrones Season 6…I kid, I kid.
Don't do that…don't do that to Jon Snow, 'cause Jon Snow is my dude, and I don't want to stay married to you if you do that.
Another very cool takeaway from this interview: the winner of the Jon Snow impersonation contest, which was hosted by Jimmy Kimmel on his show earlier this year, was hired by Benioff and flown to Belfast for some sort of unspecified role in Season 6…I knew I should have entered that contest! Finally, I've got to hand it to her, Peet did a bangup job with her Jon Snow impression. Maybe her husband should hire her to be a wilding or something for next season. She kind of looks like a slightly older version of Lyanna Stark to me.
Updated 11:50 p.m. 10/26/11
The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals late today denied a request from former Williamson County District Attorney Ken Anderson to keep him from providing testimony in an investigation of whether his office intentionally hid information that could have prevented the wrongful conviction of Michael Morton.
The justices denied Anderson's motion without a written order.
____
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Updated 1:15 p.m. 10/26/11
Lawyers for Michael Morton, the state's most recent DNA exoneree, urged the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals today to reject pleas from former Williamson County District Attorney Ken Anderson to halt their investigation into whether alleged misconduct by his office led to Morton's wrongful conviction.
John Raley, Morton's pro bono attorney from the Houston law firm Raley & Bowick, wrote in motions filed today that Anderson, who originally prosecuted Morton for his wife's murder in 1987, had no standing to challenge a subpoena requiring him to answer questions under oath. He objected to Anderson's claim that the Williamson County court has no jurisdiction in the matter.
Raley wrote that Anderson, now a state district judge in Williamson County, failed to prove that his deposition would place any undue burden on him or that it would in any way invade his personal or constitutional rights.
"He certainly has no 'privacy' interest in answering basic questions, truthfully and under oath, about the performance of his official duties," Raley wrote. "But to the extent he is concerned ... he has the same considerable shield that may be invoked by any non-party witness who is called upon to give sworn testimony in a criminal matter: to decline to answer any and all specific questions(s) by invoking his Fifth Amendment right to self-incrimination."
In the motion, Raley also wrote that former Williamson County Assistant District Attorney Mike Davis, who had previously objected to answering questions under oath, is now making arrangements to do so.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
———
Former Williamson County District Attorney Ken Anderson, who prosecuted Michael Morton for murder in 1987, today called on the state's highest criminal court to stop an investigation into whether alleged misconduct by his office led to Morton's wrongful conviction.
The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals officially exonerated Morton this month after DNA evidence revealed that another man was likely responsible for the 1986 killing of his wife, Christine Morton. Morton was released after spending nearly 25 years in prison.
In an 80-page motion, an attorney for Anderson — who is now a state district court judge — told the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals that the court in Williamson County has no jurisdiction over the Morton case and called on the justices to halt the inquiry underway into alleged prosecutorial misconduct on Anderson's watch and to prevent him from giving testimony in a deposition conducted by Morton's lawyers.
In a separate motion also filed today, Anderson's lawyer, Round Rock attorney Mark Dietz, called the efforts of Morton's lawyers to get Anderson to testify "an undue burden" that "causes unnecessary expense, is brought for harassment, annoyance ... and as a fishing expedition for possible future litigation."
Morton's attorneys — John Raley of the Houston law firm Raley & Bowick and lawyers at the New York-based Innocence Project — allege that the Williamson County district attorney's office intentionally withheld a transcript in which Christine Morton's mother told a sheriff's investigator that the couple's 3-year-old son saw a "monster" who was not his father brutally attack his mother.
The defense attorneys also claim prosecutors withheld information about Christine Morton's credit card being used and a check being cashed with her forged signature days after her death.
A two-page agreement dated Oct. 2 between current Williamson County District Attorney John Bradley and Morton's lawyers provided that Morton would be released from prison based on the DNA evidence. It also specified that after Morton's official exoneration by the Court of Criminal Appeals an investigation would continue for another 30 days into the allegations that prosecutors withheld exculpatory information. The agreement specifically called for the depositions of Anderson, former assistant prosecutor Mike Davis and former Williamson County Sheriff's Office Sgt. Don Wood, the lead investigator in the original case.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
Morton's lawyers filed subpoenas to force Anderson, who was the district attorney at the time of Morton's 1987 trial, and Davis to testify and to provide documents related to the case. Anderson and Davis both filed motions to quash the subpoenas, but Bexar County Judge Sid Harle, who is overseeing the case, denied those requests.
Don Wood did not oppose his subpoena and testified at length in a closed deposition today.
Anderson's attorney wrote in his filing with the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals that there is no basis in law for the kind of investigation Morton's lawyers are conducting. He said Anderson was not party to the agreement Bradley and Morton's lawyers signed. And even the Court of Criminal Appeals, he wrote, would not have authority to require the kind of inquest Morton's lawyers are seeking.
"Mr. Morton's writ [of habeas corpus] has been granted, he has been released from confinement, and ... [the law] does not provide a basis for freewheeling discovery and fishing expeditions for testimony that person — whose conviction has been overturned on a writ — can hope to use someday in some other legal proceeding," Dietz wrote.
In another filing requesting a protective order preventing Anderson from attending a deposition or providing Morton's lawyers with documents, Dietz wrote that Morton's lawyers and the Innocence Project "have made it abundantly clear" that they intend to pursue claims personally against Anderson and others involved in the case.
Dietz said that the court could not compel Anderson to be deposed "without any regard for the rights that he would have to defend himself" in a lawsuit. And in such a lawsuit, he argued, Anderson would have absolute immunity for work he did in his official capacity as district attorney.
And finally, Anderson's attorney pleaded with the court, "Such discovery requests offend traditional sense of American jurisprudence and are fundamentally unfair to the deponent and serve no legitimate purpose under [the law]."
Texas Tribune donors or members may be quoted or mentioned in our stories, or may be the subject of them. For a complete list of contributors, click here.
Rochelle Bilal, who serves as the President of the local chapter of the National Black Police Association, on Wednesday chuckled at the idea that the Philadelphia Police Advisory Commission, which for months has been in a transition period and will in October have a full-time Executive Director, could alleviate her current circumstances.
Bilal, as an advocate, is standing behind six narcotic cops who have complained that their superiors have encouraged corruption while creating a racially-hostile work environment. A civil-rights lawyer has been retained and formal complaints have been filed.
Mr. Richard Ross, the Philadelphia Police Commissioner, on Thursday confirmed that an Internal Affairs investigation of the allegations are underway.
“I personally wish they would have allowed that investigation to go forward before doing a press conference,” stated Mr. Ross.
At that Wednesday afternoon press conference was Reverend Robert Shine, who pastors the Berachah Baptist Church in the Logan section of the city. Rev. Shine served on the city's police oversight board for more than a decade.
Retooled and with a bit more cash, the PAC is noticeable now for its absence of black clergy. Equally noticeable – even when taking into consideration the transition period – is its lack of public engagement.
When asked whether he believed Ms. Bilal would be dismissive of the PAC had it been the version of which he was apart, Rev. Shine said “absolutely not.”
Don't like ads? Become a supporter and enjoy The Good Men Project ad free
“We were very assertive and very investigatory,” the reverend touted. “Any infraction of the law by the police department, we were right on that case.”
If what Rev. Shine, who's a well-respected member of the Philadelphia faith community, says is true, then the PAC today exist as an opposite of yesteryear. Philadelphia isn't short on policing issues. Yet the responses to them, and the statements about them, from the agency range from lackluster to nonexistent.
For example, right before the summer, a news story broke which alleged that Philadelphia police officers were reaching into the underwear of black men during stop-and-frisk encounters. Mr. Ross plead ignorance of the facts then. But on June 19th, in a private meeting, the police commissioner confirmed that, after further research, the practice had been occurring. It has since been ordered to stop.
The city, at this time, was conducting a national search for someone to lead the PAC, which had, and still has, a consultant serving as its interim Executive Director. The population of commissioners then didn't include black men or women. And, the PAC appeared to not have acknowledged at all this egregiousness. No more of this matter has been spoken of by media or policing officials. It has seemingly vanished, as has the PAC's political footprint.
This August, the Philadelphia Inquirer Editorial Board spelled out how the PAC, which just gained 13 new commissioners, could become “relevant.” Among its recommendations were to “speak up” and “get attention paid to important issues.”
Rev. Shine offered similar advice. And on the particular issue that Ms. Bilal is raising, the reverend said his team would have gone the whole nine yards, and then some. He wants to see this version of the commission act similarly.
The PAC can obtain wins. People in this city desire to see it succeed, and be permanent – even Rev. Shine was fighting for permanency when he served. But in order to win, one has to fight. And in order to corral other fighters to your corner, one must inspire.
The goal of the PAC shouldn't be to recreate yesteryear but rather to be better than. Falter further the PAC mustn't!
Thanks for reading! Until next time, I'm Flood the Drummer® and I'm Drumming for Justice!™
Photo courtesy of the author.
By Jay Forte, Contributing Reporter
RIO DE JANEIRO, BRAZIL – Since last Thursday (August 10th), Rio de Janeiro has been hosting the New Zealand Film Festival for the first time. After passing through São Paulo, the free event presents nine feature films at Espaço Itaú de Cinema, in Botafogo, in Rio's Zona Sul (South Zone).
Among the films that will be available to the public, two are featured: “Mahana (The Patriarch)”, nominated for six awards at the New Zealand Film and TV Awards 2017; and “White Lies”, which received the Best Director Award at The WIFTS Foundation International Visionary. Both are based on the works of writer Witi Ihimaera.
Mahana screened Thursday on the opening night but can be seen again tomorrow, on Sunday, August 13th. The film is based on a novel by Ihimaera, who also wrote the book behind the 2002 breakout hit “Whale Rider”, which is screening tonight, Saturday, August 12th at 9:20 PM.
Whale Rider was nominated for a Best Actress Oscar in 2004, for the young Keisha Castle-Hughes, and is perhaps the best know film from New Zealand after the 1994 shocking drama “Once Were Warriors”.
The list of productions in this New Zealand Film Festival also includes the documentary Hip Hop-eration and The Ground We Won and other feature-length films based on real events: Boy, The Dead Lands, The Dark Horse and Born to Dance. The festival runs until Wednesday, August 16th and then passes through Curitiba (August 17th-23rd) and Belo Horizonte (August 24th-30th).
The first New Zealand Film Festival in Latin America will also go to Argentina, Paraguay, Chile, Mexico, Cuba and Colombia. According to New Zealand Consul General Nick Swallow, film is a great way to present the country's culture and the project's purpose is to increase the interaction between countries, especially Brazil, through audiovisual co-productions.
“We know that there is growing interest in Brazil for quality films and international co-productions. We are working for more and more interaction between our [film] industries. Our film industry is relatively small, but it is very innovative, creative and internationalized. We believe that, together, the audiovisual professionals of Brazil and New Zealand, can produce productions of the highest quality,” the consul-general told a government news agency.
According to Swallow, Brazil and New Zealand have been tightening relations for some time and for various reasons. “I think we are realizing more and more that we are closer than we think and that we have many cultural points in common. Simple and informal lifestyles are perhaps the main ones. We believe that personal ties and cultural interaction are central to long-term relationships.”
New Zealand's Ambassador to Brazil, Caroline Bilkey, also highlights the similarity between stories and characters recorded in both countries' audiovisual works. “Perhaps the most interesting similarity between the two countries is the fact that they both accumulate great stories, lived by seemingly trivial characters and documented in cinematographic works.”
She adds, “The works we have selected for the festival approach these possibilities. They are stories that translate to film the strength of the characters, the impact, the contributions and revolutions that can be caused by individuals.”
What: New Zealand Film Festival
When: Thursday, August 10th Wednesday, August 16th
Where: Espaço Itaú de Cinema – Botafogo
Entrance: FREE
