A total military victory for Bashar al-Assad rather than a negotiated peace deal will leave Syria and Europe exposed to resurgent Sunni terrorism, as in Iraq, the UN special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, has warned.
In an interview with the Guardian in London ahead of meetings with members of the UK Foreign Office, and amid reports of a renewed Russian assault on the rebel-held cities of Idlib and Homs, De Mistura said it was unlikely that the EU and World Bank would cover the huge cost of rebuilding Syria if a settlement were imposed entirely on Assad's terms.
The man with the toughest job in the world | Janine di Giovanni Read more
“Solely concentrating [on] a military victory will [lead to] a pyrrhic victory followed by a long-term, low intensity, but extremely painful guerrilla war, in which Syrians continue to die,” he said.
“You will create a space in which, within three months, there will be more people joining Islamic State. You will not win them over unless there is a political solution.”
De Mistura's warnings will be seen as gentle diplomatic advice to the incoming Republican administration of Donald Trump that a policy towards Syria focused solely on the military destruction of Isis, likely in a de facto alliance with Russia and Assad, the Syrian president – as Trump has suggested – would fail to secure a lasting settlement.
De Mistura, one of the world's most experienced diplomats, said: “Fighting terrorism is crucial, vital, urgent and important for everyone. That is what anyone in the street in Washington, Paris, London, Istanbul or Moscow would say.
“So the extent that Russia and the US have a common approach on how to accelerate the fight against Islamic State and al-Nusra is welcome. But fighting is one thing; winning is another. To defeat Islamic State, you have to have a political approach that also includes those that feel disenfranchised, the Sunnis.
“That is exactly what happened in Iraq. Unless you address the disenfranchisement of Sunni tribes, you will have an open space for people like the Islamic State leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.
“The same applies in Syria; unless you have an inclusive political process, within three months, there will be more people joining Islamic State.”
On the cost of reconstruction in Syria following an end to the fighting, he said: “It will cost a fortune to reconstruct Syria and no single country is capable of meeting the cost.
“It certainly won't be Russia, the US or Iran. It will probably be the World Bank and the EU: for one thing, it would be cheaper for the EU than having to handle another wave of refugees, but the EU will not do it just because the war is over, but because the country has been stabilised through a credible political process.”
Denying that the peace process had collapsed, or at least was in abeyance pending Trump's inauguration on 20 January, De Mistura said his plan to lift the siege of eastern Aleppo, announced last month, was still being discussed by regional powers and could prevent the total destruction and capitulation of the city, which he predicted would be “bloody, violent and create a humanitarian tragedy”.
The UN special envoy said he still wanted the 900 or so fighters from Jabhat Fateh al-Sham, formerly linked to al-Qaida and known as al-Nusra Front, to leave Aleppo for another Syrian city. At the same time, the Syrian government would agree to recognise the current anti-Assad political administration in eastern Aleppo, led by Brita Haj Hassan, and leave it in power at least in the short term, in the process ending the air campaign.
Work is slated to begin on the James E. Roberts Memorial Bridge over Lake Don Pedro in mid-July. (File photo / Union Democrat) 5190651
Work is slated to begin on the James E. Roberts Memorial Bridge over Lake Don Pedro in mid-July. (File photo / Union Democrat) - union democrat
A- A+
A $20.8 million upgrade on the Highway 120 bridge over a narrow section of Don Pedro Reservoir is scheduled to begin Wednesday, with completion hoped for by Thanksgiving 2017, according to the state Department of Transportation.
That means one-way traffic controls on James E. Roberts Memorial Bridge for the duration of the project.
Caltrans officials say motorists should expect delays of 10 minutes to cross the bridge. A portable traffic signal is supposed to be onsite sometime this week, said Caltrans District 10 spokesman Rick Estrada.
Night-time closures are expected to begin in October. The Highway 120 route is normally one of the most popular gateways to Yosemite National Park and it's a lifeline connector between Sonora, Jamestown, Chinese Camp and Groveland.
Caltrans recommends detours on Jacksonville Road as well as La Grange Road, Bonds Flat Road and Highway 132.
Jacksonville Road
The Jacksonville Road detour is the existing shortcut between Jamestown and Mocassin. For residents of Sonora, this is already the fastest way to drive up to Groveland.
Some residents in the Stent-Quartz area outside Jamestown are unhappy about having more traffic come through their rural neighborhood. The roads are narrow and there are already enough speeding motorcycles, cars and smaller trucks coming through.
Jacksonville Road and the rest of the detour recommended by Caltrans is all on public, paved roads. Trucks with more than four axles, or with a registered gross vehicle weight of 80,000 pounds or more are prohibited on the route, Caltrans District 10 officials said.
Large big rigs with more than four axles and exceeding 80,000 pounds gross weight will have to use the longer detour combining La Grange Road, Bonds Flat Road and Highway 132.
La Grange-Bonds Flat-132
The La Grange-Bonds Flat-132 detour, all on public, paved roads, may benefit businesses near Lake Don Pedro, Coulterville and Big Oak Flat, depending on how many motorists and truckers decide to use it.
This route may also appeal to travelers coming from Modesto, Turlock and Merced, especially if Highway 140 is busy or closed due to rockslide, flooding or fire.
There is already a single-lane bridge on Highway 140 below El Portal due to Ferguson rockslide activity that began in April 2006. The current fix includes traffic signals at each end of the temporary bridge and delays for motorists heading to Yosemite. Caltrans hopes for a final fix in the Ferguson slide area by summer 2020.
The La Grange-Bonds Flat-132 detour will be especially popular if Highways 140 and 41 are closed at the same time.
Chinese Camp Store
One person who wants answers and up-to-date information about the 120 bridge project is Mike Read, who's owned the Chinese Camp Store since October 1987.
Read's business is at the rural crossroad for Highway 120, Highway 49 and Red Hills Road, west of the bridge project, and he says most of the people who stop at his store are on their way to Yosemite.
Many of the Yosemite visitors who stop in Chinese Camp are from out-of-state and other nations, and they are often full of questions, Read says. He gets plenty of queries from locals as well.
“Is there stop signs on each end of the bridge? Will they have one lane? What hours are they going to be open? Will they be closed at night?” Read asked. “Everybody's asking all these questions, and I don't have the answers.”
Read said he is accustomed to closures on Highway 120 during fires and other events over the past three decades.
“There have been fires that have caused a lot of problems, shut the road down temporarily, causing delays, like the Rim Fire,” Read said. “Most of my business is people going to Yosemite. If something causes any problem on the road, such as the Rim Fire, people get rerouted.
“At least we can see this coming and we understand it's necessary,” Read said.
Vital link
The 46-year-old Roberts Bridge is considered safe, Rick Estrada, of Caltrans District 10, said. The upgrade project includes replacing the bridge deck and retrofitting the entire structure for earthquake safety. The project is expected to give the bridge 40 more years of service.
The James E. Roberts Memorial Bridge was built in 1970 and opened in 1971, the same year New Don Pedro Dam was completed and Don Pedro Reservoir was expanded to submerge more than 25 miles of the Tuolumne River when full.
It was named the Tuolumne River Bridge and renamed in 2007 in honor of a deceased bridge engineer who was considered a leader in seismic retrofitting.
The bridge is 1,400 feet long and it spans a former section of the Tuolumne River that is flooded out by Don Pedro Reservoir.
Night closures
The second phase of the bridge project is scheduled to begin in October. The bridge will be closed 5 p.m. to 7 a.m. each night Sunday through Thursday, according to Caltrans District 10.
Crews are expected to replace the bridge deck during the nightly closures, which are slated to last into February.
Once the new deck is installed, there will be a week-long, 24/7 closure of the bridge, sometime in February.
After that, traffic on the bridge is expected to remain restricted to one lane with one-way traffic controls through November 2017.
14401476
Gearing up to run trains at higher speed, railways will this month unveil modern coaches equipped with automatic sliding doors and electro-pneumatically assisted brake system to assist in operating at 200 kmph speed.
Manufactured at the Rail Coach Factory (RCF) in Kapurthala, the first consignment of four high speed coaches - two AC chair cars and two Executive Class - are being readied to travel to the capital before March, said a senior Railway Ministry official.
Each coach is estimated to cost about Rs 3.25 cr as against the Rs 2.5 cr for the normal coach.
The official said the coaches are equipped with the latest technology like stainless steel brake disc, sintered pads and electro-pneumatically assisted brake system to run at a higher speed.
Besides, the entrance will have automatically sliding doors like Metro coaches and better dust, sound and heat insulation system.
He said the third major modification in these coaches involves improved and wider inter-car vestibule area between the coaches, which will help reduce dirt and water ingress besides reducing noise level.
A total of 20 coaches will be manufactured at RCF out of which four are almost ready and the rest will be delivered in June this year as announced by Railway Minister Suresh Prabhu in his last budget.
The new initiative involves manufacturing a rake of 20 coaches which comprises 14 AC chair cars, 3 Executive Chair cars and 3 Power cars.
Other features which are incorporated in these 200 kmph coaches include improved passenger safety and comfort. The coaches will have aesthetically pleasant interiors with spacious and ergonomically designed seats.
There will be provision of personal infotainment system in coaches also.
Each coach will emphasize on safety, and will have fire retardant furnishing besides fire and smoke detection alarms.
The lavatories of these coaches will have redesigned interior and equipped with vacuum evacuation assisted toilets.
The plush interiors will have touchless fittings in taps, hand dryers and soap dispensers besides marble finish and anti graffiti coating on walls.
The coaches carry colour scheme based on Cheetah, the fastest animal known for its vitality, and has been developed in association with the National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad.
AT,T buys Leap Wireless for $1.2 billion (Photo11: Leap Wireless) Story Highlights More consolidation in wireless as carriers seek more spectrum
Deal gives AT&T immediate presence in pre-paid market
AT&T attempts to buy T-Mobile two years ago nixed by regulators
Consolidation continues in the wireless industry.
After failing to land T-Mobile US, AT&T said Friday it agreed to buy prepaid wireless provider Leap Wireless International for $15 per share in cash.
The nation's second largest carrier will pay about $1.2 billion for all of Leap's stock and wireless properties, including licenses, network assets, retail stores and about 5 million subscribers.
Shares of Leap, which is based in San Diego and sells its wireless service through the Cricket brand, rose 2.5% to end Friday at $7.98 before the news was released.
In after-hours trading, Leap shares more than doubled to $17.31.
The deal allows AT&T to quickly build its presence in the increasingly lucrative pre-paid market. AT&T plans to retain the Cricket brand name and will open up its fastest data network -- 4G LTE -- to Cricket customers. It also wants to expand Cricket's presence in more U.S. cities.
Once the deal is completed, AT&T will tap Leap's unused spectrum – which covers 41 million people – to expand its LTE network, it said.
"The combined company will have the financial resources, scale and spectrum to better compete with other major national providers for customers interested in low-cost pre-paid service," AT&T said in a statement.
Leap's network covers customers in 35 U.S. states. As of the end of the first quarter, it had 4,63 million customers, down from 5.17 million in the year-earlier period. Its first quarter revenue fell 4.3% to $789.9 million. As of April 15, Leap had $2.8 billion of net debt.
The deal is subject to review by the Federal Communications Commission and the Department of Justice. AT&T expects the transaction to close in six to nine months.
Owners of about 29.8% of Leap's outstanding shares have agreed to vote in favor of the transaction, AT&T said.
In 2011, AT&T agreed to buy T-Mobile for $39 billion. But citing anti-trust concerns, federal regulators quashed the deal.
SoftBank, a Japanese wireless carrier, las month completed buying Sprint Nextel for $21.6 billion. T-Mobile, the fourth largest carrier in the U.S., also completed its acquisition of pre-paid carrier MetroPCS earlier this year.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/16zyjOB
Warning — grumpy engineer.
An odd editorial from Nature today. Apparently according to this ‘scientist' anyone who sees anything wrong with the emails is a denialist and “obstructionist politicians' will use it to disrupt the cap and trade legislation coming this spring. I don't know who the goofball was that wrote this rubbish, but cap and trade is a scheme to allow politicians arbitrary control over money distribution. Taxing CO2 directly is simply a method to repress industry. And frankly those of us who are not extremist industry hating leftists can usually see right through it.
Denialist appears 8 times
Conspiracy appears 3 times
Besides the fact that this was apparently written by Michael Mann's communist brother and ostrich-like in it's open mindedness, they do finish up saying that being open with the data is important. WELL THANK GOD FOR THAT!!! Jeeez .. Like pulling teeth from a friggin' alligator with tweezers.
Since the obvious and foolish intent of the editorial is to marginalize the “crazies” like US. I'll point out a few details….
#1 -McIntyre and McKitrick star bad guys of these emails are not denialists. They never make any such point.
#2 – The files were intentionally released HERE. This blog who's proprietor ADMITS GLOBAL WARMING IS REAL – Every other damn day it seems. — NOT A DENIALIST!!
#3 – VonStorch who strongly questioned the motives of these researchers – IS NOT A DENIALIST!!
#4 – Zorita who wants Mann, Jones and Rohmsdorf removed from IPCC processes – IS NOT A DENIALIST!!
#5 – I've read no articles which conclude global warming is proven wrong by this, there may be some but ya know – WHO ARE THESE DENIALISTS?
#6 – Monibot – IS THE FURTHEST POSSIBLE EXTREME FROM A DENIALIST!
#7 – Roger Pielke's are not DENIALISTS!!
Ok, that took a little pressure off, I had to get the BP below 150. Here's the article.
Editorial
Nature 462, 545 (3 December 2009) | doi :10.1038/462545a; Published online 2 December 2009
Climatologists under pressure
Top of page Abstract Stolen e-mails have revealed no scientific conspiracy, but do highlight ways in which climate researchers could be better supported in the face of public scrutiny.
The e-mail archives stolen last month from the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia (UEA), UK, have been greeted by the climate-change-denialist fringe as a propaganda windfall (see page 551). To these denialists, the scientists' scathing remarks about certain controversial palaeoclimate reconstructions qualify as the proverbial ‘smoking gun': proof that mainstream climate researchers have systematically conspired to suppress evidence contradicting their doctrine that humans are warming the globe. This paranoid interpretation would be laughable were it not for the fact that obstructionist politicians in the US Senate will probably use it next year as an excuse to stiffen their opposition to the country's much needed climate bill. Nothing in the e-mails undermines the scientific case that global warming is real — or that human activities are almost certainly the cause. That case is supported by multiple, robust lines of evidence, including several that are completely independent of the climate reconstructions debated in the e-mails. First, Earth's cryosphere is changing as one would expect in a warming climate. These changes include glacier retreat, thinning and areal reduction of Arctic sea ice, reductions in permafrost and accelerated loss of mass from the Greenland and Antarctic ice sheets. Second, the global sea level is rising. The rise is caused in part by water pouring in from melting glaciers and ice sheets, but also by thermal expansion as the oceans warm. Third, decades of biological data on blooming dates and the like suggest that spring is arriving earlier each year. Denialists often maintain that these changes are just a symptom of natural climate variability. But when climate modellers test this assertion by running their simulations with greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide held fixed, the results bear little resemblance to the observed warming. The strong implication is that increased greenhouse-gas emissions have played an important part in recent warming, meaning that curbing the world's voracious appetite for carbon is essential (see pages 568 and 570). Read the rest here. ————–
Maybe instead of posting this embarrassing political silliness at Nature they should start a blog to let some steam off. haha. So if the major critics of these emails aren't global warming denialists what does that make the people who wrote this piece? I would like to formally offer the editors who wrote this to feel free to contact me with their own guest posts here. The scientists have too much pressure and need a spot to let it loose. The ski trips and constant travel wear on a person. They might as well let off steam at the Air Vent because it's kinda embarrassing to do it in front of everyone at Nature. Crazy times.
Officer Ann Cardenas (Handout) with insert of Sgt. David John
An NYPD officer is suing her boss, who she claims subjected her to regular sexual harassment in front of other officers, including groping her, showing her photos of his penis, and referring to her as his "work pussy." "This is the worst example of sexual harassment that I have seen in all my years practicing law," lawyer Linda Cronin told the Daily News about the suit. "There was a frathouse culture in the precinct that was beyond the pale."
Officer Ann Cardenas, 29, claims that Sgt. David John, 41, harassed her for more than a year while they both worked at the 83rd Precinct in Bushwick. “In the summer of 2013 while I was in the precinct sitting on the couch in the conditions unit room, Sgt. John grabbed me, threw me down and held me down while trying to kiss me,” Cardenas, who has been on the force for six years, said in the complaint. “He then climbed on top of me and would not let me up."
"He also showed me pictures of his penis and asked, ‘Is this big? It's bigger than your boyfriend's.' This was done in front of the other officers," Cardenas said in the complaint. "Sgt. John often pulls his pants down in front of me. He often sleeps in the office with his belt undone, and then will pull his pants down, grab his groin and say, ‘Ann, hold this for me,' and will do this in front of other officers."
John, who is a 20 year NYPD veteran, has filed for retirement, but that is on hold while the Brooklyn district attorney's office and the NYPD's Internal Affairs Bureau investigate Cardenas' claims. He claimed, through his lawyer, that he is "in possession of compelling evidence confirming that Officer Cardenas is not being entirely truthful."
This is far from the first cop-on-cop allegation of sexual harassment in the past few years: the widow of an NYPD officer who died last year sued the department claiming the Queens cop committed suicide because his commanding officer forced him to have sex with her for a favorable work schedule. A lesbian officer sued over incessant sexual harassment, two female NYPD officers accused their supervisor of sexual harassment, and a male officer sued his Transit Bureau boss over unwanted sexual advances. And a female officer sued her commanding officer for sexually harassing her by utilizing the raw sexual energy of the Twilight saga.
I've finally gotten around to a careful read of the new IMF paper on redistribution and growth (pdf) — which concludes that there is no negative effect of redistributionist policies, at least within the range we normally see, and quite possibly a positive effect from the reduction in inequality. I like this conclusion, politically — which is a good reason to kick the tires, and I'll present some cautions in a later post. For now, however, a quick-and-dirty piece of data analysis inspired by the paper's method.
Ostry et al measure redistribution by the difference between the Gini coefficient (a measure of inequality) before and after taxes and transfers. The LIS project, with which I will soon be associated, has done this for a number of countries (pdf), so we can all do such exercises.
So what I found myself thinking about was the common trope on the right that the economic crisis is the result of overlarge welfare states. This is generally stated not as a hypothesis but as a fact. But what do the data say?
First, look at a sample of advanced countries, and compare the LIS measure of redistribution with their economic performance in the first five years of the ongoing economic crisis:
Photo
There is a suggestion of a slight negative correlation, and if you fit a regression line it is indeed downward-sloping, although the slope isn't significant. But you can see right away that this result is driven by the relatively good performance of Anglo-Saxon countries that arguably gain from not being on the euro.
Suppose we restrict the sample to countries on or pegged to the euro (Denmark). It looks like this:
Photo
There is, it turns out, a fair bit of variation among euro area countries in the amount of redistribution — and there is actually a positive correlation between redistribution and growth over the post-crisis period, significant at the 10 percent level.
Overall, the data offer no reason to believe that the economic crisis has something to do with the welfare state — an empirical observation that will have no impact whatsoever on the right's convictions.
Budget approved despite governor's threatened veto Stalemate: Day 77 Schwarzenegger, Dem leader deadlock over rainy-day fund - governor sees 'fatal flaw' in compromise by legislators
Don Perata (D-Oakland), center, president pro tem, of the state Senate, talks with Dave Cogdill, (R-Modesto), left, and Senate minority leader and Mike Villines (R-Clovis),right Assembly minority leader in the senate chamber in Sacramento, California, on Monday, September 15, 2008, before the state Senate was expected to vote on the state budget. The state budget is more than two months overdue. less Don Perata (D-Oakland), center, president pro tem, of the state Senate, talks with Dave Cogdill, (R-Modesto), left, and Senate minority leader and Mike Villines (R-Clovis),right Assembly minority leader in the ... more Photo: Robert Durell, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Robert Durell, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Budget approved despite governor's threatened veto 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
The state Legislature approved a budget early this morning despite Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger's threat to veto the spending plan on the grounds that fiscal changes approved by lawmakers do not go far enough.
The budget, already a record-breaking 78 days late, would close a gap of about $17 billion for the fiscal year that began July 1 without imposing new taxes. It does, however, require taxpayers to make earlier payments to the state government.
The Assembly passed the plan by 61-1 after the Senate approved a package of budget bills on a 28-12 vote.
About 12 hours before the last vote was taken at 2 a.m. today, Schwarzenegger sent a letter to Assembly and Senate leaders saying their plan for budget reform wasn't strong enough.
"I have been very clear this entire year that I would be unable to sign a budget without meaningful budget reform," the governor said in the letter.
Schwarzenegger wasn't the only state official to criticize the plan. Treasurer Bill Lockyer, a Democrat, said at a finance conference in San Francisco this morning that the budget was absurd, irresponsible and "gives gimmicks a bad name."
"It's banana republic financing," Lockyer said. The spending plan relies on "phony money and phony estimates," he said.
Legislators "haven't done their job. They haven't done it for several years," Lockyer said. One big problem, he said, is the requirement that the budget pass with a two-thirds vote.
"We need radical reform of the state Constitution," Lockyer said. "I hope this tragedy will provide that."
Schwarzenegger was demanding three changes to the lawmakers' proposal in how the state creates and uses rainy-day funds that are saved during flush years and used during tough fiscal years.
Senate President Pro Tem Don Perata, D-Oakland, said he agreed to adopt two of the changes: increasing the size of the fund and forcing the state to continue making deposits into the fund except when money is transferred from it or when the cap - 12.5 percent of the general fund - is reached.
Perata said he didn't agree with the governor's third idea, which would allow the state to dip into the rainy-day fund only when the state's actual revenue falls below the level that was estimated in the budget.
The compromise budget says the Legislature could tap into the rainy-day fund with a two-thirds vote, but the money could be spent only on debt repayment and other one-time uses.
"We were able to provide support for two of the three, and I would prefer to see this as a victory for him, and he can take some pride in that," Perata said.
If the governor vetoes the budget, Perata said he would seek to override the veto, which would require a two-thirds majority in the Legislature, the same number of votes that was needed to pass a budget.
But Matt David, Schwarzenegger's communications director, said the lawmakers' proposal has a "fatal flaw."
"Without this restriction, the rainy-day fund turns into nothing more than a slush fund that can be raided at any point and up to any amount. The governor's request is fiscally responsible because it guarantees that the rainy-day fund can only be used in slow economic years - like this year - when revenues fall below projected spending," he said in a written statement.
The budget approved by the Legislature includes $7.1 billion in spending cuts, $9.3 in additional revenue and $1.2 billion for reserves. Nearly half the additional revenue comes from future taxes on individuals and businesses that the state would collect earlier.
Many Capitol observers complained that the spending plan relied on accounting gimmicks to help paper over the giant budget gap, and said it would only create a bigger mess next year.
"How long do you think we can go without reaching a point where there are no more deferred payments, when there are no more early tax payments and when there are no more ways to jury-rig the system?" said Larry Gerston, a political science professor at San Jose State University.
Under the compromise budget, regular tax withholdings for individuals and businesses would automatically increase by 10 percent starting Jan. 1, which would allow the state to collect an additional $1.5 billion.
Legislative budget staffers argued that many taxpayers don't withhold enough for taxes on their paychecks and end up paying additional taxes when they file a return each spring. But for those who already withhold too much, the change would simply mean a bigger refund check.
"This is not additional money (for the state), it's simply moving the date when the money would come in," said Jean Ross, executive director of California Budget Project.
The budget would also require individuals and businesses that make quarterly tax payments to pay more in the first six months, a change that could generate as much as $2.3 billion in the current fiscal year.
Lawmakers conceded that the budget was not ideal. But they said some compromise was desperately needed to end an impasse that has resulted in billions of dollars being withheld from schools, health clinics, day care centers and college students.
"Everybody feels that their biggest fears were not realized: for Republicans, it's raising taxes, and for Democrats, steep cuts to health care and education ... and yet everyone didn't exactly get what they wanted," said John Laird, D-Santa Cruz, chairman of the Assembly budget committee.
Assembly Republican leader Mike Villines of Clovis (Fresno County), said the state's budget mess is so huge that it'll take more than this year to make structural fixes.
This article is over 5 years old
Cooling system for fuel storage pool fails at Japan's Fukushima nuclear plant, which was severely damaged by 2011 tsunami
The cooling system for a fuel storage pool at one of the reactors at the Fukushima nuclear plant has failed, Japanese regulators have said.
There was no immediate danger from the failure, the second at the plant in a month, they said.
The Fukushima plant was severely damaged by the March 2011 tsunami that devastated Japan's north-east coast and suffered multiple meltdowns. It is currently in the process of being decommissioned.
A spokesman for the Nuclear Regulation Authority said an alarm went off on Friday afternoon at reactor No 3, and that the cause of the failure was still under investigation.
A spokesman for the plant's operator said it would take two weeks before temperatures approach dangerous levels following a cooling system failure.
Last month, a power cut caused a two-day failure in a cooling system.
Image caption The light aircraft "clipped" the moving van as it was attempting to take off from Lambley Airstrip
A light aircraft crashed into a moving van as it was taking off from a private airstrip, council officials say.
Emergency services were called to Lambley Airstrip at 12:40 GMT after the aircraft "clipped" a Nottinghamshire County Council van driving along an adjacent road.
One man was treated by paramedics but no-one is thought to have been seriously injured.
The Civil Aviation Authority has been informed of the crash, police said.
Updates on this story and more from Nottinghamshire
Image caption No-one is believed to have been seriously injured following the crash
Neil Hodgson, the council's service director for highways, said the driver of the van was "shaken" but unhurt.
Anyone with any information on the crash is asked to contact Nottinghamshire Police.
I believe that to a large extent our current budgetary problems stem from the widespread adoption of an idea by Republicans in the 1970s called "starve the beast." It says that the best, perhaps only, way of reducing government spending is by reducing taxes. While a plausible strategy at the time it was formulated, STB became a substitute for serious budget control efforts, reduced the political cost of deficits, encouraged fiscally irresponsible tax cutting and ultimately made both spending and deficits larger.
Once upon a time Republicans thought that budget deficits were bad, that it was immoral to live for the present and pass the debt onto our children. Until the 1970s they were consistent in opposing both expansions of spending and tax cuts that were not financed with tax increases or spending cuts. Republicans also thought that deficits had a cost over and above the spending that they financed and that it was possible for this cost to be so high that tax increases were justified if spending could not be cut.
Dwight Eisenhower kept in place the high Korean War tax rates throughout his presidency, which is partly why the national debt fell from 74.3% of gross domestic product to 56% on his watch. Most Republicans in the House of Representatives voted against the Kennedy tax cut in 1963. Richard Nixon supported extension of the Vietnam War surtax instituted by Lyndon Johnson, even though he campaigned against it. And Gerald Ford opposed a permanent tax cut in 1974 because he feared its long-term impact on the deficit.
By 1977, however, Jack Kemp, Dave Stockman and a few other House Republicans concluded that the economy was desperately in need of a permanent tax rate reduction. Kemp believed that such a tax cut would so expand the economy that the revenue loss would be minimal. He also thought that much spending was driven by slow economic growth--welfare, unemployment benefits and so on--that would fall automatically if growth increased.
But the Republican Party's economic gurus--Alan Greenspan and Herb Stein, in particular--were not comfortable supporting a tax cut without stronger assurances that the deficit would not increase too much. At a time when inflation was our biggest national problem their concerns were not unreasonable.
After enactment of California's Proposition 13--a big property tax cut with no offsetting spending cuts or tax increases--on June 6, 1978, there was an immediate change in attitude among Republican economists who were previously skeptical of a permanent cut in federal income tax rates. They could see that a tax revolt was in the making and that Republicans could very possibly ride it all the way back into the White House in 1980.
On July 14, 1978, a few weeks after the Prop. 13 vote, the Senate Finance Committee held a hearing on the Kemp-Roth tax bill, which would have cut all federal income tax rates by about one-third. A key witness was Greenspan, who had recently served as chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers and was undoubtedly the most respected business economist in the United States. He was the first Republican to articulate what came to be called "starve the beast" theory.
Said Greenspan to the committee, "Let us remember that the basic purpose of any tax cut program in today's environment is to reduce the momentum of expenditure growth by restraining the amount of revenue available and trust that there is a political limit to deficit spending."
Citing Greenspan's testimony, conservative columnist George Will endorsed Kemp-Roth and STB in a column on July 27, 1978. "The focus of the fight to restrain government has shifted from limiting government spending to limiting government receipts," he reported.
Seven months after President Trump accused the pharmaceutical industry of “getting away with murder,” he is busy lining the pockets of large pharmaceutical companies worldwide by giving them more power to charge higher prices overseas. Their price monopolies are likely to be extended under a draft executive order promising “greater intellectual property protection” in multilateral and bilateral trade agreements. The North American Free Trade Agreement, for example, has already been pegged to harmonize foreign intellectual property standards to reflect those found in the United States. Canada, it seems, will be the first target of U.S. indoctrination.
The Canadian government has been repeatedly excoriated for its failure to parrot U.S. intellectual property laws, receiving numerous reprimands in congressional hearings and Office of the United States Trade Representative reports for daring to define its own standards of patentability. While the U.S. vehemently defends its own sovereignty and singularity, it seems like it cannot tolerate these principles in other nations.
That was certainly the view held by U.S. pharmaceutical giant Eli Lilly when, in November 2012, it filed an investor-state arbitration claim against the Canadian government for overturning two of its pharmaceutical patents. As McGill University's E. Richard Gold recently described in STAT, disgruntled with its losses, Eli Lilly sued the Canadian government for $500 million for its “radical departure” from U.S. intellectual property standards. Five years later, the company has spent more than $12 million trying to educate the Canadian government on what is, and what is not, an acceptable margin of change in its domestic law.
advertisement
The company's strategy to mold Canadian law in its image ultimately prevailed. In June, the Canadian Supreme Court delivered a stunning decision, overturning decades of Canadian precedent to arrive at the same standard of patentability demanded by Eli Lilly and applied in the U.S.
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce gleefully praised the decision, while Canadian academics lamented the boon to foreign patent holders at the expense of local startups. The Canadian Supreme Court had pre-empted NAFTA's renegotiation, which had identified Canada's patentability standards as a “serious problem” that would need to be addressed.
The chilling effect of investor-state arbitration on national sovereignty is not new, and the Eli Lilly case is only one in a long line of throw-downs by deep-pocketed corporations anxious to wring more profits out of foreign markets.
The Australian government spent six years (and millions of taxpayer dollars) defending its plain packaging laws from tobacco giant Phillip Morris in a dispute so decidedly comical it even made the desks of late-night comedy shows. That a sovereign nation could not pass laws designed to protect the health of its citizens without being slapped with a billion-dollar lawsuit seems so determinedly ridiculous that one has to wonder how these disputes continue to arise. But they do — in the shadows of corporate boardrooms, behind the closed doors of arbitral proceedings, and on the fringes of mainstream media.
Here's another example. The Colombian government had sought to supply its citizens with an affordable generic version of Gleevec, a cancer drug made by Novartis. Worried about losing profits on its $15,000 pill, Novartis threatened the Colombian government with an investor-state dispute, and the Colombian government had no choice but to accede.
Newsletters Sign up for our Pharmalot newsletter Please enter a valid email address. Privacy Policy Leave this field empty if you're human:
Similarly, the threat of an $800 million investor-state dispute was used by Gilead Sciences to force the Ukrainian government to deregister a generic drug that was competing with sofosbuvir (Sovaldi), Gilead's $84,000 hepatitis C medication.
The increasing use of investor-state litigation by big pharmaceutical companies to bully sovereign nations into withdrawing public health measures reflects the broad and dangerous reach of investor-state arbitration. And the strategy isn't limited to this industry.
Wealthy foreign companies can bring investor-state claims against any government measure that adversely affects corporate profits, including the closure of nuclear power plants, a ban on mining that was contaminating water, or the closure of a poisonous metal smelter.
National governments are increasingly confronting a shrinking domestic policy space, hemmed in by the chilling effect of closed-door arbitration that prioritizes profits over public health. As long as international trade agreements permit investor-state disputes, Eli Lilly, Phillip Morris, Novartis, and other companies will continue to bully sovereign nations into serving their bottom line.
As we continue to witness the private arbitration of public interests, we must ask ourselves whether Trump will continue abetting pharmaceutical companies at “getting away with murder.”
Brook K. Baker is a professor of law at Northeastern University in Boston and senior policy analyst for Health GAP (Global Access Project). Katrina Geddes is a research fellow at Global Access in Action at Harvard Law School.
Nature Hot Topic Fullerene C 60 identified in the Milky Way
Lick Observatory astronomer Mary Lea Heger first observed what were to be called 'diffuse interstellar bands' in 1919. These are absorption lines seen towards reddened stars, and although hundreds are now known, until now none of the molecules giving rise to them have been conclusively identified. In 1994, Bernard Foing and Pascale Ehrenfreund reported two diffuse interstellar bands with wavelengths close to those of the absorption bands of fullerene C 60 + measured in a neon matrix. A more certain identification awaited the gas-phase spectrum of C 60 +. John P. Maier and colleagues now present laboratory measurements of the gas-phase spectrum of C 60 + and confirm that the diffuse interstellar bands that Foing and Ehrenfreund observed do arise from C 60 +. As C 60 has already been detected in various nebulae by detection of its infrared spectrum, this new observation in the Milky Way can only add to current interest in the role of astronomical fullerenes.
Related articles
Recent Hot Topics
Sign up for Nature Research e-alerts to get the lastest research in your inbox every week.
2500 Pizzas planned for Dabo's Pizza Party
More information is coming out about Swinney's infamous pizza party on Sunday that was announced during Swinney's weekly press conference on Tuesday.
The gates in Death Valley will open at 10 AM on Sunday if Clemson wins against North Carolina on Saturday night or 2 PM if the Tigers lose.
School officials estimate 20,000 Clemson fans may make the trek to Death Valley to celebrate the teams' 12-0 undefeated regular season. This is just the second time Clemson has started a season 12-0 (1981, 2015).
The pizza ratio breakdown will be 60% meat and 40% cheese, and if Papa Johns prepares large pizzas, 2500 pizzas will be made for Sunday.
"We gonna have a pizza party on Sunday," Swinney said during his press conference. "That's gonna happen, and this thing kinda took a life of its own somehow but It's kinda hard to plan for a pizza party if you do not know the outcome. You can't just plan a pizza party if you win the game because you are not going to know until midnight or one in the morning. That's a lot of dough. As the season has planned out, the important thing, regardless if we win or not the game Saturday night, this team deserves to be celebrated. It really does. We gonna have a pizza party and (Joe G.) will give you the details of the time."
Swinney finished up by saying that "Papa Johns has stepped up. They're all in."
Swinney promised pizza back in November to all of the faithful Clemson fans.
"The only poll that we're excited about is Dec. 6, and I promise you we'll have the biggest poll party you've seen,” Swinney said. "We'll open up Death Valley and serve pizza to everybody. That'll be a time to celebrate a poll. Until then, it doesn't matter."
BEIJING: Chinese President Xi Jinping told Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi that the two Asian giants should build mutual trust by "controlling their differences" and strengthening cooperation.
Xi hosted Modi in his ancestral hometown at the start of Modi's three-day visit to China on Thursday, as India and China worked to boost economic ties despite decades of mistrust.
"We must work together to enhance mutual trust, control our differences and problems to avoid them interfering with bilateral relations," Xi was quoted as telling Modi, according to a statement on the website of China's foreign ministry late on Thursday.
Read: China's Xi greets Modi in ancestral home town with eye to trade ties
The list of problems the world's two largest countries by population face are considerable, ranging from a festering border dispute to China's support for India's arch-rival, Pakistan.
Xi urged Modi to strengthen coordination on global and regional affairs and "work together to promote the international order in a more just and fair direction".
"The two sides should follow the historical trend and realise the strategic needs for our national rejuvenation to build a closer partnership for development," Xi told Modi.
Xi's comments are part of a broad push to invoke nationalistic themes to win public support and legitimacy as he seeks to boost China's role as a bigger player in international politics. They also appear to pander to Modi, who believes in a strong and proud India.
The Global Times, an influential tabloid owned by the ruling Chinese Communist party mouthpiece the People's Daily, took aim at "suspicions from the Western world" about the partnership.
"It is obvious that the Western elite doesn't want to see India and China drawing closer to each other, because it will confront their vision for Asia's future," the newspaper said in an editorial.
Xi urged cooperation in areas including railways, industrial parks, urbanisation and training to enhance what he called the "national rejuvenation" of both China and India. He pledged to encourage Chinese companies to invest in India.
He said China was willing to work with India to "promote regional peace, stability and prosperity" in South Asia. Xi's remarks come as international concern has deepened about China's maritime ambitions in the South China Sea.
On Friday, Modi met Premier Li Keqiang in Beijing's Great Hall of the People. He will visit the economic powerhouse of Shanghai after that to meet business leaders.
From JP Morgan Chase's website:
“These officers put their lives on the line every day to keep us safe,” Dimon said. “We're incredibly proud to help them build this program and let them know how much we value their hard work.”
JPMorgan Chase recently donated an unprecedented $4.6 million to the New York City Police Foundation. The gift was the largest in the history of the foundation and will enable the New York City Police Department to strengthen security in the Big Apple. The money will pay for 1,000 new patrol car laptops, as well as security monitoring software in the NYPD's main data center.
From Naked Capitalism:
Now readers can point out that this gift is bupkis relative to the budget of the police department, which is close to $4 billion. But looking at it on a mathematical basis likely misses the incentives at work. Dimon is one of the most powerful and connected corporate leaders in Gotham City. If he thinks the police donation was worthwhile, he might encourage other bank and big company CEOs to make large donations.
And what sort of benefits might JPM get? It is unlikely that there would be anything as crass as an explicit quid pro quo. But it certainly is useful to be confident that the police are on your side, say if an executive or worse an entire desk is caught in a sex or drugs scandal. Recall that Charles Ferguson in Inside Job alleged that the use of hookers is pervasive on Wall Street (duh) and is invoiced to the banks.
Or the police might be extra protective of your interests. Today, OccupyWallStreet decided to march across the Brooklyn Bridge (a proud New York tradition) to Chase Manhattan Plaza in Brooklyn. Reports in the media indicate that the police at first seemed to be encouraging the protestors not only to cross the bridge, but were walking in front of the crowd, seemingly escorting them across:
The wee problem is that the police are in the street, and part of the crowd is also on the street (others are on a pedestrian walkway that is above street level). That puts them in violation of NYC rules that against interfering with traffic. Note the protest were aware fo the rules; they were careful to stay on the sidewalk on the way to the bridge.
Over 700 of the marchers were arrested, and the media has a rather amusing “he said, she said” account, with OccupyWallStreet claiming entrapment and the cops batting their baby blues and trying to look innocent.
I love pizza delivery services. I can get the greatest food on the planet without having to leave my house. I thought that there was no way to improve upon such a perfect model, but Germany has proven me wrong.
Students at the University of Berlin have created the flying pizza delivery service. In essence: it's a mini-helicopter drone that delivers a hot pizza to anybody in the area. It may not be as fast as a regular car delivery, but it's way more awesome. Check it out:
This isn't the first time that people have dabbled with the idea of unmanned drone delivery services. San Francisco-based TacoCopter became prominent thanks to the Internet earlier this year despite being around since 2011. Current FAA guidelines prevent people from using unmanned drones for commercial purposes though. It seems that such regulations do not exist in Germany.
It's important to note that the flying pizza delivery service is a student project. You're not going to suddenly see pizza places all over Germany start delivering food via tiny helicopters. It would be totally awesome if that was the case, but the logistics for implementing flying delivery on a mass scale is a little too difficult at the moment.
Regardless, it brings up some interesting questions. Would we be fine living in a world where physical goods are delivered via unmanned drones? We like current delivery methods because the human operating the delivery vehicle ensures the product reaches us. Too many variables come into play with unmanned drones.
Despite all the reasons one can be against it, tiny helicopters are awesome. It becomes even better when the payload is delicious, gooey pizza.
[h/t: Reddit
(Reuters) - beefed up its border defenses with Sunday after Sunni gunmen seized territory close to its border in Anbar province and appeared to have also taken control of the only land crossing with its large eastern neighbor, officials and witnesses said.
Two officials said the border crossing almost 575 km (357 miles) from the Iraqi capital and nearly 320 km (199 miles) from was effectively closed after Sunni gunmen took control of the crossing.
A Jordanian minister earlier told Reuters traffic had halted and there were signs of chaos at the crossing that serves as a major artery for passenger and trade flows between the two countries.
"The last traffic was around 7:30 p.m. (1630 GMT) and border officials are saying the situation is not normal on the other side of the border," Minister of State for Media and Communication said.
Earlier, Iraqi Sunni gunmen had seized control of the town of , just 90 miles (145 km) east of the border with .
An source confirmed units had been put in a state of alert in recent days along the 181-km (112-mile) border with , redeploying in some areas as part of steps to ward off "any potential or perceived security threats".
Truck drivers who arrived in before traffic halted after crossing the border said Sunni tribal militants were now running and manning checkpoints along large stretches of the Baghad- highway that runs through the crossing.
A security source who requested anonymity said the border crossing on the Iraqi side had fallen earlier in the day to local Sunni tribal gunmen who permitted customs officials to continue to run it administratively until later on Sunday.
U.S. ally was expected to formally close the border to traffic as soon as the formally announced its loss of control over the crucial trade and passenger crossing, he added.
On Sunday, militants overran a second frontier post on the Syrian border, extending two weeks of swift territorial gains as the Islamic State of and the Syria pursues the goal of its own caliphate straddling both countries.
ISIL thrust east from a newly captured Iraqi-Syrian border post on Sunday, taking three towns in 's western Anbar province after seizing the frontier crossing near the town of on Saturday, witnesses and security sources said. They seized a second, al-Waleed, on Sunday. The gains have helped ISIS secure supply lines to where it has exploited the chaos of the uprising against President to seize territory.
The loss of the Iraqi border crossing with was not seen as an immediate security threat to the kingdom although some were unnerved by the prospect of al Qaeda-affiliated groups along the border with , another official said.
It was difficult to see security-conscious , which has almost cut off any flow of militants across its heavily sealed northern border with , allowing itself to become a launching pad or supply route for Islamist jihadists into , he added.
, grappling with the mounting impact of the grinding conflict in neighboring , is one of the closest U.S. allies in the .
adidas Originals Releases A “Crafted” Gazelle With Fully Loaded Packaging
4.18 / 5 25 VOTES This post contains references to products from one or more of our advertisers. We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products. The opinions and information provided on this site are original editorial content of Sneaker News.
adidas Originals are creating a luxe Gazelle model with a deconstructed one-piece upper adorned in C.F. Stead suede. Charles F. Stead is one of the most respected artisan suede tanners in the world and took his talents to this model dying the classic silhouette in an attractive navy hue. The “Crafted” Gazelle comes packaged with nylon and leather laces, a leather cleaning kit, and premium packaging that tie together the luxurious aesthetic achieved by the design. Head over to select adidas retailers or log on to premium accounts like Sneaker Politics to grab a pair of the adidas Original Gazelle “Crafted” today for $250 USD.
adidas Gazelle
$250
Color: Navy/White/Gold
Style Code: BW1250
The hacking collective Anonymous has declared war on the Thai police, taking down multiple websites in protest against what it said was the scapegoating of two Burmese men convicting of killing two British backpackers on Koh Tao island.
The cyber activist group posted links to 15 Thai police websites, including the Bangkok Metropolitan Police Bureau, and published several Thai police email addresses, asking its members to hack them.
On Wednesday, seven of the websites were down and two links showed a black screen with “Failed Law. We want Justice. #BoycottThailand” written in white text.
The links also showed Anonymous's signature mask, a white stylised Guy Fawkes face, under text saying “Blink hacker group”. Anonymous is a loose international network and works with multiple hacking organisations.
British backpacker murder case that put Thailand on trial Read more
Migrant bar workers Zaw Lin and Wai Phyo were sentenced to death on 24 December for the rape and murder of Hannah Witheridge, 23, from Norfolk, and the murder of 24-year-old David Miller, from Jersey, in September 2014.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Wai Phyo, left, and Zaw Lin are escorted by a Thai police officer after they were sentenced to death at the Samui provincial court, on Koh Samui Island, on 24 December. Photograph: Rungroj Yongrit/EPA
The case drew the attention of rights groups who warned that migrants had previously been falsely accused of crimes in Thailand. The pair initially confessed to the murder but later rescinded their statements, saying they had been tortured by police to admit to the brutal beach attack.
The police, who deny any wrongdoing, were also accused by the defence team of mishandling crucial DNA evidence.
In a 37-minute video posted on its Facebook page, Anonymous said the Thai police “would rather blame foreigners or migrants for such crimes so as to protect their tourism industry than accuse their own Thai locals, that may deter tourists from choosing Thailand as their holiday destination”.
It cited past murder cases in Thailand involving foreigners in which Thai police first accused non-Thais who were later acquitted.
“Anonymous has found that Thai police, lie, fabricate evidence, do poor police investigating, contaminate crime scenes, loose DNA and evidence, accuse non-Thai nationals” and “refuse to believe that their own Thai locals are responsible for any wrongdoing”, a masked figure said in the video.
“We do not like the facts in this recent Koh Tao case and we do not believe the Thai court has convicted the actual murderers,” the figure said, speaking in a digitised voice.
It added that Anonymous dissuades foreigners from visiting the south-east Asian nation until “Thai police make many changes in the way they handle rape and murder cases involving foreigners or migrants and show more respect to deceased victims.”
Police spokesman Dechnarong Suticharnbancha told the local Khaosod news website that the police were working to track down the hackers.
“Even if the source of attack was from abroad, they will be convicted eventually,” he said. “It's not a problem. Thai police are excellent.”
The defence team plans to apply to the appeals court to commute the sentence and, if they are unsuccessful, can take their case to the supreme court. The verdict sparked protests outside the Thai embassy in the Myanmar city of Yangon.
Miller's family said after the sentencing they believed the police investigation and forensic work “was not the so-called shambles it was made out to be” and said justice was delivered.
The Witheridge family neither supported nor condemned the sentencing. They said in a statement at the time: “We have had to endure a lot of painful and confusing information. We now need time, as a family, to digest the outcome of the trial and figure out the most appropriate way to tell our story.”
TELLURIDE, Colo. (AP) — Telluride residents were asked to turn out the lights on Saturday night and early Sunday to help stargazers see the night sky free of light pollution.
"For all of humanity's history up until the last two generations, humans have always looked up and seen the night sky," night sky photographer Ben Canales said.
Joining him will be astronomers, who will be leading a tour of the stars.
The steep canyon walls and high altitude of Telluride mean that little other light pollution will be visible if the town itself goes dark, the Telluride Daily Planet reported (http://tinyurl.com/kfg3vaf).
Canales said he would guide photographers up the Jud Wiebe Trail to get a birds-eye view of the dark town and the brilliant night sky.
Homeowners and renters were asked to turn off porch lights and anything that might contribute light pollution before going to bed Saturday night. Business owners were encouraged to leave their shops dark when closing down for the night.
"It's pretty wild," Canales said. "It sounds like we're making a fort back in the living room with couch cushions. There's something really fun about it."
___
Information from: Telluride Daily Planet, http://www.telluridenews.com
The Body Mass Index — a number, calculated from your height and weight, used by doctors to identify potential weight problems — is a flawed screening tool. Numerous studies have pointed to its limitations in the past, but an investigation published in PLoS ONE this April suggests that the use of BMI by physicians to assess "body fatness" (that's the CDC's term, not ours) has given rise to a gilded view of America's already troubling obesity epidemic.
By comparing the BMIs of 1,400 people against more accurate, X-ray measurements of their body fat, the researchers found that BMI correctly predicted obesity just three-fifths of the time, and that women were especially prone to misdiagnosis. According to Discover Magazine, the researchers propose addressing misdiagnoses by "changing the BMI obesity threshold (now at 30) to 24 for women, 28 for men. They also advise people to consider a body fat scan and a blood test for the hunger-suppressing hormone leptin."
Advertisement
"Shifting those currently considered overweight into the obese category would clarify the magnitude of the issue of obesity," write the researchers — albeit with staggering results. "By our cutoffs," they note, "64.1% or about 99.8 million American women are obese."
[PLoS ONE via Discover]
Top image by Max Delson Martin Sansos via
India used its annual Republic Day parade to display its first-ever intercontinental ballistic missile, just hours after the country's president made loaded comments about its relationship with long-time antagonist Pakistan.
Republic Day, nominally a national holiday celebrating the introduction of a constitution following independence, is traditionally a display of nationalistic fervor, capped by a massive procession showing off all the latest military hardware.
The pride of place this year was taken by Agni-V, a new-generation missile capable of carrying nuclear warheads as far as China and central Russia, which has been developed at a cost of more than half a billion US dollars. Although the missile underwent a successful test launch in August last year, this was the first time it has been shown to the wider public.
With a range of at least 5,500 km (with some experts claiming its true “classified” reach is actually 8,000 km) the project puts India in an elite club of nuclear superpowers with intercontinental capabilities. The only other countries with such weapons are the US, Russia, UK, France and China (Israel also produces long-range missiles, but does not officially possess nuclear weapons).
Missile Agni V is displayed during the Republic Day parade in New Delhi on January 26, 2013. (AFP Photo/Raveendran)
The display was covered closely by Chinese media, which have previously reacted warily to India's desire to develop a longer-range weapon.
Meanwhile, tensions with neighboring Pakistan, with whom India has long had a simmering conflict over the disputed region of Kashmir, was ratcheted up by comments from new President Pranab Mukherjee.
"We believe in peace on the border and are always ready to offer a hand in the hope of friendship… but this hand should not be taken for granted," warned Mukherjee in a speech that was televised twice on the eve and the day of the parade.
The two countries agreed a tentative ceasefire last week after a spate of shootings, killing several border guards in recent months.
Last year India invested nearly $50 billion into its armed forces – making it the world's seventh biggest national defense spender.
Other prominent display items included a scale model of INS Vikramaditya, a converted Soviet-era aircraft carrier that will enter into service later this year, and Arjun tanks, the mainstay of the country's modern armed forces.
In this handout photograph received from the Ministry of Defence on January 26, 2013 Indian Army soldiers march down the ceremonial boulevard Rajpath during the Republic Day parade in New Delhi on January 26, 2013. (AFP Photo/Defence Ministry)
Indian Air Force bomber aircraft fly past during the Republic Day parade in New Delhi on January 26, 2013. (AFP Photo/Raveendran)
Indian soldiers march down the ceremonial boulevard Rajpath during the Republic Day parade in New Delhi on January 26, 2013. (AFP Photo/Raveendran)
A float representing the Indian state of West Bengal rolls down the ceremonial boulevard Rajpath during the Republic Day parade in New Delhi on January 26, 2013. (AFP Photo/Raveendran)
In this handout photograph received from the Ministry of Defence on January 26, 2013 Indian defence force personell perform stunts on motorcycles on the ceremonial boulevard Rajpath during the Republic Day parade in New Delhi on January 26, 2013. (AFP Photo/Defence Ministry)
Numbers of India's main battle tank 'Arjun' roll down the ceremonial boulevard Rajpath during the Republic Day parade in New Delhi on January 26, 2013. (AFP Photo/Raveendran)
Had enough of a break from the 2012 election cycle? If not, too bad — because 2014's cycle starts tomorrow. According to Roll Call's David Drucker, the NRA will roll out full-page newspaper ads in red states represented by Democrats in the Senate in an effort to stop an assault-weapon ban from proceeding:
The National Rifle Association will launch a print advertising campaign targeting mostly Democratic senators up for re-election in 2014, according to sources close to the group. On Thursday, full-page ads are scheduled to run in local newspapers in Arkansas, Louisiana, Maine, North Carolina and West Virginia. They will be supplemented by digital advertising in these states and 10 others, including Alaska, Colorado, Montana, New Hampshire and South Dakota. … The campaign is estimated to cost north of $375,000, sources said. The NRA's newspaper ads will run in three states with Democratic incumbents up in 2014: Sens. Mark Pryor of Arkansas, Mary L. Landrieu of Louisiana and Kay Hagan of North Carolina. In West Virginia, Democratic Sen. Jay Rockefeller is retiring, but the race to replace him is competitive.
Well, the West Virginia placement probably has as much to do with Joe Manchin as it does the open seat Rockefeller will leave with his retirement. Manchin started off by sounding open to an assault-weapons ban, but quickly changed his tune after visiting with constituents who wanted to know what he'd been drinking in Washington. Manchin shifted his efforts to expanding background checks, an effort that has broad support with voters, if not the NRA's leadership, especially since we don't have time to follow up on current background checks, according to Joe Biden. Consider the West Virginia placement a handy reminder for Manchin to stay in line.
The NRA's efforts will be bipartisan, too. They will place ads in Maine, where Susan Collins comes up for re-election in 2014. Collins is considered a no vote on the AWB already, though, and her newly-elected independent colleague Angus King has already said he opposes it. So why spend the money? They're worried that the background-check expansion will include universal gun registration and/or confiscation:
Expect the ads to hit these points heavily.
The 2016 Buick Cascada is all-new, midsize convertible. There are still plenty News to top-down of course, but especially precious ( Volkswagen Beetle), pony ( Ford Mustang) premium or ( BMW 4 Series, Audi A5) variety. It's curious, seeing introduces the 2016 Buick Cascada, a department of the two soft-top convertible large enough to seat four and comfort of passengers. The Savvy car spotters Global'll like passing 2016 Buick Cascada and the example of Opel is available in Europe and other markets. The 2016 Buick Cascada reportedly will use the same basic chassis bodywork And as Opel, but also to ride seats are tailored to high willingly American.
2016 Buick Cascada Features
Although the 2016 Buick shares STI chassis design model 2016 Buick Cascada and European Opel, in America it will share STI front suspension with the 2016 Buick Regal and 2016 Buick Lacrosse. Hopefully this combine Buick's signature comfort With The interesting ride, handling responsive we've enjoyed in the Regal.
The soft top in seconds allo-correlated 17 (And you can do a maximum speed of 31 mph), and heated seats and a heated steering wheel Should Take the chill off cold-weather driving. The 2016 Buick Cascada gives passengers Real Create a two-seat convertible and not many today can say. Buick has not yet announced the rear seat ratings, but six feet, 3 inches Our editor Praised open space after after sitting on a set of seat an adult driver of average height.
The 2016 Buick Cascada And gives legal trunk space: 13.4 cubic With The top up or Camaro Mustang convertible – and 9.8 With The top stowed away. The split rear seat-backs electronic zululand And long to charge. Other noteworthy features include 20-inch alloy wheels, onboard WiFi 4G LTE connectivity, Siri Eyes Free (hands-free calling and text messaging), navigation system with the latest Buick's IntelliLink, paid in a rear camera, built parking sensors and Lane warning to leave.
2016 Buick Cascada Engine
The 2016 Buick Cascada 1.6-liter turbocharged use-cylinder rated 200 horsepower 206 engine pound-feet of torque. It pairs with the transmission six-speed automatic power to send the front wheels. The 2016 Buick Cascada humility numbers will not win many drivers working-minded, but it should be enough comfortable those seeking cruiser convertible.
2016 Buick Cascada Price
Buick has not announced pricing for the 2016 Buick Cascada, but Given STI collection of features, size and performance, It's expect it to start in the low $30,000. The 2016 Buick Cascada Should go on sale in early 2016.
F1's power unit penalty system will be revised for next season in a bid to clear up confusion over how the starting grid is formed. Under the system in place in 2017, drivers changing multiple power unit components could rack up multiple grid drops, often in excess of the number of cars at the event.
From now on, any driver who earns a grid penalty of 15 places or more will have to start from the back of the grid. If more than one driver receives such a penalty they will be arranged at the back of the grid in the order in which they changed components.
The rule change, which was confirmed by the FIA's World Motor Sport Council (WMSC) in a meeting in Paris on Wednesday, is particularly relevant in light of the number of power units available to each driver over the course of the season dropping from four to three for 2018 – a move some fear will lead to an increase in grid penalties because of the increased longevity each unit will have to shoulder.
Additional changes
As well as tweaking the grid penalty system, the WMSC also approved a number of amendments to the F1 Sporting and Technical Regulations for 2018, including:
Regulations relating to procedures for starting or resuming a race behind the safety car
Changing the event timetable to increase flexibility
Ensuring that testing of previous cars may only take place on tracks currently holding an FIA Grade 1 or 1T licence
Provision for demonstration events in previous cars which does not constitute testing. No such demonstrations may exceed 50km in length and only tyres manufactured specifically for this purpose by the appointed supplier may be used
Changes to ensure that oil cannot be used as fuel
Introduction of a detailed specification for oil
A minimum weight and volume for energy storage (batteries)
Changes to position of cameras and wing mirrors to accommodate the Halo
The WMSC also formally ratified a 21-round World Championship calendar for 2018, which you can see in full by clicking here.
A plan to to challenge young children's ideas about gender through play at schools in northern Italy – including with a memory game that contains images of male homemakers and female plumbers – has created a storm of protest, with some politicians saying the effort will confuse children about their sexual identity.
The programme – titled Game of Respect – is aimed at children aged three to six in 45 schools in the Trieste region and involves educating teachers about how to use games and role-playing to teach gender equality.
Part of the kit given to teachers is Memory, the classic matching game, which includes images of male teachers, female chefs, female firefighters and a man pushing a pram.
Another game uses images of an elephant – on a skateboard, with a briefcase, with children, cooking – to promote questions and dialogue with children about whether they believe it is a male or female elephant that is engaged in the activity. The programme urges teachers to observe the use of certain colours in the classroom that are traditionally geared in a gender-specific way, and how many toys are used – such as strollers and cosmetics – that also adhere to gender stereotypes.
“Very often boys think about typical boy jobs while girls think about other typical work or aptitudes, so this play is aimed at making them understand that, if you are a man, you can use an iron at home, and if you are a woman, you can be an aeroplane pilot,” says Antonella Grim, an education official on the city council in Trieste, who supports the programme.
“It is not about sexual attitudes. It is about roles in society and stereotypes,” she said.
Grim said the programme had not yet been rolled out. Instead, teachers in select schools were attending voluntary training sessions to become versed in the games. Next, the plan will be presented to parents.
The most serious obstacles to the programme may be political, however, with officials from the rightwing Northern League party and Forza Italia, Silvio Berlusconi's conservative party, voicing strong objections. According to reports, plans for children to play dressup in costumes that defy gender stereotypes have caused the most uproar.
Barbara Zilli, the regional director of the Northern League, called for the immediate suspension of the programme, saying in a statement that it was “likely to create confusion with respect to the sexual identity of children” and that it was an “underhanded attempt to manipulate the psyche” of young children with “deliberately ambiguous” messages.
“It is legitimate and understandable that schools be taught not to discriminate against gays and other minorities, but this does not necessarily entail the imposition of a model of society that provides for the elimination of the natural differences between the sexes,” she said.
Sandra Savino, of Forza Italia, said the plan had no “pedagogical function” and that the correct place to examine gender differences was within the family.
But not all local politicians oppose the programme. Some members of the Democratic party and the anti-establishment Five-Star Movement have expressed their support.
“Objections to the programme come from fundamentalist Catholic preconceptions that increase intolerance without considering the educational needs of children and the need to give them instruments to serenely face diversity,” a Five-Star Movement spokesman told Il Piccolo, a Trieste newspaper.
“The gender gap is one of the major problems of our country, due to lack of development of the whole society: to overcome it we must remove the structural causes,” said Fabiana Martini, the deputy mayor in Trieste. “These reactions show that there is still much work to be done and that there really is need for the Game of Respect.”
Pfizer and KPMG had ample time to respond to questions before we published a story on August 4 revealing a sham, a series of transactions designed to avoid tax by creating almost $1 billion in share capital. They did not respond by deadline.
Three days later, after we published a brief Despatch column asking Pfizer to pay back the money it owed the Australian people – and for the pharma giant and its auditor KPMG to apologise – we got this brief response from KPMG:
“Sorry I didn't get back to you last week. EY did the tax advice not us. You might want to check with them.”
Not much point doing that. EY is even less communicative than KPMG, and probably slightly worse on audit standards. Though, if EY did do the tax advice – and EY may well have had a hand it is – there is little evidence in Pfizer's statutory materials. Another check of the financial statements of all the companies involved only showed KPMG as auditor and KPMG as providing “taxation services”. No EY.
We put this to KPMG, that there was no sign of EY. There was no response. This is par for the course; there is never much more than a courteous dead-batting, and this is inevitably the response from all of the Big Four. None are worse than the other. They are all the same, polite nothingness.
They know they can rely on the relentless sycophancy of the mainstream financial press to nurture their reputations.
So, KPMG, the three entities in question are Pfizer Australia Holdings, Pfizer Australia Investments and Pfizer PFE Australia. KPMG is auditor of all three and the only firm disclosed as providing “taxation services”. There is no sign of EY.
The Big Four need to be broken up. Providing tax advice and audit is too great a conflict of interest.
Industrial hemp legislation passes South Australian Parliament
Posted
Industrial hemp legislation has passed the South Australian Parliament, with farmers expected to be free to plant crops within weeks.
"This is a new opportunity for farmers but it will also mean that those who sell and manufacture hemp products now in South Australia won't have to source their materials from interstate or overseas" said Greens Upper House member Tammy Franks, who sponsored the bill.
The current hemp industry in South Australia includes manufacturing of clothes, cosmetics and building materials.
Industrial hemp is defined as containing less than 1 per cent of the psychoactive drug THC.
"You could try and smoke it but there's no way you'd get stoned," Ms Franks said.
"You might get a headache but there's no way that this can be used as a recreational drug."
The Greens secured backing from both Labor and the Liberals to ensure passage of the bill.
Most other Australian jurisdictions already have such laws.
SA Manufacturing and Innovation Minister Kyam Maher said it remained to be seen how many primary producers would be interested in growing hemp crops.
"We don't know how big it might be, but we want to make sure there's every opportunity to people who may have an interest in this," he said.
"We will set up the regulatory framework and it will be up to farmers and manufacturers to decide if it's economic and it's something that they want to do."
Ms Franks remains keen for South Australians to have easier access to medical cannabis.
It technically became legal after Federal Parliament passed legislation last year, but each state must individually regulate how patients can access it.
Mr Maher said it could now be prescribed to some South Australian patients and efforts were underway to reduce red tape.
"In the coming weeks we'll have more to say about that," he promised.
Topics: state-parliament, government-and-politics, states-and-territories, agricultural-crops, rural, adelaide-5000, sa
Advertisement
A suspect in the deadly shootout featuring two biker gangs in Waco over the weekend is a retired San Antonio Police Department detective.
Martin Lewis served 32 years before he retired in February 2004, said the department in a statement released Tuesday night. No further information was made available.
Lewis is one of 170 people booked on charges connected to the shoot-out in the parking lot of a Twin Peaks restaurant in Waco during which nine people were killed and 18 injured.
Bond was set at $1 million each for the suspects - believed to be from as many as five different biker gangs - who have all been charged with engaging in organized crime.
The scale of the incident is likely to overwhelm McLennan County District Attorney Abelino Reyna and his team of about a dozen felony prosecutors, predict legal experts.
Scroll down for video
Martin Lewis is a retired San Antonio Police Department detective who served on the force for 32 years before he retired in February 2014, the department in a statement released on Tuesday
Lewis is one of 170 people booked on charges connected to the shoot-out in the parking lot of a Twin Peaks restaurant in Waco during which nine people were killed and 18 injured
Officers have said they are still recovering firearms from the scene of the violence, where hundreds of weapons were left abandoned, days after fighting broke out killing nine people
Officers search a vacant lot near to the Twin Peaks restaurant where the bikers gangs began fighting, as law experts warn that the number of arrests may overwhelm the local justice system
'It's pretty much unchartered territory for anybody,' defense lawyer Walter Reaves Jr., told USA Today. 'It's going to put a strain on the entire court system.'
Engaging in organized crime can bring a sentence of five years to life in prison, but some of those charges could be upgraded to murder, a capital offense. Texas has the death penalty.
Michael Heiskell, a former federal and state prosecutor, said he didn't expect many trials to emerge from all the resulting charges.
'The magnitude of the arrests is amazing,' Heiskell said. 'It could break the bank in McLennan County.'
The cost of a death penalty case can reach 'high six figures' and possibly $1 million, said Heiskell. If defendants can't pay, then the county has to.
'I think when the dust settles you may have maybe a few capital charges filed,' said Heiskell. He also predicts that those will be plea bargained down.
While jailers are working hard to keep rival biker gang members apart in lockup, police in Texas remain on alert after two biker gangs allegedly issued orders to shoot and kill uniformed law enforcement officers.
State and federal authorities distributed memos to local police warning that the Cossacks and Bandidos motorcycle gangs had been told to arm themselves and head to North Texas in the wake of last weekend's bloody shootout.
A police officer removes a jacket bearing the name of the Bandidos motorcycle gang from a vehicle at the Twin Peaks restaurant on Tuesday. Nine members of a motorcycle gang were shot and killed, in Waco, Texas, at the weekend
A tow truck driver prepares to leave with motorcycles from the Twin Peaks restaurant. Texas police asked rival motorcycle gangs on Tuesday to put aside their differences after the weekend brawl at the Waco restaurant that left nine people dead and 18 injured
An incredible image showing the moment a lone police officer kept at least seven bikers down during the deadly shoot-out in Waco on Sunday was shared by the Mclennan County Sheriff's Office on Monday.
The photo, pictured below, shows the officer walking past the gang members with his weapon drawn.
'This photo is the perfect example of what COURAGE looks like,' the sheriff's office said. 'Great job to the Waco Police Dept. and Texas DPS for their quick actions. There is no doubt that lives were saved as a direct result of the officers bravery and commitment to keep this community safe.'
Experts have revealed that confrontation between the Cossacks and the Bandidos - the two main gangs involved in the shooting - had been simmering for months when one biker's foot was apparently run over by a rival in a restaurant parking lot.
Police said the injury to the biker's foot is thought to have sparked the shootout when the rivals faced off at a gathering at a so-called 'breastauraunt'.
And Edward Winterhalder, a former member of the Bandidos who has written 10 books about biker gangs, told Daily Mail Online that the feud began when the Cossacks angered their rivals by putting a Texas patch on a territory-claiming part of their vests known as the 'bottom rocker' a year ago.
Bravery: An image shared by the sheriff's office shows officers taking back control of the situation on Sunday afternoon
Investigation: A police office and canine inspect vehicles in the parking lot of the Twin Peaks restaurant on Tuesday morning
Crime scene: On Tuesday, bikes can still be seen in the parking lot, left, before they are hauled away as officers look on, right
'The Cossacks decided they were big enough and strong enough,' he said. 'The Bandidos told them to take it off but they didn't back down.'
The Bandidos, who formed in Texas in 1966, have long dominated the territory over the Cossacks, who formed there three years after their rivals. There are now around 200 Cossacks in the area and 150 Bandidos, but the Bandidos have many more support biker groups than their rivals, he said.
Despite the long-standing tension, Winterhalder said he did not believe either gang had planned Sunday's clash.
'It got out of control in the moment,' he said. 'I don't know if we'll ever know who's to blame.'
A memo sent to police by a former informant who infiltrated biker clubs had also suggested the bloody battle was over territory.
'The Bandidos are the biggest motorcycle gang in Texas, and they don't allow other motorcycle gangs to enter that state,' the informant, known as 'Charles Falco', told CNN. 'They will allow other motorcycles clubs to exist, but they're not allowed to wear that state bottom rocker. If they do, they face the onslaught of the Bandidos.
'The Cossacks decided that they were big enough now to go ahead and wear the Texas bottom rocker, and basically tell the Bandidos that they're ready for war.'
At a press conference on Tuesday, Police Sergeant Patrick Swanton said that authorities agree the fight was 'somewhat of a turf war'.
Rivals: There has been tension between the Bandidos Motorcycle Club and the Cossacks Motorcycle Club since the Cossacks (pictured right on Sunday) put 'Texas' on their vests on a territory-claiming part of their jackets called the 'bottom rocker', experts said
Helping hand: Law enforcement officers use dogs to search parked cars located in part of the Central Texas Marketplace
Probe: A SWAT officer walks through the parking lot as the massive investigation continues two days after the violent brawl
Update: Sgt. Patrick Swanton (left) of the Waco Police Department said on Tuesday that violence erupted during a 'turf war'
One group of biker members had planned to meet at the restaurant and several gangs were invited, he said. But an additional biker gang that was not invited also showed up, he said.
He added that there was also a disturbance in the parking lot as members arrived, and they are investigating whether someone's foot was run over by a car. Authorities previously said several witnesses told them that the brawl was sparked by an argument over a restaurant parking space, the Dallas Morning News reported.
But there were also crime scenes inside the restaurant, including in the bar area and the restroom.
The fight left nine gang members dead, 18 seriously injured and 170 arrested.
On Monday, each suspect was charged with engaging in organized crime in connection to a capital murder case, and a judge ordered most to be held on a $1 million bond.
Sheriff Parnell McNamara said each of the suspects is being booked at McLennan County Jail, but that some might be moved to other facilities due to the sheer amount of arrests. He added that jail staff were trying to keep the rival groups apart to avoid further violence.
The brawl left a scene of carnage along the quiet strip on Sunday afternoon.
Mugshots for the 170 biker gang members arrested in Waco, Texas on Sunday in connection to a deadly shootout that killed nine were released Monday. From left to right: Tom Mendez, 40; Salvador Campos, 27; Eleazar, Martinez, 41
Other members of the biker gangs included, from left to right: Richard Cantu, 30; David Cepeda, 43; Brian Brincks, 23
James Devoll, 33, James David, 43, and Bohar Crump, 46, were also arrested; all gang members are being held on $1 million bond
From left to right: Mario Gonzalez, 36; Juan Garcia, 45; Matthew Folse, 31
A physical fight is believed to have broken out in the restroom of the Twin Peaks Bar and Grill around 12.15pm before spilling out into the bar and rapidly escalating into an all-out fight involving chains, clubs, knives and gunfire.
In the parking lot, a SWAT team shot dead at least one biker and surrounded the rest. When the shooting ended, bodies were scattered across the tarmac and cars were riddled with bullet holes. On Monday, officials said that some of the nine killed may have been shot by responding police officers.
The dead were members of the Bandidos or Cossacks gangs. Based on their leathers, it appears the Scimitars, Los Pirados , the Veterans, and the Leathernecks were also involved in the clash.
'In 34 years of law enforcement, this is the worst crime scene, the most violent crime scene that I have been involved in,' Waco police Sgt W Patrick Swanton said at a Sunday press conference. 'There were dead everywhere, blood everywhere.'
He also turned on the restaurant, Twin Peaks, for failing to let officers in to monitor the situation.
'If you have a police department asking for your assistance as a business, you ought to pay attention to that,' he said on Monday. 'If you don't bad things can happen, as evidenced here today.'
On Monday it emerged that Twin Peaks company has revoked the franchise agreement for the Waco restaurant.
'We will not tolerate the actions of this relatively new franchisee and are revoking their franchise immediately,' the company said.
From left to right: Michael Herring, 36; Jim Harris, 27; James Gray, 61
From left to right: Sandra Lynch, 53; Jonathan Lopez, 27; Tommy Jennings, 56
From left to right: Diego Obledo, 40; Marshall Mitchell, 61; Michael Lynch, 61
From left to right: Jerry Pollard, 27; Larry Pina, 50; Dusty Oehlert, 32
From left to right: Rolando Reyes, 40; Clayton Reed, 29; Jimmy Pond, 43
From left to right: Kyle Smith, 48; Richard Luther, 58; Sergio Reyes, 44
From left to right: Ray Allen, 45; Blake Taylor, 24; Jimmy Spencer, 23
The company, which has 13 restaurants in Texas, blamed the restaurant's managers who 'chose to ignore the warnings and advice from both the police and our company, and did not uphold the high security standards we have in place to ensure everyone is safe at our restaurants'.
Swanton added that the restaurant would not be able to serve alcohol for the next week but added he hoped the restaurant would choose to close its doors during that time as a sign of respect to the community.
Swanton said that 18 uniformed SWAT officers and four state agents were stationed outside the restaurant in marked vehicles just before the shooting broke out, a change from the originally reported 10 officers.
More than 100 weapons - including knives, brass knuckles and clubs - were recovered from the scene, police said.
The Bandidos Motorcycle Club has around 900 members in 93 chapters across the U.S., making the club one of the two largest outlaw motorcycle groups in America, according to the FBI. The other is the Hell's Angels.
The club, which the FBI has been labeled a 'growing criminal threat', was also named in a federal report as one of the country's four most dangerous outlaw gangs, alongside the Pagans, Hell's Angels, and Outlaws.
The group was formed in 1966 by Vietnam war veteran Donald Chambers in San Leon, Texas.
Scene: Bikers lay dead by their motorcycles in the parking lot of Twin Peaks Bar and Grill in Waco, Texas, just after midday on Sunday following the deadly gun battle. Authorities have said an argument had also erupted over a space in the parking lot
A biker sits next to what appears to be a covered body after several people were killed during the shoot-out
More than 100 weapons have been confiscated, and three armed individuals that arrived later have been arrested
It has since grown to build factions across the world, as far as Germany, Norway and Australia. Its Norwegian branch was one half of the Great Nordic Biker War between 1994 and 1997, warring with Hell's Angels. At its climax, a missile was fired at a prison holding a Bandidos member.
In the U.S., members have been convicted of smuggling drugs across the Mexican border - an area they are said to specialize in. According to the FBI, Bandidos are major players in the marijuana, cocaine and methamphetamine markets.
'The Bandidos see the Hell's Angels as too nice,' journalist Julian Sher, who has written two books about biker gangs, told NBC News. 'They relish their brutal pedigree. Among the bad guys, they are the baddest of the bad.'
The Cossacks Motorcyle Club, which is based 200 miles away in Callahan County, was formed in 1969, with the motto 'we take care of our own'. In 2013, Bandidos head Jack Lewis was charged with stabbing two Cossacks outside a restaurant in Abilene, near Callahan County.
They are aligned with another, smaller group, the Scimitars, who were also at the gun battle on Sunday. Photos on Facebook pages belonging to members of the Cossacks in Texas show the two clubs pictured together.
The Republican presidential field is shifting, with one (reasonably) expected frontrunner, former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee, and one (unreasonably hyped) frontrunner, reality TV star Donald Trump, both dropping out of the prospective race to bash their heads against President Barack Obama in 2012.
Meanwhile, Newt Gingrich—coming in at number three in a recent Gallup poll, though largely on name recognition—has managed to start and flameout spectacularly in one week. Said flameout doesn't mean that the former chief of the Republicans' grand 1994 moment of triumph won't have juice when the votes actually get cast—though we still must presume he can fund a realistic campaign machine between now and then.
The fundraising record of what The Wall Street Journal calls “Newt Inc.”—a set of political advocacy and consulting organizations Gingrich runs—“has amassed more than 1.7 million voter and donor contacts and raised $32 million between 2009 and 2010." As the Journal notes, that makes a Gingrich machine "seem quite possible.” At least it did a week ago. Huffington Post is now reporting that significant GOP players and financiers are abandoning Newt like he's an ill first wife.
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney, despite his vulnerability on the GOP-important issue of bashing ObamaCare, is fundraising and polling like he's the frontrunner, in the grand GOP tradition of “it seems to be his turn.” Frontrunners from the last election Hillary Clinton and Rudy Giuliani should be consulted on whether long-term moving plans are prudent based on media-anointed frontrunner status this many months before voting starts.
And while media-driven candidates such as Jon Huntsman (former ambassador to China and governor of Utah) are still bubbling up (and I'm not sure why even those poor bored bastards in the election horserace press who have to gin up something new to be excited about daily care about this fanless unknown), Republicans are said to be dreaming of someone, anyone else.
Yet an objectively real, experienced, close-second-tier candidate like Texas Republican Rep. Ron Paul (campaigning in Nevada this week) is getting less attention from the media and party bigwigs than almost any of the above. And this is despite strong showings in various polls (including being the closest of any of the GOP field to beating Obama), and name recognition above 50 percent this early, even while lots of the media still flat-out pretends that he doesn't exist. That disrespect for candidate Paul is hard to explain given that he has the most consistent set of beliefs and policies that actually could turn America in the direction ostensibly desired by Republican Party voters: smaller government, less spending, less taxes.
Even writers who seem to be crying out for a candidate who is Ron Paul in nearly every important belief manage to not endorse the actual Ron Paul. While Romney pretends you can right America's debt problems without hitting the military, Paul understands why that is ridiculous. While both Romney and Gingrich are vulnerable on ObamaCare, Paul says, “As President, not only would I issue waivers from 'Obamacare' for all states, but I would issue mandate waivers for all individuals by instructing the IRS not to assess the penalties for non-compliance with the mandate law.”
Still, Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels is treated as the serious small-government candidate. Daniels may like libertarian books, but he isn't too solid on libertarian principles about the proper limits of government power on issues such as the drug war. And the Cato Institute, in its grading of the governors' tax and spend policies, has never given Daniels better than a B, and once gave him a D.
What candidate Daniels does have for the politicos to swoon over is that he is an experienced policy designer, and undoubtedly has more sophisticated-seeming and detailed answers to policy problems than any of the other candidates. Ron Paul, in contrast, is no wonk, no crafter of elaborate policy solutions. He's more likely to undercut the assumptions underlying the idea that there should even be a government policy to address any perceived problem. While critiquing Rep. Paul Ryan's (R-Wisc.) popular budget plan for not going far enough, Paul told me last month he doesn't anticipate issuing his own detailed budget plan. He wants to stress the big picture of what government should or should not be doing. Paul thinks that only a radical readjustment of government's mission back to its original constitutional limits can halt the damaging cycle of debt and currency inflation.
Paul has perception problems, to be sure, even beyond the received wisdom that of course he can't win the nomination. Certain loudmouth traditionalist right-wing voices can't stand his bold defense of drug freedom as analogous to religious freedom; certain loudmouth traditionalist voices on the progressive left can't stand how much more progressive this libertarian constitutionalist can sound than they ever do. Paul loudly supports such hippie (or crunchy conservative—remember them?) causes as raw milk legalization, and while remaining the most radical voice for budget cuts he will still tell MSNBC that going after aid to the poor shouldn't be the budget cutter's highest priority.
Does this mean Paul is a hopeless cause? A candidate widely reviled as insanely extreme in the cause of shrinking government has risen to lead the Republican Party before—remember Barry Goldwater? Goldwater's progress from 1960 to 1964, when he won the nomination, lost the election, and still defined the shape of his party for decades down the line, should deliver both hope and despair to Ron Paul's fan.
Reading about Goldwater's status and fans during that era brings to mind Paul's situation far more than it does that of any other candidate today. Life magazine wrote in 1963 of “Goldwater zealots” who “lauded their man as Meccans must have lauded Mohammed,” emulating many comments I've heard about the near-religious dedication of Paul's fans. And the position of the Goldwater movement before he won the nomination in the minds of the “serious” was no stronger than Ron Paul's is now. As political scientist Matthew Dallek rightly summed up in a review of Mary C. Brennan's 1995 book Turning Right in the Sixties: The Conservative Capture of the GOP:
In the late 1950s and early 1960s conservatives were widely dismissed as "kooks" and "crackpots" with no hope of winning political power. Journalists were equally contemptuous. In 1962 a writer in the The Nation suggested that conservatives were more interested in thinking up "frivolous and simple-minded" slogans than in developing intelligent proposals to meet the complexities of post-Second World War America. The Washington Post described members of one conservative group as people who liked to "complain about the twentieth century."... Expressing the sense of rebellion that Goldwater's book helped inspire, one student conservative explained the phenomenon: "You walk around with your Goldwater button, and you feel that thrill of treason."
One might as well be reading about Ron Paul. In the introduction to his #1 bestseller The Revolution, Paul wrote, “Truth is treason in the empire of lies.” That sense of fighting the power absolutely energizes many of Paul's young fans. As with Paul, Goldwater's most noticeable and fanatical supporters represented a fresh wave of youthful energy in the party. And that youthful energy is something unique to Paul among Republicans today.
The similarities between them by no means guarantees a Paul victory, however. Goldwater had many advantages Paul does not. Goldwater's bellicose anticommunism matched that of his natural mass constituency far better than does Paul's nuanced, sympathetic understanding of the grievances of people in the Middle East. Goldwater also had the advantage of being the first national candidate to win the love of a burgeoning elite with money, the southern and Sunbelt interests that were then matching and later supplanting the old Eastern Establishment as guardians of American wealth and clout. Paul is so far a purely populist phenomenon, loved and supported by many, many Americans but representing no particular class or power elite interest. Paul's resolute grounding in his longstanding beliefs, refusing to back down on even his most controversial stances on things like drugs and the jingoistic projecting of U.S. power, will continue to win him loyal fans. But it's unlikely to win him a powerful cabal with concentrated money and influence that's willing to try to make him president.
Paul is less of a party man than Goldwater was. Despite feeling aggrieved, Goldwater campaigned heartily for Nixon in 1960. It's hard to imagine Paul being anything but contemptuous of any other possible Republican candidate but Gary Johnson. Goldwater folk had footholds and recognition in the GOP establishment, including both politics and the media, something that Paul and his folk lack today. If the modern Republican powers-that-be have any historical sense about Paul at all, they clearly see him as more of a return of the John Birch Society than a return of Barry Goldwater. But Americans in 2011 seem far more willing, according to our recent Reason/Rupe poll, to cheer rather than jeer Paul's lack of party discipline.
Clearly many Republicans fear that presidential candidate Ron Paul would be less Goldwater in ‘64 than McGovern in ‘72—a candidate whose radicalism might appeal to a dominant segment of his own party, but which would also disastrously mar his party's reputation among the nation at large and cause him to lose roundly to an incumbent president.
But if the voters and thought leaders of the Republican Party can't at least honestly debate Paul's uncompromising ideas about how to turn around a ship of state that is battered, top-heavy, taking on water, and sinking fast, well, the party might still be able to fake relevance for one more pathetic election cycle. But it will have abandoned any pretence of relevance when it comes to actually solving our impossible-to-ignore problems of fiscal, monetary, and foreign policy overreach in a manner consistent with the party's own alleged principles.
Senior Editor Brian Doherty is author of This is Burning Man (BenBella), Radicals for Capitalism (PublicAffairs) and Gun Control on Trial (Cato Institute).
Alkoomi – an Aboriginal word meaning ‘a place we chose',
is one of Australia's most remote wineries, tucked away in the cool, yet sunny wine region of Frankland River, 360km south
of Perth in the vast Great Southern of Western Australia.
One of WA's largest family owned and operated wine producers, Alkoomi is
run by the third and fourth generation; owners Sandy and Rod Hallett, with their daughters, together they passionately follow in the footsteps of Alkoomi founders Merv and Judy Lange, who pioneered the Frankland wine region, establishing a reputation for making varietally expressive wines with exceptional depth of flavour. Established in 1971, Alkoomi started out as a single hectare of Cabernet Sauvignon, today they are now 105 hectares with their philosophy of favouring quality over quantity, while managing their land in an environmentally
sustainable manner.
Available in the following states: VIC, NSW, QLD
White Label
Riesling 2018
Sauvignon Blanc 2017
Semillion Sauvignon Blanc 2017
Chardonnay 2017
Late Harvest 2017
Rose 2018
Shiraz 2016
Cabernet Sauvignon 2016
Black Label
Riesling 2017
Sauvignon Blanc 2016
Chardonnay 2017
Shiraz Viognier 2014
Cabernet Sauvignon 2016
Cabernet Sauvignon 2017
Icons
Wandoo Semillon 2013
Wandoo Semillon 2014
Jarrah Shiraz 2011
Blackbutt 2010 Red Blend
This article originally appeared at Right Wing Watch, the blog of People For the American Way.
This week Dinesh D'Souza's America: Imagine the World Without Her is sitting at the top of the New York Times nonfiction bestseller list. Earlier this month, the movie version crossed the $14 million mark, which moved it into six place overall for earnings by a political “documentary.”
But D'Souza is not just out to make money, of course. At a June screening of America, right-wing strategist Ralph Reed called D'Souza “a national treasure for our cause.” D'Souza's last movie, 2016: Obama's America, was designed to keep Barack Obama from being re-elected. America is his attempt to prevent Hillary Clinton from being elected in 2016, wrapped in an attack on the progressive movement.
At a time when corporate power and profits are at record highs, America the movie argues that America the country is being led down the road to national “suicide” and socialist tyranny in a plan that was conceived by organizer Saul Alinsky and is being carried out by Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton. Central to this ostensible long-term leftist scheme to bring about American decline, D'Souza claims, is an effort to convince Americans to be ashamed of the country's history so that they will support a reduced role for America in the world.
In the movie, D'Souza sets out to refute what he calls progressive “indictments against America": that "[w]e stole the country from the Native Americans, we stole the labor of the African Americans, we took half of Mexico in the Mexican War." He further claims that progressives believe that "[t]oday our foreign policy and free-market system are forms of theft.” D'Souza says this “new story of American shame” is “not just an attack on the one percent. It's an attack on all of us. We are a nation of immigrants and settlers and we are the ones accused of these crimes.”
D'Souza interviews some leftists and liberals as foils, including Noam Chomsky, Ward Churchill, and Michael Eric Dyson, then turns to Alexis de Tocqueville, writing more than 150 years ago, as a “more reliable” source. De Tocqueville understood, D'Souza says, that slavery and the treatment of Native Americans were nothing unique to America, but reflected a universal “conquest ethic.” Throughout history, he says, wealth was built by conquest and theft. But America, he contends, is uniquely based on a different idea—the idea of acquiring wealth not by taking it from someone else, but through innovation, entrepreneurship and trade.
In the process of taking on these so-called progressive “indictments” of American history, D'Souza essentially tells Native Americans, African Americans, and Mexican Americans that in, the big picture, they really have nothing to complain about, and could be successful if they were just willing to work rather than spending all their time complaining.
D'Souza is proud of himself for being willing to take on racial taboos, which he calls “the enemies of history and truth.” His point seems to be that African Americans were not uniquely abused by slavery and so they should stop thinking the country owes them something. Yes, he says, enslavement was theft of life and labor. But Irish people were also sold into indentured servitude. And some free blacks also owned slaves. Slave-owning founders should not be viewed as hypocrites but as pragmatists who had to accept slavery as the price of creating the U.S. And besides, slavery is part of the “universal conquest ethic” but “what's uniquely American is the fighting of a great war to end it.”
The movie ignores Jim Crow, but tells the story of Madam C.J. Walker, an African-American woman born just after the Civil War who became wealthy by building a successful business in the early Twentieth Century. In the movie, an actress playing Walker lectures workers about freedom and opportunity and hard work. Of course, the movie does not mention her support for the NAACP or her active involvement in its anti-lynching campaigns. D'Souza claims she is left out of history because her success “confounds the shaming narrative.”
D'Souza also interviews Star Parker, an African American and familiar figure at right-wing conferences, whose I-used-to-be-lazy-and-on-welfare shtick is employed to suggest that success eludes only those who are unwilling to work hard. In remarks made after the screening, D'Souza said nonwhite immigrants are doing better than African Americans because the latter have adopted a strategy of “agitate, agitate, agitate” rather than “work, work, work.”
In the movie, D'Souza portrays American foreign policy and global capitalism as fundamentally noble. So why, he asks, are progressives out to destroy America and its place in the world?
The answer, according to D'Souza, is Saul Alinsky, who is portrayed in America as a ruthless mastermind of a plot to bring socialism to America, with Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton as his equally ruthless acolytes. Hillary Clinton turned down a job offer from Alinsky after she graduated from college because, D'Souza implies, she had more nefarious plans. “While Alinsky wanted the radicals to pressure the government, Hillary wanted the radicals to become the government,” D'Souza says. Why shame people from the outside when you can intimidate them from the inside?
“Hillary figured it out,” says D'Souza, “Obama is now carrying it out.”
D'Souza wraps up the movie with a disjointed section on the surveillance state, in which he says the government is gathering information on all Americans so that it can target political opponents, the way he claims the Obama administration has targeted conservatives through the IRS and other agencies. Not very convincingly, he portrays his recent prosecution for violating campaign finance laws—he has pleaded to a felony and faces sentencing in September—as a feature of this ideological warfare.
All of which is a long way of saying the movie is a jumbled, self-indulgent, right-wing mess, aside from the slanted take on American history. Critics have not been kind to America, which has a 9 percent rating from movie review aggregation site Rotten Tomatoes. Rolling Stone's Peter Travers put the movie in the website's Scum Bucket category, calling D'Souza a “lunatic.”
But plenty of good books have been made into mediocre movies, right? At the screening, D'Souza described America, the book, as the “intellectual spine” of the movie, and said it had been hard to fully communicate all of the book's ideas in order to make the movie entertaining.
So, is the book any better? Sadly, no. If anything, D'Souza's polemics are even more ridiculous and incendiary when he has the space to spell them out. For example, he writes: “Today's progressivism is less indebted to Marx than it is to Lenin.”
D'Souza's take on race and civil rights is particularly noteworthy given events in Missouri that have focused national attention on the unequal treatment of people of color by police and the justice system.
D'Souza says the civil rights movement was hardly revolutionary because, he claims, racism was already on the decline after World War II. Government-enforced segregation was bad, he acknowledges, because it represented “a triumph of government regulation over the free market.” But private discrimination is not theft and should not have been banned, he says, writing, “Private employers should no more be forced to hire employees than employees should be forced to work for employers against their will.”
“Somewhat weirdly, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 did not merely outlaw discrimination by the government; it also outlawed most forms of private discrimination," he continues. "While I consider these restrictions on the private sphere to be unwise and unnecessary, they are also understandable.”
D'Souza says the election of Barack Obama, the existence of affirmative action programs, and changing attitudes toward racial intermarriage are all evidence of the continuing decline in racism in America.
“Blacks know it too," he writes. "[A]sk blacks today to recall when they personally experienced racism—when for example someone called them ‘nigger'—and many are hard pressed to give a single example.”
So there's no reason for whining about racism, or God forbid, reparations. “Racism today is not strong enough to prevent blacks or any other group from achieving its aspirations,” he says, adding a couple pages later:
“Progressives are still chasing the windmills of old-style racism, whipping the nation into a frenzy every time there is some obscure incident. The reason blacks remain so far behind whites, however, has very little to do with racism. It has to do with African American cultural backwardness.”
Here are some other highlights from the book, America: Imagine Life Without Her, by Dinesh D'Souza:
· Obama: “Obama is simply part of a fifty-year scheme for the undoing and remaking of America,” he writes. So how did Obama get elected? “There is a one-word answer: slavery.”
· Clinton: “If Hillary Clinton is elected in 2016, the baton will have passed from one Alinskyite to another. In this case, Alinsky's influence will have taken on a massive, almost unimaginable, importance. Obama will have had eight years to remake America, and Hillary will have another four or perhaps eight to complete the job. Together these two have the opportunity to largely undo the nation's founding ideals.”
· Native Americans: “The Indians were here first, but they were only sparsely and sporadically occupying the land. Consequently, many settlers regarded America as largely unoccupied, although the Indians surely disagreed with that perspective. Too bad the two groups could not amicably work out a way to share and benefit from this vast country.” Too bad? “They couldn't, I believe, because both groups continued to espouse at least elements of the conquest ethic. Neither wished to be taken from, but both were willing to take when they had the power and the inclination to do so.” D'Souza has little sympathy for those “forlorn” Indians who “seem to prefer the joy of victimhood—and the exertions of claiming reparations of one sort or another to the joy of entrepreneurial striving”—unlike those who are making money with casinos.
· Immigration: “Immigration—legal and illegal—is the mechanism that today's progressive organizers are counting on to undo the consequences of the Mexican War, and make the dream of Aztlán a reality.”
D'Souza asserts that “in no circumstance over the past hundred years” has America “stolen the wealth of any other country.” It's not foreigners, but Americans, who are victimized by the federal government, “the biggest thief of all,” he writes. “In fact, progressives have turned a large body of Americans—basically, Democratic voters—into accessories of theft by convincing them that they are doing something just and moral by picking their fellow citizens' pockets.”
With this line of reasoning, D'Souza aligns himself with the proponents of so-called biblical economics, who argue that the government has no right to tax someone in order to alleviate someone else's poverty. “It does not promote the common good for the state to insist that successful people pay other people's medical bills,” he says, describing Obamacare and progressive taxation as forms of theft. Transfer payments, unlike roads, do not constitute “general welfare.” Rather, “It constitutes a forcible extortion from one group and an unearned benefit to another.” The federal government is therefore not an instrument of justice but “an instrument of plunder.”
As in the movie, D'Souza takes time in the book to complain about his own prosecution (even though he admits having broken the law) and to suggest that the current surveillance state is part of the progressive movement's strategy to impose totalitarianism: “Surveillance is simply the means to ensure that no one is safe.” He writes, “If progressives enforce their agenda through total control and compliance, America will truly be an evil empire, and it will be the right and duty of American citizens to organize once again, as in 1776, to overthrow it.” (Of course, aggressive surveillance began well before the Obama presidency, and progressives have been among those opposing government overreach.)
D'Souza denounces what he says is the progressive plan to diminish America's influence globally, and closes the book with a warning about what the world might look like when its dominant force is not America but China, whose growing economic power is translating into greater military force and geopolitical influence. Similar concerns may be shared across the political spectrum, but having celebrated China's adoption of market economics and economic growth, and having defended the export of American manufacturing jobs to cheap-labor China—trends that cannot be blamed on the Obama presidency—D'Souza does not make it clear what he would have American leaders do to forestall China's rising influence. If he has a solution, he's keeping it to himself.
The same can be said for the plight of unemployed and underemployed American workers. He fails to take into account that it doesn't matter that you're willing to work hard if there are no jobs to be had. And while D'Souza describes inequality as an essential element of the free market economy, he does not address the fact that in recent decades American workers have received almost none of the benefits of increasing productivity. His lectures to African Americans in which he claims is their unwillingness to work hard is the only obstacle to their success ignore both evidence of continuing impacts of structural racism—reflected for example in exploitive mortgage underwriting—and the brutal consequences of the recent economic downturn on the already huge disparities of wealth between white and African American (and Latino) households.
The facile ideology of America: Imagine the World Without Her—both book and movie—should be no surprise. D'Souza's entire career, beginning with his work at the right-wing Dartmouth Review and continuing through stints at the Heritage Foundation and American Enterprise Institute, has been nurtured by far-right funders. His claim to being a “scholar” is grounded in his authorship of a series of polemical books, including The Roots of Obama's Rage, an exercise in ideological excess that even some conservative commentators found embarrassing. He champions traditional values, but in 2012 he resigned as president of the Christian King's College after news that he had traveled with, and become engaged to, a woman who was separated from but still married to her husband. Like his old friend Ann Coulter, D'Souza has learned that there is seemingly no end to the money to be made, and fame to be enjoyed, by repackaging and peddling ideological diatribes to the country's right-wing activists.
Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) has yet to say whether he'll support President Barack Obama's nuclear deal with Iran, angering liberal groups.
Reid told Nevada political reporters last week that he is still studying the agreement, and hinted that he wants to consult with prominent Jewish backers before he makes the decision – although he never said so outright.
“I have some papers I need study,” Reid said. “I finished reading the document, a hundred and some-odd pages. But the one thing I need to do – I have people I need to meet with. I need to meet with people who have been very good to me over the years."
“You could probably figure out who some of them are. And I haven't done that,” he added.
According to a report on Washington-based website The Hill, Reid wants time to consult with “heavy hitters in Nevada.” It names two such "heavy hitters," both of whom are Jews: Brian Greenspun, the publisher and CEO of the Las Vegas Sun, and Sheldon Adelson, a major Republican donor who has a good relationship with Reid.
“I'm not sure that Harry's not doing this for maximum leverage for whatever. That seems to be the classic Harry Reid play. I talked to only a couple of people who think there's any chance he'll go against the deal,” Nevada political commentator Jon Ralston told The Hill Monday.
“It's clear to me that he wants to go and talk to people like Brian Greenspun and Sheldon Adelson and whatever other prominent Jewish leaders there are in Nevada to explain why he's going to do what he's going to do,” he added. “My guess is Sheldon Adelson thinks he can turn him on the deal. They have a much closer relationship than people think.”
Reid's dilemma
Dan Hart, a Nevada-based Democratic consultant, told The Hill Reid is in a tough position of having to choose between Obama and longtime supporters who are staunchly pro-Israel.
“I think there is a natural affinity between people who are concerned about Israel and Harry Reid and throughout his career he has proven that. But on the other hand he is a president whom he has supported in very tough times asking him to get this thing passed,” Hart said.
Adelson is a billionaire casino chain owner who is a close ally of Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and exceedingly hawkish on Iran. Adelson has said that if he were president, he would launch a nuclear missile at the Iranian desert and then warn Iran that unless it gives up its nuclear weapons program, the next missile will hit Tehran.
Following this, Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei called to "crush Adelson's mouth."
Brian Greenspun is a Democrat and longtime ally of Sen. Reid's. In an op-ed written right after the signing of the deal with Iran, he listed the conditions under which the deal should be opposed. They included these two:
“If Iran has immediate access to hundreds of billions of dollars with which it can foment more insurgencies, more destruction and more turmoil throughout its sphere of influence.”
“If Saudi Arabia and other Arab countries threatened by Iran's hegemonic aspirations believe they have 10 years or less to acquire their own atomic weapons to counter an overtly ambitious Iranian mullocracy, thereby embarking on their own nuclear arms race.”
'It's mystifying'
Greenspun is the son of Hank Greenspun, founder of The Las Vegas Sun, who was a prominent figure in supporting the struggle to establish the State of Israel. In 1947, Hank Greenspun shipped machine guns and airplane parts to the Haganah in violation of the U.S. Neutrality Acts, a crime for which Greenspun was arrested and ultimately convicted, together with Charles Winters and Al Schwimmer. He was fined $10,000 but received no prison time. All three were eventually pardoned.
Eighteen Senate Democrats remain undecided on the deal, which is opposed by New York Sen. Charles Schumer, the man whom Reid picked to succeed him in the next Congress.
“It's mystifying why Leader Reid hasn't come out in support of the Iran Deal, when rejecting it would set us on a path to war,” claimed Charles Chamberlain, executive director of Democracy for America, according to The Hill.
“As the Democrats' leader in the Senate, Reid should be leading the effort to ensure his colleagues aren't tricked into allowing yet another disastrous war of choice in the Middle East by many of the very same war-mongering neo-conservatives who pushed us into Iraq,” he added.
Reid plans to wait until Congress returns from the August recess on September 8 before announcing his decision.
Obama will be at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, next week, to deliver the keynote address at the National Clean Energy Summit, which Reid has co-sponsored and is one of his top priorities. Obama recently helped ingratiate himself with Reid by declaring 700,000 acres of Nevada wilderness a national monument.
Congress has until September 17 to vote on the deal, which places temporary limits on Tehran's nuclear program in exchange for the lifting of sanctions. A formal resolution of disapproval is expected to come up for a vote as well.
Since Obama is expected to veto any legislation that kills the deal, two-thirds of lawmakers are needed to block the agreement. Assuming all Senate Republicans oppose the deal, 13 Democrats will also be required to override the veto. The only Democrat to announce his opposition thus far has been Schumer.
The Hill lists Reid among seven Democrat senators "leaning" toward supporting the Iran deal. Another 21 out of the total of 44 Democratic senators now publicly support the deal, while 17 are "unclear/undecided" and would probably be influenced by Reid's position.
by Dianna Muldrow:
The criminal justice system is tasked with the critical job of preventing and punishing crime and to further complicate matters the system is expected to do so while fulfilling the more nebulous notion of justice.
But how is justice to be reached if the perpetrator is also a victim? When a teenager is arrested for prostitution, it is becoming clearer and clearer that they are often not the actual instigator in the crime, or even a willing participant. Nevertheless, states across the country are criminalizing these children.
For example, Texas so fiercely protects its youth from coercion by adults that it asserts that juveniles aren't capable of consenting to sex. But, why then does Texas still actively search out and punish child prostitutes? These “criminals” are generally girls around fifteen year-old who have fled from abusive homes and are now ‘sheltered' by a pimp.
Texas Penal Code §43.02 criminalizes prostitution without reference to age, but provides that if the perpetrator was also the victim of conduct included under §20A.02 then they have an affirmative defense to prosecution. This second statute prohibits the trafficking and forced labor of children, ostensibly providing an out to children who are being coerced into the behavior.
However, this doesn't keep cases against child prostitutes out of the courts. Force is difficult to prove because the child is usually completely dependent upon the pimp and subtle implications of dire consequences are enough to compel action without actual physical force or threats of it. In addition the child often will not assist in the prosecution of someone that they might believe is their protector and who has taught them to be deeply distrustful of the authorities.
The state of Texas believes so strongly in a child's susceptibility that any sexual contact that an adult has with a child is a statutory offense. This means that it doesn't matter if the adult knew the age of the child or if the child consented. The adult is the responsible one. We are willing to enforce enormous penalties on unknowing individuals because we want to completely protect children from coercion. But for some reason, when the act becomes profitable we no longer believe that adults might be forcing it?
Numerous studies have looked into what forces child participation in prostitution. Abused young girls are most at risk and runaways are particularly vulnerable. By offering assistance and affection to children that are alone and afraid the trafficker gains their trust. Then through many varying types of abuse and social isolation the child is pressured into their life as a “criminal.”
These methods are often much more subtle than what is provided for in the statute.
These girls believe themselves to be alone in the world, save for their pimp or trafficker who is usually stronger and more aggressive. This is a powerful coercive factor. Sadly, with a lack of physical abuse or clear threats of physical abuse it is much more difficult to prove coercion in court, resulting in the child being criminalized for their own victimization. Another complicating factor is that, from residual fear, or perhaps out of twisted loyalty to their captor, victims often refuse to participate in prosecution, leading to their own imprisonment.
Besides being a subversion of justice, this practice clearly affects Texas in other important ways. There are, of course, prosecution and housing costs for the criminal justice system, but it is also key to note that eventually these juveniles will age and become adults in the system. The longer that these individuals spend in this dangerous life, the more difficult it is for them to be extricated, leading to a cycle of arrests and imprisonments. In addition, the increased likelihood that these children have or will develop drug addictions in this lifestyle means a higher likelihood of state involvement and other convictions down the road.
Obviously these children don't belong in the criminal justice system at all. Their consent in these situations is illusory. They are the victims. But merely releasing them back to their life of sexual exploitation turns a blind eye to their real situation. A concerted effort is needed to identify these children and the manipulative adults that truly have committed crimes, and then direct the youths to the proper services that can break the cycle of exploitation and arrests.
The Center for Court Innovation, a public-private initiative to find more effective means of addressing low-level offenses, has highlighted two programs that identify and provide options for women and girls in these situations who have been arrested on charges of drug use or prostitution.
Services to Access Resources and Safety (STARS) is an alternative to jail for all ages that was implemented in New York. It focuses on education and therapy to enable the individual to make the changes in their life necessary for them to be released from their cycle of arrests.
Bronx Community Solutions is another alternative program that identifies these victims and links them to providers of housing, vocational training, and counseling. The provision of alternative housing is important as many of these juveniles have no home and rely on their trafficker or pimp to provide shelter.
Whatever program is used, it is clear that children shouldn't be jailed for decisions that the law acknowledges they aren't capable of making. There is a crime occurring when money is exchanged for sex with a child, but the child is not the criminal. Criminalizing victims is a government failure that leads to a cycle that absorbs law enforcement time and inflicts years of pain upon children.
Dianna Muldrow is a Research Associate at a non-profit in Austin and a third year law student at the University of Texas School of Law
The Pentagons New Spy Unit Called the Defense Clandestine Service, DCS
Pentagon establishes Defense Clandestine Service, new espionage unit
By Greg Miller
The Pentagon is planning to ramp up its spying operations against high-priority targets such as Iran under an intelligence reorganization aimed at expanding on the military's espionage efforts beyond war zones, a senior defense official said Monday.
The newly created Defense Clandestine Service would work closely with the CIA — pairing two organizations that have often seen each other as rivals — in an effort to bolster espionage operations overseas at a time when the missions of the agency and the military increasingly converge.
The plan, the official said, was developed in response to a classified study completed last year by the director of national intelligence that concluded that the military's espionage efforts needed to be more focused on major targets beyond the tactical considerations of Iraq and Afghanistan.
The new service will seek to “make sure officers are in the right locations to pursue those requirements,” said the official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity to describe the “realignment” of the military's classified human espionage efforts.
The official declined to provide details on where such shifts might occur, but the nation's most pressing intelligence priorities in recent years have included counter­terrorism, nonproliferation and ascendant powers such as China.
Creation of the new service also coincides with the appointment of a number of senior officials at the Pentagon who have extensive backgrounds in intelligence and firm opinions on where the military's spying programs — often seen as lackluster by CIA insiders — have gone wrong.
Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta, who signed off on the newly created service last week, served as CIA director at a time when the agency relied extensively on military hardware, including armed drones, in its fight against al-Qaeda.
Michael Vickers, the undersecretary of defense for intelligence and the main force behind the changes, is best known as one of the architects of the CIA's program to arm Islamist militants to oust the Soviets from Afghanistan in the 1980s. He is also a former member of U.S. Special Operations forces.
The realignment is expected to affect several hundred military operatives who already work in spying assignments abroad, mostly as case officers for the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), which serves as the Pentagon's main source of human intelligence and analysis.
The official said the new service is expected to grow “from several hundred to several more a hundred” operatives in the coming years. Despite the potentially provocative name for the new service, the official played down concerns that the Pentagon was seeking to usurp the role of the CIA or its National Clandestine Service.
This “does not involve new manpower . . . does not involve new authorities,” the official said. Instead, the official said, the DIA is shifting its emphasis “as we look to come out of war zones and anticipate the requirements over the next several years.”
Congressional officials said they were seeking more details about the plan.
“My question is, why? What's missing and what's going on?” said a senior Senate aide who had been given a preliminary briefing on the new service.
In some respects, the broad outlines of the plan are reminiscent of Pentagon efforts under Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld to move the military into areas of intelligence that had long been the domain of the CIA.
But a second congressional official, who also was not authorized to discuss the program publicly, said the coordination behind the new plan, in which the DIA's program will be more closely modeled on its CIA counterpart, has eased some of those long-standing concerns.
“If this were an attempt of the type we saw during the Rumsfeld years to consolidate human intelligence to have a better bulwark against what the CIA is doing, that would be a concern,” the second congressional official said. “But I don't think that's what's going on.”
The plan was unveiled about a week after a senior U.S. Army officer with extensive experience in Special Operations and counter­insurgency fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan was nominated to serve as the next chief of the DIA.
While serving in Afghanistan, Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn published a harsh critique of intelligence operations in that country, criticizing collectors as being too focused on tactical threats and failing to understand the broader demographic and political context of the battlefield.
About 15 percent of the DIA's case officers will be part of the Defense Clandestine Service, the defense official said. New, more clearly delineated career paths will give DIA case officers better opportunities to continue their espionage assignments abroad, he said.
The new service fits into a broader convergence trend. U.S. Special Operations forces are increasingly engaged in intelligence collection overseas and have collaborated with the CIA on missions including the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound in Pakistan and ongoing drone strikes in Yemen.
The blurring is also evident in the organizations' upper ranks. Panetta previously served as CIA director, and that post is currently held by retired four-star Army Gen. David H. Petraeus.
Via:washington post
[ad]
Sobriety, not austerity
The UN's Paris climate change conference in November doesn't hold out much promise. Since the 1992 Earth Summit in Rio, fossil fuel consumption has gone on growing. The Green Climate Fund launched by the UN in 2011 has attracted only €10bn to date. In 2013 subsidies for fuels responsible for greenhouse gases totalled €400bn worldwide — four times the amount allocated to renewable energy sources.
Any international agreement will fail to keep global warming within 2ºC if governments insist on protecting a production system based on accumulation, pillage and waste. We can't meet the challenge of climate change without popular involvement; but individual and local initiatives won't be effective without global political will. If we are to agree to consume less energy and become more frugal — changing well-established habits — we need the prospect of an improved quality of life. There can be no real energy transition without economic and social change, and without proper redistribution of income, globally and nationally. India, where 300 million people have no access to electricity, reports hundreds of thousands of deaths from air pollution each year.
In the West, sobriety stands in direct opposition to austerity, which looks like a trick for bringing about a still more inequitable distribution of wealth. Reducing carbon emissions will require massive investment in housing, public transport and renewable energy — as much as was spent on rescuing the banks in 2008. Improving energy efficiency and living conditions could create jobs, make life easier and generate substantial economies for every household.
Sobriety means a new definition of wellbeing: using less resources and more labour, fewer machines and more human intelligence; taxing fuel to discourage unnecessary air travel; making sea freight more expensive to curb the worst excesses of free trade and encourage the use of shorter shipping routes; deciding not to exploit certain mineral resources.
The industrialised countries, with only a quarter of the world's population, have run up a hefty environmental bill. Their cumulative emissions have already raised the global temperature by 0.8ºC, and will soon double that (1). Yet they refuse to set targets that take account of past emissions or do more than talk about cooperation, though that will be indispensable. It is time to give the countries of the South the funding and technologies they need to move to development based on energy sobriety. That means quality rather than quantity.
Not usually known for their aesthetic beauty, the Caribbean Reef Squid possesses unique anatomical characteristics, including impressive colors and patterns, that fulfill a range of survival functions. Check out our infographic below to get up close and personal with these beautiful creatures.
(Feel free to post the infographic image on your blog or elsewhere, but please link back to this post.)
CARIBBEAN REEF SQUID FACTS
Here are a few more interesting facts about Caribbean Reef Squid in addition to their aesthetic anatomical characteristics described above:
Every day they consume 30-60% of their overall body weight. They travel in schools of 4 to 30 and spread out at night to hunt individually. When hunting, they trick their prey by going vertical like underwater plant life. Juvenile reef fish, like the yellow jack, are sometimes found swimming alongside reef squid, possibly for protective purposes against larger pelagic fish. After offspring are born, the male and female parents die within a month. They have a jet propulsion system that enables them to quickly escape predators. Caribbean Reef Squid are not the same as cuttlefish. Cuttlefish can be recognized in comparison anatomically by their broader bodies and a fringe fin lining its whole body side.
CARIBBEAN REEF SQUID VIDEO
To see the beautiful Caribbean Reef Squid in action, take a look at the below video from Ocean Fontiers Dive Shop in the Cayman Islands. You'll see color changes, patterns, and its natural, elegant behavior.
Do you have stunning photos or footage of unique sea life? We might be willing trade you a premium sea life t-shirt from Shark Zen for it. Email us about what you have at info@sharkzen.com.
REFERENCES FOR CARIBBEAN REEF SQUID FACTS & FOOTAGE
Photography by Bob Cawood of the Florida Fishing Academy Youtube Video by Ocean Frontiers Dive Shop
90 small apartments planned for East Pike
Image by Skidmore Janette [enlarge] Units will range from about 225 to 335 square feet. Johnson Carr LLC is the developer and Skidmore Janette is the architect.
A Seattle design-review board will meet at 6:30 p.m. Wednesday to get its first look at plans for a 90-unit apartment building at 722 E. Pike St., at the northwest corner of Pike and Harvard Avenue on Capitol Hill.
The meeting will be at Seattle University's Admissions and Alumni Building.
Johnson Carr LLC is the developer and Skidmore Janette is the architect.
Plans filed with the city show a seven-story structure with 4,000 square feet of street-level commercial space. The efficiency units will range from about 225 to 335 square feet. No parking is proposed.
The design team notes that the building is intended to provide affordable housing in an urban neighborhood.
A two-story commercial building on the site would be demolished. It houses the 95-Slide sports bar and a Vietnamese restaurant called Pho Le's.
The retail would face Pike and residential access would be off Harvard. The site is across Harvard from a Seattle Central College building.
Johnson Carr's building would join a pair of other new projects on the block. One is Pike Motorworks, a 260-unit mixed-use complex being developed by Wolff Co. that would wrap around the north and west sides of this building. The new Cue Apartments, which houses Bill's Off Broadway restaurant, is at the north end of block, at 721 E. Pine St. Cue has 93 units and was developed by Denny Onslow's O&S Partners.
Johnson Carr is seeking a departure to demolish the 95-year commercial building on its site. The design team acknowledges in its notes that the building is old enough to be considered a character structure. But the team said the building is not worth preserving because it lacks historical and architectural significance, and doesn't contribute to street-level transparency.
Nevertheless, the developer is seeking to use the city's 3-year-old transfer of development potential program to gain an extra 10 feet of height for the structure. The program allows owners of character structures to sell development rights to eligible “receiving sites” in the Pike-Pike neighborhood.
The “sending site” would be Capitol Hill's Melrose Market, a triangular block of historic automotive buildings that was redeveloped in 2010.
The Johnson Carr team says its design will be more compatible with the building's next-door developments, both of which are preserving portions of character structures and gaining an additional 10 feet of height.
by Adam Armstrong
VMware Introduces Cross-Cloud Architecture
Today at VMworld 2016 in Las Vegas, VMware introduced its new architecture that extends its hybrid cloud strategy, VMware Cross-Cloud Architecture. Along with this, VMware is also announcing new private and public cloud offerings helping customers to run, manage, connect, and secure their applications across clouds and devices in a common operating environment. These new offerings include VMware's new unified software-defined data center (SDDC) platform, VMware Cloud Foundation, new DR offerings purpose built for vCloud Air Network partners, VMware vCloud Availability, and a new release of VMware vCloud Air Hybrid Cloud Manager.
VMware starts off with some fairly bold claims about its new Cross-Cloud Architecture. The company calls it the world's most complete and capable hybrid cloud architecture. They go on to say the Cross-Cloud Architecture enables consistent deployment models, security policies, visibility, and governance for all applications, running on premises and off, regardless of the underlying cloud, hardware platform or hypervisor. The new architecture is delivered through VMware Cloud Foundation and a new set of cross-cloud services that are currently being developed by VMware.
The bedrock of his new Cross-Cloud Architecture is the VMware Cloud Foundation. Cloud Foundation is a unified SDDC platform that integrates VMware compute, storage and network virtualization. VMware states that this integration will make it easier for its customers to benefit from its SDDC offerings. This marks the first time VMware's scalable hyper-converged software is combined with its network virtualization platform, VMware NSX. A key component of VMware Cloud Foundation is the VMware SDDC Manager. This manager helps customer use the entire VMware cloud software stack to build complete clouds, in what VMware claims, merely a few hours. SDDC Manager handles the tasks of installing, configuring, managing, and updating cloud infrastructure resulting in a 6-8 times in reduction while deploying cloud infrastructure and savings of 30-40% TCO. Cloud Foundation can run any traditional or cloud-native application regardless if they are in VMs or containers. And VMware Cloud Foundation integrates with existing VMware solutions.
VMware will also be offering Cloud Foundation as-a-service for hybrid cloud environments. The first VMware vCloud Air Network partner to take advantage of this as-a-service offering will be IBM, on its VMware on IBM Cloud offering in the third quarter. While this offering will be available on vCloud Air soon, VMware intends to have it available on additional public clouds in the future. Customers that would like to use Cloud Foundation on premises for private clouds can use VCE VxRack Systems or qualified VSAN Ready Nodes from Dell, HP, and QCT.
At VMworld there will be a tech preview of Cross-Cloud services, forthcoming SaaS offerings VMware is developing that they claim will enable visibility into cloud usage and costs, enhance consistent networking and security policies, and automate the deployment, management, and migration of applications and data across vSphere and non-vSphere private and public clouds. These new SaaS share a common operating environment for both public clouds and on-premises workloads, which, according to VMware, allows IT to protect data and applications and control costs while developers are free to innovate in the clouds they choose.
The new types of services that were previewed include:
Discovery and Analytics: enabling discovery, onboarding, and governance of public cloud applications
Compliance and Security: using micro-segmentation and monitoring to provide security and compliance for applications across clouds
Deployment and Migration: providing developers the ability to work cross-cloud, and IT the ability to manage cross-cloud applications with security and compliance​
VMware is also announcing innovations for VMware vCloud Air and the VMware vCloud Air Network service provider. VMware is offering new DR services for its vCloud Director with VMware vCloud Availability. Leveraging native vSphere replication capabilities, vCloud Availability's DR services will be simple and cost-effective for vSphere environments. This new solution is designed expressly for VMware Service Providers and will help with further monetization of existing VMware cloud environments based on VMware vCloud Director's multi-tenant cloud management capabilities.
And finally VMware is making enhancements to VMware vCloud Air, Hybrid Cloud Manager built around the simplification of application migration and improving performance of the connection between the two environments. Hybrid Cloud manager enables networks to stretch in the cloud but is said to show the performance as if they were local. VMware goes on to claim that Hybrid Cloud Manager can enable zero downtime, bi-directional migration of entire applications, as well as the migration of NSX security policies to vCloud Air Advanced Networking Services. Using an optimized network, customers can move VMs up to 20x faster while retaining the same security policies and controls available on-premises.
VMware Cloud Computing
Discuss this story
Sign up for the StorageReview newsletter
In psychology, empathic accuracy is how accurately one person can infer the thoughts and feelings of another person. It was first introduced in conjunction with the term empathic inference, which was presented by psychologists William Ickes and William Tooke in 1988.[1] Since then research on empathic accuracy has explored its relationship with the concepts of affect sharing and mentalizing. In order to accurately infer another's psychological state, one must be able to both share that state (affect sharing), and understand cognitively how to label that state (mentalizing). Neuroscience research has shown that brain activation associated with empathic accuracy overlaps with both the areas responsible for affect sharing and mentalizing.[2]
Empathic accuracy is an important aspect of what William Ickes has called "everyday mind reading".[3] Understanding the states of others is extremely important to successful social interaction, and the costs of failing in this task can be high, as seen in the social difficulties people with autism spectrum disorders face.[4] Empathic accuracy has been linked to positive peer relationship outcomes and overall healthy adjustment for adolescents.[5] In adult relationships, empathic accuracy correlates with stable romantic relationships.[6]
History [ edit ]
Rogerian view [ edit ]
In 1951, Carl Rogers published Client-Centered Therapy, the work he is most known for, and created three guidelines that psychologists should follow when in a therapeutic session with a client. These general rules are to have unconditional positive regard, empathy, and genuineness. Roger's core goal for implementing these rules was to have the client actualize his or her own inherent potentialities, which is termed self-actualization. But, according to Rogers, self-actualization could not be accomplished until the need for positive regard, positive self-regard, and having a self-concept were gained, so having empathy as one of the main guidelines in therapy helps to move the client towards self-actualization. Empathy in Rogers's client-centered therapy is to better understand the client and his or her issues. This relates to empathic accuracy because Rogers's intent was not to simply make the client feel as if being pitied upon, but for the psychologist to be in tune with the client's needs and perspectives. To do so, the psychologist must be an accurate "reader".[7]
Social psychology [ edit ]
Empathic accuracy became an active topic of social psychological research in the 1990s. Social psychology has explored in particular how empathic accuracy relates to the concept of empathy in general. Social psychologists posit two main theories for how people empathize with others: simulation theory and theory theory.[8] In the simulation theory of empathy, we understand another by putting ourselves in that other's state, or simulating their experience. Theory theory is more cognitive in that we find meaning in other's behaviors and contextual cues, and put these together to construct an idea of what that person's internal mental state is like. This debate between whether we empathize using simulation theory or theory theory has basically been proven a straw man, because empathy can involve either or both processes depending upon how it is defined and/or measured.[8] Empathic accuracy in fact requires both processes; simulation theory correlates with the effect sharing aspect of empathic accuracy, while theory theory relates to one's ability to effectively mentalize about that shared affect.[9]
Neuroscience [ edit ]
Medial and lateral view of the PFC
Neuroscience research has further solidified the shared roles of simulation theory and theory theory in driving empathic accuracy. Neuroscience work on empathy has focused on two main neural networks: the mirror system and the mentalizing system. The mirror system, which involves the bilateral posterior ventrolateral prefrontal cortex and bilateral anterior inferior parietal lobule, is a more automatic form of shared mental representation, and so corresponds with simulation theory.[10] The mentalizing system involves various areas dependent upon task demands but converges in the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex.[10] The fact that these systems rely on separate neural regions is important because this means they be activated at the same time. Recent work on empathic accuracy has shown this concurrent activation, proving that empathic accuracy involves both processes.[2] It follows as well that the difficulty of the task would differentially activate the two networks; more basic tasks such as simple emotion recognition through facial expression correlates with greater activation of the mirror system, while tasks that require more complex social judgments to assess another's state activates the mentalizing system to a greater degree.[8]
Measurement [ edit ]
William Ickes and colleagues developed a method to measure the accuracy of a perceiver's inferences about the content of a target person's reported thoughts and feelings.[11] In this method, the perceiver is asked to view a videotaped interaction that was previously recorded. The videotape is paused for the perceiver at each of the points at which a target person on the videotape had reported having a specific thought or feeling, and the perceiver's task to write down the inferred content of each thought or feeling. Because the researchers have a list of the actual thoughts and feelings that the target person reported at the various "stop points", they can compare the content of each inferred thought or feeling with the actual thought or feeling and assess the level of the perceiver's empathic accuracy. This method has been adapted for neuroscience research by including fMRI scanning of participants while watching videos of others. Participants then report perceived emotional states of the recorded individual while in the scanner, so that researchers can measure brain activity during the empathic accuracy task.[2] In research on psychotherapy, audio and videotapes are sometimes used to record the sessions of a patient and therapist, which allows expert judges rate the "empathic responsivity" or empathic accuracy of the therapist towards the patient.[12]
Research [ edit ]
Social psychology [ edit ]
Social psychology research has focused on how empathic accuracy affects interpersonal relationships, and how people differ in empathic accuracy ability. Closeness has been shown to improve empathic accuracy; in a study of friends, for example, men were better at reading their friends' emotional states than those of strangers.[13][14] In romantic relationships, empathic accuracy is higher when couples feel stable in their relationships than not, suggesting that people may be motivated to inaccurately interpret partners' states when they feel threatened, such as when evaluating whether a partner is physically attracted to someone else.[6] In healthy relationships, empathic accuracy is linked to better instrumental social support, meaning that partners who are more accurate at inferring partners' states are better at providing tangible, concrete supports such as material goods or financial assistance.[15]
Work on empathic inaccuracy and aggression toward spouses has shown that men who are more likely to be aggressive toward their wives are also less accurate at reading emotional states of women who they do not know and more likely to inaccurately label those women's states as critical or rejecting, suggesting a basic cognitive bias within these men.[16][17] Research looking explicitly at partners has found the same trend, with men who have acted violently toward their partners performing poorly when identifying their partners' emotional states.[18]
Research looking at gender differences overall has been mixed, with effects mainly showing up when participants are made aware of gender-role expectations and the fact that empathy is being measured.[19] These findings suggest that, at a basic level, men and women are no different in empathic accuracy skill, but social norms can impact men's performance. Furthermore, research conducted in 2001 with opposite-gender couples found significant differences between genders: women were better at reading their partner's emotions. These differences, however, were dramatically diminished when the couples were told that they would receive money for each emotion they correctly identified in their partner. Men and women are very similar, according to these results, in terms of skill, but differ in terms of motivation to be empathetic.[20]
Social neuroscience [ edit ]
As previously explained, social neuroscience has been instrumental in locating regions of the brain correlated with empathic accuracy, which has helped clarify the debate regarding simulation theory and theory-theory.[2][10] Other research in social neuroscience has explored processes that may affect empathic accuracy both behaviorally and in the brain. For example, a recent study looked at the relationship between oxytocin and empathic accuracy.[21] Oxytocin, known for its role in regulating prosocial behavior, was found to improve the empathic accuracy of individuals who scored higher on the Autism Spectrum Quotient (AQ), meaning that increased levels of oxytocin helped people with poorer social skills but not those who were already socially skilled. Neuroscience methods have also been used to explore how compassion meditation relates to empathic accuracy.[22] Compassion meditation, also referred to as Mettā or loving-kindness meditation, is a type of Buddhist practice in which the meditator actively focuses on increasing empathic feelings and compassion toward others. When study participants were trained in an eight-week course designed to teach compassion mediation, they were found to be more empathically accurate than controls and showed corresponding increased brain activation in areas related to empathic accuracy, particularly the mentalizing system.[22]
Deficits [ edit ]
Certain conditions can cause impairments in empathic accuracy. Alexithymia, which involves difficulty with labeling one's own emotional states, is linked with empathic inaccuracy. When considering the importance of the mirror system in empathic accuracy this deficit makes sense, as people who have difficulty recognizing their own emotions likely would show less brain activation in those regions, which are also used in recognizing others' emotions. Indeed, alexithymic individuals show decreased activation of the mirror system when presented with images of others.[23]
Deficits in empathic accuracy have also been found in individuals on the autism spectrum.[24][25] As stated, higher AQ scores correlate with lower empathic accuracy in normal populations.[21] Similar findings have been found in clinical populations, with those on the autism spectrum experiencing greater difficulty with empathic accuracy tasks.[25]
Further reading [ edit ]
An early summary of the research on empathic accuracy can be found in an edited volume titled Empathic Accuracy (1997).[26] A more recent summary is available in a single-author book titled Everyday Mind Reading: Understanding What Other People Think and Feel (2009).[27] For a discussion of the mirror system as it pertains to empathy and empathic accuracy, Marco Iacoboni has written a book entitled, Mirroring People: The Science of Empathy and How We Connect with Others (2009).[28]
See also [ edit ]
Copyright by KLFY - All rights reserved Pic: onboard (WKRN)
WKRN - NASHVILLE, Tenn. (WKRN) – Someone shot at a school bus full of kids Monday evening and now police are searching for clues.
It happened near Haywood Lane and Apache trail as 22 students from Intrepid College Preparatory Charter School in Antioch were being taken home.
According to Mia Howard, the founder and executive director of the magnet school, the startling incident took place at 5:15 p.m.
Copyright by KLFY - All rights reserved Photo: Submitted
She told News 2 bus No. 1 was hit by pellets.
"Students were covered in glass. Thankfully, no students were harmed but obviously it is an alarming thing someone would attack a school bus," Howard explained.
Pictures obtained by News 2 show the back windows are shattered.
At the time, the bus driver immediately pulled over into a nearby Shell gas station and called 911.
The driver told 911, "I just put 22 kids on another bus. I've been shot at."
"My back window is shot by a pellet gun. One, two, three, four, maybe seven holes in one window, and one in my big window," the driver said.
The driver got the kids to safety and told 911 dispatchers they thought it was a tree or a rock.
"From the look of it, you can see where each thing hit. It is obvious," driver also explained.
Five Metro police cars arrived at the scene. Thankfully, all of the fifth, sixth and seventh-grade students were fine.
Copyright by KLFY - All rights reserved Photo: Submitted
Howard said, "They are understandably scared [and] shouldn't have to be scared."
A police report indicates the weapon may have been a BB gun. Director Howard is unsure.
"We don't know. The police investigation is underway," she told News 2. "I do know a brown van was parked behind the bus, approaching a red light when the shots were fired."
Chuck Abbott, the CEO and President of Gray Line, said his bus driver acted quickly and safely.
"This is quarter-inch safety glass; shattered but didn't break," Abbott said. "Based on shot pattern,
To the person who committed the crime, Director Howard wants them to know the children are innocent and young.
"It is clear you lack the judgment and respect for human life," she added. "It is disappointing that as a citizen of this community in southeast Nashville that this would happen."
A letter sent home to parents indicates police will be swearing out 22 counts of aggravated assault once a suspect is identified.
Gallery Folders The Invasion of The Pink Robots The Invasion of The Pink Robots
Search Gallery Iceberg Tiny House RandomCushing 2 Unravimal Alligator RandomCushing 4 Advertisement Advertisement Tiny House Balance Pose II RandomCushing 5 Tiny House Balance Pose RandomCushing 4 Bothering the Firefly Bearer RandomCushing 2 Tiny House RandomCushing 2 Wizards RandomCushing 1 Tiny House Halloween RandomCushing 1 The Belltower RandomCushing 2 Neighbors RandomCushing 5 Outpost RandomCushing 3 Jamie RandomCushing 2 Condiments RandomCushing 0 Monster Commission RandomCushing 1 ICE RandomCushing 0 Michelle RandomCushing 1 Sleepy #4 RandomCushing 3 Los Angeles Adventure Drawing, Part 2 RandomCushing 1 Los Angeles Adventure Drawing, Part 1 RandomCushing 1 The Distinguished Mr. Jay Clouse RandomCushing 1 Fighting for Peace RandomCushing 2 Mecha Mega RandomCushing 2 Messin' with Mechs RandomCushing 3 Phil and Jeward Father's Day gifts RandomCushing 0
The New Jersey Devils started off on the wrong foot in Sunrise. Their response was tepid at best and they were dug in a deeper hole by the end of the second period. The Devils were energized by two quick goals in the third period and several strong offensive shifts. Alas, the Florida Panthers held on to their lead and tacked on empty net goal to win Game 2 by a 4-2 score. The series is now tied at one game. The headline really sums up the Devils' performance: the great work in the third period couldn't make up for the poor play in the first two periods.
The first period wasn't awful, but it wasn't good either. The Devils had a disastrous first minute where Andy Greene tripped Marcel Goc 11 seconds into the game. On the resulting power play, a rebound just went right to an open Stephen Weiss for the easy put-back just 12 seconds later. The Devils settled down but the game was just a slog for both sides. The Devils out-shot the Panthers 4-3 (and in posts 1-0). Part of it was blocks and misses, but both teams just did a lot of work for little gain. It was like the third period of Game 1 but with less offense. It ended with the Devils getting two minor penalties on one shift leading to a full 5-on-3 for Florida for two minutes.
Down two men, the Devils tried to kill it off early. Alas, another bounce - this time off Goc's body - sent a puck into space and Weiss had another easy shot to score on. Down 2-0, the Devils decided to respond by being as ineffective as possible. They got a power play of their own and did nothing with it. They struggled to get passes into Florida's end both at 5-on-4 and 5-on-5. Credit Florida for making life difficult for the forwards. It wasn't just the Zajac line who struggled; but the Elias and Henrique lines were simply non-factors. Eventually, Goc gets a screen in front on the attack, he fires a shot, and Brodeur mishandles it to make it 3-0. The second period ended with only 12 shots for the Devils and they looked like they needed a miracle just to get a goal, much less back in the game.
Perhaps the word "miracle" was too strong? Perhaps it was a miracle? The only major change Peter DeBoer made after the second period, outside of one heck of a pep talk, was switching Travis Zajac and Adam Henrique. The move immediately paid off. Zajac got down low and hammered a shot through Jose Theodore to get the Devils on the board. A little more than a minute later, some offensive pressure leads Henrique to see Kovalchuk crashing the net. Henrique fires it his way and Kovalchuk re-directs it to make it 3-2. Down a goal with a little under 18 minutes left to play, many Devils fans started to believe an equalizer would come.
The Devils did have several shifts where they just pinned the Panthers back. It certainly felt like a goal was imminent on a few occasions. All they needed was one bounce, one deflection, one clear chance at the puck among the fracas down low, or something. They worked to get it; the Devils definitely put in the effort. Florida didn't just sit back, they put up 9 shots on Brodeur after all; but it was the Devils that were doing more with the puck. In fact, they put up as many shots in the third period alone as they did in the first two. Alas, it just didn't happen. Chances at the net went astray. Pucks would bounce over sticks. The Panthers had more than their share of blocks going their way. It seemed like that's what bailed them out in addition to some unfortunate misses by the Devils. With 7 seconds left and Brodeur pulled, the Devils won an offensive zone faceoff. Kovalchuk fired a very hard shot right off the loose puck. Only it was blocked out, Tomas Fleischmann retrieved it, and he skated it down to stash in a late empty net goal to make it a 4-2 loss. A valiant comeback effort in the third was not rewarded with the equalizer.
In retrospect, it may be for the best that it wasn't. I know the playoffs are a "win by any means necessary" situation and I largely agree with it. At the same time, this loss sends the message that the Devils cannot just show up for one period on offense and expect that it's enough to win. I thought they were fine in the third period in Game 1, but the offense really came about (and in a big, unrepeatable way) in the first period. Tonight, it was only in the third period. As exciting it was to see it all happen and as comforting to know that the Devils can make good adjustments against Florida, it was a classic case of too little, too late.
Now the series is at 1-1. Florida's in the series, and I'm sure they're pumped up by it. They should be, it's the franchise's first playoff win since 1997. But they don't have the home ice advantage in the whole series now and they won't have it for the next two games. Should the Devils put together a more complete effort on offense than just one period in those next two games, they could be fine going forward. That requires realizing that tonight's effort wasn't enough.
For the opposition's point of view, please check out Ryan Meier's recap over at Litter Box Cats. For more of my thoughts on tonight's loss, please continue on after the jump.
The Stats: The NHL.com Game Summary | The NHL.com Event Summary | The NHL.com Play by Play Log | The NHL.com Shot Summary | The Time on Ice Shift Charts | The Time on Ice Head to Head Ice Time Charts | The Time on Ice Corsi Charts
The Highlight Video: If you missed the game or if you want to see the goals and big saves again, here's tonight's highlight video from NHL.com:
They Struck on the PP, Not ES: Tonight, the Weiss line was more active. Tomas Fleischmann and Stephen Weiss scored three of Florida's four goals, Kris Versteeg had four shots on net, and his linemates had two shots each. Yet, I don't think they really had that good of a game. Allow me to explain.
Fleischmann's goal was an empty net goal in the dying seconds of the game. Outside of that, he had one other shot on net and it was on a power play. Second, Weiss' shots both ended up in the net but they were simply a matter of being in the right place at the right time. The Devils didn't forget about him; they just didn't have enough guys on the ice to cover him. The puck bounces to where he was on the ice twice and so Brodeur had little chance on each shot. Outside of that, Weiss wasn't doing much of anything. Versteeg was more active but Brodeur stopped all of his shots.
Most of all, this line got wrecked by the Devils' top line in terms of attempts. It didn't really happen early on, but Kevin Dineen's decision to go power-for-power just failed in the third. All three members of the Weiss line got pounded down to a Corsi value of -15 each. They were just unable to get much going. In retrospect, I'm surprised Dineen went with them when the Devils pulled Brodeur for a desperate attempt for an equalizer. Why put out the one line who's been beaten on defense more than the rest? Of course, one block bounced the puck to a favorable spot for an easy score by one of the members - for the third time all game.
The bounces aren't likely to repeat. If the Devils can continue to keep a lid on them further, then that helps their cause overall in this series.
I Repeat - The Bounces Aren't Likely to Repeat Again: This is why I wouldn't worry about the penalty kill despite two power play goals by Florida. There was no breakdown in coverage or a bad play made. The puck just bounced twice to a spot no one could cover. It happens.
Three Real Calls & One Kind of Weak Call: If you want to point fingers about the two power play goals allowed, then why not point at the penalties themselves? Greene tripping Goc was really silly and the team paid the price for it. Greene would go on to have a good game, but that early error was costly. Ryan Carter hooking Mike Weaver wasn't much but it was right in front of a ref and it was right after a Steve Bernier breakaway was denied. That was just silly.
Then there's the two separate minor penalties on one shift. Alexei Ponikarovsky definitely clipped Erik Gudbranson high with his stick. I'm not doubting that one. I'm skeptical of the charging call on David Clarkson shortly after Ponikarovsky high-sticked him. Clarkson was adjudged to leave his feet on his check. The replay showed that he did a little bit, but it's no different from a lot of other checks thrown in the NHL. Alex Ovechkin does that little jump on almost every other check he throws. It was a ticky-tack call made from behind and it put the Devils in a bad situation. And Florida, to their credit, capitalized on it with another favorable bounce. Of course, it wouldn't have been a 5-on-3 if Ponikarovsky wasn't controlled his own stick better. It's that and the other two calls that the Devils need to avoid in the future. The weak ones, well, that's on the refereeing.
The Goc Goal Hurt: It did turn out to be the game winner and it wasn't a good goal at all to give up by Brodeur. It didn't help that Goc was able to move as he wanted down in the left corner. Zajac could have done a better job at engaging him. It also didn't help that Anton Volchenkov and Mikael Samuelsson - who was behind Volchenkov - were in the way of the shot. Still, Brodeur unwisely got a little bit away from the post and he did get some of the puck. When you get some of the puck, it usually means you should have had all of it and Brodeur didn't. It dropped into the goal and so it was 3-0 Florida. That was a soft goal and, unfortunately, it stands as the game winner.
This isn't to say Brodeur had a bad game. There was nothing he could have done on either goal by Weiss. He was more than fine in denying Versteeg and one excellent chance by former Flyer and sometimes diver Scottie Upshall. Still, the Goc goal hurt and I have to say that.
Split Them Up, Someone Says: Zach Parise was the only Devil to have more than one shot on net in the first two periods with 3. Ilya Kovalchuk hit a post had one shot and not much more. Usually when they're not doing well, the calls for splitting them up rekindle. The third period further proved why they aren't. They were mauling their match-ups at evens in the third period. Parise got three more shots of his own, leading him to six out of ten attempts. Kovalchuk went from only three or so attempts to ten (still only two shots on net). They jumped to +13 and +15 in Corsi, respectively. They even each had a scoring opportunity in front of the net late in the third that they wish they had back. Still, the duo proved yet again why DeBoer keeps them together and I hope it leads to more offense more often in the coming games.
The real question will be whether it'll be with Henrique, whom helped them energize the offense in the third period, or Zajac, who's been with them more recently and can win faceoffs. (Note: He went 13-for-17. Rest of Devils: 11-for-36).
Wait, He Played Tonight?: Patrik Elias had a really good game in Game 1. Did he play in this game? His lack of noticeable contributions helped the Goc line perform as Florida's best line at evens tonight.
Zone Entry Remains An Issue: At even strength, the Devils struggled to get into Florida's end of the rink and get something together on offense. This continued in the second period; but the Devils thankfully were able to get through the neutral zone and get into Florida's end with possession in the third period.
On the power play, however, the Devils were just terrible at keeping the puck when trying to head over the blueline. First passes were blocked, pucks were lost in traffic, and the Panthers had easy chances to clear. In fact, they could have had a few shorthanded opportunities if they were bolder about it. Even so, the Florida faithful should be pleased with how their PK did tonight. They frustrated the Devils and held them to one little shot on net on their two power plays. The frustration further mounts given that the first was while it was 1-0 Florida and the second was when it was 2-0 Florida. They were during times where the Devils should have been playing like they were down a score or two and instead just squandered a situation that could have helped them get back into the game earlier. The Panthers may have gotten away with a call or two in the third period, but I'm glad there was no call as it would have meant the Devils power play would have to appear late.
Should the Devils want to improve their overall performance in games, then they need to work on getting set up with a man advantage. They need to be able to get into the other team's end while maintaining possession. Only then can they get shots on net. Only then can they be a threat to possibly score - and actually score. The Devils have one extra skater on a power play by definition; but there were times tonight where it was like the Devils forgot that obvious fact. This facet of the game needs to improve and fast.
One Final Thought: The Panthers should be getting more respect than I think they actually are getting. They held the line defensively against the Devils and they cashed in on some glorious opportunities. They made Game 1 an actual game despite a terrible first period; and they held on to win Game 2 after a rough start to the third period tonight. The Goc line has been causing some problems, and their third line is about even with the Devils' thirds. Their top four on defense has been mostly solid and they did a good job collapsing around their crease, particularly in the third period tonight. They definitely kept the Devils in check for the first forty minutes tonight. Jose Theodore hasn't been too bad either. Forget the regular season record, forget the goal differential, forget that 26-shot first period against Florida in Game 1 (the Panthers definitely aren't coming out that badly again in this series), and forget the stigma that comes from being based out of Florida. The Panthers have shown in two playoff games that they can be difficult to play against. Now that the series is tied, hopefully more people can recognize the reality instead of the perception. The Devils players know it all too well. If they didn't after Game 1, they better now.
That's my take on tonight's game, now I want to know yours. Why do you think the Devils struggled so much to get their offense going in the first two periods? Why do you think they came out so strong in the third period? How much did you believe they were going to get that equalizer? What would you want the Devils to do to start the game better? What would you want the Devils to do on the power play to get into the other team's end more often? Will the Devils get it together in Game 3? Please leave your answers and other thoughts about tonight's 4-2 loss in the comments. Thanks to those who followed along in the gamethread and on Twitter with @InLouWeTrust. Thank you for reading.
@Vidvuds Beldavs. You write English with an enviable precision and fluency. The alethic claims you make are modest- you say some people 'fought' for the Paris Agreement, not that they fought hard or courageously nor that, if they were genuinely, as opposed to strategically or for a purpose of rent-extracting interessement ( vide Actor Network theory) , concerned with the impact of Climate Change on the poorest and least powerful, they lost in every meaningful sense, save the cosmetic or nakedly careerist.
Vidvuds, you have given a plausible account of what happened and I'm sure your heart is in the right place. However, the real scandal here is that the Paris Agreement was non-operationalizable and based on a foolish pseudo Coasian 'cake cutting' problematization which is utterly worthless for any save gesture political virtue signalling.
Perhaps you know the work of Ugo Pagano- re. oversupply of positional goods? You may already have an intuitive verstehen that 'second order' public goods (i.e. raising funds to 'fight' for public goods) crowd out that which they claim to create.
Taken together, these two notions predict there will be a wholly meretricious and highly mischievous oversupply of worthless Paris Agreements and Peter Singer type Siren songs which create a false, Scylla & Charybdis, binary between Moral Fairness and Human Flourishing.
The truth, when it comes to Anthropocene Climate Change, is that the incentive compatible solution is wholly local- not global at all. 'Thinking globally' is mental masturbation at best, sheer mischief at worst.
The working people of Latvia know very well that their livelihoods and life-chances were harmed, not helped, by Manichean ideologies based on false 'global' binaries irrespective of whether they required the liquidation of vast sections of the population based on racial or 'class' criteria.
India isn't upset- contra Tharoor elsewhere on PoSyn- that Trump made us the scapegoat for resiling from Paris. The fact is, we know there is a virtuous circle in 'acting locally' and not buying into some worthless 'global' solution whose imaginary 'transferable utility' would have functioned as a Resource Curse. India and China are ancient Civilisations which have incentive compatible systems of imperative logic- thus even Amartya Sen's Utilitarianism is less foolish than that of Peter Singer and, the fact is, India and China are actively taking steps which Australia won't ever, till its, admittedly very talented people, begin to understand they too are 'Abos'. We all are.
Vidvuds, I suspect that you are a bright guy- perhaps my son's age. To make your career you may feel you have to 'eat a daily peck of dirt'- i.e. assent to a type of, soi disant bien pensant, coprophagy- but, surely, there is a better door open to you? Why not let 'second order' public goods go hang and just concentrate on doing 'first order' good- public or private?
Best wishes.
and if one has a bien pensant view of the world
File photo taken in 2016 shows Richard Cordray, director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, testifying at a U.S. Senate hearing. (Photo11: Alex Wong, Getty Images)
Three reverse mortgage companies were collectively fined $790,000 for using deceptive advertising that claimed consumers could not lose their homes, a federal regulator said Wednesday.
American Advisors Group, Reverse Mortgage Solutions and Aegean Financial reached consent agreements with the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau after the regulator's investigation found they used ads whose scripts featured similarly misleading though reassuring claims:
"Can I lose my home? "No you cannot lose your home."
"I can show you how to use a government-insured program that allows you to save money, get cash and live payment-free as long as you live in your home."
Consumers with reverse mortgages can "live in your home for the rest of your life" "stay in your home forever" and "never ever be forced from your home."
Separately, American Advisors Group touted the financial advantages of reverse mortgages in ads that featured Fred Thompson, a former Law and Order TV drama actor and former U.S. senator, who characterized the product as a "safe, effective financial tool."
Reverse mortgages are special home loans that enable homeowners aged 62 or older to draw on the equity they've built up in the dwellings and receive money through lump-sum payments, monthly payments or lines of credit.
However, consumers who get reverse mortgages typically must pay for property taxes, insurance and maintenance costs. They can default and lose their homes if they fail to comply with the loan terms, the CFPB said.
"These companies tricked consumers into believing they could not lose their homes," CFPB Director Richard Cordray said in a statement issued with the consent orders. "All mortgage brokers and lenders need to abide by federal advertising disclosure requirements in promoting their products."
Reverse Mortgage Solutions based in Houston and licensed in 48 states, said it was pleased with the settlement and "will continue to focus our efforts on improving our procedures for the future." American Advisors Group, licensed in 49 states and the District of Columbia, said in a formal statement that it takes its regulatory responsibilities seriously and has made a significant investment in its compliance and legal infrastructure to conform to all marketing laws and rules.
Representatives of Aegean Financial, licensed in California, Louisiana, Oregon, Texas and Washington, did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
Along with paying the financial penalties, the companies are required to make clear and prominent disclosures in their reverse mortgage ads and use internal oversight systems to ensure they are obeying all laws.
The findings follow a June 2015 CFPB study that found many consumers were confused about reverse mortgages and warned those who consider the products should determine "how long their loan proceeds will last them given the loan's interest rate, their living expenses, home equity balance, and age."
Follow USA TODAY reporter Kevin McCoy on Twitter: @kmccoynyc
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2gVVtig
The biggest shift concerns the nature of conspiracy-theorizing itself, which in the Internet age has evolved from a demanding hobby for only the most devoted paranoiacs to something far more widespread, accessible, and pervasive. Early stories in The X-Files traded on every whispered secret and half-baked theory about the government, every spooky urban legend, every mythic creature given half a page in the encyclopedia. Fox Mulder (David Duchovny) was an obsessive in an old-fashioned way fans could understand—charming and laconic, but with a basement full of weird secrets and passion projects, most having to do with alien abductions. Dana Scully (Gillian Anderson) balanced him out as the level-headed skeptic, but her characterization and growth over nine years was the show. Mulder was the constant, while Scully was the person who drew all of the drama and crackling wit out of him.
That dynamic, happily, remains in the show's new incarnation, but things are different for the semi-retired FBI duo. In the first episode, “My Struggle,” written and directed by the show's creator Chris Carter, Mulder buddies up to a far-right-wing, Alex Jones-style conspiracy theorist played by Joel McHale, mourning the current coolness of his relationship with Scully. But his fervor for the planet's weird and wacky mysteries—the very quality that made him Mulder—seems to have waned. Conspiracy theories are embarrassingly mainstream at this point (think of the egg-avatar Twitter accounts ranting about lizard people or contrails or heaven knows what), and Mulder's passion for discerning the truth from the lie is apparently sapped.
I don't know what to say about “My Struggle” (perhaps a reference to the Hitler manifesto of the same name, or the Norwegian autobiographical opus by Karl Ove Knausgaard, although the episode does little to point at either), because I barely understood what happened in it. Chris Carter long ago lost the thread of his “mytharc” for The X-Files, which was initially about a planned alien colonization but morphed into five other related things. “My Struggle” does nothing to clear things up, and it does even less to revitalize Mulder's ardor for his work. Duchovny, perhaps shell shocked after years of making the drearily sexist Californication on Showtime, sleepwalks through the premiere and gives the usually energetic McHale little to work off of. “My Struggle” feels like it's trying to catch up to all of contemporary TV's new cinematic flourishes (which The X-Files helped spark in the 1990s), but its visuals are muddled and its wide-ranging plot idiotic.
But in many ways, none of this matters much. All the viewing public really wants is a trip back to the good old days, when The X-Files was the hottest, creepiest show on television, Mulder and Scully were the greatest will-they-won't-they couple around, and you could murmur darkly about the government without sounding like a bigoted loon. The second episode, “Founder's Mutation,” written by the veteran X-Files writer James Wong, gets closer to that vibe and does well to address one of the show's weightier dangling stories (Mulder and Scully's “child,” William), but it's the third hour, “Mulder and Scully Meet the Were-Monster,” that really feels like a return to that old-time religion.
Magallanes region with the second lowest unemployment in Chile: 3.2%
27th Thursday, November 2014 - 07:46 UTC Full article
However, women unemployment had the outstanding performance since it dropped from 5.7% a year ago to 3.1% currently
Magallanes Region in the extreme south of Chile had a 3.2% unemployment rate in the third quarter of the year, according to the latest Chilean Stats Office, INE, report. This is the second lowest in the country, behind Aysén Region and marks a slight drop compared to the immediate previous quarter June/July/August, 3,3%.
The most outstanding fact from the latest reading is that woman unemployment has dropped further and more intensely, with 2.3 percentage points less compared to the third quarter of last year and half a percentage from the previous mobile quarter.
This means that ladies unemployment currently stands at 3.1% compared to 5.7% a year ago, said Carlos Abarzua Villegas, head of the region's Labor ministerial office, who also underlined the positive performance of the Magallanes region, based on a good understanding between the private and public sectors.
If we look at the stats and review percentages, structural unemployment, we can see that we have had the lowest unemployment rates in the country for some time now and only in the last quarter have we had a mild difference with Aysen region added Abrazua.
The official also underlined the significance of government employment, the second strongest behind commerce and retailing in Magallanes.
According to the official stats, the labor force in Magallanes reached 81.280 people, equivalent to 2.350 or 3% more than a year ago, Likewise compares to the June/August quarter, there is an increase of 900 people in the labor force, or 1.1%.
To all,
I've had a lot of time today to sit and reflect, and try to put my thoughts into words as best I can.
I want to sincerely apologize for my actions during Friday night's Truck Series race at Texas.
I apologize to my fans, all my sponsors, everyone at Joe Gibbs Racing and Kyle Busch Motorsports.
After talking with my team, it's great to have their support and encouragement to assure me that there are better days ahead. Even though this took place while driving for Kyle Busch Motorsports, I am sorry for how difficult this has been for everyone associated with Joe Gibbs Racing's Nationwide and Sprint Cup Series teams.
I'd also like to apologize to Ron Hornaday Jr., and everyone associated with the No. 33 team in the Truck Series.
I understand why I was taken out of the car for the rest of the weekend. NASCAR officials had to act, and I accept their punishment and take full responsibility for my actions.
As a racecar driver, the hardest thing to do is to sit on the sidelines listening to cars on the track when you know you should be out there competing. For this, I have no one to blame but myself.
Through a lot of support from the people around me, I feel like I've made a lot of strides this year, but this was certainly a step backward. Moving forward, I will do everything I possibly can to represent everyone involved in a positive manner. However, I know my long-term actions will have more of a bearing than anything I say right now.
Sincerely,
Kyle Busch
We know there's lots of drama in NASCAR , and for some reason, Kyle Busch often finds himself in the middle of it. Back in June, Busch found himself in a headlock after a race courtesy of a fellow driver who felt the 26-year-old driver had intentionally bumped him during a cool down lap. Busch also recently lost his drivers license for 45 days after being caught by police doing 128 miles per hour in a Lexus LFA . Fortunately for Busch, NASCAR doesn't require its drivers to have a valid drivers license to race.Maybe they should, as Busch has again dived headlong into a heap of trouble after intentionally putting Ron Hornaday's truck into the wall during Friday night's Camping World Truck Series race at Texas Motor Speedway. The incident happened after the two drivers made contact on lap 13, which brought out a caution flag. At that point, Busch aimed his truck at the back of Hornaday's and accelerated, sending his competitor – who happened to be competing for the series championship – into the wall and out of the race.NASCAR pulled Busch from Friday's race and then followed up by also suspending him for this weekend's Nationwide Series and Sprint Cup races, as well. The governing body has said more penalties are possible and will be considered on Monday.Busch has already released an open letter apologizing for the crash, which can be read after the jump
Who knew in 1989 that so many people would care so much about Oct. 21 in 2015?
Universal Pictures
That's the future date that Marty McFly traveled to in Back to the Future II. Now that we're about to reach that day (and the human race hasn't been annihilated by nuclear weapons, killer bees, Ebola, or zombies), we only have scant precious hours to look at it as a place of unending possibilities. Because after Wednesday, as Reddit user by ask_if_im_pikachu posted in the Shower Thoughts community, Marty's potential future will now become our set-in-stone past given our present perspective.
RELATED: Should Doc Brown Throw Out the First Pitch for the Cubs' Game on ‘Back to Future' Day?
And that realization, as PoonBandit pointed out in the comments, can be rather disturbing and sobering:
Another disturbing and sobering realization about Oct. 21: Everyone with a wagon is trying to hook it to the continuing popularity of that film's 26-year-old star.
If Back to the Future II—or any of the films from the trilogy—still has a warm spot in your heart, then you'll probably want to know about at least one of these eight things that will be happening Wednesday, Oct. 21, in connection with the movie franchise.
The only thing we don't know: What's Huey Lewis doing Wednesday?
1. Back to the Future Marathon
Universal Pictures
Pretend it's 1985 (and then 1989 and 1990) by rewatching the Back to the Future trilogy in the theater. Select movie theater chains will be running all three films back-to-back-to-back. Don't live near a select theater? Or your schedule isn't flexible enough to accommodate the showtimes? No worries. Amazon Prime is streaming the films. But if you'd rather watch them on a larger screen and you don't have a set box, two new Back to the Future Blu-ray sets—the 30th anniversary edition and the “Complete Adventures” edition, which includes the 26-episode animated series, a visual history book and a light-up flux capacitor—will be released Tuesday.
2. Back in Time Documentary
Want to dig deeper into the Back to the Future phenomenon? Have a burning desire to know more about Eric Stoltz as Marty McFly? Then you'll want to check out this documentary that will be available on DVD/Blu-ray, Netflix and video on demand Wednesday. Back in Time also will premiere on the big screen in Los Angeles that day before it heads out on the road Nov. 3 for 15 screenings in 13 cities across the country.
3. Back to the Future Comic Book Series
Screenwriter Bob Gale returns to writing the characters that made him never again have to worry about springing for an extra topping on his pizza. This time, though, it's in comic book form thanks to a new four-part series from IDW, subtitled “Untold Tales and Alternate Timelines.” The first issue hits comic book stores Wednesday, and it's doubtful one of those alternate timelines mentioned in the subtitle is Abhed's darkest timeline.
4. DeLorean in Rocket League
The popular PS4 racing game will make the famous time-traveling vehicle available as a Battle-Car starting Wednesday. The DeLorean will run you $1.99, and it will even feature the fold-in jet wheels that allowed the car to fly.
5. Pepsi Perfect
Universal Pictures
Better make sure your Wi-Fi connection is strong Wednesday if you want to snag this Back to the Future limited-edition collectible. The soft drink company will be selling online only 6,500 bottles of Pepsi Perfect, the fictional beverage from Back to the Future II. On the outside, the bottle will be shaped to resemble its appearance from the movie. On the inside, it'll be filled with Pepsi sweetened with sugar, which seems rather retro given that Pepsi has marketed those sodas in the real world as “throwback” products.
6. A Flux Capacitor in Your Ford
Sure, you've been eyeing a 2016 Ford for sometime now, but there's been one thing stopping you from pulling the trigger on a purchase: It's got no flux capacitor. Well, that excuse won't hold water between Wednesday and Oct. 26. That's when you'll be able to go to Ford's car customizing page on its website and add the mechanism that makes automobile time travel possible to the dash of Fiesta or Focus. Technically, you won't be able to purchase a vehicle with a flux capacitor—as the fine print on the YouTube video states: “Obviously, this upgrade is not actually available. Happy Back to the Future Day!”—but you will be able to see a mock-up of what it would look like and know that the time you've spent online doing so wasn't wasted frivolously.
7. Back to the Future Toyota Commercial
Speaking of cars, Toyota, which recently released a brief Back to the Future-themed spot with Christopher Lloyd and Michael J. Fox, will air the full five-minute commercial on its website Wednesday. What's the ad selling besides nostalgia and pop culture hook? It's new Mirai, which runs on a hydrogen fuel cell.
8. Game 4 of the NLCS: Cubs vs. Mets
Universal Pictures
Technically, there are no Back to the Future-related events connected with this game (yet). But if the Chicago Cubs have any hope of keeping alive the BttF2‘s prediction that they'll win the World Series this year, they need a victory in Wednesday's game at Wrigley Field. As of Monday, the New York Mets lead the National League Championship Series 2-0.
RELATED: If the Cubs Win the World Series, Vegas Loses Big
So what will we do in a post-Oct. 21, 2015, world? Look ahead to 2017, which is batshit scary if you've ever seen a certain 1987 film, as Reddit user Rambo_Brit3 posted in the Funny community.
Rambo_Brit3/Universal Pictures/TriStar Pictures
CO 2 hydrogenation performance
We initially prepared Na–Fe 3 O 4 nanocatalyst by a simple one-pot synthesis method and then applied it to CO 2 hydrogenation reaction. As shown in Fig. 1a, Na–Fe 3 O 4 catalysts exhibited 12% selectivity to CH 4 , 38% selectivity to C 5 –C 11 as well as a low CO selectivity (14%) at a CO 2 conversion of 34%. Notably, the hydrocarbon distribution followed a fairly linear trend for Na–Fe 3 O 4 , implying an ASF product distribution (Fig. 1c). In our quest for a compatible zeolite, a series of zeolites like HY, HBEA, HMOR, HZSM-23, HMCM-22 and HZSM-5, possessing the ability to catalyse olefin oligomerization reaction in varying degrees, were coupled with Na–Fe 3 O 4 catalysts for CO 2 hydrogenation. The description of zeolite channels and NH 3 -TPD results were listed in Supplementary Table 1 and Supplementary Fig. 1. As shown in Fig. 1a, CO 2 conversion and CO selectivity are not obviously related to zeolite type, predominantly decided by the first component of Na–Fe 3 O 4 , whereas the distribution of hydrocarbon products is evidently influenced by the zeolite pore structure on Na–Fe 3 O 4 /Zeolite catalysts for CO 2 hydrogenation. It is noteworthy that three types of zeolites with 10 member ring (MR) channels exhibit higher C 5 –C 11 selectivities in the order of HZSM-5 (3-dimensional)>HMCM-22 (2-dimensional)>HZSM-23 (1-dimensional). This result suggests zeolites with 10 MR channels can favour the oligomerization of olefins and the production of C 5 –C 11 hydrocarbons. Besides the pore structure, the acidity, which is depended on the SiO 2 /Al 2 O 3 ratios of zeolite, is another important factor affecting hydrocarbon distribution. It suggests that the stronger acidity of HZSM-5(27) could cause the over-cracking of heavy hydrocarbons to C 1 –C 4 hydrocarbons, whereas the weaker one of the HZSM-5(300) is not beneficial to the oligomerization/isomerization/aromatization of primary CO 2 -FT products, thus both disfavour the selective production of C 5 –C 11 hydrocarbons (Fig. 1a). In summary, HZSM-5(160) zeolite is suitable for C 5 –C 11 hydrocarbon synthesis due to the presence of medium/strong acid sites and 3-dimensional pore structure.
Figure 1: Catalytic performance for CO 2 hydrogenation. (a) CO 2 conversion and product selectivity over different Na–Fe 3 O 4 /Zeolite catalysts; reaction conditions: H 2 /CO 2 =3,320 °C, 3 MPa and 4,000 ml h−1 g cat −1. (b) CO 2 conversion and product selectivity at different H 2 /CO 2 ratios over Na–Fe 3 O 4 /HZSM-5(160) catalyst at 320 °C, 3 MPa and 4,000 ml h−1 g cat −1. (c,d) The detailed hydrocarbon product distribution obtained over Na–Fe 3 O 4 (c) and Na–Fe 3 O 4 /HZSM-5(160) (d) catalysts, an additional ASF plot and α value comparison of above two catalysts are also depicted; W n is the weight fraction of a product with n carbon atoms. Full size image
The Na–Fe 3 O 4 /HZSM-5(160) multifunctional catalyst provided a CO 2 conversion of 34% and selectivities to CH 4 , C 2 –C 4 , C 5 –C 11 and C 12+ hydrocarbons of 8, 18, 73 and 1%, respectively, under 320 °C, 3 MPa, and H 2 /CO 2 ratio of 3 (Fig. 1a). Moreover, when the H 2 /CO 2 ratio of feed gas was switched to 1, we observed an even higher selectivity to gasoline fraction (78%) and only 4% CH 4 with a CO 2 conversion of 22% over Na–Fe 3 O 4 /HZSM-5(160) catalyst (Fig. 1b). To our knowledge, this is the highest selectivity for gasoline-range hydrocarbons reported for CO 2 hydrogenation (Supplementary Table 2). A higher H 2 /CO 2 ratio benefits CO 2 conversion, which rose to 54% at H 2 /CO 2 =6, for instance, whereas it disfavours the selective formation of gasoline fraction. Selectivities varied in the range from 68 to 78% for C 5 –C 11 and 4 to 10% for CH 4 in the investigated H 2 /CO 2 ratio (1 to 6).
To further elucidate the function of HZSM-5, a detailed product distribution has been done on Na–Fe 3 O 4 /HZSM-5(160) catalyst (Fig. 1d). Compared with Na–Fe 3 O 4 catalyst (Fig. 1c), the use of HZSM-5 as the second component significantly decreased the selectivities to CH 4 and C 2 –C 4 , and altered the product distribution towards gasoline-range isoparaffins and aromatics. Moreover, oxygenates formation is inhibited at the presence of zeolite (Supplementary Table 3). An additional ASF plot and the probability of chain growth (α) value comparison of above two catalysts are also given in Fig. 1c,d. Relatively, Na–Fe 3 O 4 /HZSM-5 catalyst exhibited an α value of 0.70, higher than that of 0.59 for Na–Fe 3 O 4 catalysts, confirming that the production of long-chain hydrocarbons was promoted on the multifunctional catalyst. The product distribution on the multifunctional catalyst deviated greatly from the typical ASF distribution, which could be attributed to the secondary reactions, such as oligomerization, isomerization and aromatization, occurring on zeolite acid sites.
Further, a tunable isoparaffin/aromatic ratio in gasoline-range hydrocarbons is achieved by simply altering zeolite type (Supplementary Fig. 2). Under the same conditions, HZSM-5(27), HZSM-5(160) and HZSM-5(300) with MFI topology produced higher amount of aromatics (up to 61% of aromatics in gasoline fraction) while HMCM-22 with MWW topology produced mainly isoparaffins (46% of isoparaffins in gasoline fraction). This phenomenon has a close correlation with the topology of different zeolites. HMCM-22 zeolite with 10 MR pore openings has a unique lamellar structure consisting of two independent pore systems, which leads to HMCM-22 with potential catalytic properties in isomerization, alkylation and disproportionation25. In addition, the major aromatics produced over Na–Fe 3 O 4 /HZSM-5 catalyst, were identified to be toluene, xylene, ethyltoluene, trimethylbenzene and dimethyl ethylbenzene, while less benzene and durene formed (both <1% in gasoline) (Supplementary Table 4). Such aromatic product distribution is evidently different from that derived from MTG process. It will not need an extra separation process usually applied in MTG process due to the higher content of durene in gasoline.
Structural characterization
To reveal the nature of active sites that favors the formation of gasoline-range hydrocarbons, we resorted to multiple characterization techniques to investigate the structure of multifunctional catalyst. Na–Fe 3 O 4 catalysts was composed of nanosized Fe 3 O 4 with an average size of 13.1 nm, and the residual Na (0.7 wt%, determined by inductively coupled plasma (ICP)) was well distributed on the surface of Fe 3 O 4 nanoparticles, with no obvious segregation (Fig. 2a,b,e; Supplementary Figs 3 and 4e). HZSM-5(160) was highly crystalline and appeared to be cuboid crystals ranged from 200 to 500 nm (Supplementary Fig. 4). Characterization of high resolution transmission electron microscopy (HRTEM), X-ray diffraction (XRD) and Mössbauer spectra showed that two different types of iron phase were discerned in the spent Na–Fe 3 O 4 catalysts, with 32.4% of Fe 3 O 4 and 67.6% of χ-Fe 5 C 2 phases (Fig. 2c–f; Supplementary Table 5). Metallic iron is formed when Na–Fe 3 O 4 is reduced in H 2 prior to reaction (Supplementary Fig. 4c). Upon exposure of the catalyst to the reaction atmosphere, Fe 5 C 2 and Fe 3 O 4 are formed as a result of the interaction of metallic iron with carbon and oxygen species from the dissociated carbon oxides26. Appropriate proportion and arrangement of Fe 3 O 4 (active sites for RWGS) and Fe 5 C 2 (active sites for FTS)26, we speculated, is responsible for low CO selectivity (lower than 20%) with relatively high CO 2 conversion during CO 2 hydrogenation.
Figure 2: Structural characterization of Na–Fe 3 O 4 catalysts. (a,c) TEM images of fresh (a) and spent (c) Na–Fe 3 O 4 catalysts. Scale bar, 100 nm. (b,d) HRTEM images of fresh (b) and spent (d) Na–Fe 3 O 4 catalysts. Scale bar, 10 nm. (e) XRD patterns of fresh and spent Na–Fe 3 O 4 catalysts. (f) Mössbauer spectra of spent Na–Fe 3 O 4 catalysts. Full size image
Reaction scheme for CO 2 hydrogenation
In the basis of the results above, we propose a reaction scheme of CO 2 hydrogenation to hydrocarbons over Na–Fe 3 O 4 /Zeolite multifunctional catalyst as illustrated in Fig. 3. This scheme indicates that the multifunctional catalyst, with three types of active sites, exhibits complementary and compatible properties. During CO 2 hydrogenation, CO 2 is initially reduced to CO by H 2 via RWGS on Fe 3 O 4 sites, followed by a subsequent hydrogenation of CO to α-olefins via FTS on Fe 5 C 2 sites. The olefin intermediates generated on the iron-based catalyst then diffuse to zeolite acid sites, on which they undergo acid-catalysed reactions (oligomerization, isomerization and aromatization), as a consequence, the gasoline-range isoparaffins and aromatics are selectively formed and finally diffuse out of zeolite pores. Besides, CO 2 conversion and product selectivity could be modulated by varying the mass ratio of Na–Fe 3 O 4 relative to zeolite (Supplementary Fig. 5), which provides further support to the above hypothesis that Na–Fe 3 O 4 /Zeolite catalyst is multifunctional and the reaction involves intermediate migration among different active sites.
Figure 3: Reaction scheme for CO 2 hydrogenation to gasoline-range hydrocarbons. The CO 2 hydrogenation reaction over Na–Fe 3 O 4 /Zeolite multifunctional catalyst takes place in three steps: (1) an initially reduced to CO intermediate via RWGS, (2) a subsequent hydrogenation of CO to α-olefins intermediate via FTS and (3) the formation of gasoline-range hydrocarbons via the acid-catalysed oligomerization, isomerization and aromatization reactions. Full size image
Proximity effect in multifunctional catalysts
The proximity of the two components in multifunctional catalysts has been reported to exert significant influence on catalytic activity (refs 27, 28, 29). In our case, we found that it is also vital for selective conversion of CO 2 to hydrocarbons (Fig. 4a). When Na–Fe 3 O 4 and HZSM-5 were integrated by powder mixing, the closest proximity between iron-based sites and zeolite acid sites turned out to be detrimental, exhibiting a very low CO 2 conversion (13%) and high undesired CH 4 selectivity up to 60%. The reason, we speculated, is that the zeolite acid sites poison the Na-induced alkali sites on the Fe 3 O 4 surface, leading to a decrease in the surface basicity and carburization degree of Fe 3 O 4 catalysts. Likewise, another 2%Na–10%Fe/HZSM-5 catalyst with a close intimacy we prepared by an incipient wetness impregnation method as a comparison also presented a poor performance on CO 2 hydrogenation (Supplementary Table 3). When Na–Fe 3 O 4 and HZSM-5 were combined by granule mixing, the distance between iron-based and zeolite acid sites was enlarged, and the olefin intermediates formed on iron-based sites diffused through wide pores to zeolite, where they immediately underwent oligomerization, isomerization and aromatization reactions, giving rise to the highest C 5 –C 11 selectivity (73%) at a CO 2 conversion of 34%. It demonstrated an appropriate distance between iron-based and acid sites is critical for achieving excellent performance. With regard to dual-bed configuration, where HZSM-5 was packed below Na–Fe 3 O 4 and separated by a thin layer of inert quartz sand, the distance between iron-based and acid sites got larger. It exhibited a slightly lower C 5 –C 11 selectivity (67%) and the same CO 2 conversion as the manner of granule mixing.
Figure 4: CO 2 hydrogenation performance over the multifunctional catalysts with different proximity. (a) CO 2 conversion and product selectivity over different combinations of Na–Fe 3 O 4 and HZSM-5 catalysts conducted at the same reaction conditions as Fig. 1a; HCs: hydrocarbons. (b) The composition of gasoline-range hydrocarbons on different Na–Fe 3 O 4 /HZSM-5(160) composite catalysts. (c) The stability of the Na–Fe 3 O 4 /HZSM-5 catalyst with dual-bed configuration under the same reaction conditions as Fig. 1a. The hydrocarbon selectivities are normalized with the exception of CO. Full size image
$5.5 million! You've unlocked the Bengal carrier, added motion capture to Squadron 42 and earned the exclusive Record Breaker skin.
When we set out to crowd-fund Star Citizen we asked for two million dollars, the absolute minimum with which we thought we could build a solid game. And then we planned stretch goals so that we could include everything else we imagined. We expected three million, hoped for four million, dreamed of five million and so on. And the absolute top option, the impossible dream, was six million.
Six million was what it would take us to build the game we were imagining with all the bells and whistles we wanted included. Well, here we are with just over eight hours to go and that impossible goal where everything is unlocked is suddenly in sight. At six million you'll launch the game with 100 systems, a full orchestral score and a free copy of the first Squadron 42 mission disk, Behind Enemy Lines.
It's not as sexy as the carrier, for sure, but would certainly be pretty amazing if we met every one of our goals. So let's push this campaign all the way to the last minute. We can make this march!
TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi fought an increasingly bloody battle to hang on to power on Monday when protests against his 41-year rule struck the capital Tripoli after days of violence in the east.
Protesters wave a flag in this undated picture made available on Facebook, February 21, 2011. The image was purportedly taken recently in Benghazi. Reuters/Handout
Residents reported gunfire in parts of Tripoli and one political activist said warplanes had bombed the city. But state TV showed government supporters rallying and Gaddafi's son Saif al-Islam Gaddafi said warplanes had hit only ammunition dumps.
Forces loyal to Gaddafi had killed dozens of people across the country, human rights groups and witnesses said, prompting widespread condemnation from world leaders.
No independent verification of the reports was available and communications with Libya from outside were difficult.
But a picture emerged of a leader who has loomed large on the world stage for decades and controls vast reserves of oil fighting for survival. Brent crude prices hit $108 a barrel on fears the violence could disrupt supplies from Libya.
“What we are witnessing today is unimaginable. Warplanes and helicopters are indiscriminately bombing one area after another. There are many, many dead,” Adel Mohamed Saleh said in a live broadcast on al Jazeera television. “Anyone who moves, even if they are in their car, they will hit you.”
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said it was “time to stop this unnacceptable bloodshed” in Libya.
A group of army officers issued a statement urging fellow soldiers to “join the people” and help remove Gaddafi.
The justice minister resigned in protest at the “excessive use of violence” against protesters and diplomats at Libya's mission to the United Nations called on the Libyan army to help overthrow “the tyrant Muammar Gaddafi.”
Both Libya and Venezuela denied reports that Gaddafi had fled to the South American country ruled by his friend and fellow revolutionary President Hugo Chavez.
Libyan state television said Gaddafi would give a speech shortly.
Two Libyan fighter jets landed in Malta, their pilots defecting after they said they had been ordered to bomb protesters, Maltese government officials said.
An analyst for London-based consultancy Control Risks said the reported air strikes indicated the end was near for Gaddafi.
“These really seem to be last, desperate acts. If you're bombing your own capital, it's really hard to see how you can survive, “ its Middle East analyst Julien Barnes-Dacey said.
The demonstrations spread to Tripoli, on the Mediterranean Sea, after several cities in the east, including Benghazi, appeared to fall to the opposition, according to residents.
Human Rights Watch said at least 233 people had been killed in five days of violence, but opposition groups put the figure much higher.
PARLIAMENT BUILDING ON FIRE
A coalition of Libyan Muslim leaders told all Muslims it was their duty to rebel against the Libyan leadership because of its “bloody crimes against humanity.”
The building where the General People's Congress, or parliament, meets in Tripoli was on fire on Monday, as was a police station in an eastern suburb, witnesses said.
Al Jazeera television quoted medical sources as saying 61 people had been killed in the latest protests in Tripoli.
It said security forces were looting banks and other government institutions in Tripoli, and protesters had broken into several police stations and ransacked them.
Saif al-Islam said on Sunday his father would fight the revolt until “the last man standing.”
Some analysts suggested Libya was heading for civil war.
“I think what's going to happen is going to be much more chaotic than what we saw in Egypt or Tunisia. Gaddafi and his sons don't have anywhere else to go ... They are going to fight,” said North Africa analyst Geoff Porter, contributor to political risk consultancy Wikistrat.
Output at one of Libya's oil fields was reported to have been stopped by a workers' strike and some European oil companies withdrew expatriate workers and suspended operations. Most of Libya's oil fields are in the east, south of Benghazi.
Anti-government protests have also broken out in the central town of Ras Lanuf, the site of an oil refinery and petrochemical complex, Libya's Quryna newspaper said on its website on Monday. Libyan guards have withdrawn from their side of the border with Egypt and people's committees were now in control of the crossing, the Egyptian army said, without making if clear if the groups now in control of the border were loyal to Gaddafi.
PROTESTERS CONTROL BENGHAZI
Gaddafi supporters were in central Tripoli's Green Square on Monday, waving flags and carrying his portrait, Libyan state TV said.
The anger unleashed after four decades of rule by Gaddafi mirrors events in Egypt where a popular revolt overthrew the seemingly impregnable President Hosni Mubarak 10 days ago.
In Benghazi, cradle of the uprising, protesters appeared to be largely in control after clashes with troops and police in which dozens of civilians were killed.
Slideshow (20 Images)
Salahuddin Abdullah, a self-described protest organizer, said: “In Benghazi there is celebration and euphoria ... The city is no longer under military control. It is completely under demonstrators' control.”
At least nine towns in the east were under the control of protesters loyal to tribal groups, the president of the International Federation for Human Rights in France said.
Libya is Africa's fourth biggest oil exporter, producing 1.6 million barrels a day.
Start your Monday off right as Chris brings you the ‘Monday Creative Boost', a look at his top 15 most inspiring design related items of the week. This week, your host Chris will be showcasing his favourite package designs, enjoys!
They say ‘Never go to the market hungry.' That's very apt advice given that package designs can be just so darned tantalizing these days. Here are just a few of the more interesting designs that have crossed my path over the past few months.
15. Scholz & Friends | Festina Watches
14. Alexandra Istratova | Kiss – Puree
13. Naoto Fukasawa | Fruit Juice
12. Spine Vodka
11. Meat Gift Wrap
10. Nike Air
9. Scanwood
8. Poilu Brushes
7. firefighter Vodka
6. The Reel Catch | Fish Market
5. Mighty Nuts
4. Aqua Carpatica
3. Treviso | Alberto Cafara
2. Donut Monster
1. TeaPee
This article is about the board game pioneer. For the company that he founded, see Milton Bradley Company . For other uses, see Milton Bradley (disambiguation)
Milton Bradley (November 8, 1836 – May 30, 1911) was an American business magnate, game pioneer and publisher, credited by many with launching the board game industry, with the Milton Bradley Company.
Biography [ edit ]
Born in Vienna, Maine in 1836, to Lewis and Fannie (Lyford) Bradley,[1] Bradley grew up in a working-class household in Lowell, Massachusetts after the family moved there in 1847.[2] After completing high school in 1854 he found work as a draftsman and patent agent before enrolling at the Lawrence Scientific School in Cambridge, Massachusetts. He was unable to finish his studies after moving with his family to Hartford, Connecticut, where he could not find gainful employment.[2] In 1856, he left home and got a job in the locomotive works of the Blanchard & Kimball (later Bemis & Company) in Springfield, Massachusetts.[citation needed]
After the company was shuttered during the recession of 1858, he entered business for himself as a mechanical draftsman and patent agent. In 1859, Bradley went to Providence, Rhode Island to learn lithography and in 1860, he set up the first color lithography shop in Springfield, Massachusetts. He moved forward with an idea he had for a board game which he called The Checkered Game of Life, an early version of what later became The Game of Life.[1]
The Checkered Game of Life: The launch of the Milton Bradley Company [ edit ]
1872 advertisement
Bradley's ventures into the production of board games began with a large failure in his lithograph business. When he printed and sold an image of the little-known Republican presidential nominee Abraham Lincoln, Bradley initially met with great success.[3] But a customer demanded his money back because the picture was not an accurate representation—Lincoln had decided to grow his distinctive beard after Bradley's print was published. Suddenly, the prints were worthless, and Bradley burned those remaining in his possession.[4] Looking for a lucrative alternate project, Bradley found inspiration from an imported board game a friend gave him, concluding that he could produce and market a similar game to American consumers. In the winter of 1860, Bradley released The Checkered Game of Life.[citation needed]
The game proved an instant success. Bradley personally sold his first run of several hundred copies in a two-day visit to New York; by 1861, consumers had bought more than 45,000 copies. The Checkered Game of Life followed a structure similar to its American and British predecessors, with players spinning a teetotum to advance to squares representing social virtues and vices, such as "influence" or "poverty", with the former earning a player points and the latter retarding his progress. But even the most seemingly secure positions, like "Fat Office", held dangers – "Prison", "Ruin", and "Suicide".[5] The first player to accumulate 100 points won the game.
The Checkered Game of Life. The original game board of
While the structure of play in The Checkered Game of Life differed little from previous board games, Bradley's game embraced a radically different concept of success. Earlier games, such as the popular Mansion of Happiness created in Puritan Massachusetts, focused entirely on promoting moral virtue. Bradley defined success in secular business terms, depicting life as a quest for accomplishment with personal virtues as a means to that end. This complemented America's burgeoning fascination with obtaining wealth, and with "the causal relationship between character and wealth," in the years following the Civil War. The game—and later board games produced by the Milton Bradley Company—also fit the nation's increasing amount of leisure time, leading to great financial success for the company.[6]
Through the 20th century the company he founded in 1860, Milton Bradley Company, dominated the production of American games, including The Game of Life, Easy Money, Candy Land, Operation, and Battleship. The company is now a subsidiary of Pawtucket, Rhode Island–based firm Hasbro.
Final years [ edit ]
Bradley published tracts and pamphlets on Friedrich Fröbel's kindergarten system. His company produced two magazines, Kindergarten News (later Kindergarten Review), and Work and Play. Neither was profitable, and Bradley's business partners withdrew their support, but Bradley persevered, publishing both magazines until the end of his life. His friend George Tapley bought out the partner's shares so that Bradley could continue manufacturing educational materials.
By the 1890s, the Milton Bradley Company had introduced the first standardized watercolor sets, and educational games such as Bradley's Word Builder and Bradley's Sentence Builder. Bradley was also the first to release crayon packages with standardized colors, a forerunner of the Binney & Smith company's Crayola crayons and Artista art supplies. Bradley's interest in art education also led him to produce a new color wheel and publish four books about teaching colors.[citation needed]
Personal life [ edit ]
In 1860, Bradley married Vilona Eaton. They had no children and she died in 1867.[7] In 1869, he married his second wife, Ellen Thayer.[1] Bradley and Ellen had two daughters.[citation needed] Milton Bradley died on May 30, 1911 in Springfield, Massachusetts, at age 74.[1]
He was buried in Springfield Cemetery in a family plot alongside his father Lewis (1810 - 1890), his mother Fanny (1813 - 1872), and his first wife Vilona. His second wife Ellen was buried there after her death in 1918.
In 2004, he was posthumously inducted into the Toy Industry Hall of Fame along with George Ditomassi of Milton Bradley Company.[8]
In 2006, Bradley was posthumously inducted into the National Inventors Hall of Fame.[9]
Books and patents [ edit ]
Books [ edit ]
Color in the Schoolroom, 1890
1890 Color in the Kindergarten, 1893
1893 Elementary Color, 1895
1895 Water Colors in the Schoolroom, 1900
1900 Bradley published a set of rules to play croquet in 1866 written by an author using the pseudonym Prof. A Rover.[10]
Patents and inventions [ edit ]
References in contemporary culture [ edit ]
The story of Milton Bradley and The Checkered Game of Life is featured as one of the segments in Season 3, Episode 6 of Comedy Central's show Drunk History.
Always check posted signs and pay stations for enforcement information as enforcement times vary from area to area. City of Austin parking meters are not enforced or turned on the following days: New Year's Day, Labor Day, July 4th, Thanksgiving Day, and Christmas Day. Additionally, while the meters may remain turned on, the City does not enforce parking meters on days that are official City of Austin holidays.
Parking meters in the downtown area (IH-35 to Lamar Boulevard, and Lady Bird Lake to 10th Street) operate during the following times:
Monday and Tuesday - 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Wednesday through Friday - 8 a.m. to 12 midnight
Saturday, 11 a.m. to 12 midnight.
On-street parking meters in the area near Barton Springs Road and South Lamar, including Toomey Road, Lee Barton Drive and others, are enforced Monday through Saturday from 8 a.m. to midnight.
IH-35 to Chicon from East 4th Street to East 7th Street is enforced Tuesday through Saturday from 6 p.m. to midnight with the exception of East 5th Street from IH-35 to Waller, Brushy Street, San Marcos Street, and Waller Street which are enforced during the following times:
Updated 10/27/2015: While Audi already dropped official details on the R8 E-tron, this is the first time the new car was caught in action at the Nurbrugring race track. You have to admit that its blue exterior color looks stunning, and that orange light around the “sideblades” is also a nice detail.
As expected, the R8 e-tron is one of the quickest EVs out there. What's surprising though is that it can perform extremely well in the range department. How well, you may ask? Let's say that the Tesla Model S needs a small range update next time Elon Musk rolls out a new upgrade. But you're going to have to check out the review below for more info on that.
The big news comes straight from the 2015 Geneva Motor Show, where Audi showcased an all-electric supercar alongside the redesigned, second-generation R8. At first glance, the e-tron model is an R8 with the stock V-10 drivetrain swapped out for a pair of electric motors and their associated batteries, but this German-built EV with supercar credentials is more than that. And with zero emissions emanating from a non-existent tailpipe, the R8 e-tron represents a big step forward for green racing tech.
Audi has teased the idea of an electric version of its R8 supercar on more than one occasion. First we had the e-tron concept at the Frankfurt Motor Show in 2009, which then made a debut at the 2010 Detroit Auto Show. Audi even went as far as to put its creation around the Nürburgring for a record-setting 8:09.099 minute lap time. Now, finally, it looks like the R8 e-tron is set to make it to showrooms worldwide.
Spy Shots
October 27, 2015 - Audi R8 E-tron testing at Nurburgring
Exterior
The front fascia misses the standard grille and the side intakes now feature five horizontal slats that change the R8's appearance quite dramatically
Aesthetically, there isn't much to discern between the e-tron and regular petrol versions of the R8. The large front air dam and intakes are made redundant without an internal combustion powerplant, but are still useful for cooling the brakes and battery packs. The signature Audi LED daytime running lights sit up front, and the whole body has been smoothed for a low drag coefficient. Out back, you'll notice a complete lack of exhaust.
Take a closer look, however, and you'll notice the front fascia misses the standard honeycomb grille mesh and that the side intakes now feature five horizontal slats that change the R8's appearance quite dramatically. The same modification can be seen around back, under the taillights, while the race-like diffuser has been replaced by a smaller piece. A larger spoiler sits above the fascia for increased aerodynamics. Lastly, there are mildly revised side intakes and a new set of wheels, the latter developed for reduced aerodynamic drag.
Length 4,431 mm (14.54 ft) Width 2,029 mm (6.66 ft) Height 1,252 mm (4.11 ft) Wheelbase 2,650 mm (8.69 ft)
Interior
*Standard R8 interior shown here
Audi has yet to publish photos of the e-tron's interior, but it should come with the same driver focused cabin and luxury-laden trim that you'll find in the petrol-spec R8. Expect leather upholstery upon highly bolstered sport seats, large gauges for road speed and charge levels, high-end infotainment, and a large assortment of gadgets and features. We expect the option list to be slightly lacking compared to other Audi models, given the niche fit that the e-tron will represent.
Drivetrain
The real breakthrough the e-tron, however, is its range. The Germans claim the all-electric R8 can travel approximately 280 miles on a single charge, compared to the 134-mile range of the previous car
This is where the R8 e-tron really shines, more so when compared to the previous car that never made it into production. Motivated bu two electric motors powered by a large, T-shaped, 49-kWh battery, the R8 e-tron boasts 455 horsepower and a whopping 679 pound-feet of torque, a massive 225-pony increase over the concept car. The electric supercar needs 3.9 seconds to hit 62 mph from a standing start, while its top speed is electronically limited at 155 mph. The drivetrain uses an electromechanical brake system for high energy recuperation rates and targeted torque vectoring for increased stability.
The real breakthrough the e-tron, however, is its range. The Germans claim the all-electric R8 can travel approximately 280 miles on a single charge, compared to the 134-mile range of the previous car, which puts it on par with the Tesla Model S.
But the R8 e-tron isn't just about power and speed. Audi focused on reducing its aerodynamic drag coefficient as well by making certain modifications to the outer shell and on the wheels. Now at 0.28, the low aerodynamic drag coefficient plays a key role in the car's fantastic range and performance. What's more, charging can take as little as two hours using a rapid charging point thanks to its Combined Charging System (CSS) which allows charging with direct and alternating current.
Drivetrain Specifications
Type Electric Output 455 Hp Maximum torque 678 LB-FT 0 to 62mph 3.9 Seconds Top speed 130 MPH or 155 MPH Electric range 280 miles
Prices
The regular R8 will cost you $115,900, and we'd expect the e-tron model to bump that up another $140k or so, especially considering the enormously long development time. Who said saving the planet would be cheap? The R8 e-tron will go on sale by the end of 2015.
Competition
While the i8 is a hybrid, rather than full-on EV, it represents a decent competitor to the Audi R8 e-tron as an environmentally conscious sports car in the six-figure price range. We think the i8 looks awesome, drawing inspiration from the BMW's other supercar from the late-70s, the M1. Made of aluminum and carbon fiber-reinforced plastic (CFRP), the i8 tips the scales under 3,285 pounds.
Sitting behind the 2+2 seating arrangement is a 1.5-liter three-cylinder engine, while up front is an electric motor. When these engines combine output, the result is 362 horsepower and 420 pound-feet of torque. Total EV-only range is only 22 miles, but it'll hit sixty mph in 4.4 seconds and charge onto a 160 mph top speed. The interior is trimmed in leather tanned with olive oil extract, and there's a host of technology to play with, like multiple drive modes, real-time traffic information, and Bluetooth smartphone integration.
Read more about the BMW i8 here.
The 2015 Tesla Model S is basically unchanged from last year... Well, except for the 691-horsepower P85D model!
The standard for electric sporting intent, the Tesla Model S is much cheaper than the speculative price for the Audi R8 e-tron. However, it's also quite a bit slower, taking 5.9 seconds to reach 60 mph, with a top speed of 120 mph. However, anyone looking to up their performance can step into the all-wheel-drive model, which shaves .2 seconds from the 0-to-60 time and adds five mph to the top speed, not to mention offers substantially improved grip.
We'd venture that the Tesla is far less nimble in the corners compared to the R8 e-tron as well. Still, it's a fantastic car, with a gorgeous four-door coupe exterior, a large control screen that dominates the center console, and a semi-autonomous drive system that can detect road signs and nearby cars via optical sensors and 360-degree sonar. When it comes to electric performance, the Tesla S is still the car to beat.
Read more about the Tesla Model S here.
Conclusion
It's been a long time coming, and while the excitement around the R8 e-tron built up, then died out, built up again, and squelched once more, it looks like we can actually get one of these cars out on the road. What's more, Audi's all-electric supercar exceeds all expectations in the performance department, becoming the only true competitor for the Tesla Model S in terms of range and acceleration and speed. Sure, the R8 misses two doors and five seats, but I have a feeling this supercar is only the first member of a large e-tron family that's set to arrive over the next few years.
Love it Impressive range and performance No emissions 8:09 Nürburgring time
Leave it High price Hugely long development time
Update History
Updated 03/02/2015: Next to the standard R8, Audi finally unveiled the first details on the R8 e-tron version - and announced the model will be available for order later in 2015.
Updated 06/29/2012: Even though the Audi R8 e-tron hasn't officially been launched yet, it is already a world record breaker. With a lap time of 8:09.099 minutes, the R8 e-tron has just become the fastest production vehicle with an electric drive system around the Nurburgring. The car was driven to success by racing driver Markus Winkelhock.
"The R8 e-tron has given a magnificent demonstration of its potential on the toughest race track in the world," said Michael Dick, Audi AG Board Member for Technical Development. Dick, who completed a fast lap himself in the R8 e-tron, added: "The record-setting drive confirmed that we are on the right track. To us, electric mobility has never been about sacrifice, but rather is about emotion, sportiness and driving pleasure."
Updated 08/07/2012: It's been a little over a month since the Audi R8 e-Tron lapped the Nurburgring in record time (see previous update), but Audi has just released the video of the epic achievement. Check out Markus Winkelhock and the Audi R8 e-Tron as the record is created by clicking on the image above.
[Haskell-cafe] New GHC Features for 7.10.1 and Beyond
There's been lots of exciting work going into the forthcoming GHC 7.8.1 release. But even with all these new features, our language is far from complete and I wouldn't want the GHC team to rest on their laurels. Especially with so much renewed community involvement in GHC development, it seems appropriate to share some ideas some of us have been discussing for future releases, and take a poll of community consensus regarding which ones people might be excited to jump in and help out with, or might find particularly helpful. One important area that needs work is exceptions. These are famously difficult, and many libraries have been written to provide checked exceptions, or unify error and exceptions in various ways. It seems to me that the problem, all along, has been that we've decided to give Haskell _imprecise exceptions_ with special semantics. It would alleviate a great deal of confusion if we implemented a -fprecise-exceptions flag that remedied this. Additionally, while we have long known that Haskell is not a "lazy" language but a "non-strict" one, our leading compiler only rarely takes advantage of this. It is well known that for every program there is a reduction strategy that preserves non-strict semantics while using as few reductions as possible. This is known as the "optimal reduction" strategy, and it is calculable and well understood. We should put some work into a -foptimal-reduction flag. Another important area of research is quantum computation. The D-Wave Two, with 512 qbits, is a commercially available quantum computer now deployed in a few leading institutions. As more and more people begin to purchase D-Wave systems for home hacking, every language worth its salt will need to be able to target this system. Now that cross compilation is more fully supported, it would be good to start putting work into a dwave backend. We've also seen a lot of interest in distribution and cloud computing. From the articles I've read, efficient concurrent programming involves using node.js, so I think we should put some work into writing a new-new-new-IO Manager built on top of this technology. Furthermore, it's ridiculous that while Haskell allows simple concurrent and distributed programming, it offers no simple way to set up a distributed environment. Work should be put into a compiler mode that provisions cloud resources automatically and distributes the target binary among them, with a flag such as: -fvia-s3 _credit_card_number_ There are a few cases where a good idea in GHC can be taken further, and I don't know why we haven't tried already. For example, we've found that despite introducing some occasional problems, the state hack also has drastically improved performance. Since it works so well, we should provide a dual to -fno-state-hack, -fmore-state-hack, for those who really need every last drop of performance. Similarly, now we have type holes that let us see what types should be inserted in various spots. -fvalue-holes is the next logical step, to tell us what terms we should be writing. Also, while we've put so much emphasis on correctness, we've also loosened the bolts optionally the other way, with flags such as -XIncoherentInstances. Along the same lines, I would like to introduce -XImpossibleInstances to let us express such useful things as "instance Int String," "instance IO Comonad," and "instance data if". -fdefer-type-errors allows us to defer type errors to runtime. Having spent some time with JavaScript lately, I think this doesn't go nearly far enough. It would be good to run programs with other sorts of problems as well, for educational purposes and for quick hacking. So work should be put into a -fdefer-scope-errors flag, as well as -fon-error-resume-next, which has done wonders for the resilience of Visual Basic code (see also the wildly useful ability to set the top level error handler in PHP). With all these features put together, we have a powerful new way to approach Haskell programming, and it would be good to enable them by default on .ilhs files (illiterate haskell). It also was pointed out to me recently by Jason Dagit that while we have had debates and confusion over closed and open type families and functions for years, topologists have solved this problem elegantly. With some basic point set topology under one's belt, a -XClopenTypeFamilies extension seems almost trivial to implement. Finally, I'm very sorry to see that my proposal for youtube syntax has languished, and I hope it can be revived: http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/2012-April/100527.html HTH HAND, Gershom -------------- next part -------------- An HTML attachment was scrubbed... URL: <http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20140401/403f62ad/attachment.html>
Why Janice Turned Into A Recurring Character On Friends By Corey Chichizola Random Article Blend Sitcom television is a funny thing. Despite being relatively inexpensive to make and somewhat archetypal in nature, they can appeal to wide audiences and become iconic for their time period. Friends is one of the most quintessential 90's pop culture icons of the decade. The series ran for an outstanding 10 seasons and catapulted the starring cast into A-list stardom while they united to increase their pay and rake in the bucks. Friends is so iconic and successful that even the guest actors and source of ongoing jokes are utterly quotable and cemented in history. Case in point: Janice and her trademark laugh. Janice was the ex-girlfriend of both Chandler and Ross and would appear semi-regularly throughout the show's long tenure. Maggie Wheeler, the actress who played Janice, recently opened up Uproxx as to how she managed to continue returning the show season after season. Apparently, it was all in the ridiculous laugh she invented in order not to laugh at Matthew Perry's comedic brilliance ons set: I needed a safety net because he was hilarious and he's likely to do things in the middle of the scene that will crack you up so I thought, oh my God, I need somewhere to go if Matthew is going to make me laugh. That's how that was born. It was so profoundly annoying they had to bring me back. Janice's laugh, as well as her signature opening like "Oh my god!", are the two most iconic aspects of the character. Maggie Wheeler has only recently revealed that she made Janice's laugh to cover her actual joy on set. Matthew Perry's performance as Chandler usually sets the live audience and home viewer into giggles, and Wheeler had the difficult job of keeping it together while Mr. Bing bugged out and attempted joke after joke. Cue the laugh of death. As a reminder of Janice's brilliance, check out this phenomenal montage her on screen laughs. I dare you to get through it without laughing yourself. Janice and Maggie Wheeler are both national treasures Personally, I'm glad that Maggie Wheeler had such a hard time getting through takes with Matthew Perry, as Janice is probably my favorite Friends character besides the main six. In addition to the various tribulations that Chandler and Janice had during their relationship (remember when he flew to Yemen to break up with her?), she would also show up at the most inopportune moments in the main cast's life, like when Rachel was in labor and when Monica and Chandler were at the fertility clinic. Janice would suddenly appear and scream "Oh My God", sending the live audience into hysterics. But her appearances would also usually make the Friends realize something about themselves and move them forward, making her a fairly critical character in the show's overall narrative. Which Janice appearance is your favorite? Sounds off in the comments below. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
AN INCREASED GARDA presence to deal with “aggressive and organised begging” is one of several recommendations to help improve trading for Dublin's food-service businesses.
A report prepared for Dublin City Council, which was presented to councillors on Monday, found begging to be a “significant” issue highlighted by the café and restaurant sector.
It added that the persistence of beggars on Dublin streets posed a “major threat” to the comfort and security of customers using outdoor seating.
The report suggested “increased garda presence acts as a deterrent to anti-social behaviour, petty crime and aggressive and organised begging”.
Fianna Fáil councillor Paul McAuliffe, who oversaw the report, said begging was a common issue raised by those from the café and restaurant sector.
Organisations that participated in the consultation included representatives from the Restaurants Association Ireland, the Temple Bar Company, Dublin Town and Fáilte Ireland.
The recommendations were also based on feedback from Dublin cafés and restaurants such as The Bakehouse, Queen of Tarts, Fumbally Café, Woodstock Café, Boxty House and Lovely Food Company.
Source: PA Archive/PA Images
Recommendations
The report on the café and restaurants sector was produced to help identify issues holding back the sector from playing an increased role in the economic life of the city.
Dublin Town chief executive Richard Guiney said cafés and restaurants are an “important pillar” of encouraging people to shop in the city centre.
He added that cafés staying open longer into the evening would also foster more evening shopping and help Dublin shops to combat the threat of online retailers.
Some other recommendations from the report included:
Removing the requirement for tables and chairs to be cleared via the usual planning approval process
Examining the feasibility of reducing licence fees for table and chairs outside premises
Exempting benches from outdoor furniture licence and planning application
Increasing coordination with cafés for forthcoming events
McAuliffe said the strict planning requirements for tables and chairs outside cafés, set by national legislation, was commonly noted as a big issue by businesses in the sector.
“If you want to put out four chairs and a table you have to go through a process that is equivalent to planning permission, but you can build a 400 sq ft extension on the back of your house and be exempt from planning.
“The national legislation doesn't allow us to have that flexibility to have chairs and tables outside on streets in Dublin. The fact that tables and chairs on a city street are regulated by national legislation is preposterous.
“The report recommends there should be a change in national legislation. I know we have a centralised governance system in Ireland, but really, should national legislation be regulating tables and chairs in a city, it's crazy.”
The report will be considered again at a Dublin City Council meeting in April and, if approved, the recommendations for the café and restaurant sector will be included in the 2017 Action Plan of the Dublin City Local Economic and Community Plan.
Written by Killian Woods and posted on Fora.ie
A report commissioned by the Nova Scotia government says awareness of the province among some global business people is "virtually non-existent."
It says many business people found that their interactions with global business partners almost always necessitated an explanation of where Nova Scotia is and why they were doing business in the province.
Quoting an interviewee, the report says: "I think the overwhelming phrase is 'Where is it?' and 'What are they doing up there other than fishing?'"
Story continues below advertisement
The report was commissioned by Communications Nova Scotia for Nova Scotia Business Inc. and obtained by The Canadian Press through access to information legislation. It says the province often does not pass an initial "on paper" evaluation, especially for site selectors, that includes factors like market size, infrastructure and taxes.
But the report also says business people believe Nova Scotia has great potential, with an almost unwavering belief in the success of the businesses that have found their way to the province.
Laurel Broten, president and CEO of the arms-length Crown corporation Nova Scotia Business Inc., said the report's findings were not surprising.
"Is it tough to understand and accept some of the findings where it shows how much work we have ahead of us to put Nova Scotia on a global map? Of course it is," Ms. Broten said in a recent interview.
She said Nova Scotia has many exportable products that are marketed on a global scale, such as seafood, but international businesses don't always know that the product came from Nova Scotia. The business development agency is trying to boost awareness of the province by talking to those businesses and site selectors directly, she said.
Ms. Broten said her team tries to highlight the region's advantages, such as Halifax's international shipping port, the high quality of life and collaboration among key business leaders in the small province.
"We have to work hard to make sure we get on the radar screen of decision makers," said Ms. Broten.
The UK Border Agency has rejected a call by prison inspectors to stop using force on pregnant women and children it is trying to remove from the UK, according to an internal government document seen by the Guardian.
The document contains UKBA's response to recommendations for improvement at the government's new child detention facility, Cedars, near Gatwick airport, by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Prisons.
Inspectors said force should never be used to effect the removal of pregnant women or children but UKBA has written "reject" alongside this recommendation, saying that without it removals could be delayed, leading families to strengthen their ties with the UK.
They add that physical intervention could also not be ruled out with children and that "the adoption of new techniques for use on children are under consideration".
The HMIP report contained much praise for Cedars, describing it as "an exceptional facility [which] has many practices which should be replicated in other areas of detention." However, there are criticisms too, particularly about force used against pregnant women and children. The inspectors highlighted a particular incident in which a pregnant woman had her wheelchair tipped up and her feet held by G4S when she resisted the "substantial force" they applied to her.
However the inspectors added that the woman's husband had been disruptive the night before the planned removal, he had been pushing and kicking doors and causing some damage. Inspectors found that force had been used on six of the 39 families who had been in the detention facility by the time of the inspection.
The Guardian has obtained a 17-page, handwritten complaint from the pregnant woman in the wheelchair about her treatment prior to and during removal. She was unable to lodge a complaint before she, her husband and young son were forced on to a plane but managed to send the letter after being returned to her home country.
The letter states: "The … woman from G4S pressed my belly. I cried from pain. I said: 'you hurt my belly, you hurt my baby' she refused to stop. They began to drag me from wheelchair to floor, from floor to wheelchair. I was resisting. They were like animals. I was dragged through corridors, I was dragged like a dog."
The woman claimed three or four G4S men in helmets, holding riot shields, jumped on her husband "like my husband was a terrorist" and that he too was treated like a dog. She said her body was covered in bruises after the incident.
G4S said: "In this incident our staff were concerned that the woman risked causing self-harm." The Guardian has also learned of another incident in which a pregnant woman miscarried at the airport shortly before she was due to be put on a plane. It is understood that force was not used against her although she was separated from her husband during part of her stay at Cedars, which caused her great distress. It is understood that both pregnant women reported that they were bleeding hours before they were due to be removed. In the case of the woman in the wheelchair an independent doctor warned that putting the woman on the plane without adequate monitoring while she was bleeding could lead to premature labour and ruptured membranes.
HMIP made 27 recommendations for improvement after an inspection little more than six months after Cedars opened in September 2011. The UKBA response document, referred to as a service improvement plan, received ministerial backing on 21 December last year.
UKBA has rejected four of the recommendations. Officials are refusing to delay the removal of detainees who allege assault during removal when the assault is backed by medical evidence. They say complaints can be investigated after the detainee has been deported.
In practice such investigations are likely to be extremely difficult to conduct as some detainees are arrested and detained on return home. Others go underground and are unable to maintain phone or email contact with the UK.
Medical Justice, a charity supporting people in immigration detention and investigates health abuses there, is conducting research into the treatment of pregnant women detainees.
Its co-ordinator, Emma Mlotshwa, said: "UKBA has sanctioned violence against children, pregnant women and their unborn babies. Though they have outsourced this abuse to their private contractors G4S and Reliance, UKBA are ultimately responsible for it.."
The Refugee Children's Consortium said: "We are appalled that the Border Agency continues to use physical force against children and pregnant women when removing them from the UK, despite the grave concerns raised by the Prisons Inspectorate.
"It is clear that current safeguards are not working. Our members have received disturbing reports of force being used against parents and children by G4S and Reliance staff in the course of the family returns process. It is very troubling that the Border Agency has failed to produce a published policy on the use of force against children, despite this new detention facility for families having opened well over a year ago."
An HMIP spokeswoman said: "Where recommendations are not accepted and the facts have not changed, we will repeat the inspection until progress has been made. We have made it clear that, in our view, even a minimal level of force can quickly escalate and so force should never be used against vulnerable groups to gain compliance but only to prevent harm."
A UKBA spokesperson said: "Where we and the courts have found a family is not in genuine need of asylum we expect them to return home voluntarily. We do everything possible to help them go home including offering assistance once they are back in their home country.
Where a family refuses to accept that support, our last resort is an enforced return. We are committed to treating everyone in our care with dignity and respect and we take advice from our independent family returns panel on every case."
Image caption Mr Netanyahu wants international powers to keep up the pressure on Iran
It would be a "historic mistake" to ease pressure on Iran over its nuclear programme right now, according to Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu.
Opening parliament's winter session, Mr Netanyahu said Israel must "keep up the pressure" on Iran, "particularly at this moment".
His speech came on the eve of nuclear talks in Geneva between Iran and international negotiators.
Iran's foreign minister said he hoped a "roadmap" could be reached.
"Tomorrow is the start of a difficult and relatively time-consuming way forward," Mohammad Javad Zarif posted on his Facebook page.
"I am hopeful that by Wednesday we can reach agreement on a roadmap to find a path towards resolution."
Deputy Foreign Minister Abbas Araqchi will represent Iran at the talks, holding discussions with representatives of the P5+1 group, made up of Britain, China, France, Russia and the US plus Germany.
These are the first such talks since Iranian President Hassan Rouhani took office in August.
Mr Rouhani is seen as more moderate than his predecessor Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, which has raised hopes that a deal can be reached.
Maintaining the pressure
Mr Netanyahu told Israel's parliamentarians - among them some of Iran's fiercest critics - that any move to let up on the Iranian government would only strengthen its "uncompromising elements", and supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei "will be perceived as the winner".
In reference to the current international sanctions against Iran, he said it would be "a historical mistake to lift the sanctions, just before they are really effective".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Israel's Minister of Strategic Affairs, Yuval Steinitz: "What they [Iran] have in mind is far beyond influencing the Gulf of the Middle East"
Mr Netanyahu's comments were backed up by intelligence minister Yuval Steinitz, who called on the main powers in the Geneva talks to maintain pressure on Iran.
Mr Steinitz said it was the effect of sanctions, and the subsequent fact the "Iranian economy is in very bad shape", that was driving the Iranians to come to the talks.
"The dilemma will be crystal clear to them - that if they want to save their economy, they need to give up their nuclear project," he said.
But in the US - which has also shown a tough stance against lifting sanctions on Iran - nine leading senators said they were open to the idea of suspending new sanctions if Tehran took significant steps to slow its nuclear programme.
In a letter to President Barack Obama, the senators - both Democrats and Republicans - said the US should consider a plan of "suspension for suspension", in which Iran would suspend its nuclear enrichment programme and Washington would suspend new sanctions.
But the senators - who include the influential Republicans John McCain and Lindsey Graham - emphasised that, in the meantime, the threat of military force should remain, and pressure should be kept up against Iran.
Sanctions and stockpiles
Western nations believe Iran's uranium enrichment programme is covertly meant to achieve a nuclear arms capability.
Tehran denies this, saying it wants only to master nuclear technology to generate electricity and carry out medical research.
Iran has been negotiating with the P5+1 group since 2006, because it wants UN sanctions against it to be lifted.
Western negotiators have demanded that Iran halt the production and stockpiling of uranium enriched to 20% - a step away from achieving a nuclear weapons capability.
They also want Iran to send some of its stockpiles abroad, and shut down the Fordo production site near Qom where most of the higher-grade enrichment work is done.
But Mr Araqchi insisted on Sunday that there could be no question of Iran relinquishing its stockpiles of enriched uranium.
"We will not allow even a gram of uranium to go out of the country," he said, quoted on the website of Iranian state TV.
President Rouhani has said he wants to reach a deal on the nuclear dispute within three to six months.
Kid, how have you grown? The amazing progress of computer vision in recent years.
You probably know that Computers can find images in other images, or can detect faces or lane markers and road signs. But did you know that (only) since a few years computers already know what they are actually looking at?
It seems xkcd does not know about large-scale deep neural networks...
The recently completed ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge 2014 shows some amazing progress. In boring terms, the overall goal of the ILSVRC 2014 contest is to estimate the content of photographs. But what we're here actually having here is some kind of world championship for computer vision. “Robots” (or more exactly: their algorithms) compete against each other to find out who “sees” best.
The contest has three categories, with increasing difficulty:
1. Image classification
Given an image, tell me what you see on it. The image has one major item on it, e. g. a zucchini. For each image, robots produce a list of objects (they think are) present in the image. The quality of a labeling is evaluated based on the label that best matches the original (human created) label for the image.
2. Object level annotation: Single Object localization
Same as Image classification, with the additional requirement that the location of the object must also be determined correctly via a bounding box.
3. Object level annotation:Object detection
Same as Single Object localization, but with multiple object categories in the image.
In other words: Tell me all that you see on the image and on what position. Also, an image can have multiple occurrences.
The difference between Image classification, Single Object localization and Object detection
The dataset
Constructing a dataset with over 1000 categories and more than a million annotated images for this contest in a challenge of its own, see From Abacus to Zucchini: What Robots Learn in Kindergarten.
For this post, lets focus on image classification.
The improvements and current status
The contest runs since 2010 and we have seen an amazing improvement over the years. The the strong drop in classification errors during ILSVRC2012 was a turning point for large-scale object recognition. It was when large-scale deep neural networks entered the scene.
Image classification progress 2010-2014\. Note the drop in errors in 2012.
So where are we now? As often, a picture is worth a thousand words - so look at this:
The easiest and hardest classes of objects in 2014.
For image classification, it turns out that mammals like “red fox” and animals with distinctive structures like “stingray” have a 100% recognition rate! And that includes obscure dog breeds like “schipperke”. The hardest classes in the image classification task include small objects,such as “hook” and “water bottle”. And, not surprisingly, highly varied scenes such as “restaurant.”
In general, robots still struggle with images that contain multiple objects, images of extreme closeups and uncharacteristic views, images with filters/distortions, images that significantly benefit from the ability to read text, images that contain very small and thin objects and images with abstract representations.
Humans, on the other hand, have their own set of challenges:
How about human vision?
In the image classification contest two humans competed against the robots. Just like the robots, the humans were trained with the test images and had then to compete in correctly labeling the contest image, using a web interface.
The result:
1. Labeling errors, humans: 5.1%
2. Labeling error, the best robot: 6.7%
So humans won! - but only with a small margin. If the progress continues it will not before long that computer vision gets its Deep Fritz moment, and robots overtake humans.
Where robots already win: Images that require fine grained recognition/classification. Or did you recognize the schipperke (small Belgian breed of dog)?
Good news for humans = Difficult images for robots. Each image shows the correct label (blue) and the what the robots thought it is (red).
So to come back to xckd: “…and check whether the image is of bird”? That is a solved problem - including the species. But also keep in mind that the ImageNet contest images are more than 1 Terabyte of data to process (~1 million images!). So it will still take some time before your smartphone can do the same tricks * (Deleted this ambiguous last sentence as per the great comment below. I had the limited processing power of smart phones in mind when I wrote this,… see my upcoming reviews of existing smartphone apps that do local, on device image recognition [link here once published]).
Credits: All images (except xkcd) and the inspiration for this post from the great overview paper ImageNet Large Scale Visual Recognition Challenge by Olga Russakovsky et al.
Melissa McEwan is a Pennsylvania-based writer
That Donald Trump is a misogynist cannot be in question: He has bragged about being a serial sexual abuser; he has, on more than one occasion, compared women with buildings; he is the executive of a party whose health-care policy is being crafted exclusively by men – and he's fine with that. These examples are, of course, just the tip of a depressingly vast iceberg of Mr. Trump's rank sexism.
Many times during his 161 days as President, Mr. Trump has brought a fresh new horrific glimpse into his bottomless well of contempt for women. Thursday was no exception.
Story continues below advertisement
Lately, he has been on the outs with erstwhile pals and co-hosts of MSNBC's Morning Joe, Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski. After Ms. Brzezinski mocked the President about the fake Time magazine covers hanging in his resorts, and pushed his infamous tiny hands button in the process, Mr. Trump let loose on her with a brutal pair of tweets, reading in full: "I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch any more). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!"
In just 50 words, Mr. Trump demeaned Ms. Brzezinski as stupid, mentally ill, vain and desperate – and he either flatly lied about her having had a facelift, or, in a profoundly unethical decision, disclosed a surgical procedure without her consent.
This is (at least) the second time that Mr. Trump has talked about a female journalist bleeding: In August of 2015, the then-candidate complained about debate moderator Megyn Kelly's "ridiculous questions," saying: "You could see there was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever."
Mr. Trump's latest tirade is a confluence of many of his worst qualities and impulses: His brittle ego, his impulsive cruelty, his disrespect for consent, his misogyny and his relentless war on the media – which has repeatedly manifested in targeted sexist attacks on female journalists.
Mr. Trump's disdain for female journalists who ask questions or offer commentary he doesn't like dates back at least 27 years: After a 1990 interview with Connie Chung that didn't go the way Mr. Trump might have hoped, he unleashed on Ms. Chung during a subsequent interview with Joan Rivers, calling Ms. Chung "a disaster" and saying she was "like a little child. I mean this girl – this woman – has less talent than anyone I know of."
He went on to disturbingly recount that, when Ms. Chung sent him roses after the interview, "I cut 'em up and sent 'em back. I sent her back the stems. Actually, I did. I sent her back the stems, but I kept the top."
This is, to put it mildly, wildly inappropriate behaviour in any context, but it is utterly unrecognizable as the action of a person with a professional grudge and entirely comports instead with the impulse of an abusive spurned lover.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
His attacks on women who fail to conform to his expectations of deference and adoration are scathingly personal, and his Thursday morning outburst on Twitter is a perfect and terrible example of jilted Mr. Trump's rage.
Female reporters are in an unwinnable situation. If they are (perceived by the insecure President as) combative in any way, they will be attacked. If he likes them, they will be targeted in a different way. Just one day before his jeremiad against Ms. Brzezinski, Mr. Trump sexually harassed a female reporter in the Oval Office: While on the phone with newly elected Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar, Mr. Trump gestured at Irish reporter Caitriona Perry and told the PM: "We have all of this beautiful Irish press. … She has a nice smile on her face so I bet she treats you well."
Whether he's creepily complimenting female journalists or demeaning them, Mr. Trump never lets women just trying to do their jobs forget that they are women.
Ms. Brzezinski stepped out of line, and so the President took to his unrivalled platform to humiliate her. He showed us, once more, what many feminist commentators urgently warned about during the campaign: A deeply chauvinist man leveraging his extraordinary power to demean women.
The White House and the first lady are defending his tweets, casting Ms. Brzezinski as a "bully" from whom Mr. Trump needed to defend himself. Even Speaker Paul Ryan couldn't muster more than a reflexive "Obviously, I don't see that as an appropriate comment," before pivoting to the Republican agenda.
Mr. Trump is abusive – and he is surrounded by people willing to abet his abuse. This means, unfortunately for all women and especially those whose jobs bring him into their direct orbit, that his vile misogyny is unlikely to cease any time soon.
The Croatian election tomorrow could usher in a new centre-right government favouring much stricter border controls, possibly even leading to the continent's southern border being closed.
The country has become a major route for the hundreds of thousands of migrants travelling through Europe since Hungary built a razor-wire fence along its border with Serbia.
The Croatian government, led by Social Democrat Zoran Milanovic, has welcomed the migrants, promising to house them temporarily as they travel north towards Slovenia and then through Austria and Germany.
However, his position has infuriated neighbouring countries, with the leaders of Hungary, Serbia and Slovenia criticising his open borders policy, and accusing him of making the problem worse.
The opposition conservative Croatian Democratic Union (CDU), which up to now has led the polls, has also strongly criticised Mr Milanovic's policy since the start of the migrant crisis, calling for a much tougher line with military intervention if necessary.
At present, Croatia is the only country the migrants can travel through after passing through Serbia. They cannot travel north into Hungary, as the border is shut, and if they travel into Bosnia-Herzegovina they risk coming to a dead-end in the mountainous terrain.
Tomislav Karamarko, leader of the CDU, has not explicitly stated any intention to close the border, but as the crisis intensifies, he may be left with no other option.
If Croatia does close its border with Serbia and Bosnia-Herzegovina, then Hungary would likely be spurred into extending its fence along the Romanian border, thus effectively sealing off southern Europe from the Dalmatian coast to Ukraine.
However, the polls are now very tight. Mr Milanovic's Social Democrats have staged a comeback thanks partly to an improving economy, but also due to pulling at voters' heartstrings with the migrant crisis.
Professor Nenad Zakosek of the University of Zagreb told the New York Times that many Croats sympathise with the migrants because they themselves witnessed the violence of the Balkan War just 20 years ago.
“We all had this experience during the war,” he said. “We had refugees or we were ourselves refugees.”
Latest polls put the Social Democrats just 0.8 per cent behind the conservatives, meaning it is still all to play for.
One of the most reactionary, bigoted, and predatory administrations in modern history has officially taken office. The incoming Trump presidency, from the vicious tweets to the bizarre press conferences to the reactionary cabinet picks and executive orders, has millions of people understandably feeling they are in an unfolding nightmare. People fear a man who has glorified sexual assault, incited racist violence, and made billions of dollars off the backs of working people.
He has horrified many by proposing to ramp up mass deportation, attacks on women's reproductive rights, and unions while the Republican Congress is busy dismantling Obamacare. Now he has reversed Obama and given the go-ahead to the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines. He has made clear that environmental regulations generally are going to be shredded in the name of encouraging manufacturers to build factories in the U.S.
As we go to press, Trump has signed orders giving the green light to start building a “wall” on the Mexican border. He is setting the stage for deportations of undocumented workers on a previously unseen scale by adding 5,000 more border patrol officers and tripling the number of ICE officers while radically expanding the definition of “criminal” behavior which can make a person a target for deportation. He is threatening to strip “ sanctuary cities” of federal funds. He is also enacting a de facto immigration ban on Muslims by stopping visas from six different majority Muslim countries.
However, fear is not the only reaction to the new “Predator in Chief.” Trump's inauguration was met with the biggest day of protest in U.S. history with the women's marches on January 21 mobilizing over three million people into action. This movement must be continued, deepened, and escalated to stop the right-wing agenda. Trump's policies can be defeated, but it will take determined resistance, mass civil disobedience, and disruption of “business as usual” to win.
“Business as usual” is the system that's resulted in only eight people now having more wealth than 3.6 billion people – half the world's population. Business as usual, under Democrats as well as Republicans, is perpetual climate destruction, war, income inequality, racism, and sexism. Business as usual helped open the door to Trump's populist demagoguery. The majority of the American ruling class does not see Trump as a reliable defender of their interests. But, from the point of view of the interests of working people, Trump and his billionaire cabinet are out and out enemies, and we can't depend on the same elites that couldn't stop Trump's election to stop his agenda.
Deeply Divided Establishment
The ruling billionaire class in the U.S. and internationally is deeply divided on how to deal with Trump's ascendancy to the most powerful position in the world. Obama and Clinton want us to “give Trump a chance,” but we can't wait for the defunding of Planned Parenthood or kicking millions off of Medicaid before we take action. Some Democrats, like those who refused to attend Trump's inauguration, say they want to fight Trump's agenda. If they are serious about this, then they could put up roadblocks especially given the Republicans' paper-thin majority in the Senate. For instance, a filibuster could stop the nomination of a right-wing Supreme Court justice that could tip the balance against Roe v. Wade. Unfortunately, Democrats were unwilling to take such determined measures in the past to halt the assaults of the Bush administration.
Internationally, Trump's nationalistic and protectionist rhetoric is creating profound anxiety among the U.S. billionaire class' “allies.” Trump has angered most of the European establishment with his statements that the European Union will fall apart and that the NATO military alliance is “obsolete.” As the U.S. elites remain paralyzed by division, Russia, Israel and Turkey's rulers have all gone on the offensive to increase their regional might and influence.
Tensions are rapidly rising between the U.S. and China with the Chinese leadership threatening to “take the gloves off” in dealing with Trump. On Monday, Trump formally scrapped the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal that the Obama administration constructed to push back against China's growing economic power. We certainly do not mourn the end of this anti-worker, anti-environment pact. But Trump's alternative seems to be to threaten a trade war with China. Contrary to administration claims, tariffs will not bring manufacturing jobs back in large numbers. A trade war is more likely to push the world economy into recession. Under capitalism we face the terrible choice between destructive corporate globalization and protectionist trade wars.
Our movement shouldn't answer Trump's nationalism with anti-Russia echoes of the Cold War. Struggles will be far more effective if we focus on fighting against the racist, sexist, and anti-working class policies that the right wing proposes rather than trailing behind the CIA's attempts to whip up nationalistic scandals. Nevertheless the attacks of the intelligence agencies against Trump reflect genuine ruling class anxiety about his obvious admiration for Putin.
Hundreds of thousands of people outside the U.S. protested against Trump on January 21, and we need to be in solidarity with working people around the world looking to resist both “business as usual” and right-wing reaction. Nationalist slogans and paranoia about the government being controlled by foreign powers like Putin won't be effective mobilizing working people, youth and the poor to join a determined resistance that can beat back Trump's reactionary agenda.
Instead of relying on the murderous CIA or the corporate-controlled politicians to stop the right-wing onslaught, we need to instead focus on mobilizing from below with 100 days of resistance to Trump's agenda.
The Democrats and the Movement
We need to base our movement on the needs of working people and not limit our demands to what the Democratic Party leadership will accept. We can build the biggest possible protests by calling for popular measures like defending and extending reproductive rights, ending deportations of immigrants and establishing improved Medicare for all. We need to keep fighting for a $15 minimum wage, tuition-free college, and an end to mass incarceration.
We need unity and solidarity of all people actively opposing Trump to stop his attacks. Women facing cuts to Planned Parenthood should be backed up by everyone who is standing against Trump; the same goes for immigrants and anyone else in this predator's crosshairs. Unions, community groups, women's organizations, Black Lives Matter activists, and socialists should all mobilize together with clear demands and decisive action.
At the same time, new mass movement needs to welcome people who are attending their first ever protests and organizing meetings. This means that new coalitions against Trump will include people who often look to Democratic Party politicians for leadership. Coalitions of resistance will also need to include organizations with ties to the Democratic Party like unions and women's groups. Within these coalitions, we need to have debates about the best strategy to fight for demands that can improve the lives of working people.
Socialist Alternative thinks that we need a new party of the 99% to be an uncompromising force in fighting Trump's agenda. The Democratic Party leadership helped pave the way for Trump's victory, and their politicians are overwhelmingly controlled by the corporate elites. Mainstream Democrats didn't stop Bush's agenda, and they haven't delivered on their promises to combat racism and sexism or improve the lives of working people. This is why some working people were seduced by Trump's pro-worker demagogy, something which will be undermined by experience. Socialist Alternative will work alongside progressive Democrats around clear demands to mobilize people into action, but we will not limit our program, strategy or tactics to what is acceptable to the corporate Democrats. Instead we will base ourselves on the needs of working people to resist a system and a Presidency that's bent on destruction.
Next Steps Against Trump
We need 100 days of escalating resistance. Reproductive rights are under attack. In Poland, women went on strike to stop sexist laws, and they won. Women's organizations and unions should follow this positive example and build the strongest possible determined actions for March 8, International Women's Day.
Our 100 days of resistance should culminate in mass marches, civil disobedience and strike action on May 1, International Workers Day. On May Day in 2006, immigrant workers went on strike and protested throughout the country to beat back racist anti-immigrant legislation. This time, we can't leave the immigrants to fight alone. The unions should mobilize all members, immigrant and native-born alike, to oppose Trump's deportations with decisive action, including work stoppages. We shouldn't forget that the labor movement itself is a target of Trump's predatory appetites.
January 20 and 21 inaugurated a resistance of monumental proportions. Socialist Alternative feels that we need to turn this into a movement that can challenge the “business as usual” system that gives eight white men more wealth than 3.6 billion inhabitants of this planet. Trump is the embodiment of predatory capitalism, and while successfully fighting his agenda, working people can lay the basis for a world without exploitation, poverty and discrimination. Join us in the fight for socialism! We have a world to win!
Saudi Arabian Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal chose the First Arab Cooperation and Economic Forum with Central Asia and Azerbaijan, strategically important countries to Iran, as the venue to invite the Iranian foreign minister to visit Saudi Arabia and to declare Riyadh's willingness to negotiate with Iran to resolve their regional differences.
The continuation of the conflict in Syria, the deterioration of the security situation in Iraq and the likely victory of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki in the recent Iraqi elections could all push the Sunni-Shiite struggle past the point of no return and threaten everyone's security and stability, including Iran and Saudi Arabia. Thus, the rational choice for all parties is to control the conflict and stop the slide toward further escalation.
This de-escalatory framework explains why Faisal invited Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif to visit the kingdom and why Faisal declared that Riyadh is willing to hold talks with Tehran on the region's heated issues. It is an invitation to control the conflict, not resolve it, because there are no signs of a Saudi-Iranian agreement on Syria, Iraq, Bahrain or Yemen. The two still have significant disagreements, especially on Syria.
A former Saudi official told Al-Monitor that a behind-the-scenes, low-level direct dialogue has started between Saudi Arabia and Iran regarding Syria. The source added that progress at this level could pave the way for a public dialogue between them on Syria. But that prospect remains a long shot as the differences between the two Islamic powers over Syria run deep. Saudi Arabia is not budging on its demand for President Bashar al-Assad's departure, while Iran considers Assad remaining in power a guarantee of its influence.
This de-escalatory framework also explains the successive statements by Iranian officials about their desire for dialogue and cooperation with Saudi Arabia to achieve security in the region. Such statements were made by President Hassan Rouhani, Zarif and most recently by Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani when he met Pakistani Prime Minister Mohammad Nawaz Sharif in Tehran on May 11.
Sharif's recent visit to Iran was key in the Saudi invitation. Pakistan is also concerned about the escalating sectarian conflict, which will increase Islamabad's security problems in light of the government's attempt to end the ongoing war with the Taliban in Pakistan and by virtue of Pakistan's special relations with Saudi Arabia. Pakistan doesn't want to see the conflict between Iran and Saudi Arabia escalate to a stage in which Pakistan becomes a party, with all the security costs this would entail.
Also, a strained Pakistan-Iran relationship would strengthen India's relations with Iran, potentially encircling India, Iran and Afghanistan, whose new government is expected to cooperate with India and Iran at Pakistan's expense.
Pakistan is pushing to ease tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran, mainly because Islamabad is worried about its national security, which is racked by sectarian conflicts, and also because it needs to have economic relations with both Saudi Arabia and Iran.
The US administration also wants to see a Saudi-Iranian rapprochement that reduces the level of conflict in the region and turns it into a competition between the regional powers, aided by a balance of power between Iran and Saudi Arabia. US President Barack Obama spoke to The New Yorker magazine about establishing a new balance in the Middle East that would maintain the conflict and the competition in the region and said that he was working with all parties to prevent the rise of extremists.
A media report from Tehran, citing circles close to Rafsanjani, spoke of a preliminary plan developed by Rafsanjani's team after he got the green light from Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei to reach a settlement with Saudi Arabia. The preliminary plan calls for stopping the media escalation on both sides, activating the security agreement signed between the two countries during the era of former President Mohammad Khatami and starting confidence-building measures through the Lebanese file, as that issue is the least heated.
In his remarks on May 13, the Saudi foreign minister invited Iran's foreign minister to visit Riyadh and spoke of the need for cooperation among all countries in the fight against terrorism. This gesture indicates that the terrorism file, like the Lebanese one, may be a starting point to address the crisis of confidence between the parties.
The results of a dialogue between the two regional powers may start to appear in Lebanon with Riyadh and Tehran working to resolve the presidential crisis. Lebanon has not been a major point of contention between Saudi Arabia and Iran, as Lebanon's consensus-based political system mostly preserves the influence of both countries there. The other major points of contention between the two countries — Iraq, Bahrain and Yemen — remain dependent on what happens in Syria, as it is difficult to reach a definitive solution in those three countries without first arriving at a deal on Syria.
Seemingly irreconcilable differences on Syria — and the necessity for a deal on Syria to resolve other regional disputes — show that a comprehensive solution on the region is still out of reach, but controlling the escalation of the conflict is possible. Pakistan and the United States are playing an important role in pushing Saudi Arabia and Iran to de-escalate tensions and contain the regional flames.
Lab Zero recently announced on the official Skullgirls Twitter that the beta version of the game's PC port should be available mid-June, with a full release coming later in July. The release of the PC version is supposedly going to coincide with the release of the game's first DLC character, Squigly.
Only donators to the Indiegogo campaign will get beta keys for the game, which will allow them to test out Squiggly as well as the game's new balance changes and network capabilities before it officially releases. However, if you missed the IGG campaign, you aren't totally out of luck. Lab Zero has opened up a page in partnership with Humble Bundle that allows you to donate late as a slacker backer. Though the reward tiers are limited, any donation over $36 gets you a Skullgirls beta key.
The team also announced that the second DLC character has been chosen, though the big reveal will take place at Salty Cupcakes tonight. They also briefly mentioned that they are hoping by the time they implement all 5 new characters, Autumn Games will have gotten past their legal troubles and will allow them to begin work on a Skullgirls 2.
Source: Skullgirls Twitter
Chronicles of Elyria is the first MMORPG where your character ages and dies, encouraging you to think beyond your character to their role in a larger story. Fearless in its design, it embraces a character's ability to impact other characters. A closed economy, finite resources, non-repeatable quests, and a fully destructible environment means the world is experienced differently for every character. Each time you log in there is something for you to participate in. Local, regional, and national conflicts are continuously unfolding, giving birth to repeated opportunities for you to change the course of history.
Enter the world as a member of a player-run family, then work your way up from a humble adventurer to a landed vassal, develop your dynasty, and work your way to King. Not interested in running a kingdom? The fully skill-based system and lack of classes means you're rewarded with the ability to create the exact character you want to. Become the most renowned blacksmith in the world, a feared assassin, travel to places where few others dare to travel, or become a sorcerer of legend. In the end, it's up to you to determine the road you want to travel. Will you follow a path of virtue... or something darker?
Hybrid: Chronicles of Elyria utilizes a new business model never before seen in MMOs. In Chronicles of Elyria, players buy a Spark of Life that grants a soul the opportunity to live for between 10 and 14 months. During that time their character will grow old and eventually die, leaving their mark on history. But while alive you must choose your actions carefully, as each in-game death reduces your overall lifespan and brings your character that much closer to permadeath.
Corey Robinson is mainly known around campus and to Irish fans as No. 88, a member of the Notre Dame receiving corps. But this spring, the junior will take on an additional role — candidate for student government president for the upcoming term.
Robinson acknowledged that while both campaigning over the next few weeks and, if elected, the job itself will take up much of his time, he said he will still remain a full-time member of the football team.
Campaigning takes place from this Tuesday to election day, Feb. 10, and the University's new student government president will commence his or her term April 1. Notre Dame's spring practice kicks off March 16 and runs until the Blue-Gold Game on April 16.
“This spring, all of our practices are in the morning, so we practice from six in the morning until 10 a.m., and the rest of the day is free, and I have one class a day, no class on Fridays,” he said. “In the summer, same kind of thing — we only practice for two hours a day, and I'm going to be here every day, all day, so that'll be easy as well. I'm only taking one class. “
Once the Irish begin their 2016 season in August, Robinson said his schedule will change but would still allow him to fully work in student government.
“In the fall, we practice to 2:30 to 7, so anything between those hours, I can't participate in, but the rest of the day, I'm free,” he said. “I'm going to have three or four classes … and the way my schedule works, only football and student body, so that way, I'll be able to be fully invested in both, in those two aspects.”
Robinson, who is pursuing a major in the Program of Liberal Studies with a sustainability minor, said his academic schedule would allow him to devote most of his energy to the commitments on both the football team and within student government. He added he sought insight from the last three student government presidents in making his decision to run.
“I talked to Alex Coccia, talked to Lauren Vidal, talked to Bryan Ricketts, and I've talked to all my friends in student [government] when I was in student [government] on the executive cabinet last year [as athletics representative], so I know very well what kind of time commitment it's going to be,” he said. “ … I've talked with Alex firsthand since he was a national championship fencer, and I asked him how he balanced it, so after getting advice from everybody, I've kind of crafted this situation in which class won't really be an issue and where I can just put all my time and effort into those two spheres.”
The San Antonio native said the amount of academic credits he has earned would allow him to graduate this May, but he has added a business economics minor that would preserve his status as an undergraduate, a requirement for the presidential position, through next May.
“I've planned ahead, gotten all of my hard work out of the way this semester, and I'm finishing up my senior thesis,” Robinson said. “I'm doing all the hard stuff now so in the fall and the spring, I just have to take two classes pretty much.”
Along with his previous work as athletics representative, Robinson currently serves as vice president for the Student Athlete Advisory Committee (SAAC). Rebecca Blais, a sophomore political science and peace studies major who most recently served as student government's director of internal affairs, will run alongside Robinson as his vice presidential candidate.
“If we do get elected, I'm going to have a very experienced team with everyone who knows what they're going to be doing, so that way, I won't have to be around every single second of every single day,” he said. “We'll have a very experienced, very veteran team, where I can be more of an overseer. … I'd let them do their thing, through updates and through meetings, more of than kind of role as opposed to a micromanager.”
Robinson said they will run on a platform of “open communication and a shared vision” to represent the student body, “the real power of the University — students are Notre Dame.” Additionally, he said he would like to develop a more “creative and innovative space” at the University if he were elected.
Robinson is not the only member of the football team involved in student government elections this year. Freshman defensive lineman Jerry Tillery announced via Twitter on Tuesday that he is serving as campaign manager for the ticket of juniors Louis Bertolotti and Elizabeth Fenton.
Cracie family - known for their development of Brazilian jiu-jitsu
"Gracie Jiu-Jitsu" redirects here. For the book by Helio Gracie, see Gracie Jiu-Jitsu (book)
The Gracie family ( Portuguese: [ˈɡɾejsi]) is a prominent martial arts family from Brazil known for their development of Brazilian jiu-jitsu (BJJ). They have been successful in combat sport competitions including mixed martial arts, vale tudo, and submission wrestling events. As a family, they uphold the Gracie challenge, which promotes their style of modern jiu-jitsu. Members are affinally and consanguineously related to the Machado family.
Origins [ edit ]
One part of the Gracie family line in Brazil descended from George Gracie, a Scotsman from the Carronhill estate in Dumfriesshire who emigrated in 1826 when he was 25 years old.[4][5][6][clarification needed] George was a son of James (b. 1772), the second son of family patriarch George Gracie (b. 1734), and Jean Patterson.[6] From George came Pedro, from Pedro came Gastão, who was the father of Carlos Gracie and Hélio Gracie. Carlos Gracie and Hélio Gracie are 1/8 Scottish.[7]
Gastão Gracie from Rio de Janeiro, the grandson of George Gracie through his son Pedro married Cesarina Pessoa Vasconcellos, the daughter of a wealthy Ceará family, in 1901 and decided to settle in Belém do Pará.[8][unreliable source?] Gastão Gracie became a business partner of the American Circus in Belém. In 1916, the Italian Argentine Queirolo Brothers staged circus shows there and presented Mitsuyo Maeda, a Japanese judoka and prizefighter.[9][10] In 1917, Carlos Gracie, the eldest son of Gastão Gracie, watched a demonstration by Mitsuyo Maeda at the Da Paz Theatre and decided to learn judo. Conde thus accepted to teach Gastão's son Carlos. In 1921, however, following financial hardship and his own father Pedro's demise, Gastão Gracie returned to Rio de Janeiro with his family.[8]
Maeda's teachings were then passed on through local Rio coaches to Carlos and brothers Oswaldo, Gastão Jr., and George and Hélio. There's a version saying that Helio was too young and slow at that time to learn the art and due to his medical imposition was prohibited to physically partake in training, but it is now known that he became a coxswain for the local rowing team[11] as well as a competitive swimmer.[12] Hélio successfully learned the art of Jiu Jitsu. Today, Hélio and Carlos are both widely considered by the Jiu Jitsu community and Gracie family as the founders of modern Brazilian jiu-jitsu.[citation needed]
For a number of years, the Gracie family ran a competitive monopoly on Vale Tudo events. [13] Through their competitive rise, the men allocated power and influence with which they sought to promote Gracie family members within the Vale Tudo community.[13]
Roger Gracie won the World Jiu-Jitsu Championship 10 times in various weight divisions (6 times at 100 kg, once at 100+kg, and 3 times in the Absolute division). He also won the Pan-American Championship in the Absolute division in 2006 and the European Championships in 2005 in the 100+kg and Absolute divisions.[14]
Kron Gracie won the ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship in the under 77 kg division in 2013 [15] and the European Championships in the 82 kg division in 2009.[14]
Clark Gracie won the Pan-American Championship in the under 82 kg division in 2013.[16]
Kyra Gracie won the ADCC Submission Wrestling World Championship in the Women's under 60 kg division in 2005, 2007, and 2011 and the World Jiu-Jitsu Championship four times (three times in the Women's under 64 kg division and once in the Women's Absolute Division).[17]
Family members [ edit ]
Family tree [ edit ]
Gracie family tree George Pedro Gastao Carlos Oswaldo Gastão Jr. George Helena Hélio Mary Ilka Iros Helio Gastão M. Helena Liana George Rorion Relson Rickson Rolker Royler Royce Rerika Robin Ricci Angela Carla June Ricardo Carlson Robson Geysa Rose Sonja Oneica Reyson Reylson Rosley Rolange Carley Rocian Carlion Clayr Rolls Carlos Jr. Karla Crolin Reila Rillion Kirla Cesar Rodrigo Kron Crosley Clark Rolles Roger Renzo Ralph Ryan Flavia Carla Charles Marcela Monica Michela Oswaldo Ralek Renon Roran Reylan Rener Rose Riane Segina Ricon Ryron Kyra Neiman
Notable members of the Brazilian Gracie family include:[18][19]
First generation [ edit ]
Second generation [ edit ]
Third generation [ edit ]
Fourth Generation [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
To understand how it ends, first you must go back to the beginning.
Gradius was born from the 80s post-Space Invaders gold rush, created by a team within Konami's Osaka headquarters headed up by the young and inexperienced programmer Hiroyasu Machiguchi. A failed designer in his early twenties, Machiguchi worked alongside a handful of the company's youthful employees to a simple plan: creating a shooting game that could eclipse the then champion of the genre, Xevious.
Within the naivety of that strategy there was some serious magic at work, though. Building upon the foundations of 1981's Scramble, an early and successful side-scrolling Konami shooter, and utilising the then-sizeable power of a new 16-bit PCB, Machiguchi's team constructed a world richer than any that had gone before it in the genre.
The result was a playable digest of the culture consumed by hungry otaku in 80s Osaka. Inspired by Star Wars and a team visit to see an anime adaptation of E.E. Smith's Lensman books, Gradius was a deep science-fiction fantasy that propelled you through fields of tentacles, across rocky passageways with gurgling volcanoes and running through techno-passages busy with bullet-spewing turrets. Lost in these busy alien landscapes was always the impossibly small, improbably cute Vic Viper. From its inception in 1985, Gradius sold you on the loneliness of space while impressing you with the sheer hostility of it.
Credit's due to programmer Atsutomo Nakagawa, who worked alongside Iuchi on Gradius 5, Radiant Silvergun and Ikaruga - the latter being made with a core team of just three people.
Beyond the scrolling stars lay systems informed by RPGs that, thanks to Henk Roger's The Black Onyx and its like, were just beginning to find popularity in Japan. A system whereby player progression branched out at the end of each level was replaced, due to memory limitations, with something more immediate, and something much more effective. Power-up capsules filled a gauge at the bottom of the screen that players could cash in at any point, giving them access to an immaculately balanced toy box of speed-ups, missiles, lasers and shields.
:: Cheapest Resident Evil 2 pre order price
Success wasn't immediate, but Gradius' legacy was lasting, and by the time the task of making its fourth sequel landed at Treasure's Tokyo offices the formula conjured up by a team of first-timers had changed little. Those six slots at the bottom of the screen remain - as does the question mark granting you a shield, a placeholder inserted by an original development team who had run out of time that has remained in place ever since. It's no small testament to the Gradius magic that the rightly revered developer of such genre masterpieces as Ikaruga and Radiant Silvergun decided, some 19 years on, to leave the formula largely intact.
Treasure brought something else though: a little of the sense of purpose missing in the competent if aimless Gradius 4, and a vast, deep love of the series' past. It helped, of course, that Treasure's own history interwove with Gradius', the developer splintering out from Konami in the early 90s. It helped too that lead planner Hiroshi Iuchi's brace of shooters at Treasure carried much of the economy of design and ferocity of challenge classically posed by Konami's series.
All the Gradius hallmarks are there, rendered in the sleek, muscular style of Treasure and co-developer G-Rev's other genre work. The opening level, traditionally a place to noisily grind out upgrades before the real challenge kicks in, is a frantic free-form chase through pendulous Zelos pustules that explode with a deliciously camp whine. The recurring quick-paced scrolling base raid of the series is faster, more aggressive and more spectacular than those it builds upon, the screen a whir of mechanical doors and swirling flak.
There's respect for tradition in Gradius 5, but also a willingness to subvert it. Superficially this is an easier game than its predecessors - Vic Viper's hitbox has been dramatically reduced, while the forgiving revival system from early Gradius spin-off Salamander has been parachuted in, and now it's possible to pick up floating options scattered after losing a ship. Previously in Gradius, hard-earned power-up progress could be wiped out by a single unseen bullet, making it a game where a one-credit run wasn't good enough - to see through to the end, you'd have to try and hold on to a single life. Gradius 5 softens the sharp difficulty curve, but that doesn't mean its claws are blunted.
The revival system is borrowed from Salamander, and elsewhere one of the options variants is a nod to the spacing power-up in Thunder Cross, another classic Konami shooter.
With a little more weight on the player's side, Treasure restores the balance by crafting levels that pose a superhuman challenge. It's a statement of intent when the second stage climaxes in a gruelling boss rush, and one that's escalated set-piece by set-piece, until, come the seventh stage, the polite trail of enemies that prefaces every level in Gradius history becomes a hellish screen-filling swarm.
Beneath the chaos is the kernel that's made Gradius a great shooter, and one that still stands out from its peers - progression's more often about improvisation than it is memorisation, and in the midst of the curtains of bullets and shifting walls there's always room for a little creative expression. Gradius 5 runs further with its most significant addition to the formula of Machiguchi's team, allowing extended control over the options swinging in Vic Viper's wake. They can be frozen into place, allowing you to throw and hold deadly shapes, or directed to spit blue dashes of laser fire across the screen.
There's still study required for success in Gradius 5, but more than ever it's backed up by allowing for moments of audacious flair - for moments of improbable risk turned into impossible escape by a second's quick thought. Treasure ran the series' system's deeper, but it's never far away from the humble vision of that original team in Osaka: it's about the nerdish dream of being the lone starfighter taking on an entire fleet single-handedly, and about the iconic heroism of escaping the Death Star as it ignites around you.
It's about something simpler, too. The appeal of the shooter is in the direct engagement with a designer's sometimes complex systems, as well as the pursuit of the high score. Fundamentally, though, it's about the simple pleasure of pointing a laser at something and then watching it explode, something at which Gradius 5 excels like no other. Bosses don't just blow up - they expire in noisy, operatic laments that shudder the screen and slow down the fabric of time. Even the cannon fodder exits the stage with bangs that crack with the ferocity of a revolver being let off within inches of your ear.
Gradius is survived, in a fashion, by the Otomedius games. Like Parodius they mockingly borrow the form. Unlike Parodius, though, they're dreadful.
Hitoshi Sakimoto, a composer used to more pastoral affairs such as Final Fantasy Tactics and Valkyria Chronicles, grounds the fireworks with a score that's both stately and urgent, though it's never somber. Indeed there's none of the solemnity that runs through its contemporary, R-Type Final - a game that foresaw the death of its genre, as well as its developer, and went out in a poetic swell of melancholy. Gradius 5, on the other hand, is at its most serious when in pursuit of pure, visceral joy.
Which in many ways makes it the more sobering game, in hindsight. A relatively high-profile release that brought together the masters of the form with one of the genre's greatest series, Gradius 5 was a big-ticket production - the kind of which shooters had hardly seen before, and will most likely never see again. A Gradius 6 was part of Konami's early plans for the PlayStation 3, though it was later taken off the development schedule - elsewhere, Iuchi moved on from Treasure, his only game since the modest but impressive Kokuga. Treasure, meanwhile, has struggled following Iuchi's departure in 2006, its main work now coming from contracts not quite as alluring as the one Konami threw its way with Gradius 5.
One of Gradius 5's sweetest tricks is in its Ouroboros tale of Vic Viper's victory over the Bacterion. Konami's shooters, like many others in the genre, have always rewarded completion of the game with a new loop where enemies are tougher, and hostile bullets more plentiful. In Treasure's telling, it's excused by a time hole through which you meet your future self in the second stage, going on to take that role come the game's climax.
Unlike other shooters, though, Gradius 5 loops near infinitely, its challenge rising until its thin corridors are impossibly thick with enemy fire (a challenge top-tier players like BGR-44 rise to, with staggering effect). It's a loop destined to repeat again and again, and one Gradius perhaps will never break out of, its legend growing greater with each new player that passes through.
Smoke billows from stacks of a coal-fired power plant in China's Shanxi province. (Kevin Frayer/Getty Images)
More deaths from extreme heat. Longer allergy seasons. Increasingly polluted air and water. Diseases transmitted by mosquitoes and ticks spreading farther and faster. Those are among the health risks that could be exacerbated by global warming coming decades, the Obama administration warned in a new report Monday.
The study, more than 300 pages long and several years in the making, focuses on what the White House has described as one of the gravest threats to the nation: major health problems associated with climate change. It details direct effects, such as the potential for worsening air quality to trigger thousands more premature deaths from respiratory problems or an uptick in annual deaths from crushing heat waves. But researchers said other, less obvious effects also could take a toll on human health — from mental health problems that can result from extreme weather events such as hurricanes and floods to the fact that rising carbon dioxide in the atmosphere can lower the nutritional value of some crops.
While every American could be affected, administration officials said Monday, the brunt of the harm is most likely to fall disproportionately on the most vulnerable populations, such as pregnant women, children, the poor, the elderly, minorities, immigrants and people with disabilities.
[Climate change poses a severe risk to global health, says new report]
“This isn't just about glaciers and polar bears. It's about the health of our family and our kids,” Gina McCarthy, administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, said Monday. “To protect ourselves and future generations, we need to understand the health impacts of climate change that are already happening, and those that we expect to see down the road.”
The report, which involved scores of researchers and the work of eight federal agencies, included findings largely in line with a growing body of research into the risks to human health should countries continue to emit massive levels of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. Last year, for instance, a major report in the Lancet medical journal, which relied on dozens of scientists from China and Europe, found that climate change “threatens to undermine the last half century of gains in development and global health” if left unchecked.
The Obama administration study found that as the world warms, exploding populations and greater urbanization could increase the number of people exposed to extreme heat, which already kills thousands of Americans each year. For instance, researchers projected that a warmer future could result in “thousands to tens of thousands of additional premature deaths per year across the United States by the end of this century” from heat-related illnesses, more than off-setting any reduction of cold-related deaths.
“The changes are happening right now,” said U.S. Surgeon General Vivek Murthy. He said that with the data in the new report, “we see a more clear picture of the extent to which climate change is going to impact health, and it's not a pretty picture. . . . As far as history is concerned, this is a new type of threat that we're facing. . . . The solution is not going to be simple, but it is possible.”
Obama administration officials said the report significantly updates the science behind the human health effects of climate change, allowing researchers to predict with more confidence the kinds of problems that might arise in the absence of drastic cuts in greenhouse-gas emissions. At the same time, they acknowledged that the projections about the effect of climate change on health could change significantly if countries succeed — or fail — to rein in those emissions.
President Obama has detailed aggressive measures to cut back on the nation's carbon emissions, and countries around the world agreed last winter in Paris to collectively reduce such pollution in coming years. But administration officials on Monday agreed that even more measures will be necessary to reduce human health risks.
“The point that this study underscores is there needs to be more than ‘some' significant global action,” said John P. Holdren, Obama's top science adviser. “We need to ramp up ambition over time to get deeper reductions if we're to avoid the worst of the health care impacts that are described in this report.”
Monday's report is the latest effort by the Obama administration to put a human face on climate change, which to some can seem like an abstract concept. It comes roughly a year after Obama spoke publicly about the White House's effort to focus on the health risks of a changing Earth.
“There are a whole host of public health impacts that are going to hit home,” Obama said in remarks at Howard University last April, citing the domino effect that changes in climate could have on public health. “So we've got to do better in protecting vulnerable Americans. Ultimately, though, all of our families are going to be vulnerable. You can't cordon yourself off from air or from climate.”
Read more at Energy & Environment:
This huge region of Brazil is even more deforested than the Amazon
Bad news for bats: Lethal white-nosed fungus is now in the Pacific Northwest
We've been getting these key details about Greenland's melting all wrong
For more, you can sign up for our weekly newsletter here, and follow us on Twitter here.
June in the Philippines usually means one thing: the beginning of the rainy season. Sometimes if the weather gets a bit worse, it may also usher the start of typhoons.
For those who wish to enjoy Cebu diving, the less-predictable weather can be a source of concern: is it okay to dive? The answer is a loud yes. Not only that, you can dive and get yourself certified.
Here are some of the diving courses in Cebu:
Scuba Diver Course
This is an extensive course that includes a theory or concept class, 2 pool dives, and 2 actual dives. Over all, it takes at least 16-32 hours to learn all these. The good news is it costs about Php13,750.
On the other hand, if you don't have much time, there is a Try Scuba Diving course between 1 and 4 hours, where you'll have 1 pool and 1 dive, as well as academics class, for only Php3,300. If you're looking for flexibility and a possibly huge discount, you can begin with the beginner's course and add the more comprehensive one later.
Open Water Course
An open water course means that you'll have more spots to dive to. Best of all, since this is an SSI (Scuba Schools International) certification, your course is recognized around the globe. This simply means that in case the Philippine weather isn't favorable to you, you can always travel to the nearest countries with a more stable weather condition.
Although this also implies you can take the course practically anywhere, diving in Cebu gives you another advantage: cheap price. The entire course which will cost you only Php18,000, and if you've already completed your Scuba Diver course, you can receive a huge discount.
If you dream of becoming an instructor someday, you can then proceed to the advanced course, which normally takes 48-72 hours to complete. During this course, you'll learn navigation, diving with enriched air nitrox, and deep diving. Most of all, you will be trained on how to dive when there's limited visibility, which is likely to happen when the skies are overcast and at night, when the weather may be less likely to be rainy.
Master Diver Course
You're inching way closer to becoming a master diver and an instructor. If you can get 24 dives with the advanced diver course, you can enjoy as much as 50 in this. Yes, that's a lot of dive, but it's because you'll go through more specialty courses including one that's extremely critical: stress and rescue. In other words, not only will you be taught how to keep yourself safe at all times underwater, but you'll also have the knowledge and the skill to potentially save another person's life.
Points to Remember
Many months from June to December are considered as off-peak seasons in the Philippines, which means you can easily snatch awesome travel deals for a fraction of a cost.
To save yourself the hassle, book a complete package—that is, a dive course with accommodation and even local transport from reputable dive centers in Cebu such as Dive Spot Asia.
Advertisements
Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt has been caught repeatedly misleading Congress about his use of different email accounts during his six years as Oklahoma's attorney general. He said he used just one email, when he actually had two. He sent official correspondence from a personal address, and appeared to deliberately delay public-records requests to cover his tracks before facing a Senate confirmation hearing. Now, a senator involved in that confirmation process is backing an effort that could get Pruitt disbarred in his home state, Oklahoma, for violating ethics rules. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.) plans to submit a lengthy statement and 60 pages of evidence to the Oklahoma Bar Association on Tuesday for its investigation into Pruitt, whom he accuses of lying to him during and after the hearing before the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee. The bar association began probing Pruitt in March in response to an ethics complaint filed by an environmental group and a University of Oklahoma law professor. Whitehouse, in a letter provided to HuffPost before he submitted it to the bar association, says Pruitt's “misleading answers, evasiveness, and stonewalling” prevented lawmakers from fully vetting the candidate before advancing his nomination for a Senate confirmation vote. “I have had a front-row seat for Mr. Pruitt's misleading testimony and his ongoing failure to respond completely and truthfully to Committee requests for him to set the record straight,” Whitehouse wrote in the letter, addressed to bar association general counsel Gina Hendryx. “This conduct is unbecoming of an attorney who is also a public official and who, under law, is required to testify truthfully to Congress.”
Aaron Bernstein / Reuters Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt testifies before a Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., June 27.
Pruitt's deep ties to fossil fuel industries whose pollution he's now charged with policing became a lightning rod during his confirmation process. Correspondence published by The New York Times in 2014 as part of a Pulitzer Prize-winning series showed Pruitt allowing lawyers from Devon Energy, an oil and gas company, to write a complaint to the EPA under his official letterhead. Since taking office, Pruitt has spent an unusual amount of time courting fossil fuel executives amid aggressive rollbacks of regulations and programs to address climate change. His failure to provide accurate testimony on his email use fuels concerns that he misled lawmakers to obscure his push to boost oil and gas profits ahead of public health. If he is found guilty of violating rules, the bar association could choose to sanction Pruitt, suspend his license or, in the most severe scenario, disbar him for at least five years. It's unclear how disbarment would affect his job as EPA administrator. “He misstated the facts over and over again,” Whitehouse told HuffPost in a phone interview on Monday. “This was a case of repeat prevarications, not just an inadvertent slip.” During his first appearance before Congress in January, Pruitt claimed he never used his personal email address for official business. He told Whitehouse that there were “no other email addresses.” After the hearing, he confirmed the statement, telling Whitehouse: “I have used two email addresses since becoming attorney general of Oklahoma. I use a personal email address for personal email, and an official email address for official business. The domain of my personal email address is me.com and the domain for my official email address is oag.ok.gov.” On Feb. 21, four days after he is the Senate narrowly confirmed his nomination, the Oklahoma attorney general's office released 7,564 pages of Pruitt's emails under court order following a lawsuit from the nonprofit Center for Media and Democracy. The correspondence showed Pruitt using his personal email for official purposes, contradicting his testimony.
He misstated the facts over and over again. Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.)
Donald Trump has been sworn in as the 45th president of the United States. In his inaugural address, he has promised to give the government back to the people and put "only America first."
"Today we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another, or from one party to another ‒ but we are transferring power from Washington, DC, to you the American people," Trump said in his inaugural speech just after noon on Friday, as it started to rain.
"Washington flourished but the people did not share in its wealth. Politicians prospered but the jobs left and the factories closed. The establishment protected itself but not the citizens of our country. Their victories have not been your victories; their triumphs have not been your triumphs, and while they celebrated in our nation's Capital, there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land," said Trump.
"That all changes ‒ starting right here, and right now, because this moment is your moment, it belongs to you!" added Trump to applause. "The United States of America is your country."
"January 20, 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again."
A statement met with loud applause and cheering.
Trump went on to remark that his supporters were part of a historic movement that has a crucial conviction, "that a nation exists to serve its citizens."
He said Americans want great school for their children, safe neighborhoods and good jobs.
"These are just and reasonable demands of a righteous public."
Trump said American experience a different reality, with mothers and children "trapped in poverty in our inner cities," rusted-out factories, and an education system "flashed with cash" but which left the young "deprived of knowledge."
Read more
"This American carnage stops right here and stops right now," commanded Trump, as the audience erupted in cheers, whistles and applause. "We will follow two simple rules: Buy American and Hire American."
"We do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone, but rather to let it shine as an example for everyone to follow."
Trump said when the country was united it will be totally unstoppable.
"For many decades we've enriched foreign industry at the expense of American industry; subsidized the armies of other countries while allowing for the very sad depletion of our military; we've defended other nation's border while refusing to defend our own," Trump proffered while whistles and cheers erupted from the crowd.
Trump said the US has spent trillions abroad while the country's infrastructure fell into "disrepair and decay."
"We've made other countries rich while the wealth, strength, and the confidence of our country has dissipated over the horizon," he remarked. "One by one the factories shuttered and left our shores without a thought for millions of American workers left behind. The wealth of middle class Americans has been ripped from their homes and redistributed across the world. But that is the past but now we are only looking to the future."
The remarks, which Trump previously said he wrote himself, reiterated many of his campaign promises.
"Today [we] are a new decree... from this day forward... it's going to be only American First," emphasized Trump.
"There should be no fear, we are protected, and we will always be protected. We will be protected by the great men and women of our military and law enforcement, and, most importantly, we will be protected by God."
Protests and controversies make #Trump's inauguration one of a kind https://t.co/o4sa3RYnLjpic.twitter.com/ble6upYB6C — RT America (@RT_America) January 19, 2017
"We will no longer politicians who are all talk and no action ‒ constantly complaining but never doing anything about it," added Trump.
"The time for empty talk is over, and now arrives the hour of action," he said. "Do not allow anyone to tell you it cannot be done... Our country will thrive and prosper again."
Trump said the country stand at the birth of a "new millennium, ready to unlock the mysteries of space, to free the Earth from the miseries of disease, and to harness the energies, industries and technologies of tomorrow."
"Whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same blood of patriotism, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag."
In closing Trump stated, "Together we will make America strong again, we will make it wealthy again, we will make America proud again, we will make America safe again, and yes, together we will make America great again."
The speech lasted 16 minutes, about half as long as the average inaugural address. It was 1,440 words, while the average inaugural address is about 2,350 words, according to the American Presidency Project at the University of California, Santa Barbara.
After the speech was over, RT America hosts Larry King and Ed Schultz analyzed Trump's remarks.
"It was rip-roaring. It was Donald," King told Schultz. "It was definitely Donald," Schultz agreed.
Trump's inaugural address was "not one of historical proportion, not one of high academic thought," Schultz said. "It was one of a real declaration."
But just as people copy music files, it seems probable that they will do the same with objects — a tool, say, or a piece of furniture that may be covered by a patent. All patents are available to the public, and it would be possible for a knowledgeable person to pore over a patent file and create software that can reproduce the invention described, Professor Desai said. Also, 3-D scanners can scan some objects and translate them into computer models, to be modified or printed.
So what is a patent owner seeking to stop an infringement to do, given that tracking down people in their homes would be extremely difficult?
One option would be to go after the makers of the printing hardware, but that would be a misguided approach centered on a general-purpose technology with many legal uses, Professor Desai said. Patent holders could also sue the websites that host the software that enables the printers to manufacture the objects, but this, too, could stymie perfectly legal inventions and end up putting a stranglehold on innovation, he said.
Just as record companies were unable to stop music file-sharing, manufacturers will not be able to prevent the proliferation of 3-D printing, he said. While violation of patents is a concern, and there may be ways to sue some individual lawbreakers, the best way to handle this threat, he said, may well be to embrace the new technology and the new markets it opens.
Guard Shelvin Mack deserves to be back with the Atlanta Hawks next season after the performances he turned in this year. The Butler point guard was not expected to do too much entering the 2013-14 campaign, but man, did he turn out to be a pleasant surpise as the backup point guard to Jeff Teague.
Heading into the season, coach Mike Budenholzer thought his first-round draft pick Dennis Schroder was going to play the role of Teague's backup point guard. However, after a shaky start to the year and some questionable decisions while leading the second unit, coach Bud needed to look elsewhere. Luckily for him, he had a capable player in Mack on the bench. The 24-year-old earned his way on to the team the year before by impressing the previous coaching staff on his first 10-day contract.
Therefore, GM Danny Ferry decided to give him another chance and it paid off in a big way. Mack became an excellent addition off the bench. He could not only run the show as the backup point guard, but he also proved capable of generating some timely offense as a role player for coach Budenholzer. In fact, at numerous times throughout the course of the year, Mack and Teague were on the court at the same time. He wasn't on the floor just because of his ball-handling either, it was his three-point shoooting that coach Bud liked as well.
Mack shot a solid 33.7 percent from beyond the arc this year and was never shy about taking a three if he saw an opening. Coach Bud seemed to enjoy his aggressiveness too. The Butler product had a number of big games this year, including a game-changing effort in Game 5 of the 2014 NBA Playoffs against the Indiana Pacers. He scored an impressive 20 points and dished out five assists to help the Hawks steal Game 5 in the Pacers' own building. In my opinion, that performance alone should earn him a spot on next year's roster.
However, it will be interesting to see what Ferry decides to do. I personally think it's a no-brainer to bring back Mack, but I wouldn't be surprised if Ferry wanted to see more playing time for Schroder. Hopefully, for Mack and the Hawks' sake they don't let him go. Give the point guard another season to develop his game after averaging 7.5 points and 3.7 assists per game this season; and he could turn out to be one of the best backup point guards in the league.
Andrew Shaw is an Atlanta Hawks writer for RantSports.com. Follow him on Twitter @AShaw003, “Like” him on Facebook or add him to your network on Google.
GANDHINAGAR: The BJP on Thursday announced a third candidate for the Rajya Sabha elections from Gujarat . The decision has sent shock waves across the Congress high command as the move has the potential to jeopardise Sonia Gandhi's political secretary Ahmed Patel's battle for survival in the Upper House polls.The fact that BJP chose to prop as its third candidate, Balwantsinh Rajput , minutes after he resigned as a Congress MLA, has shown the depth of the BJP determination to ambush Patel as it is designed to rally Congress MLAs , led by Shankarsinh Vaghela . The fact that Rajput is a close relative of Vaghela has further advertised the BJP-Vaghela camp's close coordination against Patel's attempt to renew his ticket to Rajya Sabha.That BJP has fielded three candidates against its easily winnable two RS seats means it is taking a full-blown shot at Patel, who represents the very core of Sonia establishment. With now four candidates (including Patel) in the ring with three seats, the third slot will have to be settled through preferential votes, something that can keep Patel on tenterhooks more so as more Congress rebel MLAs have started coming out. “I am just praying Ahmed bhai survives this test,” said a worried Congress MP in Delhi.Soon after Rajput resigned from his MLA seat along with another party rebel Tejashree Patel, he reached the state BJP headquarters Kamalam and joined saffron party, only to be nominated as the third candidate for the Upper House along with Amit Shah and Smriti Irani. All three will file the nominations on Friday. Bringing further bad news for Congress, yet another party legislator from Bijapur in North Gujarat too resigned from the party and joined BJP in the presence of Amit Shah, who had reached BJP headquarters here. It is learnt that more Congress legislators are now set to resign from Congress and move to BJP.To make it back to RS, Ahmed Patel would need a minimum of 47 votes out of 182 in the assembly --already Chhotu Vasava, the lone JD(U) MLA and two NCP MLAs have pledged their support for him. However, Congress with its 54 MLAs, now anticipates some 10 MLAs to defect either with Vaghela or to BJP and with the open voting for RS, the defection if at all will be clearer.Interestingly, Vaghela, soon after Ahmed Patel's media interaction, launched an all-out attack on Congress Gujarat-in-charge Ashok Gehlot. Vaghela sought immediate withdrawal of Gehlot's comment on him that he is being armed twisted by CBI and ED inquiries and said unless these comments are withdrawn, he would resign ahead of Rajya Sabha elections.Sources maintain that Congress was in a bind to nominate Patel also because of the fact that any other decision would have sent out a message that the party has developed cold feet post Vaghela's exit, which would have seriously impacted the poll prospects of the party. Meanwhile in an interesting media interaction, Gujarat minister for law and parliamentary affairs Pradeepsinh Jadeja on Wednesday had attacked the Opposition and said Congress has become fearful post cross-voting in Presidential election and now misinterpreting laws to stifle the “inner voice” of its legislators.(With inputs from Our Political Bureau, Delhi)
“Every now and then I read something from a leftist source and then I have to scroll up and make sure I haven't been redirected to The Onion – no kidding.”
Advertisement
Republicans are now 4-0 in special elections in the Trump-Era despite their Montana candidate slamming a reporter to the ground by his neck and in spite of their Georgia 6th District candidate, Karen Handel, being out fundraised 23.6 million to 4.5 million. CNN – who cut off Handel's victory speech – hasn't gotten it figured out yet. Neither has the Democrat National Committee (one and the same as CNN), who is sending out its surrogates to all of a sudden downplay the loss in the 6th by pretending they didn't just spend half the year declaring Ossoff the “Trump Slayer” while throwing money at him like a dancing woman on a pole.
Meanwhile, Republicans are gloating, Trump's doing his touchdown dance, and I'm writing this piece. So what in the world is wrong with the left these days, anyway?
Close More from OpsLens
The new-left's sustained effort to increase the size of their tent with identity politics over the years has led to strange bedfellow alliances within their ranks and the watering down of virtually all their groups. We're at the point where the modern left has become a smorgasbord of irony and no one can tell if they're actually being serious or if they are somehow messing with us. Every now and then I read something from a leftist source and then I have to scroll up and make sure I haven't been redirected to The Onion – no kidding.
When it comes to the Steve Scalise shooting, we've got regressive leftists who never shut up about a dominant male patriarchy doing their best impressions of an abusive husband who justifies bloodying his wife's lip because the dinner was cold. There's CBS's Scott Pelley calling the ambush on Republican lawmakers, “to a degree, self-inflicted.”
Advertisement
Then there's Joy Reed trying to make political hay by bringing on “Reverend” William Barber to talk about all of the policy positions Republicans take that make them deserving of being shot at by leftists as the phrase, “A Moral Moment” hilariously reads on the bottom of the screen. Only in lefty la la land is it moral to justify the shooting of a man because of how he votes in Congress – before he's even out of the hospital nonetheless. Its laughable until you realize how shockingly disturbing it is. After all, this is the stuff that spurs civil war conversation, is it not?
Then you have the pussy-hat wearing new-feminists aligning with a scoundrel like Linda Sarsour, who denies the ugly reality of mass scale female genital mutilation going on in the Islamic world while refusing to answer questions that come from white men. Don't save women's genitals, wear them on your head and yell “Trump hates women!” instead. Of course, when she does respond to critics – such as Ayaan Hirsi Ali – an actual victim of female genital mutilation in Somalia, her message is, “I wish I could take her vagina away. She doesn't deserve to be a woman.”
The irony is blinding. Sarsour has more in common with the men who victimize people like Hirsi Ali than she does with the doltish American women marching with her. This hag and feminism go together like lamb and tuna fish. Yet, here we are.
Advertisement
What else is the new-left up to? Well, they're indoctrinating gays to believe that anyone who criticizes Islam is somehow their de facto enemy of course. There's nothing more self-sabotaging than a gay American criticizing others for being Islamophobic, yet we continue to see incidents such as Charlotte Pride banning Trump-supporting gays from their parade like they did earlier this month. Spare us the “inclusivity” ear-beating, Charlotte Pride. Practice what you preach.
Groups like Gays for Trump who refuse to pretend that their own aren't being tortured and thrown from buildings all over the Middle East in the name of Islam are around because people with commonalities will always find the truth. Shariah Law is pretty harsh on virtually everyone that is not a fundamentalist Muslim, but if there is any group that should be inherently weary of Islam, it is the gay community.
How about the new-left's brainwashing of virtually every minority group to support abortion and Planned Parenthood even though black and Latino women are five times and two times respectively more likely to abort a pregnancy than white women in the US per the Center for Disease Control and Prevention?
Advertisement
We're always hearing the new-left say things like “Republicans get the white working class to vote against their own best interest,” but isn't Planned Parenthood a perfect example of how the Democrats are doing this to minorities? From a simply strategic standpoint, shouldn't minority groups want to grow in numbers to gain influence in government and shouldn't majority groups want to find ways to retain their majority status? Everyone knows Planned Parenthood was founded by white eugenicist, Margaret Sanger. Who does Plan Parenthood really help, average minority citizens or elitists clinging to power? This is basic stuff.
Ultimately, you have a message being driven by wealthy white “progressives” that says all minority groups should be banding together against anything and everything straight, white, male, or Christian – even though the Hispanic and black cultures are far more patriarchal and traditional in terms of same-sex marriage than atheist white democrats thanks to their own Christianity.
Catholicism and Southern Baptism have shown little budge in the acceptance of homosexuality even in modern times. As far as illegal immigration is concerned, how long can out-of-work black American citizens continue to support the pouring in of illegal immigrants that take jobs from them? Simply rallying against whiteness by default is not going to be enough in the long-term for groups to ignore the holes in the reason for doing it.
The regressive left is hell-bent on telling everyone that 2+2= 3 and that they're evil if they don't think the math adds up. Of course, none of it makes any sense, and that is why the new-left is doomed. The business model of pitting everyone against traditional American values regardless of how their own values clash with each other is just not sustainable.
There are two theoretical ways they can hold it all together as I see it. The first is to keep people completely ignorant of the above-mentioned realities, but we don't live in North Korea. They might have to turn off the MSM and do some personal research, but the truth is out there for people to find it when they are willing – and people will always be willing. Assuming these leftist lunatics don't turn us into North Korea, keeping us all from knowledge and truth will never work.
The second is to constantly convolute everything all the time and make people so confused that they can no longer think with their brain. When you accomplish this, it's easier to appeal to peoples' emotions and get them to speak, act, and vote on the “feels.” We all know war is bad, but how many people actually know what the hell is going on in the Middle East and can speak on it with authority?
The new-left wants us to feel overwhelmed with the multiple competing sects of Islam, the natural resources at stake, the Russia-US-Iran-Syria geopolitics, Saudi Arabia, Israel, Palestine, etc. and then show some horrible pictures of dead kids to guilt people into accepting predominantly grown men as refugees into their countries without any further questions – or you're an evil Islamophobe! That works only for so long, however, as there are people much more intelligent than I'm dominating the discussions based on logic and reason.
Albert Einstein once said that the definition of insanity was doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. It's like the quote was tailor made for the modern DNC, but they won't heed the words. To the new-left, there's no way for Einstein to be anything but a racist, xenophobic, homophobic, Islamophobic, bigot just like everybody else out there. No wonder their membership is dwindling.
London has just lost its title as the priciest city in the world and it has been replaced with—no surprises here—New York. (We're number one! We're number one!) The Wall Street Journal reported research, by the property broker Savill, that examines the costs for an employee to rent an apartment and work in an office for a year. According to WSJ, "London had spent the last 2½ years at the top." The fall came in July, due to a cooling real estate market that was especially accelerated by the Brexit vote. At the same time prices started lagging in London, New York rents increased marginally, Savills found.
Accommodation costs for one New York employee over a year rose two percent from December of last year, up to $114,010. Coming in second on the list was Tokyo, where the cost was up 1 percent to $100,984. London costs fell 11 percent to $100,141.
The high cost of living in New York is of no surprise to anybody. Although rents across the city were looking stagnant at the beginning of the summer, we've already got plenty of studies that show renting in NYC can be prohibitively expensive.
Despite having undergone surgeries on both hips within the past year, Ravens nose tackle Terrence Cody expressed confidence that he will play this season.
Cody is currently on the physically unable to perform list, which dictates he can't play in the first six games and is ineligible to practice.
"Yes sir, yes sir," Cody said at his locker Wednesday when asked if he believes he'll play this year. "I'm sure I will. I've got to play. It's been tough sitting there watching the game.
"You want to be out there to help your teammates and go through the battle with them and not just be one of the guys watching the game."
Cody first had surgery on his left hip a year ago, and he also had a procedure on his elbow. This year, it was his right hip, with the labral repaired each time.
"When I got the left hip done, there were problems in the right hip already," said Cody, a 2010 second-round draft pick from Alabama. "It wasn't severe enough to have surgery. As the season went on and rehab and everything, I was kind of compensating and putting a lot of stress on that side. It progressed as the damage went on."
Cody once weighed 400 pounds in junior college. He acknowledged his weight could have been a factor in the stress on his hips. Cody is visibly leaner now, with the 6-foot-4 defensive lineman saying he's lost roughly 60 pounds since his college days when he was an All-Southeastern Conference selection. Cody said he currently weighs 327 pounds.
"I feel good," he said. "I feel quick."
Cody was signed to a one-year, $730,000 contract in March that includes no guaranteed money. He had 15 tackles in a dozen games last seaosn with one start. In four NFL seasons, the former consensus All-American has 87 career tackles and two pass deflections with no sacks or forced fumbles.
On a defensive line that has lost Kapron Lewis-Moore and Brent Urban to season-ending injuries and has Chris Canty and Timmy Jernigan both dealing with knee injuries, Cody could provide depth later this season, if he's activated.
"It's been a long time," Cody said. "I'm itching to get back out there. I want to get healthy and stay healthy."
awilson@baltsun.com
twitter.com/RavensInsider
Could it be possible that ancient civilizations were interconnected thousands of years ago? Well according to thousands of underground tunnels that reach from North Scotland all the way to the Mediterranean, then the answer is a huge yes. While the motives behind these complex passages remains a mystery, many experts think that this huge 12,000-year-old network was made as a protection against predators and other dangers some 12,000 years ago. Some experts also believe that these sophisticated tunnels were used as modern-day highways, allowing the movement of people and connecting them to far-away destinations across Europe.
THE HUGE TUNNELS BUILT 12,000 YEARS AGO THAT STRETCH FROM TURKEY TO SCOTLAND ARE REAL
In the book Secrets Of The Underground Door To An Ancient World (German title: Tore zur Unterwelt) German archaeologist, Dr. Heinrich Kush says that evidence of extremely large underground tunnels has been discovered under dozens of Neolithic settlements all over the European continent. These complex tunnels are often called ancient highways.
According to Dr Kusch as we were taught at Disclose. Tv, the fact that numerous tunnels still exist today, after 12,000 years shows that the tunnels must have been both complex and extremely large in size. “Across Europe, there were thousands of them says Dr. Kusch, ” in Germany we have discovered hundreds of meters of underground tunnels. In Austria, we have found hundreds more. These underground tunnels can be found everywhere across Europe and there are thousands of them.” Said the German archaeologist. While some of the tunnels seem perhaps somewhat small- some of them measure over a meter in width and there are even other tunnels that have been discovered with underground chambers and storage sections. The fact that these tunnels have been unearthed points towards amazing ancient ingenuity which is anything but what the history books tells us today. Ancient mankind had the knowledge and resources to build complex structures over ten thousand years ago. Evidence of that is the Pyramids of Bosnia in Europe and their extraordinary underground tunnels that go on for kilometers.
Ancient cultures were connected thousands of years ago
Dr. Kusch says that ‘Across Europe, there were thousands of these tunnels – from the north in Scotland down to the Mediterranean. They are interspersed with nooks, at some places, it's larger and there is seating, or storage chambers and rooms. They do not all link up but taken together it is a massive underground network.' Cappadocia in Turkey is also an incredible example. The underground city of Derinkuyu is another piece of evidence which suggested towards the perfection and long-lost construction ways of our ancestors. The underground city of Derinkuyu is possibly one of the grandest achievements in underground construction combined with the huge network of tunnels. The geological features of the stone from Derinkuyu is something that is very crucial; it is very soft. Which made the ancient builders of Derinkuyu sure to be very careful when building these underground chambers as to be providing enough pillar strength to support the floors above; if this was not achieved, the city would have collapsed, but archaeologists have not found evidence of any “cave-ins” at Derinkuyu.
Other ancient monuments such as Gobekli Tepe are more pieces of very important evidence that suggest towards incredible skills and knowledge by people who lived on our planet over ten thousand years ago. According to Dr. Kusch, chapels were often built at the entrances to the underground tunnels because the Church were terrified of the heathen legacy the tunnels might have represented, and like so many other things, the church wanted to make sure that word about the tunnels was kept as a secret that nobody knew about. Writings have been discovered In some of the tunnels which refer to these underground tunnels as gateways to the underworld.
An MP has been arrested after trying to shoot another lawmaker during a row in Jordan's parliament.
Talal al-Sharif fired an AK-47 towards fellow-MP Qusay al-Dmeisi, but he missed and Dmeisi escaped unharmed.
The two had earlier had a fierce parliamentary exchange.
Afterwards al-Sharif went outside to fetch his assault rifle from his car, shouting that he was going to kill al-Dmeisi.
He was stopped by guards as he returned to the parliament, forcing him to shoot from the hallway. No one was hurt by the bullets which hit the wall and ceiling.
The MP now reportedly faces charges of attempted murder, possession of unlicenced firearms and resisting the security forces.
Al-Sharif is to be expelled, according to parliamentary officials, and al-Demsi is to be suspended for one year.
A parliamentary committee found al-Demsi guilty of inciting the attack by slapping al-Sharif in the face while they were shaking hands in an effort to resolve their dispute.
Local media reported that Jordan's King Abdullah II summoned the Speaker of the House Saad Hayel to discuss the shooting.
There was a similar incident last year when one member of parliament threatened an opponent with a pistol while being interviewed by a local TV station.
Story highlights Latina women a political forced to be reckoned with
Immigration and DREAM Act important issues to them
Latinos leaning toward Democrats for first time since Reagan era
When it comes to courting the Latino demographic, there's a demo within that demo that might be worth listening to.
Let's call it the Soccer mamis -- the Latina mothers who represent 55% of the overall U.S. population growth, according to 2010 Census figures. Their babies account for nearly a quarter of the children being born in the U.S.
Rene Alegria started a blog called Mamiverse targeting this group after doing marketing research that showed Latina moms have enormous influence over how their community makes decisions on things like buying and core beliefs.
"We're taught from a very early age to respect and honor our parents, our moms in particular," he said. "As more and more Latina moms attend college and enter the workforce, her opinions hold a tremendous amount of sway in areas way beyond the home. Politics is one of those areas."
Florida's 4.2 million Latinos represent the third-largest Latino population in the United States, 23% of all Floridians. So Alegria commissioned a poll to get some insight into what these Latino mommies care about in the days leading up to Tuesday's Republican primary. The survey, conducted by Latino Decisions, which gave it a sampling error of plus or minus 5 percentage points, was released to CNN Thursday morning.
When 300 "mamis" were asked which issues matter most to them, 49% chose the economy and jobs, an area where Latinos have been hit harder than the general population.
A national survey of 1,220 Latinos by Pew Hispanic Research the same day found that the national Latino population sees the economy as an even greater community crisis. That survey reported that 54% of Latinos believe the economic crisis has hit them worse than other groups, 59% said someone in their household is out of work and 75% said their personal finances are in "only fair" or "poor" shape.
There are 50 million Latinos in the United States, 16% of the nation's population.
But the influential issue that stood out for this group was immigration. Latino moms said immigration and the DREAM Act, which would provide a path to citizenship for children of illegal immigrants, were important to 32% of them and that they were 71% more likely to support a candidate based on his position on the DREAM Act.
JUST WATCHED Going after Florida's Latino vote Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Going after Florida's Latino vote 02:42
President Barack Obama supports the act, a proposal that would make it possible for illegal immigrants who crossed the border as children to get visas if they are studying or sign up for military service.
Republican candidates have opposed the DREAM Act, with Mitt Romney saying he would veto it and Newt Gingrich expressing support to get visas only for those who join the military.
Obama pointed that out in an interview on Wednesday with the Spanish-language Univision network.
"Obviously in the State of the Union yesterday, I couldn't have been clearer about not only my interest in comprehensive immigration reform, but if we can't do the whole package, at minimum let's get the DREAM Act done. But we now have two Republican candidates who said they'd veto a DREAM Act," the president said.
One Democratic consultant said a difference like that could mean the difference in an election.
"With the election being decided by just a few dozen votes in some cases, now more than ever emerging voter segments like these can have a major impact in a tight race," said Maria Cardona, a Democratic political consultant who is a contributor to both Mamiverse and CNN.
The poll results were co-sponsored by Impremedia, the nation's largest chain of Latino print and online journalism, which will be publishing the results in 15 markets.
Among the mamis, Obama would beat Romney in a hypothetical matchup 57%-28% and Obama would beat Gingrich 59%-26%. The sample was too small to get a read on how they would vote in the upcoming Republican primary.
Latino Decisions, which conducted the Mamiverse/Impremedia poll, released a larger survey on Wednesday of 500 Latinos on behalf of ABC News and Univision. That poll, with a 5% sampling error, has Obama ahead of Romney in Florida by 67%-25% and against Gingrich 70%-22%.
Obama still faced toughed questions in the Univision interview, his first after the State of Union in which he challenged Congress to move on immigration reform.
Asked why more illegal immigrants have been deported under his administration than any other, Obama said that his administration is enforcing the current law.
"That's the law that's on the books right now. And the way our system works," he said. "The president doesn't have the authority to simply ignore Congress and say, we're not going to enforce the laws that you've passed."
"What we do have the ability to do, and what we have systematically done, is to use our administrative authority to prioritize and say, let's not focus on DREAM Act kids."
The poll also showed education and jobs to be the top issue among all Latinos nationwide, but 25% said they felt Republicans are hostile toward them, 27% said immigration and the DREAM Act were top concerns for them and 54% said they would likely vote against a candidate who pledged to veto the DREAM Act, which Romney has said he would do.
The importance of immigration issues in deciding partisan affiliation has been borne out by other analyses of Latinos. According to Pew Hispanic Center, Latino support for Democrats has risen as the immigration debate heated up.
Republicans had a majority of Latino support until the 2008 election. Of the the 1.5 million Latinos registered to vote in Florida, there are now about 100,000 more registered as Democrats than Republicans.
The vitriol that surfaces when the immigration issue is discussed is what really disturbs most Latina moms and Latinos in general. Whatever a Latina mom's stance is on immigration, when they hear people use phrases like "those people," and "them," a negative impact is made.
Latino support for Republicans nationwide was at an all-time high under President Ronald Reagan -- whom Newt Gingrich evokes in his Spanish-language TV ads. Reagan signed the 1986 Immigration Reform and Control Act, which gave residency to 2.7 million undocumented immigrants. Both he and George W. Bush received Latino support estimated to run as high as 40%. Support for John McCain, who took a harder stand on immigration, was significantly lower.
Pew's most recent poll shows Obama with a 45-point lead over Romney, whom Gingrich called anti-immigrant in ads until he took them down following criticism from Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Florida. In a Univision interview on Wednesday, Romney said: "I am not anti-immigrant. I am pro-immigrant. I like immigration."
He specified that he was talking about legal immigration, which he has said he would encourage without giving specifics as to how that would affect available visas for the large number of applicants from Central and South America.
That ABC/Univision poll showed Romney with a 49%-23% lead over Gingrich among all Florida Latinos, with strong support among the two largest Latino demographics -- Cubans in South Florida and Puerto Ricans in Central Florida. For those two groups, immigration isn't an issue that affects them because Cubans enjoy a quick path to residency upon arrival in the U.S. and Puerto Ricans are born U.S. citizens.
But Alegria says that doesn't mean they have been unaffected by the vitriol over immigration.
"No matter what, the general population seems to categorize all Hispanics into one group. Anti-Hispanic laced rhetoric disguised as the 'immigration debate' is not good for anyone, whether you're Cuban, Puerto Rican, Honduran, or Mexican," he said.
Kiriakou writes: "The arrest this week of NSA contractor Reality Winner on Espionage Act charges of providing national defense information to The Intercept is the clearest evidence to date that President Donald Trump intends to continue former president Barack Obama's war on whistleblowers and transparency."
Reality Winner worked for an NSA contractor and has been arrested for allegedly leaking a top secret NSA document. (photo: Facebook)
What Reality Winner Did Was Heroic
By John Kiriakou, Reader Supported News
he arrests this week of NSA contractor Reality Winner on Espionage Act charges of providing national defense information to The Intercept is the clearest evidence to date that President Donald Trump intends to continue former president Barack Obama's war on whistleblowers and transparency. It also calls into question the professionalism of The Intercept's journalists, as well as the professional integrity of reporters Richard Esposito and Matthew Cole.
In the interest of full disclosure, I have a history with both Esposito and Cole. Esposito and I were friends for many years, and we worked together at ABC News from 2008 to 2009 and again from 2011 to 2012. My history with Cole is far more sordid. Cole approached me in 2008 to say that he was writing a book on the CIA's rendition program. He sent me a list of a dozen names and asked if I could introduce him to anybody on the list. I told him truthfully that I was not involved in renditions and that I did not know anybody on the list. He followed up with a second list, and then a third. I finally said that he obviously knew the issue far better than I did and that I just couldn't be helpful. Finally, he said, “What about the guy you mentioned in your [first] book? I think his name was ‘John.'” I said, “You're talking about John Doe. He must be retired by now and living somewhere in Virginia.” That conversation was a crime. I confirmed the name of a former colleague to Cole. Even though I had no idea that colleague was still undercover, it was still a felony.
But the story gets much worse. As it turned out, Cole was never working on any book. Instead, he was secretly acting as an investigator for the Guantanamo defense attorneys. He took John Doe's name, sent it to a fellow investigator, John Sifton, and Sifton sent it to the attorneys. The attorneys then put the name in a sealed, classified motion asking the judge for permission to interview Doe. The Guantanamo judge immediately recognized that the name was classified and he called the FBI. The FBI subpoenaed the defense attorneys' emails and traced one back to Sifton. Sifton either cooperated with the FBI (he later testified against me in the grand jury) or the FBI subpoenaed his emails, and traced the information back to Cole.
The next step is still a mystery. The FBI either subpoenaed Cole's emails – those of a working journalist – or Cole ratted me out to the FBI. Neither Cole nor the FBI have ever said what happened.
And it wasn't just me who Cole manipulated. In the course of my case, my investigators found ten pages of handwritten notes from Cole, provided to us by a friendly attorney, wherein Cole had spoken with a disgruntled former CIA employee who had eventually given him the names of ten different undercover CIA officers. Cole also passed these names to the Guantanamo defense attorneys, whose investigators then photographed these officers at a secret CIA site so that the Guantanamo detainees they represented could identify them. That's not journalism. It's activism. It's also highly unethical.
Fast-forward seven years. The Intercept promotes itself as the go-to place for national security whistleblowers. The outlet even has its PGP encryption keys on its website, where it encourages national security professionals to send in classified documents. That's a great idea and one that I support fully. Apparently, that's what Reality Winner did. She sent The Intercept an NSA analysis of Russian involvement in hacking related to the 2016 presidential election. Esposito and Cole, however, in an ill-advised attempt to “authenticate” the document, sent it to one of their “NSA contacts,” who immediately alerted authorities. Winner was arrested mere hours after the Esposito/Cole article was published.
How did the FBI zero in on Winner so quickly? Admittedly, she made mistakes. She initially contacted The Intercept from a work computer. And when she finally sent the document in, she left identifying information on it. More importantly – and this is something that every journalist who purports to be a specialist in national security ought to know – NSA marks every single document with microscopic tags. When an NSA employee prints a document, there are tiny markings indicating that that specific employee has printed it. When Esposito and Cole showed a copy of the original document. to their NSA contact, they had sealed Winner's fate.
And now Winner faces charges under the Espionage Act, a 1917 law designed to combat spies and saboteurs. It's like using an iron fist to kill a fly. As recently as the Clinton administration, such revelations of classified information were dealt with administratively and internally. When I was at the CIA, I worked with a woman who was accused of providing classified information on Iran to a CNN reporter with whom she was having an affair. The leak was traced to her, she admitted passing the information, and she was suspended without pay for six weeks and barred from promotion for three years. Her career eventually recovered, and she was promoted into the Senior Intelligence Service. There was no Espionage Act prosecution for her.
We now know where Trump stands on whistleblower issues. He stands with Obama. He stands as an enemy of transparency. Let me be clear: Reality Winner is a whistleblower. I don't care what her motivation for disclosing the document was. It's irrelevant. What is relevant is that the American people have a right to know what she revealed. Why is it a secret that the Russians were working to elect Donald Trump? There is a public interest in disseminating that information.
Winner faces the possibility of many years in prison. But what she did was heroic. The American people will come to recognize that. And in the meantime, she's going to take her place in a long line of truth-tellers. Esposito and Cole, meanwhile, should see the unemployment line.
John Kiriakou is a former CIA counterterrorism officer and a former senior investigator with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. John became the sixth whistleblower indicted by the Obama administration under the Espionage Act - a law designed to punish spies. He served 23 months in prison as a result of his attempts to oppose the Bush administration's torture program.
Reader Supported News is the Publication of Origin for this work. Permission to republish is freely granted with credit and a link back to Reader Supported News.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- It was supposed to be a fun girls' night out, celebrating a relative's birthday. However, last Tuesday night quickly turned into a humiliating ordeal for Zhanitah Ross and Constance Russell, when an incident in the bathroom, left both women soaked in dirty toilet water.
“We came out smelling like Victoria's Secret and perfume and we left smelling like urine,” Russell said.
Ross and Russell said they spent the evening of May 9 at the Alcove Martini Bar on Richmond's East Main Street.
At one point in the night, both women said they went to use the restroom.
While Russell said she was looking in the mirror, Ross claimed she went into the stall, unaware that the toilet was not secured firmly to the ground.
“When I stooped down to use the bathroom, the toilet fell over and knocked me over,” Ross said.
She explained the surging water kept knocking her off her feet.
“It kept knocking me over and the water was coming up out of the floor. It was rushing- rushing- rushing,” she explained.
Russell said she tried to help her panicked friend after she heard screams coming from the bathroom stall.
In doing so, she said she also ended up falling to the ground and spraining her arm.
The women said they called an ambulance as a precaution and documented the capsized toilet and flooded bathroom with a cell phone.
Later that night, both Ross and Russell went to Memorial Regional Medical Center to be checked out. While their injuries were minor, both women said they were shocked over the response they received that night from Alcove's manager, and again the next day from the business owner.
Ross said despite initially agreeing to help pay for any medical expenses, the owner later refused to offer insurance information when Ross contacted him the following day.
“I asked him if I could have that information and he told me ‘no,' his insurance company would not speak to me,” Ross said.
Ross and Russell said they became more upset after reading several complaints on social media regarding the restaurant's bathroom facilities, including some complaints that dated back to January.
While both women said they were reluctant to contact the media for assistance, they said the embarrassment of the night has already been felt.
“No one wants to leave a bar and walk through a crowd of people soaking wet, smelling like urine and toilet water,” Ross said. “Can you imagine how humiliating that was?”
Despite initially speaking with CBS 6 News on the phone, the business owner later asked to remove his comments from the record.
Both women said they were told by the owner to contact an attorney if they wanted to pursue legal action.
Special Note: BackerKit Post-Campaign
We will still be offering these Tinker Dice over on BackerKit, even after the campaign here closes. If you'd like to pick some up, please come visit the BackerKit system here:
Tinker Dice II on BackerKit
And please spread the word! Thank you!
What are Tinker Dice II?
Tinker Dice II are plastic dice, standard sized (16-20mm), with custom engraving and plastic colors. They will be available in common RPG and gaming designs, namely, the D4, D6, D8, D10, D10 decader, D12 and D20 shapes.
They will be made in seven different colors, two of which are in the photo above (the brown and green), and the remainder are in the concept phase, as seen here:
The first two, the dark brown and pearlescent green, correlate with the color themes in our Tinker and Rusty Tinker decks from last year. We also have a pledge tier that you can use to pick up a few of those decks if you'd like, at a slight discount over adding them in as Add Ons. (There are more photos of the cards over on our Pinterest page.)
Tinker Deck and Rusty Deck Aces
We've already paid for the moulds for all seven dice, and as seen above, we have some samples of the D6 and D20 dice. The factory is finishing up other moulds right now, with prototype dice seen in our update over here:
Proto Photos
What's with the II?
Once upon a time, Tinker Dice were proposed steampunk-themed custom plastic dice. That campaign didn't get enough traction to fund, so the Tinker Dice designs were resurrected in metal. They proved to be more popular, largely because metal dice are really cool, but we still want to make the designs available in plastic. We can do more with color using plastics, and the dice won't be as rough on your table.
2 generations of Tinker Dice
So, the II is simply to differentiate these Tinker Dice from those two previous projects. We're also taking this opportunity to expand the Tinker Dice line to include some other polyhedral designs instead of just the D6 designs. We're expanding what we can offer with the Tinker Dice designs.
Why?
There are plenty of custom dice out there. There are a bunch of mechanical or steampunk styled custom dice. I've even designed some of them. So why make more? I say, why not?
Dice are among the most affordable pieces of gaming art that can be made, at least if you can leverage the economy of scale and get a nice, big, juicy order to a manufacturer. Dice also are just fun little tactile toys and game components.
I'd love to have some of these dice in my collection, and I'd love to get them to other people who might be interested as well. So, I'm bringing these designs to Kickstarter to see if we can put together a sufficiently sized order to make these Tinker Dice II happen at a good price point.
Rewards
We have a few options, mostly sets of the most popular D6 dice, as well as the full sets of Game dice. Each set would consist of a D4, a D6, a D8, a D10, a D10 decader, a D12 and a D20, all-in-one of the seven possible colors.
There is also a Spectrum Set that will have one of each color in it, though which die is which color will be random. (So you might wind up with a Brown D20, a Green D12, a Royal D10 decader, an Amber D10, a Scrimshaw D8, a Verdigris D6 and an Obsidian D4... or some other mix. You'll get one of each die size and one of each color.)
There are a few other options, like D20, D10 and D6 groups, ready-made for some of the different wargames and RPGs out there.
I collect dice, and have found many kindred spirits in the Dice Maniacs' Club on Facebook. It's an excellent resource for collectors and filled with great people. We have a "collectors" tier specifically for those who want one of each die (seven sets, one of each color), the First Generation Collector's tier.
Add Ons/Mergers
In the past, we have offered "Add On" items if you wanted to pick up some of our past goods that we still happen to have on hand. Kickstarter doesn't have a native system for this, so we've become fond of BackerKit. It's Yet Another Place To Login, but it's a nicely crafted site and it's well suited to picking up extra oddments in a project.
Since we're now funded (thank you!), we'll be using BackerKit at the end of the campaign to sort out what everyone is getting. If you want to pick up any of our older oddments like the metal Tinker Dice or the Tinker Decks, you can add money to your pledge now for them, or later in BackerKit. It is another couple of hoops to jump through, which we're sorry for, but at present, it will be the best way for us to offer you those remnants.
You can add money to your pledge here in Kickstarter, which will help us unlock the remaining colors, or you can add money in BackerKit. Either will actually help us get the other colors, but if you add money to your pledge here, it might be a bit more visible to the stretch goal process which can help generate more interest.
Also, if you want to pick up more than one of this campaign's pledge tiers, say, a 6D6 set and a 10D10 set, please just pick one tier to pledge for, it doesn't much matter which, and add the tier values together and enter that as your pledge value. That sort of "merger" of tiers can be clarified in BackerKit, or you can simply tell us what you want to merge together in the surveys at the end of this project.
I know, it's unwieldy, but at the moment, it's easier than making dozens of tiers to cover possible permutations. Thank you!
Stretch Goals
We have a few plans for making spiffy new packaging for the dice sets. With the current budget, each set of dice will ship in a small plastic bag inside of a bubble mailer or box, as appropriate. If we get to $10,000, each set will come in a plastic tube like you might see in your local game shop. This will be a free upgrade for each set.
Thank you for your interest! Please spread the word and let's see what we can do with Tinker Dice II!
Fans of rent control cheered yesterday when the Supreme Court declined to take up a case challenging New York's rent-stabilization laws. Yet killing the rent laws would be the best way to get us back to broadly affordable housing.
In March, Manhattan rents blew past their 2007 high: The average rent (excluding rent-stabilized apartments) is now $3,418. This is a real crisis; people can't find or are being driven from their homes.
This, when the local economy is far from booming. As The Post recently reported, the city's overall unemployment rate now stands at 10.2 percent. The rate in Manhattan, 8.5 percent, is still nearly double the 2007 level.
That means housing demand should be relatively weak, so the problem is supply. Indeed, only 2,229 apartments are slated to enter the Manhattan market this year — a third off the average of the last seven years.
Why are so few apartment buildings being built if rents are so high?
The city has a host of laws that make construction more expensive, but the rent laws are the worst.
Tenants living in buildings built before 1974 (and often their children) must be given a never-ending series of lease renewals at the “legal” rents. That means these older buildings can't be demolished and replaced with modern high rises, because there's no way to evict the protected tenants.
That's why the city's streetscape is still littered with century-old tenements — low-rise “walk ups” with outdoor fire escapes. In a free market, developers would assemble and then demolish several adjacent tenements, and build a modern structure with hundreds of apartments to replace those lost.
Thanks to the rent laws, even a single protected tenant can block a major development. They can even bar development of vacant land — if the open area is a green space used by nearby rent-stabilized tenants, it may be considered a protected amenity the landlord can't take away.
The result: Rent laws have been effective in limiting the supply of the city's housing stock, and in consequence have had the opposite effect on overall rent levels.
That is, they protect a lucky few — while leaving everyone else, especially newcomers, high and dry.
Yes, it's possible to make sure Manhattan can still house a middle class without causing these sky-high rents.
For example, we could allow a developer to evict rent-stabilized tenants provided he had approved plans (and financing) for a new high rise, with some of the new apartments (more than those lost) committed to enter the rent-stabilization system.
Of course, the existing tenants would have to be displaced (at least temporarily) — but the law could give them first dibs on the new rent-stabilized apartments.
That wouldn't be popular with rent-stabilized tenants, but it would enhance and modernize the city's stock of affordable housing, while over time relieving the terrible shortage and surging rents we're now seeing.
(The “luxury decontrol” provisions in the rent laws don't do the trick: So long as a building has even one rent-stabilized tenant left, it can't be razed to make way for a modern structure.)
In 1974, the Legislature declared that New York City was suffering a housing emergency and enlarged the class of buildings subject to the rent laws. But the 38-year-long “emergency” has only grown worse.
Most would-be renters have great difficulty finding an apartment — the vacancy rate is only 1 percent — and once they do, now face prohibitive rents: $1,953 for studios; $2,747 for one-bedrooms; $3,865 for two-bedrooms; and $5,107 for three-bedrooms.
Some crowd in with extra roommates; others are forced out of their homes — often to the outer boroughs — when presented with renewal leases they can't afford.
This is terribly unfair, especially considering that rent stabilization is not means-tested. A millionaire occupying a rent-stabilized apartment with a rent below $2,500 a month gets the same protection as someone on welfare. The status quo also robs city government of millions in tax revenues it would derive from new rental buildings.
So, while the Supreme Court isn't rescuing us from the mess we've made of our housing market, the alarm bell of surging rents despite high unemployment should wake us up. New York City simply can't go on promoting affordable housing by granting absurd privileges to long-term tenants.
Stephen B. Meister, a partner at Meister, Seelig & Fein LLP, litigates real-estate cases, including some involving rent stabilization.
Who said George W. Bush is not a friend to the hip hop community? The president has gone and pardoned John Forte, a rapper (who got briefly famous doing tracks with the Fugees) who's been in prison since 2000 for a cocaine smuggling conviction. $1.4 million in liquid coke through the Newark airport, to be precise. I forgive Bush for the wars and everything now! Forte has always maintained his innocence, but so does everyone else in jail, and you don't see Republican Christian fundamentalist zealot politicians pardoning them. So why did W. set Forte free? It's those private school connections paying off:
[Carly] Simon and Ben Taylor, her son by singer James Taylor, had lobbied the feds to commute Forte's sentence, arguing he was a first-time offender. Ben Taylor and Forte had become friends at the Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire. Taylor often took him to visit his family, and Forte once worked as a backup singer for Simon.
There you have it: rappers will be considered for pardons as long as they made friends with the children of celebrities while attending pricey private schools. Utah Sen. Orrin Hatch also lobbied Bush to let him go! That is simply too awesome to be critical about. Welcome home, John. Kick these verses for Orrin:
[NYP; pic via RS]
Until last fall I perceived the president as a person lacking initiative, who was either chronically late to respond to developments or preferred not to respond at all. However, after last September my (and many others') opinion of Mr. Putin changed. The president dared a breakthrough in Russia's relations with the rest of the world. He made a strategic choice in favor of the West. He also caught Western leaders by surprise after the September 11 terrorist attacks, when he unconditionally supported the anti-terrorist coalition, and when he called NATO Secretary General Robertson and stated directly that relations between Russia and the Alliance couldn't have been worse and that something had to be done to improve them… And President Putin goes on breaking these stereotypes by not overreacting to the US withdrawing from the ABM Treaty, or to America's military presence in Central Asia, or to Washington's plans for Iraq. The nation demands that the president show some strength, but I believe he feels that any door-slamming would only result in another humiliation for Russia. What happened in September, exactly, was that Russia consciously and voluntarily undertook the role of another great power's junior partner – an unprecedented case in world history. Thus, President Putin ended an entire era in the history of the Russian Empire's development.
Cogliano and Charlie do everything together, including beach outings, like this one in Tofino, British Columbia. (all photos courtesy of Cogliano)
Andrew Cogliano hasn't missed a day of work in his NHL career (his streak of 586 games – and counting – is currently the longest active Ironman streak in the league). He's as tough as they come, but off the ice, he's like anyone else around these parts. The native of Toronto, Ontario is laid back and easygoing, a perfect blend that fits in with Orange County, the place he's called home since being acquired from the Edmonton Oilers in July 2011.
And if you ever see him away from an NHL arena, it's likely he'll be accompanied by his best friend – a three-year-old chocolate lab named Charlie.
What's it like being a dog owner?
I never had a dog growing up, never grew up with dogs. But my girlfriend, when I first met her, had a couple of them. I kind of just fell in love with animals, especially dogs. They're pretty special, especially when you have one. You have a bond with it.
Tell us about your dog.
He's three years old now and he's a good dog. I'm addicted to- and obsessed with him. At the end of the day, he ends up being a part of your family, and ends up basically being your kid. He's grown into that.
What is it about a human-canine relationship? Is it that unconditional love that they're known for?
It has to be that. At the end of the day, they're helpless. They depend on you for everything. It makes you feel good to have a dog and to give it a great life, which they deserve. They have personalities, so they're kind of like people. As a guy who loves dogs, you just have that bond.
And no matter what kind of day you've had, to come home and see his face must lift your spirits.
If there is one guy who is happy to see you no matter if you have a good game or bad game, it's him. Or if something isn't right, they know. They have that sixth sense. That's what they're known for.
Being a professional athlete who spends just as much time on the road as at home, what kind of challenges do you encounter being a dog owner?
It's tough, but I have a good system. When I don't have people here taking care of him, like my girlfriend or my family, I have a doggy daycare that Charlie goes to. The guy's name is Kevin and he has a company on Newport Peninsula called Newport Tails. He does a good job. Kevin likes him and he likes Kevin. Charlie ends up staying at his place for games. It makes it easy on me. I send him there in the morning and on game days I come back, leave his food out, he drops him off at five o'clock, and I see him after the game.
Where do you like to take your dog in your spare time?
I take him to the dog beach, either in Huntington or Newport, or I just take him to the park. Being a retriever, he loves to fetch and it's something he's really good at.
Do you and your teammates organize doggy playdates?
I take him to play with Nate Thompson's dogs, Diesel and Guinness, and Karl [Matt Beleskey's famed Bulldog] is just around the corner. Jacks [Tim Jackman] has Bud. Sometimes the girlfriends and wives get together and go for hikes with the dogs. It's good to have guys on the team with dogs.
You recently posted a photo of the two of you looking out onto the Honda Center ice. How did he enjoy that experience?
That was the first time he ever saw ice or anything that resembled snow. My girlfriend wanted to go for a skate with him. It was pretty fun.
The Department of Justice has accused a Louisiana resident of selling counterfeit coupons over the anonymous online marketplace known as the Silk Road.
The man allegedly behind the scheme, 30-year-old New Orleans resident Beau Wattigney, is being charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and conspiracy to commit trademark counterfeiting.
ADVERTISEMENT
The charges are part of the Department of Justice's broader effort to crack down on the cyber crime driven by the vast underground markets on the dark Web, which hides the identity of its users.
“Anonymous online marketplaces have provided criminals with the ability to conduct illegal operations worldwide while seemingly insulating them from apprehension and prosecution,” said Assistant Attorney General Leslie Caldwell in a statement Thursday.
According to the DOJ, Wattigney used the Silk Road to sell what appeared to be print-at-home coupons.
He gave the vouchers a sheen of authenticity by using the trademarks for well-known coupon distributors like Hopster, Coupons.com, SmartSource and RedPlum. Wattigney also profited off a voucher allegedly allowing people to buy $50 Visa Gift Cards for a penny each.
The DOJ said more than 50 companies could have been affected by Wattigney's actions. If each counterfeit coupon he sold were redeemed, DOJ officials estimated it would result in the loss of over $1 million to these businesses.
In the past year, the DOJ has been aggressively targeting the Silk Road and other dark Web marketplaces.
The department recently secured the conviction of Ross Ulbricht, the man behind the original Silk Road, which sold virtually any illicit good or service, including drugs and allegedly murder for hire.
The site was shut down in late 2013, but various imitators have popped up since. Federal law enforcement officials last fall brought down hundreds of websites accused of selling illegal goods in a major dark Web sweep.
These sites operate over the Tor network, which sends users' activity through a series of nodes, cloaking their identity and location. Customers also use largely untraceable digital currencies like bitcoin to make transactions.
“The Criminal Division is determined to peel back the veil of anonymity and prosecute criminals of all stripes who attempt to use the ‘dark Web' to cloak their illegal conduct,” Caldwell said Thursday.
Nicolai "HUNDEN" Petersen has joined ALTERNATE aTTaX, moving out of the Danish scene to take over the leadership of the German squad.
After a long tenure in the lower echelons of the Danish scene, where he leads players such as Jakob "JUGi" Hansen, Nikolaj "niko" Kristensen and Kristian "k0nfig" Wienecke early in their careers, Nicolai "HUNDEN" Petersen has decided to try out a new challenge, joining ALTERNATE aTTaX.
HUNDEN will be calling in English for the first time in his career
The Danish in-game leader's tenure has been marked by his best players being picked up by organizations higher up the food chain, with Heroic's acquisitions of JUGi, niko and Patrick "es3tag" Hansen being the latest ones.
HUNDEN confessed that dealing with the Danish scene was becoming frustrating, and that lead him to join the German team:
"I honestly needed to try something new. Danish Counter-Strike has irritated me on an extreme level for some time now, and the evil circle continued to arise each time the team reached a certain level." "So today I am joining ALTERNATE, where the goal is the same, but the challenge is different. This will be my first time to act as an English speaking in-game leader. It's a tough task, but we are making progress every single day."
Niklas "Sliver" Timmermann, ALTERNATE aTTaX's Deputy Manager, added a statement as well, welcoming HUNDEN and saying goodbye to Christian "crisby" Schmitt:
"Rumors already called it and now we may gladly confirm that we've just signed more than a player but a GOD in his profession! From now on Hunden will be our IGL. May the heavens have mercy with our opponents, Hunden won't." "Still, we would like to thank Crisby for his extraordinary services in the last two years."
ALTERNATE aTTaX now have the following roster.
1 year ago
We are super excited to start talking with the community about what is coming out of Rooster Teeth's Product and Engineering team!
Rooster Teeth Engineering not only works on the website but also builds a lot of backend systems and apps (like iPhone, Android, AppleTV, XBox, etc.). We also decide what those should look like and how they should function.
We have been designing a video experience that allows you to watch videos with your friends. This is more than just making clicky boxes that show a video. Its building all the tools that make Rooster Teeth a fun place to be!
Building a better platform for you, requires writing a bunch of services. Some of these will facilitate better account management, while others will allow for better video processing. The really exciting services will allow you to communicate more easily with one another. All of these will come together to create a new, faster, and simpler video experience. They will also give us some of the framework needed to make a functional and speedy community.
Over the next few months we'll start showing you what we're building. The first set of changes are going to be an overhaul of the video viewing experience. If you want to have early access to these changes, please sign up via this form.
Channing Frye has played a huge part in Orlando's success this year. What aspects of his game are helping the team thrive?
There is no question Channing Frye has been a huge part of the Orlando Magic's success so far in the 2016 season.
After struggling to live up to his contract last season, Frye now looks like the guy general manager Rob Hennigan envisioned when signing him to the 4-year, $32-million contract in 2014.
Coach Scott Skiles decided to replace Victor Oladipo in the starting lineup with Frye before the Nov. 25 game against the New York Knicks coming off two straight losses, and since the move, the Magic are 10-4.
Frye has showed significant progress both offensively and defensively allowing this move to become a success.
I have yet to meet any non-vegetarian who doesn't like haleem. For those of you who has never had haleem or are not aware of what it is here is a little description. Traditional haleem is a soup that is made with mixed lentils and meat (usually red meat – lamb, goat or beef), cooked slowly to make sure that the lentils are soft and the meat has disintegrated into the soup like dish. It is served with your choice of condiments like lime, fried onions known as beresta and others. This is one of our favourite dishes but I don't like standing by the stove or at least the constant vigilance that is required for the long slow cooking. So I have taken the traditional recipe and, without compromising taste, adopted it for the slow-cooker.
Slow-Cooker Haleem
Ingredients:
2 Lamb Shanks cut into pieces (or about 2 lbs of meat with bones)
1.5 to 2 cups mixed Daal
2 cups Onions, finely diced
2 tbs Garlic paste
3-4 tsp Ginger paste
6-7 Cardamom
3 – 1″ pieces Cinnamon stick
4-6 Allspice, whole
1 tsp Clove
1 tsp Black Pepper, whole
1 tsp Turmeric powder
1/2 tsp Chili powder, (use more or less to taste)
2 tsp Coriander powder
2 tsp Cumin Powder
1 cube beef bullion or 1 cup broth
Salt to taste
Green chili, for cooking
Oil for cooking
3-4 bay leaves (optional)
Condiments:
Cumin-Coriander powder, equal amounts toasted and ground (fresh)
Beresta (fried onion)
Fresh Ginger, julienned for condiment
Coriander leaves, chopped
Green Chili, finely chopped
Lime or Lime Juice
Wash the meat and drain all water. Set aside.
Wash the daal and place in slow-cooker. Do not turn on slow-cooker.
In a pot heat oil and add bay leaves, cinnamon and cardamon. Once they are aromatic (about 30 seconds) add onions and saute until the onions are starting to turn light golden (stir as needed). Add ginger and garlic pastes. Saute for another minute or so stirring as required. Add allspice, clove, pepper, turmeric, chili powder, cumin powder, coriander powder and incorporate with the onions. Add one or two green chilies and a about 1/4 cup of water and cook the spice mixture until the water is evaporated and oil separates. Add the meat and coat the meat with the spice mixture. Cook for about 5-10 minutes. Stirring occasionally if needed. Now add the meat with the spice mixture to the daal in slow-cooker. Add the bullion or broth. Add enough water to cover all the ingredients. Be generous with your water as lentils and beans tend to absorb large amount of water. Turn on your slow-cooker and cook. In low cook for 4-6 hours and on high about 3 hours. Once cooked taste for salt and add as required. Also if the haleem is too thick, add more liquid and bring to a boil. Depending on the size of your slow-cooker, you may need to transfer to a large pot and do this last step on the stove top.
Serve with condiments and allow each individual to add condiments to their liking.
This will make enough servings for 6-8 as main course or 10-12 as soup or appetizer.
Notes:
Another meat like chicken or beef can be substituted for lamb.
If you don't want to use broth or bullion, substitute with water.
If you don't have a slow-cooker, make it on stove top by cooking it over low heat until the meat comes off the bones and the daal is cooked. A pressure cooker can be used as well.
Advertisements
Former President Obama sat down with Britain's Prince Harry for a BBC Radio program broadcast Wednesday and discussed a wide range of topics, including what he felt during President Trump's inauguration.
While Obama told Prince Harry he had mixed feelings, overall, he felt “serenity.”
"The sense that there was a completion, and that we had done the work in a way that preserved our integrity and left us whole and that we hadn't fundamentally changed, I think was a satisfying feeling," he said.
"That was mixed with all the work that was still undone and concerns about how the country moves forward. But overall there was a serenity there, more than I would have expected."
Obama also commented on the use of social media in office, although didn't single Trump out by name.
"All of us in leadership have to find ways in which we can recreate a common space on the internet," Obama said. "One of the dangers of the internet is that people can have entirely different realities. They can be cocooned in information that reinforces their current biases."
He continued: "The question has to do with how do we harness this technology in a way that allows a multiplicity of voices, allows a diversity of views, but doesn't lead to a Balkanization of society and allows ways of finding common ground."
The former president also stressed the importance of interacting with people "because the truth is that on the internet everything is simplified and when you meet people face to face it turns out they are complicated."
Houses in many respects are like people. Some lead very interesting lives with their simple architectural display, and grow old gracefully. Some have mystery attached to their arches, and they become intriguing. Some tie up historical events with people and intrigue becoming massive with significant.
Walk alone the streets in the Heart of French Louisiana where homes have a lot to say. You are at the beginning of the City of Lafayette and the end of Jean Mouton's Plantation called Ile Copale (Gumtree Island) here at the corner of Lee and Jefferson.
To know more about Lafayette Historical Building, see " City-Parish Register of Historic Properties " from Preservation Alliance of Lafayette.
CREDITS
Lafayette Conventions And Visitors Bureau
Lafayette Clerk of Court Mr. Louis J. Perret
Downtown Development Authority -- Downtown Lafayette
Acadiana Center for the Arts
CODOFIL Louisiana Office of Francophone Affairs
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Mike Huckabee is a conservative. In fact, he's the most genuinely appealing conservative — the best communicator, the warmest personality — in the upper echelons of the Republican Party. Ad Policy
It is easy to see why those who have not followed the decay of the conservative wing of the Grand Old Party wanted Huckabee to take up the banner of Barry Goldwater-John Ashbrook-Ronald Reagan conservatism and carry it into a new presidential race.
But Huckabee well recognizes that the idealism of old has given way to a crude win-at-any-cost calculation that makes little attempt to promote conservative ideals — focusing instead on fear, smear and attack to keep the party viable.
That's an ugly calculus. And Huckabee has never embraced it. Indeed, in 2008, he frequently counseled fellow Republicans that it would be a "fatal mistake" to try and stir up opposition to Barack Obama based on his race. "When people are really hurting – and they are right now – they're not looking at a person's race," Huckabee explained.
And he was right.
This is the real explanation of why Huckabee won't be running in 2012.
The former governor — who I have interviewed numerous times over the years and who I have always regarded as a rare maverick on a generally predictable political scene — was the most genuinely Reagan-esque of the potential contenders for the party's nomination to challenge President Obama.
Unfortunately for Huckabee, his party and his country, today's GOP no longer approves of or even makes much attempt to emulate the conservatism that Goldwater, Reagan and their kind brought into the American political mainstream.
This was a problem for Huckabee. While he polled well with grassroots Republicans, who approved of his homey, upbeat, outside-the-beltway and slightly off-message approach, he was never a favorite of the money men or the DC-based strategists who run the show via faked up groups such as Americans for Prosperity and Crossroads GPS.
Why? To a far greater extent than most contemporary Republicans, the former governor of Arkansas has remained a true believer in the values (and the stylistic approach) of the optimistic “new right” of the 1960s and 1970s – a right that marched into the middle of the Grand Old Party, shoved aside the liberal “Rockefeller Republicans” and the Middle-American pragmatists and cleared the way for Reagan's nomination and election to the presidency in 1980.
But, because Huckabee is a true son of the oddly upbeat movement that was characterized as “the new right,” he recognized that his way to the 2012 GOP nomination was anything but clear.
There is no question that Huckabee is a hero of the religious right; he's a favorite on the Christian school fund-raising circuit where he raises millions for private education.
Those connections would have seen him throughthe Iowa caucuses and some key primaries in mid-south states where evangelicals are the base of the GOP. But he would have faced a brutal battering on the campaign trail. Why? Despite the best efforts of liberal pundits to portray the Arkansan as some sort of drooling “Huckabeast," he has always been, like Goldwater and Reagan before him, a believer in forging a popular — even populist — conservative vision that appealed to a majority of Americans.
As such, Huckabee regularly refused to go along with the more ideologically-extreme and flat-out crooked proposals that the American Legislative Exchange Council and other corporate-front groups have tried to impose on the states. Even Democrats who disagreed with him acknowledged that, as governor, Huckabee showed a degree of genuine concern for low-income kids, rural schools and communities of color. ABC News has noted that Huckabee's"record as pro-government governor" would not sit well with the party establishment, and there is some truth to the observation.
When he ran for the Republican nomination in 2008, Huckabee actually reached out to working people and their unions – expressing a measure of opposition to free-trade deals and tax breaks for multinational corporations that outsource jobs. That won him a Republican-primary endorsement from the Machinists union and some friendly words from labor leaders.
Huckabee also questioned whether the United States had gotten into too many wars without considering exit strategies. No, he was not a Ron Paul-style anti-warrior. But Huckabee sounded like a lot of Main Street Republicans (and Democrats) who ask whether the neoconservatives really have all the answers.
That slim but real independent streak earned Huckabee some of the hardest hits of his political career in 2008. Corporate-funded attack groups and his fellow Republican contenders attacked him with everything they had in their arsenals. They made it clear that Huckabee was not crazy enough, not extreme enough, not mean enough to lead a party that was (and is) running on a toxic blend of smear and vitriol.
Huckabee knew that he would be hit even harder this year, as more extreme and unforgiving ideological purists – and their corporate benefactors – have hijacked the party of optimistic conservatism. This GOP would not nominate a Goldwater or Reagan – both of whom had records of supporting abortion rights and gay rights, and neither of whom was willing to demonize all Democrats in the way that, say, a Sarah Palin or a Michele Bachmann does.
Huckabee's not really a hater.
And he knows his party is looking for mean this year.
A- A+
By Amina Khan Los Angeles Times
Meet MagnetoSperm! No, it's not a precursor to a movie called ‘X-Men: The Next Generation' — it's a tiny, swimming robot inspired by sperm cells.
Described in the journal Applied Physics Letters, such microrobots — if further scaled down — could become valuable tools for in vitro fertilization, delivering targeted drugs into the body or even performing minimally invasive surgical procedures.
Ick factor vies with cool factor in this bioinspired bot's story.
“Sperm was chosen because of its streamlined shape,” lead researcher Sarthak Misra, a roboticist at the University of Twente in the Netherlands, said of the team's inspiration. “And we found it is also quite efficient in terms of traveling distances in environments that (have) varying fluid flow.... Sperm cells are adept to that and can move really well.”
The microrobots measure just 322 micrometers long, 5.2 micrometers wide and 42 micrometers thick, and their heads are coated with a 200-nanometer nickel-cobalt layer that allows them to respond to a magnetic field.
Microrobots are often limited to larger-than-ideal sizes because they need to have their power and navigation systems attached, which can get bulky, said Misra, who spoke from Hong Kong while attending the International Conference on Robotics and Automation.
Misra's team solved this by using four electromagnetic coils to generate an oscillating field that was as weak as a refrigerator magnet but strong enough to get the tailed robots to waggle and swim.
Size, of course, matters: At 322 micrometers long, these spermbots are still roughly six times the size of their biological peers (in humans, anyway). Further miniaturizing these mechanical swimmers — which the researchers hope to do by developing magnetic nanofibers to replace the spermbot's current tail — could potentially make such microbots useful for a variety of applications in the body, including cleaning out clogged arteries and helping conventionally invasive surgeries become scar- and trauma- free.
6991756
Jose Mourinho insists he has not decided to leave Real Madrid at the end of the season, despite
The Blues have refused to comment on reports the Portuguese boss will confirm his return on 1 July.
"When I decide on my future, my wife and kids will be the first to know, then the president and general director," said the 50-year-old.
"I haven't decided to leave. If I go, I will not give explanations."
Mourinho, who has previously spoken of his desire to return to the Premier League, added: "I'm working with total professionalism and I still have the same honour and pleasure to work for this club as I did a month or two ago.
"We will speak about the future after the end of the season."
Media playback is not supported on this device The world according to Jose Mourinho
Earlier this week Mourinho, who is contracted until 2016 at the Bernabeu, said he may not remain as Real coach next season and added he wanted to go "where people love me".
Mourinho left Chelsea in acrimonious circumstances in September 2007, after a falling-out with owner Roman Abramovich.
But he remains the Blues' most successful manager with two Premier League titles and three domestic cups wins during his three-season spell.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson said he could see Mourinho returning to Stamford Bridge, but added he had no knowledge about the Portuguese's future.
"I don't know if that is happening," said the Scot. "I have no idea what Jose is doing.
"He said he is loved by one English team and going back is a big attraction for him, if his time at Madrid is finished of course. But I have no knowledge of that."
QPR manager Harry Redknapp said Mourinho's return would "brighten up" the Premier League.
"Rafa Benitez has done an excellent job, but I think it's common knowledge that the fans and probably the players would love to see Jose back. He's a character.''
Real were eliminated from the Champions League on Tuesday after a 4-3 aggregate defeat by Borussia Dortmund.
Mourinho's team are 11 points behind La Liga leaders Barcelona, who could clinch the Spanish title on Sunday if Real fail to beat Real Valladolid on Saturday.
Despite broad public acceptance, investments in renewable energy sources in Germany and the EU have been dramatically decreasing. The failing legislation and exclusion of citizen investments in renewables are jeopardising the Energiewende, writes Hans-Josef Fell.
Hans-Josef Fell was a member of the German parliament from 1998 to 2013 in the Alliance 90/the Greens group. He is the co-author of the German Renewable Energy Sources Act 2000, and president of the Energy Watch Group.
Germany is celebrated internationally as a role model for a successful energy transition. Indeed, the feed-in-tariff legislation, initiated by the German parliament in 2000, has kicked-off the expansion of renewable energy, by far more rapid than most analysts expected. Within just ten years, the costs of solar and wind have dropped dramatically, turning them into the world's cheapest electricity source.
But is this picture still true? No.
The truth is there have been massive drawbacks in the last few years in all renewable energy sectors with the exception of wind. Despite broad public acceptance and the investment boom in the rest of the world, the annual investments in renewables in the EU and Germany have halved since 2012. Due to lacking political support, most of the German and European companies, which pioneered the industrial production in the solar sector, went bankrupt or were sold out. Meanwhile, many other countries have outpaced Germany and the EU, having introduced way more favourable policies and investment schemes for renewables as well as ambitious goals on climate protection.
In recent years, only wind energy has kept expanding. Yet, due to low government targets and the introduction of tenders this year, new installations in Germany are set to fall from 5.5 GW in 2016 to 2.8 GW annually. The deployment of wind power in Bavaria – the largest federal state with the highest wind potential across the country – has stopped almost entirely. The reason is a failed legislation, requiring an excessive minimum distance of wind turbines from residential areas.
In other renewable energy sectors in Germany the picture is even more discouraging. Due to the restrictive law amendments, newly installed capacity of solar PV fell from 7.5 GW in 2012 to 1.5 GW in 2016, well below the government's target of 2.5 GW per year. Investments in hydropower, geothermal energy and bioenergy have crashed. Since 2010, heat generation from renewables has been stagnating and the sales of electric cars fell last year. It comes as no surprise that employment in the sector has fallen from 400,000 in 2012 to 330,000 in 2016. Solar alone has lost over 70,000 jobs.
Germany is not on track to meet its energy efficiency and climate targets either. In 2016, primary energy consumption again increased. So did CO2 emissions. The government's plan to reduce CO2 emissions by 80% by 2050 is increasingly out of reach. As the global warming limit of 2°C will most probably be reached already by 2030, from then on the global economy should be entirely emissions-free. Yet, the German government and the European Commission did not adjust their emissions reduction targets in line with the Paris Agreement.
Especially worrying for the further progress of the German Energiewende are the rapidly shrinking investments by citizens. Over the last decade, private individuals, farmers, energy collectives, small and medium enterprises as well as municipal utilities accounted for 90% of all new investments in renewables. By 2015, the number of new energy cooperatives fell from 167 in 2011 to just 40 annually. This was a result of a policy change from the feed-in-tariff to the tender model, hindering decentralised civil investments in renewable energy.
All too often, the German government cites rising costs and the missing grid connections as arguments for these policy changes. But these arguments are wrong. According to the transmission operator 50Hertz, the existing grids can accommodate up to 80% of the green electricity. The current share of 33% is far from that.
As for the costs, the electricity price for household consumers has indeed increased in the last years. Yet, the total price, averaged over all electricity consumers, as well as the stock market price for electricity, has declined considerably during that time. The cost argument is simply part of an anti-renewables campaign by the conventional energy industry.
It is tragic but true: over the last decade, Germany has given a decisive impetus for a rapid expansion of renewable energy sources worldwide. But, since the 2005 government change to Chancellor Angela Merkel, this process has, step by step, been massively slowed down.
Other countries have long introduced much more vigorous renewable energy policies. Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Uruguay and others are about to reach 100% renewable energy supply. China, Morocco, the USA and India have significantly higher expansion rates of renewables than Germany and the EU. At the 2016 climate conference in Marrakesh, 48 of the most vulnerable countries committed to move their entire energy supply towards 100% renewables by 2030 and 2050 at the latest. Such targets are not even part of the discussion by the current German government.
Broad public acceptance of renewable energy sources in Germany and the EU is a solid foundation, which can help to quickly reverse this discouraging picture. To revive the earlier growth dynamics of renewables, the legislation errors of the past years should be urgently corrected. This should include the exemption of energy cooperatives from tenders up to 18 MW in the solar, bioenergy and wind sectors.
Secondly, the introduction of an additional feed-in-tariff rate would promote combined investments from a mix of renewable energy sources and storage facilities, covering the electricity demand throughout the year. It will enable the grid integration without a base load from nuclear or coal power and will accelerate the expansion of renewables again.
Thirdly, the German government and the EU should raise their ambition on climate action and emission cuts and fully phase out fossil fuel subsidies. Only in this way can they live up to their earlier reputation of climate and renewable energy leaders.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Vice President Mike Pence on Thursday urged fellow Republicans to get behind the party's “last best chance” to repeal and replace Obamacare as congressional leaders scrambled to secure enough support ahead of a planned vote next week.
U.S. ?Vice President Mike Pence? departs after meeting with senators during the weekly Republican caucus policy luncheon at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S. September 19, 2017. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Pence, in an interview on Fox News, said Republicans were close to dismantling the 2010 healthcare law passed by former Democratic President Barack Obama.
“This may well be our last best chance to stop and turn around,” he said.
Republicans need 50 votes to pass their latest healthcare overhaul plan before a Sept. 30 deadline in the Senate, where they hold a 52-48 majority. Majority Leader Mitch McConnell intends to bring it to the Senate floor for a vote next week.
President Donald Trump, who has no major legislative wins since taking office in January and is eager to make good on a campaign promise, supports the measure, introduced by Senators Lindsey Graham and Bill Cassidy. (For a Factbox on the plan see)
With no Democratic support for the bill, Republicans remain a handful of votes short. Senator Rand Paul opposes it and at least five others are undecided: Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski, Dan Sullivan, John McCain and Jerry Moran.
A number of governors - both Republicans and Democrats - oppose the plan, saying it would curb needed funds, impose an unknown system of coverage and strip coverage from vulnerable patients.
Health insurers, hospitals, healthcare industry groups and consumer advocates have also come out against it, instead urging a bipartisan fix to the current law.
Several Republicans defended the measure on Thursday, saying they must make good on their years-long campaign promise to undo Obamacare and that their alternative would empower states.
They pointed to current problems with Obamacare. Although Democrats have said they want to fix the current law, a number of Republican senators said the Graham-Cassidy plan is the only option now.
“This doesn't fix everything with Obamacare,” Republican Senator Jeff Flake told MSNBC. “It can't. We're going to have to do that with a bipartisan bill. This is the first step.”
Republican Senator Ron Johnson was asked on MSNBC if people would lose coverage or face rising premiums under the plan.
“There are no guarantees,” he said.
In July, a Senate vote on a repeal-and-replace bill ended in a stinging 49-51 defeat for Republicans as Collins, McCain and Murkowski voted against it.
Thanks to Peter Gluck on Ego Out for pointing out the following:
Andrea Rossi's legal team has published a response to the Industrial Heat et al's recently submitted Fourth Amended Answer in response to Rossi's initial complaints in the case. The document itself is a motion to have the court deny leave for IH's submission, and is full of legal arguments about why the judge should deny IH the right to submit another amended answer. The document can be read here.
Much more interesting to me than the legal arguments (which are for me quite difficult to follow, as usual), is the submission of a new Exhibit which is titled: Final Report, Annexe 2: Daily Valuation of the Energy Multiple, which gives a daily accounting of the amount of energy used and produced by the E-Cat plant, along with information about temperature, steam pressure and water flow. The final column gives a daily accounting of the COP, which according to the document was consistently above 63, and up to 139.
It's not clear from this document who the author is — possibly it is Fabio Fulviani, Andrea Rossi, or Fabio Penon. But it does give a clear picture about what Rossi's claims are in the case, however without any supporting evidence.
A link to the report can be found here: https://www.e-catworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/128-01-Exhibit-1.pdf
UPDATE:
There is an Exhibit 2 connected with Rossi's filing above, which is titled ‘Billing History'. It shows the monthly amount of electricity used, and the monthly electricity charge used by JM Chemical Products Inc at the address 7861 NW 46th Street, Doral, Florida, from October 2014-June 2016.
You can see the document here: https://www.e-catworld.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/128-02-Exhibit-2.pdf
Our own review is under embargo so we can't share our official thoughts just yet, but if you're looking for thoughts on Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice from people who've seen it, keep reading. Fans attending the New York City premiere yesterday have already let their opinions be known via Twitter, and the consensus so far is that the superhero beatdown is well worth the price of admission, with considerable kudos going toward Ben Affleck and Gal Godot as Batman and Wonder Woman, respectively. Check out 10 of the best reactions below:
So Ben Affleck is my favorite Batman now.. #BVSPremiereMarch 21, 2016
Affleck's Bruce Wayne may be the best on screen to date. #BatmanvSuperman #BVSPremiereMarch 21, 2016
I haven't felt this giddy after watching a movie since The Avengers. Goosebumps. Everywhere. Need to talk about it ASAP. #BVSPremiereMarch 21, 2016
If #BatmanvSuperman is an example of what to expect from future DC movies then Marvel better watch outMarch 21, 2016
I can confirm the loudest applause of the night at #BVSPremiere was #WonderWoman entrance. #WhoWillWin Wonder Women won. And she will againMarch 21, 2016
Go buy your tickets if you haven't. Judge it for yourself. It's a must-see.March 21, 2016
Still not over the #BVSPremiere. Still so giddy. Im totaaaaallllyy going to be seeing this againMarch 21, 2016
Batman v Superman was great. Jesse Eisenberg's performance in particular blew me away. #BatmanvSupermanMarch 21, 2016
Lots to process and think about, but overall BvS is an excellent movie #BVSPremiereMarch 21, 2016
#BVSPremiere standing ovation after a gut wrenching emotional cliffhanger. best superhero action ever. best SH film in at least 5 yearsMarch 21, 2016
Directed by Zack Snyder and starring Henry Cavill, Ben Affleck, Diane Lane, Gal Gadot, Jesse Eisenberg, Jeremy Irons, Laurence Fishburne, and Amy Adams, Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice will arrive in UK and US cinemas on March 25, 2016.
Seen something newsworthy? Tell us!
Images: Warner Bros.
It's been a decade in the making, but its popularity has been nearly instantaneous.
Making a Murderer — Netflix's hot new series released on Dec. 18 — is only the latest in a new wave of true-crime docudramas feeding a seemingly insatiable public appetite for the genre.
The series — shot over 10 years by filmmakers Moira Demos and Laura Ricciardi — centres on Steven Avery, a Wisconsin man who served 18 years in prison on a rape conviction before being exonerated by DNA evidence. Avery was released in 2003, only to be sent back to jail two years later for the murder of a young photographer.
Much has been said about the lack of narration in Making a Murderer. It heavily relies on interviews and old media reports to tell Avery's tale.
And Netflix's release format — dumping all 10 episodes at once — has helped spur the show's popularity by allowing viewers to watch the entire series over the holidays, despite the fact it isn't exactly feel-good TV for the season.
"We had always hoped that we would construct a narrative that really would draw viewers in and make them feel they were on the ground with us and inside the action," Ricciardi said in an interview with CBC News.
"Sure, this is a crime story; we're following a case. But it's also a story about government accountability, it's also a family drama — it has all of these ingredients, and people are really responding to different aspects of it."
Moira Demos and Laura Ricciardi, the filmmakers behind Netflix's Making a Murderer, talk about what they hoped to achieve with the wildly popular 10-episode series 1:40
Making A Murderer follows in the footsteps of some widely popular true-crime docudramas that helped to prime its audience.
The renaissance of the genre has been largely attributed to Serial, a podcast released in October 2014 that delved into the 1999 strangling death of Baltimore high-school student Hae Min Lee. It featured in-depth, not-usually-heard interviews with the man convicted of Min Lee's murder, her ex-boyfriend Adnan Syed, who was 17 at the time of his arrest.
The first season of popular podcast Serial was focused on Adnan Syed, convicted in the 1999 strangling death of his ex-girlfriend in Baltimore. (Courtesy of This American Life/NPR)
Serial was an overnight sensation, becoming the fastest podcast in iTunes history to reach five million downloads/streams — an impressive feat for a format that has traditionally played on the fringes.
Serial is now in its second season, following the tale of Taliban-captured U.S. soldier Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl, and is set to be adapted into a "making of" TV series.
A few months later came The Jinx, an HBO miniseries about the reclusive millionaire Robert Durst and his connections to three mysterious deaths. The show's popularity reached a fever pitch when Durst was arrested on a first-degree murder charge in the death of L.A. writer Susan Berman the day before the finale aired.
Real estate heir Robert Durst was arrested a day before the final episode of HBO's The Jinx aired. (Pat Sullivan/Associated Press)
FX is also set to dabble in the genre with its series American Crime Story, airing Feb. 2. Its first season, The People v. O.J. Simpson, is a retelling of the infamous 1994-95 murder trial that dominated U.S. headlines for months.
"I think the timing of when (Making A Murderer) was released was great both in terms of the medium … but also in terms of what's going on in the world today," said Demos.
"The idea that maybe those in power aren't always being held in check and aren't always answering to the people … Even that question, I think, is tapping into what people are interested in right now."
Shane Smith, director of programming at Canada's documentary film festival, Hot Docs, called the series "smartly structured." He's been tuning in and said he's "hooked."
Shane Smith, director of programming for Canada's Hot Docs festival, weighs in on what makes Making a Murderer so engrossing 1:16
"It's structured like a soap opera: you're watching an episode, there's a cliffhanger at the end, you can't wait to watch the next episode and the stakes are high," he said. "These are real people's lives that are being impacted."
Smith suggested the "Netflix effect" can create large-scale impact, adding that documentaries are an art form that can "change lives."
"Movements can form, petitions can be started, social media can go crazy buzzing about this new show that everybody's able to watch at the same time, in the same way, in multiple countries," he said. "It can become a global phenomenon … a show broadcast on one network, in one country, over 10 weeks really sort of dissipates its power."
According to the filmmakers, that feeling of encouraging social justice was a driving force behind Making a Murderer.
"Our main hope, really, is that people will have a new view of the American criminal justice system, that there will be a newfound appreciation for the complexity of these matters and that people will be more tolerant of the ambiguity of these matters," said Ricciardi.
No one won this week's Powerball jackpot, which means the jackpot will roll over to an estimated $675 million — the largest lottery prize in U.S. history.
According to the Associated Press, Powerball is played in 44 states, the District of Columbia, the U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. But who is funding the game?
Public polling has confirmed the fears of many who oppose such government-promoted gambling: the poorest among us are contributing much more to lottery revenues than those with higher incomes. One poll found that people who played the lottery with an income of less than $20,000 annually spent an average of $46 per month on lottery tickets. That comes out to more than $550 per year and it is nearly double the amount spent in any other income bracket.
The significance of this is magnified when we look deeper into the figures. Those with annual incomes ranging from $30,000 to $50,000 had the second-highest average — $24 per month, or $288 per year. A person making $20,000 spends three times as much on lottery tickets on average than does someone making $30,000. And keep in mind that these numbers represent average spending. For every one or two people who spend just a few bucks a year on lotteries, others spend thousands.
All of this is taking place in a system of legalized gambling that is monopolized and promoted by those in political power. Where state governments are supposed to be looking after the welfare of their citizenry, the commonwealth of all the people, the establishment of a lottery has in fact betrayed the citizenry.
What begins as a well-intentioned plan to provide for the needs of the people - education funding for example - very often becomes just another source of revenue for a voracious state treasury. Lotto revenue is often diverted for new purposes through legislative and bureaucratic chicanery.
The highly promotional nature of state lotteries becomes clear as they bombard us with advertising in every available medium. When jackpots like Powerball get particularly large the media blitz becomes a frenzy, as the government-run lotteries attempt to dazzle us into the twenty-first century form of “gold fever.” In a previous multi-state Mega Millions lottery, Michigan officials tempted players with the promise of “$24,300 per day!” in a press release that described winning the jackpot as “a pretty nice payday.” In this way, state lottery boards and commissions “come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ferocious wolves” (Matthew 7:15 NIV).
The effectiveness of such media campaigns is apparent from the polls and surveys on lotto spending. Among the lowest-income bracket, 62 percent of those who purchased lottery tickets in the past year denied having participated in legal gambling. In other words, the government has managed to convince many of us that lotteries are not indeed gambling but rather a form of civic duty, a valid and even commendable form of public service. This is evident in such rhetorically benign mottos as, “Benefiting All Rhode Islanders Since 1974,” “It's Only a Game” (Montana), and “Odds Are, You'll Have Fun” (Ohio).
Certainly when Jesus said, “The poor you will always have with you,” (Mark 14:7 NIV) he meant it as a description of the inevitable result of human sin and social evil. Such evil is exemplified well in the case of state lotteries, which have effectively codified Jesus' statement into an institutional goal.
Jefferson Park Medical Marijuana View Full Caption
JEFFERSON PARK — Two medical marijuana dispensaries want to set up shop in Jefferson Park nearly next door to each other on Milwaukee Avenue.
Curative Health, which is operated by Columbia Care, has asked city officials for a special use permit to open a dispensary at 4758 N. Milwaukee Ave. The company operates medical marijuana facilities in Massachusetts and Washington, D.C.
Two doors south, EuFlora Health Center, which is based Downtown, wants to open a dispensary at 4760½ N. Milwaukee Ave.
The proposed dispensaries, which must be approved by city and state officials, would be on the same block as Ald. John Arena's 45th Ward office. The dispensaries would be separated by one storefront — the Am Trendii boutique, which sells women's clothing and accessories.
Heather Cherone cuts through the red tape to explain how the process to open a dispensary works:
Attorney Katriina McGuire, who represents Curative Health, did not respond to a request for comment about the proposed dispensary.
Attorney Bernard Citron, who represents EuFlora Health Center, declined to answer questions about the permit application.
State officials have said they plan to issue no more than two licenses for dispensaries in Jefferson Township, which includes most of the Far Northwest Side. City officials must also approve a special use permit for the dispensary's location.
A third application for a special permit in Jefferson Township and the 45th Ward has been made by California-based IL Grown Medicine at 4739 W. Montrose Ave. in Old Irving Park.
Arena, who said he supports the use of marijuana for medical purposes as outlined by the state law, said the tangle of competing state and city regulations "was a little bit frustrating."
"We still don't know a lot about how this is going to work," Arena said. "We're trying to untie the knot."
Dispensaries must be 1,000 feet from schools and daycare centers and can't be in residences, according to city regulations. Thirteen of the 60 Illinois dispensaries can be in the city, according to state law.
Chicago's first proposed dispensaries went before the zoning board of appeals Friday. Three of the four dispensaries were approved.
Arena said his biggest concern about the proposed Jefferson Park dispensaries is security — not only for the patients, but also for nearby residences and businesses.
"This is a cash business," Arena said. "And marijuana has a street value."
Both EuFlora and Curative Health submitted "credible" security plans, said Owen Brugh, Arena's chief of staff.
Arena said he was not opposed to the dispensaries opening their doors so close to his office.
"We will have eyeballs on them all the time," Arena said. "We will ensure they run to the letter of the law."
Arena's office has tentatively scheduled a public meeting about the Curative Health dispensary at at 4758 N. Milwaukee Ave. for the first week in November, Brugh said.
"This isn't just opening a gelato shop," Arena said. "I want to have a conversation with the business community."
Quinn Mines, the owner of I Am Trendii, said she was shocked when the signs notifying the community went up in the empty storefronts' windows.
"I'm worried about what kind of people it will bring to the area," Mines said. "I'm concerned about security too. Is someone going to break into my store to get into one of the dispensaries?"
Gus Karamaniolas, who owns Fischman's Liquors at 4780 N. Milwaukee Ave., said the dispensary proposals were the talk of the bar.
"Everyone is opposed to it," said Karamaniolas, who has been working to revitalize the heart of the Jefferson Park Business District.
There are six empty storefronts on Milwaukee Avenue between Giddings and Lawrence avenues, where the dispensaries are proposed.
The dispensaries "could drive traffic to an area that desperately needs it," Karamaniolas said. "But is it the type of traffic we want?"
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
If you don't know, now you know: Halifax, Nova Scotia is a rap city. From MCJ & Cool G to Hip Club Groove to Buck 65 to Classified to Cam Smith, Halifax has roots in hip-hop that are as old as the genre itself. For the last 30 years, Halifax's unique culture has yielded more than a few nationally recognized and commercially successful artists. More recently, the internet has given artists an international platform. Similar to what is being experienced all over the world, Halifax's diverse and original hip-hop culture is currently thriving.
But Halifax is unique in many ways. A complex racial and social history mixed with a bunch of fucked up governmental policies, crime and violence has given way to a strong arts culture. It's also made hip-hop in Halifax meaningful and perennially relevant. With Questlove's recent props to “instrumental president” Jorun, and a constant stream of releases from new and long-time artists, this seems like the perfect time to re-introduce Halifax hip-hop.
Kool DJ Red Alert Radio Show (1984) – The first tape distributed in Halifax
Much like the Bronx, Harlem and Chicago, Halifax implemented urban renewal plans in the 1960s, a perverse socialist movement that relocated African-Canadians from established settlements to government-subsidized urban ghettos, simultaneously undoing generations of identity and ownership. Ever since, areas such as Uniacke Square and Mulgrave Park have suffered from benign neglect, as Michael McGuire writes in his work on early Halifax hip-hop. African-Americans who settled rural areas since the early 1800s were marginalized by default, granted bedrock land that impeded agriculture and growth.
It started in 1984 when local teen Eric “Rico” Melbranche brought tapes from the Bronx back to Halifax's public housing projects. From there, hip-hop was copied and emulated until this form of underground creative expression was infused with Nova Scotian context and style.
Uniacke Square Posse, “Untitled” (1988)
Unlike most other cities, there were and (still are) fewer opportunities for African-Nova Scotians to flourish. Black Nova Scotians in particular represent only 2.3% of the population. Despite decades of gross inequality in matters of law, education and employment, the Black community has been resilient and important to Nova Scotia culture, boasting world-class athletes, activists, poets, filmmakers, producers. The community is next-level influential.
Hip-hop re-invigorated Halifax's north end and connected the marginalized Black community here to marginalized Black communities everywhere. Ciphers went from alleys to bars, and featured acts like Down by Law, The Care Crew, New Beginning, Leather Cap Posse, emerging producer Joseph “Jorun” Serra and a break-dancing collective. Gottingen Street turned into a hip-hop hub. DJ Afrika Bambaata came by in 1985, shocking peeps with scratches. Production at this time was simple; rhymes and themes were Halifax-centric with local beefs and views.
Down by Law, "Modr'n World Thang" (1989)
When New Beginning dissolved in 1988, James McQuaid (MCJ) and Richard Grey (Cool G) took their established personalities to Montreal. Repping Halifax, they were quickly signed to Capitol Records, the first Canadian rap group on a major label. This was a landmark event.
MCJ & Cool G, “Live in Halifax” (1991)
In the early 90s, MCJ & Cool G would return to open for Public Enemy and Maestro Fresh Wes while still promoting local groups. Dozens of DJs and MCs of both genders released original material in this era, and hip-hop was starting its pop culture takeover. By 1994, rap and hip-hop had a huge and commercially viable demographic. Even Tom Green was rapping.
Urban crews were building the downtown Halifax scene while Hip Club Groove was making waves from Truro, a small working-class town in the country. The Groove played rural legions, making fans in far-out audiences before cozying up to Halifax's exploding indie rock scene that was riding "new Seattle" waves made by bands like Sloan, Thrush Hermit and Eric's Trip.
When Hip Club Groove released Trailer Park Hip Hop on Sloan's murderecords, it caused an outpouring of hate. Even though MC Cheklove (Cory Bowles) is definitely Black, Hip Club Groove was accused of being a White group for White audiences, which devalued what HCG was contributing in a wider sense: high-energy performance, classic beats and quirky character.
Hip Club Groove, "Shootin' The Gift" (1994)
Historically, groups and artists who tapped into the White demographic have had greater successes overall, however nuanced and uncomfortable. It's not a new issue and it's central to debates within rap culture up to present day. Still, success requires a certain work ethic.
In 1989, rural (Stinkin') Rich Terfry rapped about baseball (he had been scouted by the Yankees) and other White-boy topics not usually explored in hip-hop. Considered weird by some, he hosted The Bassment for 11 years on Halifax's community radio station, CKDU FM, while he exposed other local acts and producers. He caught Sloan's ear and murderecords released Game Tight in 1994. His style developed and he re-branded as Buck 65, working with artists like Sixtoo, k-os and Sage Francis. He's been prolific and award-winning over 17 albums, and now has his own CBC show where he continues to promote indie hop-hop acts.
Stinkin' Rich, "Ten Miles" (1994)
From a rural community near the Halifax airport and inspired by a grittier street style, Classified founded Half Life Records in 1995. Over a decade later, his Maritime identity gave way to a national one. His ninth album, Trial & Error, was one of the best-selling rap records of 2004. One of the hardest working dudes in Canadian hip-hop, his videos are now a regular fixture on Much Music.
Classified, "When I Bust On the Mic" (1995)
Physical copies and records of Halifax's early hip-hop era are being lost to time. What remains are samples of samples and an incomplete history in various private collections. And by the 2000s, technology changed the game entirely, everywhere. A standard computer was an infinite studio. Production was no longer limited by access, but by creativity.
Influences and audiences broadened. Clubs and bars opened doors to DJs of all genres, and sub-genres of rap expanded. You could find gangster rap, conscious rap, slow jams, break-beats, you name it. Then in 2001, Trailer Park Boys premiered on Showcase. The weed, booze and chicken-fingered comedy starred Hip Club Groove's Cory Bowles and Jonathan Torrens as J-Roc, the every-White-wannabe-rapper. TPB became internationally loved and notorious. It painted realistic portraits of Nova Scotia's deep-seated social dysfunction.
J ROC, "It Could Happen to You” (2003)
TPB also articulated a lot of truths about Halifax hip-hop. It centralized the relationship between poverty and identity. Most of Nova Scotia is categorically poor and hip-hop was an avenue for expressions of both racial struggle and class struggle. Beyond politics, hip-hop was just straight-up enjoyable, and attractive for its challenges of writing original rhymes or customizing and personalizing popular styles and beats. Trailer Park Boys originated from a real love of hip-hop: it's an art that offered cultural richness in the absence of material prosperity.
By 2005, a number of DJs in the Backburner Collective were creating alternative jams using old-school record collections. Jesse Dangerously, Wordburglar and at least 19 others were connecting with KRS-One and creating a golden-era renaissance. Ghettosocks came out of this movement and has since skyrocketed to national recognition. He left Halifax to make a new album, For You Pretty Things.
Ghettosocks, “Stolen Kicks” (2009)
In the last few years, the Halifax Pop Explosion has pumped up its rap and hip-hop acts and the Halifax Jazz Festival consistently programs funk and soul. Maritime promoters are throwing back to mixed bills, too. Last year, New Brunswick indie-rock festival, SappyFest, invited Halifax's Weirdo Click and Brooklyn's The Underachievers to play as the first hip-hop bookings ever. It's renewed a trend that goes back to the murderecords scene, and it shows that Halifax audiences are interested in many styles of music. Fan amalgamation is a pretty smooth move, in terms of widening the reach. In 2013, hip-hop acts and indie bands came together for shows, and many artists are making their live performances a major focus.
Weirdo Click, Rap-Rock Show/Party Footage (2012)
As local fans continue to catch on, the Internet has given Halifax's hip-hop community a huge platform and means of collaboration. Quake Matthews teamed up with Freeway and RS Smooth, KAYO (originally from St. Lucia) connects with Halifax's Caribbean community and there is a strong economy for beats. Artists getting noticed lately are the DJs and rappers taking the greatest advantage of the internet's infinite possibility. Producer Ryan Hemsworth (you know Heemy) started his incredibly stellar career from a Halifax laptop. Electro-duo Purity Ring called Halifax home for years and now Danny Brown's about them. Last winter, Halifax's multi-instrumental act, The Caravan, released a political rap that went viral. We are all connected and the implications are exciting. Even I'm getting re-tweeted by Da Brat.
The Caravan, "What Up Steve?" (2013)
When Dartmouth's Pat Stay was named two-time battle rap champion of Canada, we all felt like champions. His was a slow rise in a rough scene, but battle and insult freestyle is appreciable because it adds drama, importance and gravity, all while being funny.
King of the Dot Rap Battle, Pat Stay (2013)
Right now, the most energy is coming from artists who squad up and join organizations like the East Coast Music Association and Music Nova Scotia, which offer strong networks and award-granting systems. This year's Canadian Music Week in Toronto is stacked with Halifax acts. To take it nationally, you need all the help you can get. There are hundreds of underground rappers who have different approaches, ambitions and less reach. But in terms of mainstream music, all artists who are still in Halifax are still very much underground.
Hopscotch Halifax Cipher (2013), Part 1 of 3
With a history of possibility, Halifax hip-hop is bringing the best game it has. The CBC's Cam Smith (son of Leather Cap Posse's Paul Smith) produces beats for himself and a crew that includes Jay Mayne, Alfie, Weirdo Click, club-thug Thrillah and more. PsycThaPrince and RellzInYaGirl are phenomenons.
Jay Mayne, "Pound Cake" (2013)
The pro-style extends to the stage and other genres in hip-hop. International touring group Three Sheet started playing with a band, which raised the bar and value of live performance. Now, many rappers collaborate with live instruments: Weirdo Click hits up The Wayo and Cam Smith hustles with Neon Dreams. R&B, too: JRDN is another Much Music regular, and our girls Nicole Ariana, Samm Splash and REALEYEZ are vibing and getting on tracks. Halifax has always been a supportive and encouraging foundation from which to get your shit started.
Nicole Ariana ft. XXX CLVR, “Everytime” (2013)
What originated as an expression of social individuality for Nova Scotia's Black community has come to represent and (in some ways) unify an entire province over three generations and people of many ethnicities. Halifax has kept up with technical production: early four-track samples led to 808s and MIDIs and then all-out professional home studios. Local beefs faded over time in the interests of community, and artists from this remote coastal city have added distinct flows and unique perspectives to the larger world movement.
In the last few years alone, Halifax has been blessed with visits from De La Soul, GZA, Raekwon, Lunice, The Wailers, El-P and Killer Mike, and just went totally nuts for Pusha T.
Pusha T live at The Marquee (2014)
PUSHA T LIVE AT THE MARQUEE from Dave Hung on Vimeo.
Halifax is a rap city but it's also more than that. It's a music city, it's an art city. It's a cool fucking city, even with its flaws. As acts from different genres share audiences and as artists leverage the internet as a means to influence, Halifax is poised to compete in the hip-hop game on an international level. Artists here belong to struggles and histories that are relatable to many, but are experienced by few. That's why we've stayed true. These are our stories and our skills, and Halifax is only getting better at sharing them.
Adria Young is a writer living in Halifax who knows everything about the Maritimes.
Liberty Media Corp. chairman (and #1 landowner) John Malone arrives at the annual Allen and Co. conference at the Sun Valley, Idaho Resort July 12, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking Land remains a hot investment, and America's wealthiest individuals are snapping up property at breakneck speed.
The 100 biggest private landowners in the U.S. added 700,000 acres to their holdings in the past year, according to CNBC's Robert Frank. That means they now control more than 30 million acres, or 2% of America's land mass.
The Land Report has just released its list of America's biggest private landowners for 2013.
Media tycoon John Malone, who owns 2.2 million acres — more than twice as much land as the state of Delaware — tops the list for the third year running. We're taking a closer look at the top 25 landowners. You can download the full report at The Land Report.
U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch sent a mixed message on the federal government's stance on encryption in remarks Friday at the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland.
“We in the U.S. government are not asking for a back door,” Lynch said, in response to a reporter's question.
So far, so good — at least, from the perspective of Silicon Valley tech companies that have been arguing the value of strong encryption on mobile devices. Lynch then added a caveat that sounded remarkably like a request that Apple, Google and Facebook figure out a way to circumvent such protections on devices and communications apps like WhatsApp or iMessage.
“We are asking to work with Silicon Valley and the tech industry to make sure that, as we preserve encryption, we also preserve what we currently have — which is the ability for companies to respond to law enforcement warrants, court-ordered, court-authorized requests for information,” Lynch said.
Lynch's position is similar to that of FBI Director James Comey, who has been criticizing unbreakable encryption ever since Apple and Google announced last year that it would no longer be technically feasible for them to unlock devices for law enforcement.
Comey has consistently argued that this technological advance in device encryption renders the government incapable of accessing real-time chat sessions or retrieving data stored on devices, even when armed with a court order. That undermines the efforts of law enforcement to catch the bad guys.
“We call it ‘going dark,' and what it means is this: Those charged with protecting our people aren't always able to access the evidence we need to prosecute crime and prevent terrorism even with lawful authority,” Comey wrote in the fall of 2014. “We have the legal authority to intercept and access communications and information pursuant to a court order, but we often lack the technical ability to do so.”
Comey's arguments have grown more pointed in the wake of the terror attacks in Paris and San Bernardino, Calif.
Lawmakers are planning to introduce legislation that would establish a national commission to figure out how law enforcement can access encrypted data without jeopardizing privacy or leaving consumers vulnerable to cyber crime. House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul announced his intentions at a press conference earlier this week, after outlining the proposal in an op-ed piece that appeared in the Washington Post.
Here are Lynch's full remarks:
“Are you pissed off about the DEA yet?” writes Jesse Ventura in a chapter about how and why the Drug Enforcement Administration rigs the Drug War. Of course, when he wrote that, the former Minnesota governor, professional wrestler and U.S. Navy frogman was just getting started. His parents were both World War II veterans, and Ventura and his brother are both Vietnam vets, and in his new book, the bestselling author basically declares war on the War on Drugs.
Jesse Ventura's Marijuana Manifesto, co-authored by Jen Hobbs with a foreword by legendary activist Steve Kubby, is a well-reasoned argument for ending prohibition, but it truly stands out as an obsessively researched and detailed indictment against the Drug War and its many profit-motivated warriors. PRØHBTD spoke with Ventura about the new book, and the former governor could barely contain his disdain for the drug policy he characterized as “a crime against humanity.”
My favorite parts of the book are the sections on the Silk Road and the DEA. What do you think corrupted the DEA?
The seizure law—it's astounding that this is constitutionally allowed—where the DEA can seize your house, car and other things if you're in possession of a supposedly illegal drug. The laws allow them to do that without even proving you're guilty. It happens without a court involved, and then you must go to court to get your stuff back. In other words, you're guilty until proven innocent, which runs in the face of the basic concept of law in our country. It's horrid.
Also, the War on Drugs is the basic cause for the militarization of our police force. It permeated this thought process that says shoot first and ask questions later, because that's how the DEA operates. When they break into a place for a big drug bust, they come in with SWAT teams. If you resist at all, you're going to get shot. We show multiple examples in the book where the DEA broke into a house for a drug raid and killed people who maybe jump up to defend themselves. Inside their own homes. They get shot and killed, there's no trial, and no one gets charged with a crime. The major casualties in any war are the civilians. Innocent lives die in war. Well, this is a war on drugs, so apparently the same standards apply.
You know what made me focus on marijuana [for this book]?
What's that?
I had lost my standard of life, and it wasn't [due to] me. I won't say who for privacy reasons, but a person very close to me developed epileptic seizures. This person was seizing three or four times a week, and the quality of life for both of us was gone. Medical doctors put the person on four different pharmaceutical medicines, one after the other, and none of them worked. The drugs all had horrible side effects, and the seizures continued.
Finally, the person went to Colorado and acquired what they call “medical marijuana.” In my opinion, there should be no separation between medical and recreational because the entire plant is medical. Anyway, getting back to the at-hand, the person—who seized again on the way to Colorado—started with three drops under the tongue three times a day, and the seizures stopped. Now it's legal in Minnesota, very limited, but the person qualified. One pill in the morning, one pill at night, and I can happily say that my quality of life and this person's quality of life have returned. The person, who has not had a seizure now for two and a half years, is completely—let me repeat—completely weaned off all pharmaceutical medicine. It's the marijuana and solely the marijuana that saved our lives.
When you were governor, you tried to legalize hemp. What happened?
I was an independent governor, I didn't belong to a [political] party, so I couldn't get anybody to carry the bill. Governors don't make laws, legislatures do. The governor can only veto it, sign it into law or let it go into law without signature. A governor can support something, but it always requires the legislature to make the law. I couldn't get a single Democrat or Republican to carry the damn bill. All they care about is their reelection and holding onto power, and they resist anything that jeopardizes that. They're spineless cowards.
When politicians said they wouldn't support the hemp bill, what were their stated reasons?
They didn't give reasons. They're just not going to put their political butts on the line. The mainstream soundbite media would write, "So-and-so is pro-drugs,” and their opponent would run horrible soundbite ads that say, "They want your kids doing drugs!" That's exactly what you'd get politically, so none of them had the courage to do it.
Also, the pharmaceutical industry does not want marijuana made legal. Like Deep Throat said in the movie All the President's Men, "Follow the money." They don't want it legal because people could grow it, and the government doesn't get a cut. I'll give an example: I grew up in the city center of Minneapolis, and we had a small little backyard, but my mom would carve up about a third of it to grow tomatoes. Every summer, we'd have fresh tomatoes grown in the inner-city right in our backyard. Well, you could do the same thing with cannabis. You could grow it in your backyard, four or five plants, and it would provide for your needs, but nobody would make money, would they? There'd be no tax on it, and you wouldn't have to buy pills from pharma.
Look at what pharma just did with those shots people need for bee stings or they could die. They raised the price 400 percent or whatever it was. Your health should not be a for-profit business, and that's unfortunately what it is for pharma. They don't want marijuana legalized because they would fail to make money. I would rather have somebody smoke a joint for mental health than to take Prozac, personally.
Image caption Edward Snowden is believed to be staying at Moscow's airport
Germany's Der Spiegel magazine says it has seen a secret document showing the US has bugged EU offices in Washington and at UN headquarters in New York.
The paper says it was shown the 2010 "top secret" document by fugitive ex-security analyst Edward Snowden.
The US National Security Agency document allegedly outlined how it spied on EU internal computer networks, referring to the bloc as a "target".
An EU official said the claim could have a "severe impact" on EU-US ties.
"On behalf of the European Parliament, I demand full clarification and require further information speedily from the US authorities with regard to these allegations," Martin Schulz, the President of the European Parliament said in a statement, according to Reuters news agency.
The US has so far made no public comments on the Spiegel's claim.
'Polite request'
Mr Snowden - a US citizen - has requested asylum in Ecuador.
He is believed to be staying at Moscow's airport, having arrived there last weekend from Hong Kong, where he had been staying since he revealed details of top secret US surveillance programmes.
The US has charged him with theft of government property, unauthorised communication of national defence information and wilful communication of classified communications intelligence.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Steve Rosenberg explores the hotel Edward Snowden is believed to be in
Each charge carries a maximum 10-year prison sentence.
On Saturday, US Vice-President Joe Biden and Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa held a telephone conversation about Mr Snowden's asylum request.
According to Mr Correa, Mr Biden had "passed on a polite request from the United States to reject the request".
The Ecuadorian leader said his answer was: "Mr vice-president, thanks for calling. We hold the United States in high regard. We did not seek to be in this situation."
If Mr Snowden ever came to "Ecuadoran soil" with his request, he added, "the first people whose opinion we will seek is that of the United States".
The Ecuadorean president, a left-wing economist who received a doctorate in the US, denied he was seeking to disrupt relations and said he had "lived the happiest days of my life" in the US.
Quito earlier said it was willing to consider Mr Snowden's request but only when he was physically in the Latin American country.
White House spokeswoman Bernadette Meehan said only that Mr Biden and Mr Correa had held a wide-ranging conversation.
Boston ate well in 2014. Wood-fired pizza, handmade pasta, and octopus appetizers were often on our plates, with a surge in Asian street food toward the end of the year. Bartenders served Yuengling (again) and embraced lower-alcohol cocktails and slushies. “Top Chef” came to town. Barbara Lynch won a James Beard award for Outstanding Restaurateur. Chains declared they weren't. We never got our Pepe's. We lost a few old friends. Before we move on, let's take a look back at the highs and lows — the tastes, restaurants, and people that made 2014 a year to remember.
Restaurant of the year
Alden & Harlow
Casablanca occupied this space for more than 50 years, the quintessential Harvard Square haunt for artists, intellectuals, and neighborhood eccentrics. Chef Michael Scelfo opened Alden & Harlow here in early 2014, picking up the mantle. The restaurant is a worthy successor, the neighborhood hangout of its time, with small plates based on local ingredients (charred broccoli with squash hummus, pickled corn pancakes with shishito peppers, a stellar burger); fine-tuned cocktails; and hospitality that makes everyone feel at home. This is the kind of place, and these are the flavors, we want right now. Yet it operates on a classic Harvard Square frequency, creative and independent.
Jonathan Wiggs/Globe Staff Whole grilled carrots with yogurt, honey, and pistachios at Alden & Harlow.
40 Brattle St., Harvard Square, Cambridge, 617-864-2100, www.aldenharlow.com
Chef of the year
Gordon Hamersley
It is hard to imagine what Boston's restaurant scene would look like without Hamersley and the restaurant he closed this year. Hamersley's Bistro began as a breath of fresh air in a much grittier South End, and over the course of 27 years it became a blueprint for the kind of place we take for granted today: not stuffy or formal, serving simple, seasonal food. Now the chef moves forward with characteristic grace and generosity, continuing his work with young people through nonprofits like Future Chefs, helping them enter the culinary workforce. Once again, a model worth emulating. (He'll also become a regular contributor to the Globe; look for his column starting in mid-January.)
Jessica Rinaldi/Globe Staff Gordon Hamersley at his restaurant Hamersley's Bistro earlier this year.
Best trend of the year
Vegetables take center stage
Advertisement
Long relegated to supporting roles, in the shadow of pork chops, steaks, and roast chicken, vegetables this year got their due. We found kale salad on every menu in town. Carrots commanded the plate: served with yogurt, honey, and a mix of pistachios and other seeds at Alden & Harlow; with ricotta, sunflower seeds, maple-tea glaze, cranberries, and black sesame paste at Mei Mei; roasted, pickled, and grilled with carrot custard at Liquid Art House. Cauliflower arrived as whole heads, or cross-sectioned into “steaks.” Given general interest in local, farm- and market-inspired eating, combined with the health benefits of a plant-centric diet, it's about time.
Barry Chin/Globe Staff Carrots with ricotta, sunflower seeds, cranberries, and more at Mei Mei.
Worst trend of the year
The cat cafe
Get The Weekender in your inbox: The Globe's top picks for what to see and do each weekend, in Boston and beyond. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
It's a cafe. With cats. Inside. Roaming free. It was tolerable when we had to travel to Asia or Europe to visit one. But now they are spreading rapidly, arriving in Montreal, New York, and more — within wheezing distance. And sure enough, there is now an Indiegogo campaign to fund one for Boston, to be called Le Chat Noir. Don't get me wrong: I want all stray cats to find forever homes and be the darling fur children of loving human-species life forms. I just don't want them hacking up hairballs into my French roast. Now somebody pass me my inhaler.
Christopher Muther/Globe staff Cafe des Chats in Montreal.
Best neighborhood restaurant
Tie: the Abbey in Cambridge; La Brasa in Somerville
The former feeds the area surrounding Porter Square, offering well-made, pretension-free food. It's a follow-up to the restaurant of the same name in Brookline, with much of the same slam-dunk fare: bison Bolognese, a solid burger, and fish dishes a little more elegant than you would expect. The latter serves a stretch of Broadway free of hipster outposts. Locals were hungry for this kind of place, relaxed and welcoming with well-made cocktails and international flavors combined in intriguing ways — spicy Thai fried chicken, carnitas tacos, and soba with pork belly all on the same menu, for example.
Essdras M Suarez/ Globe Staff Spicy Thai fried chicken at La Brasa in Somerville.
The Abbey, 1755 Massachusetts Ave., Porter Square, Cambridge, 617-714-4944, www.abbeycambridge.com; La Brasa, 124 Broadway, Somerville, 617-764-1412, www.labrasasomerville.com
Best suburban restaurant
Tie: Juniper in Wellesley; Red Bird in Waltham
Dave Becker, the man behind Italian restaurant Sweet Basil in Needham, understands his audience. His new place, Juniper, also offers good food and quirky charm, this time focusing on Eastern Mediterranean flavors. In a year when octopus appetizers were almost as common as kale salads in area restaurants, Juniper's version was the best, charred tendrils slowly cooked in olive oil, served with apple-jicama slaw in a warming, spicy broth. Red Bird, from an alum of the Franklin Cafe, does for Waltham what that restaurant did for the South End years ago, adding a fine, comfortable New American staple to the mix. You might find great mussels or grilled hanger steak. Plus, the fried clam strips are surprisingly some of the best around.
Joanne Rathe/Globe Staff Charred octopus tendrils with apple-jicama slaw in a spicy broth at Juniper.
Juniper, 13 Central St., Wellesley, 781-446-6950, www.juniperwellesley.com; Red Bird, 361 Moody St., Waltham, 781-891-5486, www.redbirdwaltham.com
Best reinvention
Rosebud American Kitchen & Bar
Davis Square's classic diner car shuttered last spring. Joe Cassinelli's Alpine Restaurant Group took over the space and gave it the remake it deserved. Chef John Delpha's menu is a cheeky salute to American comfort food classic and current — from meatloaf to the “it's not ramen” noodle soup. And of course there is pie, too.
Katherine Taylor for The Boston Globe The new Rosebud American Kitchen & Bar in Davis Square, Somerville.
381 Summer St., Davis Square, Somerville, 617-629-9500, www.rosebudkitchen.com
Best surprise
The Bancroft
Advertisement
You might expect a Burlington steakhouse to be run-of-the-mill, but the Bancroft provides a lesson in keeping an open mind. The space is sophisticated and modern, decorated with Pop Art prints, industrial antiques, and touches of whimsy (bright blue lockers with gold animal-head knockers). Executive chef Mario Capone serves steakhouse fare for the present day, with a farm-to-table approach. (The Bancroft is run by Webber Restaurant Group, which also operates Gibbet Hill Farm in Groton, where much of the produce is grown.) Don't miss the gorgeous steak tartare or the unusually flavorful and tender bone-in filet. You'll also find a clever bar program and top-notch hospitality. What a pleasant surprise.
Joanne Rathe/globe staff Steak tartare at The Bancroft in Burlington.
15 Third Ave., Burlington, 781-221-2100, www.the-bancroft.com
Best late-night excursion
H Mart and Viale
Visit the Central Square branch of Korean-owned supermarket H Mart to stock up on kimchi, rice cakes, giant mushrooms, green tea Kit-Kats, and much, much more. It closes at 11, but don't stay so late you miss dinner: Head across the street to Italian-ish restaurant Viale for charred, thin-crust pizza and handmade pasta dishes. (The kitchen closes at 10 Sunday through Wednesday, but Thursday through Saturday you've got until 11, and the bar menu is available until midnight.) Then it's time for cocktails at the bar.
Wendy Maeda/Globe Staff H Mart in Cambridge.
H Mart, 581 Massachusetts Ave., Central Square, Cambridge, 857-209-2747, www.hmart.com; Viale, 502 Massachusetts Ave., Central Square, Cambridge, 617-576-1900, www.vialecambridge.com
Most missed
Rendezvous
Viale is a welcome addition to the neighborhood. But we are still mourning the closure of Rendezvous, which occupied the space before, from 2005 until it closed this year. It was one of Central Square's most essential restaurants, and owner Steve Johnson one of Cambridge's most essential chefs. He was often spotted in-house, overseeing a menu filled with Mediterranean flavors and local ingredients. Happily, anyone missing grilled sardines and lemon-buttermilk pudding can take a road trip to Tiverton, R.I., to visit his new restaurant, the Red Dory.
Jodi Hilton for The Boston Globe Steve Johnson in his now-closed restaurant Rendezvous.
Most ambitious
Liquid Art House
Former Wall Street investment banker Ruta Laukien is not afraid to take risks. She opened this gallery/restaurant on the edge of Back Bay, a vast and lavish space filled with Murano glass chandeliers, a circular marble bar, and art for sale. She brought on acclaimed chef Rachel Klein, who creates food that looks like art, too: pelmeni-esque dumplings that incorporate sour cherry and foie gras or wild mushrooms, vivid sweet pea veloute, and more. The desserts are showstoppers, too. The place is experimental and expensive, with an atmosphere that falls somewhere between Boston, underground Berlin, and the Capitol of “The Hunger Games.” It may not be to everyone's taste, but one still has to admire its nerve.
Essdras M Suarez/Globe Staff A sweet pea veloute at Liquid Art House.
100 Arlington St., Back Bay, Boston, 617-457-8130, www.liquidarthouse.com
Most entertaining
State Park
The folks from Hungry Mother created their version of a dive bar in Kendall Square. It has wood paneling and neon beer signs, Nashville hot chicken and gumbo poutine, Pimm's cup pitchers and intriguing beers. But most important, it has pinball, pool, and table shuffleboard. A night here is all fun and games.
Yoon S. Byun/Globe Staff State Park in Kendall Square.
1 Kendall Square, Kendall Square, Cambridge, 617-848-4355, www.stateparkcambridge.com
Biggest disappointment
Bar Boulud
Advertisement
When locals expressed skepticism about a New York-based chef opening a place on Boylston, I was certain they were wrong. Daniel Boulud is a master chef, and chef de cuisine Aaron Chambers won high praise in past posts. I believed they would be able to ensure quality and consistency. But on my visits, food and service were uneven. One night would bring gorgeous pate and boudin blanc, another overcooked, flavorless pasta and alarmingly undercooked offal. I hold out hope that Bar Boulud will become the restaurant it should be. In the meantime, L'Espalier isn't all that much more expensive, and Bistro du Midi isn't far away.
Invision for The Dalmore/AP Images Daniel Boulud of Bar Boulud.
776 Boylston St., Back Bay, Boston, 617-535-8800, www.barboulud.com/boston
Most welcome flavors
Tenoch
Tourists come to the North End for Italian food. North Enders sometimes want a little variety. They really lucked out with this offshoot of the Medford restaurant with the same name. Tenoch serves intensely craveable tortas, tacos, and other Mexican fare. The friendly folks who work here talk so lovingly of the food of their homeland, you'll want to book a ticket. Or at least come back the next day for another torta spiked with vibrant chile de arbol salsa.
Lane Turner/Globe Staff Torta choriqueso at Tenoch in the North End.
3 Lewis St., North End, Boston, 617-248-9537, www.tenochmexican.com
Looking back at 2014
Devra First can be reached at dfirst@globe.com . Follow her on Twitter @devrafirst
So there were some hiccups but it finally arrived and OH MY GODDESS! I was kinda speechless...this might be one of the top 3 gifts I've ever gotten from a RG exchange. The box was cute with Pirate Spider-Man. Once inside I saw an envelope, and inside was AWESOME mini journal/address book/just awesome!!!! And then there was this rolled up thing.....and I'm not really 100% sure what it is, but the pictures don't do it justice...there is a treasure map on the back, and It's really pretty. And then there was this epic box, and inside an even more EPIC jewelry box/treasure chest, but what's this....there is something inside....NAIL POLISH!! Red, Pink, Green, and a luscious purple that ooooo I love. TY RedditGifterPerson....please tell me who you are so I can properly thank you with hugs!
One of five people shot Sunday outside a convenience store in Pine Hills has died, investigators said Monday, marking the fourth fatal shooting in that neighborhood this month.
Jeffery Webb, 47, died at Orlando Regional Medical Center. The conditions and identities of the other four people weren't released.
Police said a number of people were standing outside the store when someone with a gun opened fire about 10 p.m. in the parking lot on North Lane near Pine Hills Road.
At least one of the victims was a teenager.
A witness who didn't want to be named out of fear he'd be "the next one shot," said he heard at least 10 gunshots. He was inside the Walgreens across the street and thought it was someone knocking on the glass doors.
Christal Hays / Orlando Sentinel Orlando Police are investigating after five people were shot near a shopping plaza on North Lane near Pine Hills Road on Sunday night. Orlando Police are investigating after five people were shot near a shopping plaza on North Lane near Pine Hills Road on Sunday night. (Christal Hays / Orlando Sentinel)
"It was quick and constant, like pow, pow, pow," he said.
Larry Mills, pastor at Mt. Sinai Missionary Baptist Church in Orlando, said the congregation held a discussion on Facebook Live Sunday afternoon calling for prayers for the city.
Webb's wife, sister and sister-in-law attend Mt. Sinai, Mills said, and the church is trying to console them over his death. Mills said he didn't know Webb, but has called on the community to stand up and stop the violence.
Since early October, eight people have died and at least 10 others were injured in 12 shootings in or near Pine Hills.
CAPTION The Orlando Police Department is asking local legislators for $250,000 to purchase the ANDE 6C Rapid DNA System, an instant DNA-testing technology that allows law enforcement to test and compare evidence in-house in less than two hours, without shipping it to a state lab. The Orlando Police Department is asking local legislators for $250,000 to purchase the ANDE 6C Rapid DNA System, an instant DNA-testing technology that allows law enforcement to test and compare evidence in-house in less than two hours, without shipping it to a state lab. CAPTION The Orlando Police Department is asking local legislators for $250,000 to purchase the ANDE 6C Rapid DNA System, an instant DNA-testing technology that allows law enforcement to test and compare evidence in-house in less than two hours, without shipping it to a state lab. The Orlando Police Department is asking local legislators for $250,000 to purchase the ANDE 6C Rapid DNA System, an instant DNA-testing technology that allows law enforcement to test and compare evidence in-house in less than two hours, without shipping it to a state lab. CAPTION Two Orlando-area massage parlors and women are among the dozens implicated in a six-month statewide investigation into human trafficking, prostitution and racketeering. Two Orlando-area massage parlors and women are among the dozens implicated in a six-month statewide investigation into human trafficking, prostitution and racketeering. CAPTION An engineering student at UCF was arrested after police discovered he was keeping a fully-automatic AR-15 in his car at his on-campus apartment, authorities said. An engineering student at UCF was arrested after police discovered he was keeping a fully-automatic AR-15 in his car at his on-campus apartment, authorities said. CAPTION A Chuluota man killed his parents and brother after he was kicked out of his home and accused of stealing more than $200,000 from his family to send to a woman he had met on a porn website, according to the Sheriff's Office. A Chuluota man killed his parents and brother after he was kicked out of his home and accused of stealing more than $200,000 from his family to send to a woman he had met on a porn website, according to the Sheriff's Office. CAPTION Announcing the solving of the Christine Franke cold case from 2001, Orlando Police chief Orlando Rolón, Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer, detectives and family members gather for a press conference at Orlando Police headquarters, Monday, Nov. 5, 2018. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Announcing the solving of the Christine Franke cold case from 2001, Orlando Police chief Orlando Rolón, Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer, detectives and family members gather for a press conference at Orlando Police headquarters, Monday, Nov. 5, 2018. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel)
Many of the cases remain unsolved, although investigators on Saturday announced the arrest of two teens accused in Wednesday's slaying of an innocent motorist outside a Citgo station at Silver Star and Pine Hills roads.
USDA website promotes food stamp programs.
President Donald Trump's enforcement of U.S. immigration laws is costing illegal aliens the benefits of food stamps, the Associated Press (AP) reported Tuesday.
In its article, “Fear of deportation drives people off food stamps in US,” AP argues that fear of deportation has scared some into opting out of USDA food stamp programs:
“A crackdown on illegal immigration under President Donald Trump has driven some poor people to take a drastic step: opt out of federal food assistance because they are fearful of deportation, activists and immigrants say.”
While the AP acknowledges that “People who are not legal residents of the U.S. are not eligible to take part” in food stamp programs, it says that families that include “a mix of non-legal residents” may be opting out.
“It is not possible to determine the extent of the phenomenon,” the AP concedes.
“Driving the most recent fears about the program is an increase in immigration enforcement,” the AP says, noting a 40 percent increase in arrests of illegal aliens in Trump's first 100 days in office:
“Immigration and Customs Enforcement arrested nearly 40 percent more people suspected of being in the country illegally in the first 100 days under Trump than in the same period a year earlier. The agency said nearly 75 percent of them had been convicted of criminal offenses but ‘non-criminal arrests' were up by more than 150 percent.”
In counterpoint, AP quotes Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) Executive Director Mark Krikorian, who likens the suggestion that Americans should pay to provide for illegal aliens, who willfully broke into the U.S., “moral blackmail”:
Snooty types roundly mock Donald Trump's suitability for the Oval Office. Exhibit A in the elitists' prosecution of Trump's candidacy is his lengthy run as a hugely popular reality show star. They ask how a misogynistic, mean-spirited, racist celebrity boss, infamous for uttering the cold-hearted phrase, “You're fired!”, could possibly lead a nation as demographically diverse as America?
That's because most critics of Trump's shows, and of his behavior in them, have never seen a single episode. If they had, they would have seen Trump exhibit the leadership skills and management sensibilities required to be a true “diversity president.”
He won't accomplish this task by abandoning his reality show persona. He'll succeed by being the very same boss in Washington D.C. that he was in his televised New York boardroom.
Although heavily lampooned, both The Apprentice and The Celebrity Apprentice provided plentiful evidence that America's much-heralded social and cultural diversity will be well served by Trump's election. This assertion is borne out by the many winning and successful contestants whose performances Trump rewarded without regard for their gender, race, age, sexual orientation, political views, or country of origin.
African American contestants favored by Trump over their WASP-ish fellow competitors included Randal Pinket, who won Season 4 of The Apprentice, and Kwame Jackson, chosen runner-up on the show's very first season in 2004. Trump rewarded these impressive individuals for their hard work and entrepreneurial savvy, as he did Holly Robinson Peete, who was runner-up on Season 3 of The Celebrity Apprentice. In The Celebrity Apprentice's fifth season, winner Arsenio Hall overcame runner-up Clay Aiken, the gay pop singer and liberal political activist.
On both Apprentice shows, Trump displayed personal and political sensitivities. For example, during Hall's winning season Trump forcefully defended Star Trek actor George Takei, whose male teammates questioned his stamina.
Trump educated them about Takei's innate toughness, the latter having survived a childhood spent in a World War II internment camp and an adulthood battling for gay rights. Thanks to Trump, both the celebrities sitting around their TV boardroom and the national audience sitting around their TV sets saw Takei in a new light.
On his shows, Trump enthusiastically advanced the careers of strong, intelligent women regardless of their age, race, disability, or personal history. On The Celebrity Apprentice, Trump's chosen Season 2 finalists were the then-septuagenarian comedienne Joan Rivers, who was hired over professional poker player, Annie Duke.
Season 4 saw hearing impaired actress Marlee Matlin finish a very strong second. In Season 7, Trump hired broadcaster Leeza Gibbons over legendary Hispanic American journalist, Geraldo Rivera.
The very first woman Trump ‘hired' on television was real estate broker Kendra Todd, who won Season 3 of The Apprentice. The show's sixth season saw Trump hire motivational speaker Stefanie Schaeffer.
The writing was on the wall in Season 1 of The Celebrity Apprentice. At that time, Trump set out his tolerance stall, specifically his belief in the humane treatment of immigrants trying to make a better life for themselves in this country. To that end, he chose the foreigner Piers Morgan, saddled not only with being an Englishman but a liberal journalist to boot, as the show's first winner over country music superstar Trace Adkins.
Throughout the many seasons of Trump's shows, his respectful treatment of an incredibly diverse cast of contestants ran counter to the politically correct story spun by his establishment opponents.
The reality is the only thing that influenced Trump's decision-making was the answer to the bottom-line question, can this candidate do the job? The obvious answer for pro-diversity voters is to hire Donald Trump.
Patrick Basham, a British expat, directs the Washington-based Democracy Institute.
Tighter international sanctions on Russia could lead to a flood of Russian wheat onto global markets, sending prices down
Tighter international trade restrictions on Russia could trigger a flood of wheat onto global markets.
Ukraine and Russia, along with North America, are Australia's biggest grain export competitors.
Market analysts are expecting Russian wheat yields to reach 50 million tonnes this year, with 20 million tonnes set for export.
Harvest of that grain is currently underway at a time when the United States and the European Union are considering further sanctions on Russia following the Malaysian Airlines plane crash.
Sydney University economics lecturer Mark Melatos says Russian wheat exporters might flood the market if they fear sanctions will restrict their exports.
"At the moment, it looks like the summer crop in Russia and Ukraine is going to be huge," he said.
"They're going to have a lot of grain sitting around and they may need to get rid of it, especially if they're trying to beat some trade sanctions that they think might be coming.
"That could really force prices down across the board."
Sanctions are restrictions on economic activity, typically between two or more countries.
Dr Melatos says sanctions usually occur in two forms - as trade barriers or restrictions on financial transactions between the two countries.
He says the US expended its sanctions on Russian individuals with close ties to the Kremlin, banks and businesses just days before the Malaysian Airlines crash.
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (3.24 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (3.24 MB)
Load more chevron right
"Sanctions could be very damaging on both sides," Dr Melatos said.
"On the Russian side, the costs are obvious.
"Their exports, or if they were financial sanctions, the costs to their businesses and banks would be very large and easy to see if they weren't able to transact business on a global scale.
"The cost to the imposing countries come from a number of directions.
"Firstly, someone buys the exports that Russia sells [and] those countries won't be able to buy exports any longer. So, for example, if they are buying Russian gas or if they are buying Russian wheat, they're going to have to find alternative suppliers.
"If we assume they were importing these things from Russia because they were priced well, they're going to face increased costs because they are going to be buying these products from new suppliers who are probably more expensive."
Dr Melatos says stricter sanctions are likely to hit gas and financial transactions the hardest.
He says wheat prices could increase if sanctions led to a complete trade embargo between Europe, the United States and Russia.
"If the sanctions meant the wheat couldn't be traded, then there would be less wheat supplied on the world market so prices would rise," Dr Melatos said.
"This would be great news for Australia and other big wheat exporters.
"There would be more demand for their product and they would be able to get higher prices."
Audio Player failed to load. Try to Download directly (2.20 MB) Space to play or pause, M to mute, left and right arrows to seek, up and down arrows for volume. Download (2.20 MB)
Load more chevron right
Australia exports about half of its grain yields to northern Africa, the Middle East and South East Asia.
Australia produced about 27 million tonnes of wheat in 2013 and is forecast to yield about 25 million tonnes in 2014.
Russia's 2013 wheat yield was about 50 million tonnes and it exported 20 million tonnes.
Ukraine is the world's fifth largest wheat exporter.
The Odessa region in Ukraine exports about six million tonnes of grain, about half of the country's total grain exports, each year.
The Crimea region, which Ukraine and Russia fought over earlier this year, used to export about 5 per cent of Ukraine's grain exports.
In May, tension between Russia and Ukraine led to riots in the Odessa region leading to the deaths of more than 40 people.
The riots triggered fears the region could lose access to its ports and restrict exports of grain.
The tension between Russia and Ukraine prompted a spike prices, with wheat selling for around A$300 a tonne.
At the moment, it looks like the summer crop in Russia and Ukraine is going to be huge. They're going to have a lot of grain sitting around and they may need to get rid of it, especially if they're trying to beat some trade sanctions that they think might be coming. That could really force prices down across the board. Dr Mark Melatos, University of Sydney
"We had this geo-political factor, but there was also a lot of uncertainty around the shape of the US winter wheat crop and how much wheat was actually going to come out of drought-stricken areas in the southern plains," said Hanna Janson, a commodities analyst with Profarmer.
"So as much as the rally seemed to be led by the Ukrainian-Russian conflict, it was exacerbated by this fundamental concern as to whether or not they'd actually be enough global wheat this season."
In the month since, wheat has traded around A$220 a tonne, with the Malaysian Airlines crash sparking just a A$5 per tonne rise.
That increase was wiped away the next day and prices have remained relatively flat in the days since.
Countries have continued to buy Russia's grain on the expectation that they will be able to access it.
"As much as the market was spooked with a flashback to the March rally and the situation when conflict in Russia and Ukraine first started to evolve, they've mulled that over and it is difficult for them to get a handle on what sanctions might actually mean and whether or not they're likely to impact on food exports," Ms Janson said.
"As a result, we've seen the trade put that to the back of their mind for a while and go back to trading on the fundamental factors."
Ms Janson says she expects a trade embargo or a political uprising in Russia will be needed for markets stop buying grain from the region.
She says as the harvest continues throughout Russia, yield forecasts are continuing to increase.
"The reality is there's still going to be a really large crop in that Black Sea region," Ms Janson said.
"There's still going to be quite a lot of wheat possibly able to hit the market over the coming season."
{flike}I have reported earlier that sheriffs in New Mexico are threatening to arrest federal agents if they attempt to enforce unconstitutional federal acts in contravention of state law.
The even better news is that sheriffs in other states are doing the same. Sheriff Brad Rogers of Elkhart County, Indiana has told Food and Drug Administration agents they will be arrested if they go on Amish farmer David Hochstetler's land. Having falsely alleged that raw, unpasteurized milk sold by Hochstetler had caused several cases of food poisoning, the FDA filed a complaint in federal court to support their attack on the farmer.
I have consumed raw milk for years and can affirm that it is not only safe, but much healthier than pasteurized milk.
The threat of incarceration led the feds to withdraw their complaint against Hochstetler. This was even after US Department of Justice attorney Ross Goldstein emailed the Sheriff that he would be arrested if he protected Hochstetler. When Sheriff Rogers refused to back down, the FDA cried uncle.
Rogers's communication to the feds seemed to have been quite convincing: “Any further attempts to inspect this farm without a warrant signed by a local judge, based on probable cause, will result in Federal inspectors' removal or arrest for trespassing by my officers or I.” The feds have gotten used to acting without due process — in this case, that means not bothering to get a search warrant.
Rogers' campaign website listed his number one objective as “Upholding the Constitution.” He is also concerned about the heart condition of his inmates and is determined to help “Provide Hope to Change a Heart.” Under that header he says, “The Elkhart County jail has 74 church services a month and allows unprecedented access to ministry volunteers. Not only can we impact inmates for the here and now, but for eternity.”
Sheriff Rogers requires his deputies to take three, two-day classes on the Constitution (at a tuition rate of $125 per person).
Rogers is not alone in his love for the Constitution. Ellis County, Texas Sheriff Johnny Brown has stated that he would resist any effort by the federal government to confiscate firearms in his county.
Sheriff Joe Baca in Sierra County, California told his county commission that he will not enforce road closures on Bureau of Land Management and Gila National Forest Lands.
Sheriff Gil Gilbertson of Josephine County, Oregon has told the Forest Service that he will protect those using the forest in his county. He has written a short treatise entitled, “Unraveling Federal Jurisdiction within a State.” It is actually a scholarly piece based on citations from the Constitution, court cases and statutes and concludes that the Forest Service has no authority in any county.
Siskiyou County, California Sheriff Jon Lopey has said: “I have told federal and state officials over and over that, yes, we want to preserve the environment, but you care more about the fish, frogs, trees and birds than you do about the human race. When will you start to balance your decisions to the needs of the people?…We are right now in a fight for our survival.” Lopey spearheaded a coalition of eight sheriffs calling themselves: “Defend Rural America.”
In the days after Hurricane Katrina, power was out for days. Food and medicine were about to be lost. So Sheriff Billy McGee of Forrest County, Mississippi — a Democrat — took action when he realized that a federal shipment of six trucks of ice bound for Hattiesburg turned out to be only four. McGee went in search of the other two and found them being guarded by some Army reservists who possessed bureaucratic mindsets.
McGee took steps to secure the ice, but was told he was not authorized to take the vehicles. When a reservist would not get off one of the trucks, McGee had him handcuffed. The ice was delivered where it was needed in Hattiesburg, explaining why McGee is also known as The Ice Man.
Not surprisingly, the feds have brought suit against the Sheriff in federal court. Perhaps McGee will arrest any marshals seeking to interfere with the duties of a peace officer.
It is encouraging that men of integrity, who understand that the sheriff is the top law enforcement officer in his county, have been elected in counties around the country. We should be looking for more who fit this description.
Please let me know if you are aware of any constitutional sheriffs, and use the contact button on the website to send me their names and stories.
YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki. Mike Nudelman/Business Insider YouTube's revenues were lighter than analysts expected, according to a new report from Amir Efrati at The Information.
Citing two sources, Efrati said gross revenue for Google from YouTube was $3.5 billion in 2013. After payments to partners, net revenue was only $1.5 billion. Efrati said YouTube is profitable.
Google never breaks out revenue figures for YouTube, so we're left to rely on estimates and reports.
The $3.5 billion is significantly behind forecasts. eMarketer thought YouTube would do $5.6 billion in gross revenue in 2013. In 2012, Citi analyst Mark Mahaney predicted $3.6 billion in gross revenue, and $2.4 billion in net revenue.
It's almost impossible to find a company comparable to YouTube. But, for some context, Netflix did $4.3 billion in revenue last year (PDF link). Twitter, which is a user-generated content site similar to YouTube in some ways, did $665 million in revenue in 2013. ESPN, which is a traditional network, was forecast to do $11 billion in 2013.
New YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki will be responsible for getting YouTube's revenues to grow.
In this wonderful riff on the periodic table, science communicator and PhD student Jamie Gallagher mapped out where the scientists were working when they made their discoveries. Since Lothar Meyer and Dmitry Ivanovich Mendeleev independently laid down the ground work for the modern periodic table, independent researchers and persistent teams have pushed to fill it—a quest that continues to this day.
“Before written history, people were aware of some of the elements in the periodic table. Elements such as gold (Au), silver (Ag), copper (Cu), lead (Pb), tin (Sn), and mercury (Hg),” were the elements of antiquity, according to Brewton-Parker College‘s history of the elements. In the mid-17th century the search for the myriad elements we know today really got going with Hennig Brands' discovery of phosphorus.
Every element has a story, and talking to Smart News Gallagher recounted one of his favorite tales of elemental discovery:
One of my favourites has to be polonium, though, the first element to be discovered by Marie and Pierre Curie. They were working in a modified shed with substances so dangerously radioactive their notes are still too active to be handled safely. Working together they isolated this element and later named it Polonium after Marie's home country. (A country, I may add, that turned her away from her pursuit of education as she was a politically interested female). It was her hope that by naming the element after Poland she could generate interested in the independence (from Germany) campaign for the country. Yet the victory comes in under the French flag where the work was carried out. It remains to this day the only element to be named after a political cause, and a wonderful tribute to a phenomenal woman.
More from Smithsonian.com:
Meet the New Elements
The Race for Element 113 Might Be Won
Six Secrets of Polonium
117th Element “Ununseptium” Confirmed, Will Get Name Not Stolen From Avatar
Steven Marks, 32, of West Hartford, Connecticut allegedly seen in surveillance video and the resulting mugshot
A supporter of President Donald Trump in Connecticut has been charged with criminal mischief and breach of the peace after a “false flag” effort to discredit liberals.
On the morning of June 16, Morley Elementary School Principal Ryan Cleary contacted police in West Hartford, Connecticut after elementary students found “swear words” on the playground equipment.
Responding officers found “Kill Trump,” “Left is the best,” “Bernie Sanders 2020” and “Death to Trump” written on a sign in the playground.
The investigation took an unexpected turn after police released surveillance video of a balding white male with a Red Sox t-shirt.
Steven Marks, 32, of West Hartford saw his likeness on local TV news and called police to turn himself in.
It turns out the suspect is a supporter of Donald Trump seeking to frame political detractors of the controversial president.
The Hartford Courant reported that Marks told investigators he “had the dumb idea to vandalize the school with what would seem to be liberal hate speech.”
So-called “false flag” operations originally referred to covert naval warfare, but the term has since been expanded to refer to any effort designed to deceive observers into believing the activities were the work of enemies.
Marks also allegedly told police his crime was, “out of anger towards liberals and they are breaking major laws everyday and being disrespectful towards our government.”
After getting caught breaking the law, Marks apologized.
“On the record. I want to say I'm sorry,” Marks told The Courant in an interview. “It was a stupid decision. I hope nobody wants to do the same because it's wrong.”
Marks was released on bail and Judge Tammy Geathers continued the case until August, 2nd.
Photo gallery: Gun control discussions at Ann Arbor school board meeting
Members of the Michigan Open Carry organization stands together as they wait to enter an Ann Arbor school board meeting at Ann Arbor Huron High School on Wednesday, March 11, 2015. Melanie Maxwell | The Ann Arbor News
(Melanie Maxwell | The Ann Arbor News)
The University of Michigan said it will uphold its policies prohibiting open carry of firearms, regardless of whether it complies with state law or not, The Detroit Free Press reported.
Ann Arbor gun advocate Josh Wade filed a lawsuit in June against U-M for not granting him a waiver allowing him to carry a weapon on campus.
According to the Free Press report, U-M filed papers saying it would continue to operate under the guidelines of its board, which only allows military and law enforcement agents to carry weapons on campus without a special-use permit issued by the school.
U-M cited the Michigan Constitution, saying the school is exempt from state laws that ban local governments from making weapons laws.
Earlier this year, Wade created a stir when he openly carried his handgun into Pioneer High School during a choir concert in which his sister was performing. Choir Director Steven Lorenz called the police after several people were concerned at the sight of a gun in the school. Following the concert, Ann Arbor musician Brian DiBlassio announced to the audience Wade was carrying a gun.
In the months since, the Ann Arbor School District announced it was banning weapons on school property despite state laws, which allow for legal open carry for concealed pistol licensees. Open-carry advocates have been on a counter attack to stop schools from banning open-carry in schools, even filing a lawsuit against AAPS for the ban.
Jeremy Allen is the higher education reporter for The Ann Arbor News. Follow him on Twitter at @JeremyAllenA2. Contact him at 810-247-4625 or jallen42@mlive.com.
• Michu has not gone on Swansea's pre-season tour to the US • Bahia International confirmed the clubs are in negotiations
Napoli and Swansea City are in talks over the transfer of the Spanish striker Michu on a season-long loan. Michu has not travelled with Swansea to the United States for their pre-season tour.
Bahia International, the company that represents Michu, confirmed on Wednesday that the clubs are in negotiations with a view to Michu joining Napoli on a one-season loan deal.
Michu moved to Swansea from Rayo Vallecano in a £2.2m deal in the summer of 2012 and was the club's top scorer with 22 goals in his first season.
However, last season the former Celta Vigo star struggled with knee and ankle problems which limited him to only 15 starts in the Premier League. The 28-year-old is under contract with the Swans until 2017.
Napoli's Spanish coach Rafa Benítez is looking to strengthen their attacking lineup before next season's Champions League campaign. The Naples club finished third in Serie A last season.
A rare coalition of 19 state attorneys general plus the attorney general from the U.S. Virgin Islands announced Tuesday they are joining forces to pursue investigations related to global warming, including looking into whether companies such as Exxon Mobil misled shareholders and the public about the risks of climate change.
The new coalition signals an escalation in the battle against companies that have played a central role in funding climate denying think tanks to help sow public confusion over the reality of human-caused global warming.
See also: New York launches investigation into whether Exxon lied about global warming
At a news conference in Manhattan, the attorneys general of Vermont, Connecticut, Maryland, Massachusetts, Virginia, the Virgin Islands and New York were joined by former vice president Al Gore at the outset of a daylong conference on climate change. Other attorneys general are also involved in the coalition, including those of California, Washington, D.C., Iowa, Illinois, Maine, Minnesota, New Mexico, Oregon and Washington.
While only two concrete developments in climate investigations were announced during the press conference, the “coalition of the willing,” as one state official called it, is likely to lead to more cases brought against fossil fuel firms or utilities that are suspected of deceiving stockholders or the public about the reality and risks of human-caused global warming.
Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey announced that her state is joining New York and California's investigation into whether Exxon committed fraud by misleading investors and the public about the very existence of human-caused global warming, despite having conducted its own in-house research that confirmed mainstream scientists' findings.
“Fossil fuel companies that deceived investors and consumers about the dangers of climate change should be, must be, held accountable. That's why I too have joined in investigating the practices of Exxon Mobil," Healey said. "We can all see today the troubling disconnect between what Exxon knew, what industry folks knew and what the company and industry chose to share with investors and with the American public.”
Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore addresses participants during a three-day climate change training and workshop on how best to address the effects of global climate change Monday, March 14, 2016 in suburban Pasay city, south of Manila, Philippines. Image: Bullit Marquez/Associated Press
Claude Walker, the attorney general for the U.S. Virgin Islands, said his office is also pursuing an investigation into a company for misleading the public and investors about climate change risks, though he did not specify whether that is Exxon or a different entity. Other sources told Mashable the investigation is into Exxon, however.
The Exxon investigations began after a series of investigative reporting published by Inside Climate News, the Los Angeles Times and other outlets during the past year showed that Exxon scientists told the company about the dangers of fossil fuel burning, but that the company chose instead to fund a vast network of climate denial think tanks to sow confusion about the science.
New York Attorney General Schneiderman called the gathering of top law enforcement officers from several states, “A significant milestone in our collective efforts to deal with the problem of climate change.”
Gore, for his part, hailed the possibility of more state-initiated investigations of fraud and other violations to finally bring to justice those who for years smeared climate scientists, and him personally, by arguing that global warming is a hoax or some sort of liberal conspiracy.
“I really believe that years from now this convening by attorney general Schneiderman and his colleagues may well be looked back upon as a real turning point in the effort to hold account those commercial interests who have been deceiving the American people,” Gore said.
Gore, who heads up the nonprofit Climate Reality Project and helps lead an investment firm built around principles of sustainability, likened the prospect of state-sponsored lawsuits against fossil fuel companies, utilities and others as similar to the state challenges that ultimately helped break the grip of the tobacco companies that refused to acknowledge the ties between their products and lung cancer.
This historic coalition will do all it can to push for even more aggressive action in defending our climate: https://t.co/xE9n0iSj4M — Eric Schneiderman (@AGSchneiderman) March 29, 2016
When pressed to clarify whether the gathering of so many state attorneys general meant a major expansion in the Exxon case or other specific cases, Schneiderman demurred, noting that different states have various statutes that affect how they can take legal action, and that many investigations are not announced at the outset or even while they are in progress.
“We are here today because we're all committed to pursuing what you might call an ‘all levers approach.' Every state has different laws, different statutes, different ways of going about this. The bottom line is simple. Climate change is real; it is a threat to all the people we represent,” he said.
“If there are companies, whether they're utilities or they're fossil fuel companies committing fraud in an effort to maximize their short-term profits at the expense of the people we represent, we want to find out about it, we want to expose it and we want to pursue it to the furthest extent of the law.”
Environmentalists greeted the news positively, saying it provides new momentum to the push to hold Exxon accountable.
"This creates a huge sense of momentum. Exxon may have been able to brush aside a few isolated inquiries, but with more states jumping on board, these investigations are sure to generate some serious waves," said Mary Boeve, the executive director of 350.org, in a statement.
"The Exxon revelations may turn out to be the largest corporate scandal in history. We'll be looking for the Department of Justice and many more cities and states to get involved. Everyone is impacted by climate change, which means everyone has a stake in these investigations. A trial of ExxonMobil and the fossil fuel industry would be even bigger than the cases against Big Tobacco."
Kathryn Mulvey, climate accountability campaign manager for the Union of Concerned Scientists, said in a statement: "Evidence shows that ExxonMobil and other fossil fuel companies have known about the risks posed by climate change for decades, but still chose to fund a multi-million dollar disinformation campaign against climate science and solutions. This pattern of deception continues today."
"We would applaud any move by the attorneys general of other states to join those of New York and California in seeking to hold fossil fuel companies accountable for decades of deception about the harm caused by their product.”
Democratic presidential candidates Sen. Bernie Sanders and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton have both said federal investigations of Exxon are necessary in light of what has already been revealed in media accounts. None of the Republican candidates have endorsed such investigations.
“I have some great friends that are NASCAR team owners.”
— Mitt Romney, Feb. 26
“Ann drives a couple of Cadillacs, actually.”
— Mitt Romney, Feb. 24
Fellow Republicans, as I stand here tonight to accept your nomination for the presidency of the United States, I feel like a million bucks. Actually, I feel as if I am worth between 150 and about 200 some-odd million dollars. It is difficult to say with certainty because some of it is in the Cayman Islands, Bermuda, Luxembourg and a Swiss bank account.
It is particularly meaningful to accept your nomination in Florida, a state where so many of my friends own so many things. The Miami Dolphins. The Orlando Magic. The Jacksonville Jaguars. The Doral country club. In fact, I have great friends who own some of Florida's finest hotels, resorts, yachts and most valuable tracts of real estate, from Palm Beach to Naples.
To reach this day, I feel as if I have lived the American Dream. I grew up on the real streets of America, in Bloomfield Hills, Mich. My father, a public servant, scrimped and saved enough of his earnings as CEO of American Motors to send me to the Cranbrook prep school, France and Harvard Business School.
From those humble beginnings, I was able to pull myself up by my bootstraps and become part of the great middle class of this country. As part of the American middle class, I have been able to buy various homes, four cars and several horses. Sure, there are government workers who make more than I do, but I am not complaining. I, like millions of Americans, have been unemployed.
To reach this stage tonight, I have crisscrossed this great land by chartered jet, from the cul-de-sacs of Greenwich, Conn., to the hills of La Jolla, Calif. Along the way, I have felt a kinship with my fellow Americans — not just those in East Hampton and Aspen, but also those in Grosse Pointe and Kenilworth. I have met unfortunate Americans, struggling to get by on less than the $374,000 I made in speaking fees — which, I can tell you, is not very much. I'm proud to say I got to where I am today without temporary little Band-Aids such as cuts in the payroll tax.
And though I am not concerned with the very poor, I have a good sense of the indignities working people face, because I have enjoyed firing a number of them myself. I have seen a checkout line at Wal-Mart. I have worn clothing from the Gap. I have stood with Americans forced to wear plastic ponchos at sporting events because they do not have big bucks. I know that terrible feeling of struggling to find a Lincoln in my wallet because it was hidden behind a Franklin.
On my path to the nomination, I survived many false and misleading attacks. My opponents accused me of quadrupling the size of my $12 million home in California, but this was a lie. I was only doubling the square footage, if you don't count the basement and garage. There was also that woman in New Hampshire who asked me to give up some of my four houses. But I only have three — and that's counting the little place with the guest house and boathouse on Lake Winnipesaukee.
I am accepting your nomination tonight on behalf of the millions of Americans who fear they will get the pink slip — a fear I have felt as well. I may not have struggled to make a mortgage payment, but my great friends the Marriotts run many lodging facilities. I know what it's like to be an office worker because my colleagues and I used to be owners of Staples. I know people can have trouble sleeping at night because we had a stake in Sealy. I know how hard it can be to put food on the table, because we were owners of Domino's Pizza. I understand American ingenuity because we owned part of Brookstone.
Corporations are people, my friends, and I'd particularly like to thank a few very special people — Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase, Morgan Stanley and Credit Suisse — for allowing me to survive the Newt Gingrich scare in South Carolina and the Rick Santorum scare in Michigan.
So let us go forth from this convention to win the White House. To those who say that we cannot win, I have a simple reply: I'll bet you 10,000 bucks.
danamilbank@washpost.com
Tony Hsieh, CEO and cultlike leader of Zappos.
Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images
Zappos, the online clothing retailer and Amazon subsidiary, has spent the past year and a half conducting a peculiar experiment. It's called holacracy, and it's the somewhat radical notion that the employees of some companies—like Zappos—would function better without managers in the mix. At Zappos, the project began in late 2013, when chief executive Tony Hsieh announced that the company would eliminate all titles and managers and transition to a holacratic structure.
In theory, holacracy has a certain appeal. Who hasn't, at some point, wished for a world without bosses, or that a manager would just disappear for a while? At Zappos, though, it seems like the ideal of self-governance has stumbled in practice. In late March, Hsieh said in a companywide memo that Zappos would accelerate its transition to holacracy with a “rip the bandaid” approach. “As previously stated, self-management and self-organization is not for everyone, and not everyone will necessarily want to move forward in the direction of the Best Customers Strategy and the strategy statements that were recently rolled out,” Hsieh wrote.
He offered dissatisfied employees at least three months severance if they quit; 210 of them—or roughly 14 percent of the company's workforce—took it.
There's nothing especially odd about the severance deal itself. Zappos has long offered employees money to leave if they don't feel the job is a good fit. New hires who feel out of place in the company's offbeat culture are promised one month's pay should they choose to move on. Amazon's Jeff Bezos has adopted this management strategy at his company's warehouses. Amazon's “Pay to Quit” program offers workers a chance to quit once a year, with the bid starting at $2,000 and increasing by $1,000 a year until it reaches $5,000. “In the long run, an employee staying somewhere they don't want to be isn't healthy for the employee or the company,” Bezos wrote in last year's letter to shareholders.
What's troubling is that 14 percent of all employees accepted. Historically, just 1 to 3 percent of new hires have taken Zappos' severance deal. Amazon said last year that only “a small percentage” of its employees end up doing the same. The Zappos exodus suggests that employees aren't buying into holacracy, the language of which wavers between manifesto-esque and outright cultish. (See again Hsieh's March memo: “The people management aspects of the manager role are valuable in what the book refers to as Orange and Green organizations, but do not make sense in a self-organized and self-managing Teal organization.” And: “The right question is not: how can everyone have equal power? It is rather: how can everyone be powerful?”)
Back when Zappos first announced its holacracy initiative, I spoke with Jan Klein, a lecturer at the MIT Sloan School of Management and expert on self-management. Klein was skeptical that Zappos would be able to pull off the shift. Holacratic systems have a history of failing for one reason or another, and are notoriously difficult to scale. There's also plenty of reason to question Hsieh's pseudo-utopian approach to management and business. The Downtown Project, Hsieh's multimillion dollar attempt to revitalize Las Vegas with startups and a happiness manifesto, has faced unsettling accusations: nepotistic hiring, juvenile management, and three suicides that were largely kept quiet. Last September, as many of these reports were coming out, Hsieh abruptly stepped down as the project's leader.
John Bunch, the Zappos employee heading up the move to holacracy, told the Wall Street Journal that he's not concerned by the 210 departures. “Whatever the number of people who took the offer was the right number as they made the decision that was right for them and right for Zappos,” he said. Presumably Bunch has to say that. But no matter how you spin it, 210 people is a lot of employees to lose at once, and an even more formidable number to consider replacing.
Lex Ishimoto and All-Star Gaby Diaz perform a samba choreographed by Sasha Farber on “So You Think You Can Dance” on Sept. 11. (Photo by Adam Rose)
The Top 4 contestants Koine Iwasaki, Kiki Nyemchek, Lex Ishimoto and Taylor Sieve on “So You Think You Can Dance.” (Photo by Adam Rose)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Koine Iwasaki and Lex Ishimoto perform a disco routine to “Knock on Wood,” choreographed by Doriana Sanchez, on “So You Think You Can Dance” on Sept. 11. (Photo by Adam Rose)
Koine Iwasaki and Lex Ishimoto perform a disco routine to “Knock on Wood,” choreographed by Doriana Sanchez, on “So You Think You Can Dance” on Sept. 11. (Photo by Adam Rose)
Lex Ishimoto and All-Star Gaby Diaz perform a samba choreographed by Sasha Farber on “So You Think You Can Dance” on Sept. 11. (Photo by Adam Rose)
Lex Ishimoto is on “So You Think You Can Dance,” airing Mondays on Fox. (Photo by Adam Rose/FOX)
The Top 6 contestants walked onto Fox's “So You Think You Can Dance” stage on Monday knowing that when host Cat Deeley finally announced the results, two of them would be heading home and just four would return for the final show of Season 14 next week.
Fans of Orange County's Lex Ishimoto were able to breathe a sigh of relief early on as he was the first contestant to be sent to the finals.
It was a victory slightly dampened by concern for Ishimoto, who seemed to be in pain after performing a lift-filled disco routine with fellow contestant Koine Iwasaki.
Before giving his comments on the routine, judge Nigel Lythgoe said to Ishimoto: “What's happened? I know something's happened.”
But Ishimoto, stoic as usual, shrugged it off (and then hobbled off), chalking the discomfort up to old injuries.
Ishimoto performed dances in two genres out of his style, a samba with All-Star Gaby Diaz and the disco with Iwasaki that almost did him in. We guess that even he was apprehensive before the live show from an Instagram caption that read, “Um. Tomorrow will be … interesting.”
He went on to say that dancing with his partner Diaz “will make it an easier process.”
This may have been Ishimoto admitting that he isn't a natural at every dance style despite his continued success throughout the season.
Ishimoto has never been in the bottom three and rarely receives a negative critique from judges Mary Murphy, Vanessa Hudgens and Lythgoe.
Following Ishimoto into the finale on Monday, Sept. 18, are ballroom dancer Kiki Nyemchek and contemporary dancers Iwaski and Taylor Sieve.
The fate of the remaining four dancers rests with America's audience, who vote after the show.
Ishimoto performed an impressive solo that displayed his trademark blend of contemporary, acrobatics and how-did-he-do-that-moments, but will that be enough?
We'll find out soon if a 19-year-old from Irvine is “America's Favorite Dancer” and if winning “So You Think You Can Dance” will help him live out his personal motto — #StayLegendary.
Pinterest
An education blogger in Utah is out of a job today after writing a blog post explaining "homophones" for the Nomen Global Language Center.
Tim Torkildson said he was fired by his boss and NGLC owner, Clarke Woodger, for promoting a gay agenda.
If you need a quick reminder from elementary school English class, a homophone is a word or words that are pronounced like another word but varies in spelling or definition, like "to, too, and two."
This is not the same as a homophobe, which is defined as a person who hates or fears those who identify with a homosexual orientation.
"This blog about homophones was the last straw. Now our school is going to be associated with homosexuality," Woodger allegedly told Torkildson before letting him go.
Torkildson wrote a post about the firing here.
"I had to look up the word," Woodger allegedly told him, "because I didn't know what the hell you were talking about. We don't teach this kind of advanced stuff to our students, and it's extremely inappropriate. Can you have your desk cleaned out by eleven this morning? I'll have your check ready."
The story was picked up by the Salt Lake Tribune, where it reads as an article worthy of The Onion.
According to the Tribune,
Woodger says his reaction to Torkildson's blog has nothing to do with homosexuality but that Torkildson had caused him concern because he would "go off on tangents" in his blogs that would be confusing and sometimes could be considered offensive.
Nomen is Utah's largest private English as a Second Language school and caters mostly to foreign students seeking admission to U.S. colleges and universities. Woodger says his school has taught 6,500 students from 58 countries during the past 15 years. Most of them, he says, are at basic levels of English and are not ready for the more complicated concepts such as homophones.
Jurgen Klopp led Mainz to promotion to the Bundesliga and the Uefa Cup in his first managerial job
"Bayern Munich want to destroy us," said Borussia Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke after Robert Lewandowski became the latest of his players to agree a switch to the Allianz Arena in January.
The Poland striker scored his first goal against his former club in Bayern's 2-1 win on Saturday to help condemn Dortmund to a fifth straight league loss and leave them third from bottom in the Bundesliga.
So, with Marco Reus possibly following Lewandowski and Mario Gotze to Munich, are Bavaria to blame for the 2013 Champions League finalists' decline?
Jurgen Klopp's Dortmund revolution
Jurgen Klopp described winning the domestic double with Dortmund in 2012 as being "better than he could have imagined"
A Champions League final, two Bundesliga titles and a German Cup: Jurgen Klopp has helped Die Schwarzgelben return to the European elite from the brink of bankruptcy since being appointed coach in July 2008.
Dortmund were no stranger to success, having won the Champions League in 1997, and winning three Bundesliga titles between 1995 and 2002, but when Klopp arrived from Mainz the club was on the brink of collapse.
Media playback is not supported on this device Lowly Dortmund aim for Bavaria boost
Dortmund chief executive Hans-Joachim Watzke told FAZ in 2013 that the club was "a millimetre away from going bust" during that period. Between 2004 to 2008, they finished sixth, seventh, ninth and 13th.
Their re-emergence began when Klopp was appointed as they won the Bundesliga in 2010-11 with the youngest team ever to win the domestic title. The following year, Dortmund successfully defended their title and won the German Cup, to make it a historic double.
On 24 April 2013 they defeated Real Madrid 4-1 to set up a trip to Wembley for the Champions League final but, following defeat by rivals Bayern, their era of success has slowly started to subside.
"Klopp has done a brilliant job," said NDR Radio reporter Alexander Bleick. "When he took over, Dortmund were a middle class team."
From champs to chumps
Dortmund goalkeeper Roman Weidenfeller has seen his side concede 17 goals in 10 matches this season
Bayern emphasised their Bundesliga dominance last season when they defended their title with a record seven games to go, finishing 19 points above runners-up Dortmund.
Few would have predicted what was to follow though, with Saturday's defeat by Bayern leaving Dortmund 17 points behind their rivals after just 10 matches and, with just seven points, sitting in the bottom three.
Their worst ever start to a Bundesliga campaign is contradictory to their Champions League form, where Dortmund sit top of Group D with three wins out of three and yet to concede a goal.
Striker Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang told BBC World: "It is true you almost get the feeling we have two faces at the moment. One in the Bundesliga and one in the Champions League."
When did it all go wrong?
Arjen Robben's late goal gave Bayern a 2-1 Champions League final win over Dortmund in 2013
The 2013 Champions League final defeat to Bayern is seen by many as the moment things started to go wrong.
Had Dortmund been crowned kings of Europe, perhaps they would have been able to prevent their stars from deserting to the Allianz Arena?
This seems a little simplistic as the signs of Dortmund's collapse were already in evidence. Star midfielder Mario Gotze's £31.5m move to Bayern was announced on the eve of the Champions League defeat for starters.
Also that season, Dortmund may have been Bundesliga runners-up but they finished 26 points behind champions Bayern to suggest the latter's dominance had already begun.
The key departure this summer was Robert Lewandowski's move to Bayern after 101 goals in 185 appearances for Dortmund.
Klopp was busy in the transfer market over the summer in a bid to replace him, signing last season's Serie A top scorer Ciro Immobile from Torino, sealing the return of Shinji Kagawa from Manchester United and buying Adrian Ramos from Hertha Berlin.
But they have just 10 goals after as many matches this season, compared with 22 goals at the same stage last season.
"They haven't been able to replace Lewandowski," said Bleick. "They have tried but they lack the self-confidence to score the goals. "
'Copycat' Bayern Munich to blame?
Marco Reus's Dortmund contract runs until 2017 but Bayern are reportedly interested in the midfielder
So it is all Bavaria's fault then? Maybe not, but it is fair to say relations between the two clubs are not good.
The traditional pre-match lunch between Bayern and Dortmund bosses was scrapped yesterday after a war of words between the two clubs that has been ongoing almost ever since Gotze's £31.5m switch.
Their relationship hasn't been helped by Bavaria's recent pursuit of Marco Reus, Dortmund's 25-year-old Germany midfielder.
Watzke told Bild in January: "They have helped themselves to our players, so we wouldn't be a danger."
Bayern splashes the cash In the past four seasons, Bayern Munich have spent in the region of £56.5m compared to Dortmund's estimated £36.5m In that period Bavaria have received around £16m for sales, while Dortmund have received an approximate £52m
He also told TZ last month: "There are players here at Dortmund who are happy to play for 20% less money. But that's not the case when we're talking about 50% less money. It's like they (Bayern) want all of our players."
Bayern chief executive Karl-Heinz Rummenigge responded in Saturday's match programme: "We don't have to weaken anybody. Every transfer has exclusively one goal, to strengthen the team's quality."
"A few years ago the two clubs had quite a good relationship," said Bleick. "But when Borussia Dortmund won the title twice, they were celebrating quite offensively, saying 'we are back now'. Bavaria did not like that.
"When Dortmund beat Bayern 5-2 in the German Cup final, the celebrations were extraordinary. Bavaria decided they have to get back and spent a lot of money and the relationship got worse.
"Dortmund believe Bayern Munich want to destroy their work."
Other reasons for downfall
Robert Lewandowski joined Bavaria from Dortmund on a free transfer in the summer
To blame Bavaria's transfer policy for Dortmund's decline would be too easy.
Sporting director Michael Zorc said: "We've made unbelievable mistakes in the defence, like never before."
"Bayern Munich's signing of Dortmund's players is just one factor," said Bleick. "Although the main problem is replacing Lewandowski.
"Injuries have not helped either and when they get their players back I think we will be looking at Dortmund improving."
Striker Aubameyang believes motivation has been a factor in Dortmund's struggles this season, admitting the Champions League games feel different.
"I think we are going to have found extra motivation in the league," he told BBC World. "When you are playing in the Champions League there is no need to have extra motivation because the games are so special."
Always look on the bright side
Borussia Dortmund have the highest average attendance in the world
"Despite Dortmund's struggles there are no whistles or posters against the manager from the supporters," said Bleick. "They still admire and support him."
One woman even made a declaration of love during a news conference before the match against Bayern on Tuesday, saying to Klopp: "You led us to success and we will lead you through the crisis."
Media playback is not supported on this device 'In Germany, the fan is king'
During BBC World's visit to Dortmund at the weekend, statements from the fans included "nothing much is wrong", "They are not so hungry", "I think they will come again".
Bleick continued: "Dortmund aren't so strong as they were last year but in a couple of months, I think we will be talking about them back into eighth or ninth.
"Bayern Munich are becoming quite untouchable, other teams don't have the depth to catch them. If they struggle in the Champions League again this season I expect them to spend a lot of money again."
Klopp said of Bavaria's pursuit of Reus last week: "I believe life is fair and if you misbehave while you are successful, you will get it back one day."
He may have to wait a while to get his revenge but there is no shortage of belief he is still the man to achieve it.
Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) came face-to-face with his constituents Thursday during a tense town hall event in Phoenix, Arizona. The senator, who has perhaps been the loudest Republican voice supporting military action in Syria met voters who were vehemently opposed to intervention and let their voices be heard.
According to a report by CNN's Kevin Liptak, one man told McCain, “We didn't send you to make war for us. We sent you to stop the war,” drawing applause from the crowd. Another man held up a bag on marshmallows, telling him, “This is what I think of Congress. They are a bunch of marshmallows. That's what they are. That's what they've become. Why are you not listening to the people and staying out of Syria? It's not our fight.”
Videos captured at the event show McCain contending with the often angry crowd. At one point, a man repeatedly attempted to interrupt McCain mid-speech, causing the senator to stop and address him. “What you're doing is not just disrespectful to me, but disrespectful to others who want their opinions and views heard.”
Later, a woman who said she had a young cousin living in Syria delivered an emotional plea to McCain. “For me, to listen to you say there is no good option in Syria-–I refuse to believe that,” she told him. “The good option right now is to take Saudi Arabia and Iran and force them to stop supporting the two sides in Syria. And you could do it. You can do it by diplomacy, not bombs, Sen. McCain. We cannot afford to shed more Syrian blood.”
McCain thanked the woman, who got loud support from the crowd, for her “emotional plea,” but disputed what he saw as her support for the Assad regime. “To say that Bashar Assad is anything but a merciless butcher, then we have a strong disagreement.”
Watch the two exchanges in the video below:
[h/t TheBlaze]
[photo via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Matt Wilstein (@TheMattWilstein) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng presented with the flag of the CCJAfrica after being elected its president at its 4th congress in Cape Town. (Paul Herman, News24)
Cape Town - Chief Justice Mogoeng Mogoeng has been elected President of the Conference of Constitutional Jurisdictions of Africa (CCJA) at its fourth congress.
Mogoeng was elected on Wednesday after a four-day congress hosted at the Cape Town International Convention Centre, under the theme: "Strengthening the independence of the judiciary and respect for the rule of law".
He had previously served as vice president under the outgoing Marie Madeleine Mborantsuo of Gabon. He will serve for two years.
Dignitaries from 35 African countries attended the event.
Mogoeng told the congress he was honoured to be elected the conference's president, and thanked members of the organising committee publicly for hosting a successful event.
He said his own country was evidence of how a Constitutional democracy can unite a warring nation.
"Just before the transition to democracy, there were three incidents that took place that left some of us unsure that the negotiations were going to be successful.
"The first was when a group of right-wingers drove a truck through the venue where leaders were holding the negotiation talks. The former chief justices who were present had to duck and hide for fear of their lives.
"There was a stage where there was a very ugly exchange of words between former President De Klerk and Nelson Mandela. We all thought, that is it, it is over.
"Finally, it was the assassination of Chris Hani, who was killed by a white, right-winger.
"Despite this history, [today] we are a Constitutional democracy. Those were just the birth pains."
Corruption the enemy
He said corruption was a key element hampering the alleviation of poverty in Africa.
"We enjoy a singular honour as judges of courts on this continent, of eradicating corruption," he said.
"But we can only do that, if we are not corrupt. It takes the uncorrupted to deal effectively with those who are corrupt.
"Do we eat from the same dish as the corrupt, using our legal expertise to cover up?"
He said judges on the continent need to be honest and principled, and be ready to die for a just cause, if death was a realistic possibility for them.
Corrupt individuals will look to use and manipulate judges to the point of dumping them "like chewing gum, once they have lost their sweetness".
The continent also needs to look at best practices from around the world, and define for itself an African best practice in upholding their respective Constitutions.
This should include peer review, he said. "Let us be predictably principled, as judges."
He said his position of Chief Justice belongs to all the people of his country, and he therefore cannot laud it over citizens.
Africa's past meeting its future
Mogoeng considered the possibility and the hope that Africa could one day be a stronghold for the rule of law around the world.
"If only we can be united in the vision that has long been waited for: the vision of demonstrating to all that African people have what it takes to take their continent to the greatest heights that it was once known for."
He cited ancient nations and cities that were known for advancements in technology, such as Egypt, and riches, such as Timbuktu, as evidence of the continent's potential, when other civilizations were still small.
Mogoeng said he will assume his presidency confident that the CCJA will begin a "beautiful launch of this new phase of the organisation".
"Let us go and work. Thank you very much," he finished.
The CCJA is an independent institution established by constitutional judiciaries in Africa, to ensure that the judiciary in each member state supports and deepens democracy by upholding constitutionalism and the rule of law.
The African Union decided in 2010 that a CCJA was necessary to establish to help the continent strengthen its judicial mechanisms against corruption and state abuse.
I could visit every country in the world and not having something so amazing happen in my life.
You may be able to tell Megan and I are pretty freaking smitten when it comes to Laos. With it's beautiful scenery, abundant amount of waterfalls and motorbike rides across the country this place has it all.
But if that epic adventure in Laos wasn't enough. It seems as though some random guy who will now be dubbed “the monk that lives in my phone,” wants us to remember Laos through his eyes for the rest of our lives by sending us pictures like the one below.
One day during our travels I stumbled across this picture on my iPhone. I was completely confused as I have no idea who the hell that guy is nor did I have any memory of taking that photo.
We are still getting more photos from the Monk Living in My Phone, you can get them on our instagram.
Megan and I wrote it off as just a weird situation until a couple weeks later I got this gem.
It was clear something was up because having a picture on your iPhone of a shirtless monk laying down in what looks like a locker room is definitely something you would remember taking.
Or that time when you somehow got a bunch of monks to pose for you.
But being on the constant move and traveling to new cities all the time I just had no idea wtf was going on. Almost as soon as I would see a new photo it was time to start making moves for the next part of the trip.
One day we had some pretty good internet and my phone all the sudden had over 100 photos on it.
Most of them were photos of monks posing pretty hard.
[justified_image_grid preset=c2 row_height=500 max_rows=1 gallery ids=”13120,13121″]
So I did some thinking about how the hell I was getting all these monk photos and remembered that about a month prior I had lost my iPod Touch when commuting from one city to the next. A sleepless 9 hour bus ride over 130km, yes that's just a pathetic 13.6 km an hour, I got extremely tired, grumpy, and all around hangry when we arrived to our destination. It was only supposed to be a 3.5-hour ride so I didn't think to bring food. When we arrived all of our plans fell to hell in a hand basket and in the confusion of trying to go the bathroom, being bombarded with tuk tuks and figuring out where we were headed I left my iPod touch on a table outside of a restaurant.
Now most of the time when you lose something it sucks. You're furious at the world and want to kick some teeth in.
However it appeared something amazing was happening. The person who took my iPod never logged out of my iCloud services and whenever they got internet it would upload to my iCloud account and when ever I got internet I would see these magical gems.
It was like I was seeing a whole new world. I was getting a rare glimpse into this monks life and it became sort of fun to see where this guy was going. I wouldn't get these photos everyday due to internet and would often forget about this guy until one day when I had internet they would all just load up for my viewing pleasure.
It appeared one day his monk days were over and it was time to hitch a ride into town.
He stopped at some sort of festivity.
Then it looks like he was back to school with his friends.
Peace love and chicken grease.
I'm not sure but it seems this guy is a bit of a goofball.
[justified_image_grid preset=c2 row_height=500 max_rows=1 gallery ids=”13125,13126″]
As the photos kept coming in it was amazing to see how incredibly different our lives were.
For example, this is a rather common mode of transportation in Laos. How many times have you taken a car selfie? This isn't really any different.
I can't tell for sure but I think one of his friends is working on getting a telephone pole set up.
Kind of crazy to think this is just another day for that person up there. No harness, no equipment to help him get up and down. Crazy.
There are quite a few times where I just randomly receive a photo that makes me wonder so many questions. Like this one for example.
And moments later…
What are they doing to this guy?
I started to learn that my Monk and I had some things in common. Like we both like to travel. Here he showed up one day in Thailand. Ironically as I was also in Thailand. Would I ever meet the monk in my phone?
But one thing he has on me for sure is incredible selfie skills…
I get so embarrassed when I'm taking selfies. But after seeing some of these maybe I'll up my game.
I've learned the monk in my phone also loves meeting people on his travels and posing with them.
A Lot
Especially with the Falangs (foreigners.)
The monk in my phone is really good at meeting new people!
He took a ton of photos with this guy…
I think the monk in my phone likes tables as he was taking some pictures of them on computer screens.
[justified_image_grid preset=c2 row_height=300 gallery ids=”13138,13139,13140″]
Then it seemed like the monk in my phone had to start studying some terms possibly for some sort of test. I wish you luck monk in my phone!
The monk in my phone seems like a fun goofball kind of guy that I would like and seems to travel around Laos and S.E. Asia meeting people. I am really enjoying his travels quite a bit and seeing even though we have such different backgrounds and lives how much we have in common.
Especially sharing our travels. It appears he is currently in Vientiane working on his fisheye and forced perspective game.
[justified_image_grid preset=c2 row_height=350 gallery ids=”13143,13144,13145″]
It seems as though he really wants me to improve my selfie game because he is constantly blowing up my feed with some impressive selfies.
[justified_image_grid preset=c2 row_height=400 gallery ids=”13146,13147,13148″]
All in all I have over 350 photos from the monk in my phone. Now that I am back in Korea and getting internet at least once a day the photos seem to be coming in a bit more regularly.
I wish there is a way I could tell the monk in my phone that I am getting his photos without turning my iPod into a brick because I genuinely don't need it and want him to be able to keep documenting his travels!
Here's to the monk in my phone and his awesome journeys. Travel safe my friend!
[UPDATE]
After people on reddit mentioned the dude on the other end of the phone is probably getting my images I have gotten help to send translate a message to try and establish contact. It is pretty exciting. I have been sharing the story on my instagram account.
Rapporteur Mady Delvaux (S&D, LU) said: “A growing number of areas of our daily lives are increasingly affected by robotics. In order to address this reality and to ensure that robots are and will remain in the service of humans, we urgently need to create a robust European legal framework”. Her report, approved by 17 votes to 2, with 2 abstentions, looks at robotics-related issues such as liability, safety and changes in the labour market.
MEPs stress that EU-wide rules are needed to fully exploit the economic potential of robotics and artificial intelligence and guarantee a standard level of safety and security. The EU needs to take the lead on regulatory standards, so as not to be forced to follow those set by third states, argues the report.
A new European Agency for robotics and a Code of Ethical Conduct
MEPs urge the Commission to consider creating a European agency for robotics and artificial intelligence to supply public authorities with technical, ethical and regulatory expertise.
They also propose a voluntary ethical conduct code to regulate who would be accountable for the social, environmental and human health impacts of robotics and ensure that they operate in accordance with legal, safety and ethical standards.
For example, this code should recommend that robot designers include “kill” switches so that robots can be turned off in emergencies, they add.
Liability rules
MEPs note that harmonised rules are especially urgently needed for self-driving cars. They call for an obligatory insurance scheme and a fund to ensure victims are fully compensated in cases of accidents caused by driverless cars.
In the long-term, the possibility of creating a specific legal status of “electronic persons” for the most sophisticated autonomous robots, so as to clarify responsibility in cases of damage, should also be considered, MEPs say.
Social impact
The development of robotics could also result in big societal changes, including the creation and loss of jobs in certain fields, says the text. It urges the Commission to follow these trends closely, including new employment models and the viability of the current tax and social system for robotics.
Request for legislation
This legislative initiative invites the Commission to present a legislative proposal. It is not obliged to do so, but must state its reasons if it refuses.
Next steps
The full house will vote on the draft proposals in February, which will need to be approved by absolute majority according to the legislative initiative procedure.
Background
The resolution is based on a report prepared by a Working Group on legal questions related to the development of Robotics and Artificial Intelligence, established in January 2015.
Yes, Tony Abbott, it is “situation normal” for a government to have to deal with minor parties in the Senate to get its legislation through. But the way your team handled those “negotiations” in the Senate this week is not “situation normal” at all. In fact, in 26 years of reporting politics, I've never seen anything quite like it.
It is extremely abnormal for a government Senate team to negotiate an amendment with a lower house MP and a gaggle of others in a corridor as journalists watch on and the clock ticks down on the government's own gag motion.
The most abnormal thing in the current equation is Clive Palmer himself, who, unlike many crossbench senators in the past, has no discernible policy framework and appears mainly intent on using his Senate power to create havoc and place himself at the centre of things.
This is, after all, the bloke who said this week, while launching a publication on the renewable energy target:, “When it comes to fighting climate sceptics you have to persevere.”
But before the election, asked on the ABC whether he agreed that global warming would have a big impact on Australia, he said: “No, I don't believe that's so. There's been global warming for a long time. I mean, all of Ireland was covered by ice at one time. There were no human inhabitants in Ireland. That's how the world has been going over millions and billions of years and Ross Garnaut knows that's true, so I think that's part of the natural cycle.”
That kind of inconsistency, and the sheer number of crossbench senators, does make this situation particularly difficult.
But the government's tactics have also been inept, trying to score quick political “wins” by insisting the new Senate sit almost immediately in July and then forcing through a vote, rather than taking the long and frustrating road of first locking down deals in the back rooms.
The closest Senate I can recall for unpredictability is the one Paul Keating had to deal with from 1993 to 1996, when Labor had to win over the Democrats and the Tasmanian independent Brian Harradine, or the two West Australian Greens, Dee Margetts and Christabel Chamarette.
Keating, while forbidding then treasurer John Dawkins from attending a Senate estimates committee during the previous parliament, had already labelled the upper house “unrepresentative swill”.
And that was before the 1993 Senate – which so stretched the patience of the government's then Senate leader, Gareth Evans, that he told Chamarette during negotiations over the Mabo native title laws to ''stick your bottom line up your bottom and get out of here''.
Recalling these similarities during Thursday's dramas I tweeted, with – I thought – obvious sarcasm, that the Senate had not been this much fun since Margetts and Chamarette. The Daily Telegraph, bless them, thought I was seriously having a good time, and tut in an editorial on Friday that “fun” wasn't the word they would use for it.
Lenore Taylor (@lenoretaylor) The senate hasn't been this much fun since Dee Margetts and Christabel Chamarette #auspol
It's nice to know they are paying such close attention, but the point of exhuming this piece of ancient history is that it provides some lessons for the government's current policymaking dilemma.
Despite Chamarette reportedly believing cognitive dissonance had a place in political decision-making, and despite Evans not being most people's idea of a natural born conciliator, after weeks of long and exhausting negotiations and 238 amendments, the Mabo legislation was eventually passed.
When it comes to the Senate, governments have to play the hand they are dealt, unless they are prepared to go back to the voters, which for a government trailing by 10 percentage points in two-party-preferred terms would not appear to be on the cards.
And no amount of yelling from the House of Representatives, or from the editorial sidelines, or front page PhotoShopped pictures, is going to make the three Palmer United party senators go away.
The government is going to have to work smarter, and slower, to lock in legislative deals. It is going to have to argue out the detail. Transparency could be the best way for the government to try to avoid chaos, or at least to prove that it is not chaos of its own creation.
And it would always seem unwise to impose deadlines on itself that give Palmer the chance to create the drama he thrives on.
It remains extremely likely that the carbon tax will be repealed next week.
But ominously, next Friday is another deadline – the date after which electricity retailers say they cannot continue to act as though the tax is repealed if the parliament hasn't actually done it. And the government is still negotiating last-minute changes to the last-minute amendment to the repeal bills proposed by Palmer. They haven't yet started on the budget.
The government needs new tactics, and quickly, to deal with this new normal.
It was a night of multicultural celebration for The Daily Show correspondent Aasif Mandvi and his bride, Shaifali Puri.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
The two were married at the Fox theater in Atlanta on Sunday night in front of 220 guests. “I'm most excited about sharing this incredible moment with so many family members and friends from all the different parts of my life,” Mandvi tells PEOPLE exclusively.
“I'm so honored they all showed up,” adds the actor and comedian, 51. “After this many years, I think most people had given up on me ever tying the knot.”
The couple's interfaith Hindu/Muslim ceremony was officiated by Dr. Bhagirath Majmudar and Rev. Farida Ali. Indian designer Anita Dongre created the couple's wedding attire, and Mandvi changed into Sebastien Grey for the reception.
“We included elements of our Indian Hindu and Muslim cultures in every single aspect of our wedding,” Mandvi says. “From the ceremony, to the food, to the music, to the clothes.”
Whitney Chamberlin/our labor of love
RELATED GALLERY: Inside Big Bang Theory Star Kunal Nayyar's Bollywood Wedding
Mandvi and Puri met in 2013 through a mutual friend, author and humanitarian Ruma Bose, and got engaged in October 2016 at the Post Ranch Inn in Big Sur, California. “I wanted to propose while looking out at the water, but for three days it was misty and I kept waiting for the clouds to part and the ocean to come into view from the cliffs,” Mandvi says.
“While we waited, we hiked through redwood forests and stumbled upon an old, towering redwood tree, where, inexplicably, someone had carved the letters ‘A' and ‘S' into the trunk of the tree right next to each other,” he recalls. “Like some sort of ancient forest blessing!”
On the morning of their last day at the resort, the two went down to the pool. “There were still clouds, and I thought I would have to give up hope of proposing with a view of the ocean, but the clouds magically parted for 15 minutes,” Mandvi adds. “I got down on one knee, half underwater, and asked her to marry me.”
Michael Kovac/Getty Images
FROM PEN: Property Brother Drew Scott Gives The Details On His Wedding Proposal
RELATED GALLERY: All the Celebrity Couples Who've Tied the Knot in 2017 — So Far
Mandvi currently stars on the TV Land series Younger, while Puri is the CEO of the Uplift organization, which provides aid and support for extreme poverty.
“I could say that what I love about Shaifali is her passion, her intelligence, her beauty, and that would all be true, but what I love about the two of us together is how we continually push each other to become better partners and better people,” says Mandvi.
“She makes me a better version of me,” he praises, “and I hope I do the same for her, and I hope we never stop doing that and being that for each other.”
Nowhere is going to take some explaining. Unfortunately, it's the kind of game that might seem more confusing after someone has described it to you, but that's a risk I'm going to have to take. In the developers' own words, "Nowhere is a procedural single player, open world, sandbox game; You incarnate as a floating sentient orb, a machine-being in a post-singularity society of vaguely self-conscious mechanical entities; for lack of a better word, I call them drones." Still with me? Good. "You live the full life of that one drone in this closed ecosystem, which is represented as a giant otherworldly colony suspended in space. When you die, you reincarnate, and you live the next life, until all lives are played out. [...] Occasionally you meet a former self of yours, younger and older. You go back and forth in time and as every member of that society, you shape what you are as a collective. As the game progresses, you and the system become one." It also has nice music. More after the break.
Here are a couple of videos to keep your eyes from glassing over, and to prove that inspiring collection of words is referring to something real:
As you can hear: awesome music. As you can see: what the hell? This is beautiful, vaguely menacing sandbox is brought to you by married development team Duangle, who consider their game "a native title for the Oculus Rift (although we are still waiting for our SDK)". The full game is some way off yet (probably 2015), but alphafunders are being given access to a "regularly updated" development build - you can pre-order Nowhere for €14.95.
I leave you with another video, and with another amazing block of text from designer and programmer Leonard Ritter, a man with an almost Molyneuxsian turn of phrase.
"Nowhere has no fixed plot line, but provides emergent goals. The player creates his own narrative. The concept is highly AI dependent. It is a 'civic' sandbox game. You can go with the flow of society, obstruct it, destroy it or mold it into something else. You are going to experience the system from both sides: conservative and progressive, rich and poor, creator and inhabitant. You will pass laws and be forced to live under them. You will instigate against yourself, become a victim of your own indifference, or enjoy the rule of your state-building foresight. The game can reach one of six extreme outcomes, of which each one is honored as a unique ending to your karmic ascension."
It also looks a bit like a Kuedo music video , as you can see from the following alpha footage.
(Thanks, RPS .)
Salam Al-Marayati, the longtime president of the Muslim Public Affairs Council, thinks Mitt Romney needs to do more to disassociate himself from U.S. Rep. Michele Bachmann's wing of the Republican Party. When a reporter asked Romney Friday about Bachmann's attempt to root out Muslim Brotherhood infiltration in the U.S. government, he brushed off the question, saying, “I'm not going to tell other people what things to talk about. Those are not things that are part of my campaign.”
Al-Marayati, one of the most well-known Muslim voices in public life, thinks that's not good enough. “Romney has the responsibility to state where he stands because he cannot have it both ways. When he doesn't comment, he is giving legitimacy to Bachmann's point of view, and this is now going to be aligned with Romney's point of view. Whether he personally believes it or not, this will be the perception. And perception becomes reality,” Al-Marayati told Salon.
Advertisement:
Meanwhile, the Council on American-Islamic Relations is calling on Romney today to explain his recent meeting with Lt. Jerry Boykin, a retired general who has made a second career bashing Muslims. "Romney would rightfully never meet with an anti-Semite or white supremacist, so why would he meet with an infamous Islamophobe?" said CAIR national legislative director Corey Saylor in a statement.
Al-Marayati noted that there are “two diametrically opposed” wings of the GOP on this issue -- Bachmann's, which is suspicious of Muslims; and Sen. John McCain's, which denounces the kind of implications Bachmann's wing likes to make and defends persecuted groups. Romney, Al-Marayati says, has to pick one. “The John McCain approach is representative of the Grand Ol' Party -- the party of Lincoln.”
“Romney's silence speaks volumes of where he stands on this issue,” Al-Marayati said. “Running for president is not a dodgeball game." It's odd, Al-Marayati noted, considering that Romney was the candidate who gave Herman Cain the strongest rebuke during the GOP primary (though it was still pretty mild) for saying he wouldn't hire Muslims to his cabinet. Al-Marayati said he “expected” that of a person “who belongs to a faith that understands religious [persecution] too well and knows the history of religious persecution in this country.”
Romney came under fire last year for hiring Walid Phares as an adviser, another person with a history of making disparaging comments about Muslims. CAIR asked Romney to drop Phares, who was also implicated in the 1982 massacre against Muslims while serving as a militia leader in Lebanon's bloody civil war.
Pulis tabled an offer for Adam on Wednesday and believes the Scotland international will add some much-needed creativity. He was waiting to discover if his bid has been accepted by Liverpool , with possible rival interest from Fenerbahce.
Stoke City scored only 36 Premier League goals last season and Pulis believes Adam, 26, can provide the spark required to bring out the best in club record-signing Peter Crouch.
A deal to sign Tom Huddlestone on loan appears to have collapsed after Spurs refused to agree a recall clause if the midfielder suffered a recurrence of an ankle injury.
Pulis is desperate to raise cash for other signings and Stoke are battling to sell £6 million signing Palacios before Friday's deadline.
The Honduras international, 28, has made only nine Premier League starts since joining Stoke from Spurs in a joint deal with Crouch. Palacios will be allowed to leave for a cut-price fee.
Stoke forward Kenwyne Jones, signed for a then club record £8 million from Sunderland two years ago, can also go if the club receive a realistic offer, along with fringe players Danny Higginbotham and Michael Tonge.
Pulis remains interested in signing Michael Owen, the former Manchester United forward, on a free transfer but must first make room on the wage bill.
Copyright by KHON - All rights reserved
More safety concerns are being raised at Ala Moana Center.
Experts tell us that other railings in the mall need immediate attention.
This comes just days after a railing broke free at the parking lot, which left one man dead and sent another man to the hospital in critical condition.
We've learned that other railings in the area are rusting at the base, and that prompted an engineering company to send us pictures of the damage.
The engineering firm did not want to be identified, so we asked construction engineer and building inspector Lance Luke to examine the pictures. He says Ala Moana Center is taking chances by letting the public walk around that section of the mall.
The pictures sent to us show a different type of railing than the one that collapsed on Sunday. These are metal rails embedded on a concrete base. The problem, experts tell us, is that the base where the rail is secured is all rusty.
"There's heavy corrosion on the bases of the pipe railing. Although that's not in the specific area of the accident, that could be an issue too for safety," Luke said.
In other parts, there's paint over the base, but you can still see signs of rust.
"Some of the railing's covered up with paint, but the paint is peeling off and even if there's paint over it, it's paint over rust and corrosion that hides the pipe that's deteriorated. That's not going to help any," Luke said.
The engineer who sent us the pictures believes the mall should actually close off the entire section.
"How safe is it for people to be walking around that area?" KHON2 asked.
"I think they're taking chances by not putting signs up warning people about railings all over the shopping center," Luke said.
We asked officials at Ala Moana Center, in the interest of safety, why not close off the area where the railings are, or at least put up warning signs? We're still waiting for a response.
The area where the railing gave way on Sunday remains closed off.
In other parts, Luke noticed that some type of repairs had been made but he says whoever did it didn't go far enough to actually make it safe.
"I saw other areas where they did additional caulking over the base of the railing that failed, and water's getting in, so it's a lack of maintenance and repair issue I would say," Luke said.
A spokeswoman for the mall referred us to a statement released Tuesday that said:
Democrats are scrambling to find ways to stop the Graham-Cassidy Obamacare repeal bill from passing the Senate next week.
California Democrats are particularly worried, as the bill — which would replace Obamacare's Medicaid expansion with block grants to the states — stands to cut $58 billion in federal funding to the Golden State by 2027.
But the beauty of Graham-Cassidy is that it would allow California to enact the single-payer health care system (i.e. socialized, government-run medicine) that Democrats are increasingly demanding. And given that the single-payer system would cost California $400 billion per year, requiring the overtaxed state to raise an additional $200 billion in taxes, the loss of just $58 billion from D.C. over ten years is minuscule, almost a rounding error in comparison.
Supreme Court Justice Louis D. Brandeis famously described the states as “laboratories of democracy”: “It is one of the happy incidents of the federal system that a single courageous state may, if its citizens choose, serve as a laboratory; and try novel social and economic experiments without risk to the rest of the country.”
So might it be with California. If Californians want government health care, under Graham-Cassidy, they no longer need to wait.
The only thing holding back the Golden State has been the relative sanity of Governor Jerry Brown and Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon (D-Paramount), who have balked at supporting single-payer until the heavily-indebted state can figure out how to pay for it. (For his trouble, Rendon has endured death threats from the left.) Sen. Kamala Harris (D-CA) supports Vermont socialist Sen. Bernie Sanders's “Medicare for All” plan, even though single-payer failed in his home state. That will not pass, but Graham-Cassidy might. Yet California's Democrats are opposed.
One is reminded of the reaction of the California Department of Education earlier this year, when the Trump administration reversed President Barack Obama's directive on transgender bathrooms in public schools. All Trump did was allow states and local school districts to determine their own policies — in effect, leaving California's policy unchanged. But that was not good enough for California Democrats, who greeted the announcement with defiance.
For California Democrats, it is not good enough that they be left alone to enact their own policies. Unless the other states can be coerced into following California's example — whether on health care, transgender bathrooms, climate change, or immigration — then a grave injustice is said to be taking place.
The only way to redress that injustice, apparently, is to spend billions of dollars from taxpayers elsewhere. Only then can California's utopia be achieved.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. He was named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016. He is the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.
How To Be Efficient: Dan Ariely's 6 New Secrets To Managing Your Time
It's hard to be efficient.
Sometimes it feels like the world doesn't make any sense. Sometimes you don't make any sense. And sometimes it feels like it's all a conspiracy.
As we'll see shortly, these are all, in a way, true.
Dan Ariely is the king of irrational behavior. Not that he's more irrational than you or me, but he's studied an impressive amount of it.
Dan is a behavioral economist at Duke University and the New York Times bestselling author of three wonderful books:
Most recently he's turned his attention to the irrationality of how we use our time and has helped create a new smart-calendar app, Timeful.
What's great is the data from Timeful is helping us learn things about what works and what doesn't as it relates to productivity.
I gave Dan a call to hear what he had to say about how we can improve time management, how to be efficient and how to get more done.
1) The World Is Working Against You
This isn't a conspiracy theory and a tinfoil hat isn't required, but we are spending more of our time in environments that have their own agendas.
Billboards and TV ads want you to buy. The links on the internet encourage you to click. Notifications on your smartphone beckon you.
Our default is now a constant, aggressive chain of siren songs from our environment.
Here's Dan:
The world is not acting in our long-term benefit. Imagine you walk down the street and every store is trying to get your money right now; in your pocket you have a phone and every app wants to control your attention right now. Most of the entities in our lives really want us to make mistakes in their favor. So the world is making things very, very difficult.
If you followed every directive from your surroundings these days you'd quickly be broke, obese, and constantly distracted.
It's like we're surrounded by scheming thieves: thieves of our time, thieves of our attention, thieves of our productivity.
And how do pickpockets steal your stuff? Distraction.
Here's Dan:
I have a friend who's a magician and he pickpockets people in his show. He said when he started he used to tap people to distract them. He'd tap them, they would lose their concentration and he could take their watch. He said now he realizes that merely asking people questions is enough to make them lose the ability to focus.
(Short on time? Skip to 5:35 to see how easily distracted you can be.)
Not having a plan, goals or a system in today's world is dangerous because the default isn't neutral.
(For more on what the most productive people do to reduce distractions, click here.)
So what does this mean is the first big step to productivity?
2) Control Your Environment Or It Will Control You
We can't control our environment everywhere we go, of course, but we have more control than we usually choose to exercise.
If you banish distractions and control your calendar you can make sure your environment is ripe for productivity.
Here's Dan:
One of the big lessons from social science in the last 40 years is that environment matters. If you go to a buffet and the buffet is organized in one way, you will eat one thing. If it's organized in a different way, you'll eat different things. We think that we make decisions on our own but the environment influences us to a great degree. Because of that we need to think about how to change our environment.
What does research show the most productive computer programmers have in common?
It's not experience, salary, or hours spent on a project.
They had employers who created an environment free from distraction.
Via Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking:
…top performers overwhelmingly worked for companies that gave their workers the most privacy, personal space, control over their physical environments, and freedom from interruption.
Research shows distractions make us stupid.
Your surroundings should make the things you need to do easy and the things you shouldn't do hard.
What happened when Google put M&M's in containers instead of out in the open? People ate 3 million less of them in one month.
Here's Dan:
Here's an experiment that Google did recently. The M&Ms in their New York office used to be in baskets. So instead they put them in bowls with lids. The lid doesn't require a lot of effort to lift but it reduced the number of M&Ms consumed in their New York office by 3 million a month.
(For more on how the most organized people stay on track, click here.)
Okay, so you need to manage your environment. How do you manage your calendar?
3) Write Everything Down
We all know how fallible our brains can be yet we routinely trust ourselves to remember and follow through on things. Bad.
What did research from the Timeful app tell Dan?
Most people don't write down the things they need to do. When you do write things down, you're more likely to follow through on them.
If it's important, write it down. Reminders, post-its, and calendars are all good tools.
Stanford professor Jennifer Aaker points to research showing that your calendar can make you happier:
Take the things that make you happy and energized and schedule them more often.
Sound stupidly simple? Research says we don't do it enough. Here's Jennifer:
…there is often a gap between where people say they want to spend their time and how they actually spend their time… once you identify the activities and people with whom you want to spend more time, calendaring your time thoughtfully becomes critical. When you put something on a calendar, you're more likely to actually do that activity – partly because you're less likely to have to make an active decision whether you should do it – because it's already on your calendar.
(For more on how to schedule to-do's like a pro, click here.)
So you've written down everything that needs to get done. Should you just run down the list in order? Absolutely not.
4) When You Do What You Do Is Key
All hours are not created equal. What did Dan's Timeful research show about our most productive hours?
You have a window of 2-2.5 hours of peak productivity per day, starting a couple hours after waking.
Here's Dan:
…it turns out that most people are productive in the first two hours of the morning. Not immediately after waking, but if you get up at 7 you'll be most productive from around from 8-10:30.
Those are the hours when you should be working on your most cognitively demanding tasks. The big projects. The stuff that really moves the needle.
But what did Dan find that most people did with those hours?
Email and Facebook.
You need to guard those hours for important tasks. Designate that part of your day as “protected time.”
I've posted before that 2.5 to 4 hours after waking is when your brain is sharpest:
Studies show that alertness and memory, the ability to think clearly and to learn, can vary by between 15 and 30 percent over the course of a day. Most of us are sharpest some two and a half to four hours after waking.
When I interviewed willpower expert Roy Baumeister he said that early morning is also when you're most disciplined:
The longer people have been awake, the more self-control problems happen. Most things go bad in the evening. Diets are broken at the evening snack, not at breakfast or in the middle of the morning. Impulsive crimes are mostly committed after midnight.
In studies of geniuses, most did their best work early in the day.
(For more on the schedule very successful people follow, click here.)
So you need to shape your environment and protect your peak hours. What should you avoid doing?
5) The Four Horsemen of the Productivity Apocalypse
Dan's research found 4 things that were the biggest time wasters:
1) Meetings
We all know how meetings waste time and multiply like rabbits. The solution?
Schedule your work time on your calendar. Have a presentation to work on? Block out hours for it.
If people try to put a meeting there, you can say you have a conflict. You do. Your work matters.
A calendar should be a record of anything that needs to get done — not merely of interruptions like meetings and calls.
2) Email
Most people simply spend too much time in their inboxes to accomplish anything of substance.
Here's how to stop email from taking over your life.
3) Multitasking
Put aside the distractions and do one thing at a time. Across the board, multitasking lowers productivity.
4) “Structured Procrastination”
What's structured procrastination? It's doing little things that give us the feeling of progress instead of deep work that really makes progress.
Here's Dan:
So making to-do lists and crossing them off is an example of this. Because those things are easily measurable, they make us feel as if we're achieving things. But real achievements take time. Progress is not always linear. Big projects aren't always immediately rewarding. Things that are really complex don't give us the same sense of momentary enjoyment but those are the things that give us the real sense of achievement and progress once we get to them. But I don't think we get to them enough.
Avoid these four and you'll see an 80/20 style jump in your productivity.
(For more on work-life balance, click here.)
So you are making progress. You're more productive during the day. But we all get tired or bored. What's the best thing to do then?
6) No, You Don't Need An Email Break
You tell yourself you need an email break, and that you'll be rejuvenated and work better afterward. Problem is, that's just not true.
Getting your head into and out of your work takes time. Switching tasks has cognitive costs that reduce efficiency.
Here's Dan:
People think that checking email refreshes them. It doesn't. If you want to get refreshed, close your eyes, meditate, breathe deeply, or think about some things that are important. The reality is the right way to do things is shut your email down and focus on what you're doing.
In fact, research shows that frequent email checks can temporarily lower your intelligence more than being stoned.
Constant emailing reduces mental ability by an average of about 10 IQ points. For men, it's about three times the effect of smoking marijuana.
Via Your Brain at Work: Strategies for Overcoming Distraction, Regaining Focus, and Working Smarter All Day Long:
A study done at the University of London found that constant emailing and text-messaging reduces mental capability by an average of ten points on an IQ test. It was five points for women, and fifteen points for men. This effect is similar to missing a night's sleep. For men, it's around three times more than the effect of smoking cannabis.
Some of you are already saying: “But I have to check email!” Yes, you do. But probably not that often.
As Cal Newport says, “Shallow work is what stops you from getting fired. Deep work is what gets you promoted.”
And email is shallowest of work. We got men on the moon without email. And email can wait while you get the important things done.
(For more on how the most successful people manage their time, click here.)
So Dan has a lot of tips for us. How do we pull all of this together and be more efficient?
Sum Up
Here are Dan's tips:
The world is not designed to help you achieve your long term goals. Passivity is not going to get you where you want to go. Control your environment or it will control you. Optimize your workspace for what you need to achieve. Write the things you need to do down on your calendar. You're more likely to do what you write down. You have about 2 hours of peak productivity, usually early in the morning. Protect those hours and use them wisely. Meetings, email, multitasking and structured procrastination are the biggest time wasters. No, you don't need an email break. Switching tasks reduces effectiveness as your brain transitions. The more you do it, the less effective you are.
You don't need to account for every minute. You don't need to agonize over wasted seconds. It's just about improving.
And none of us are infallible. When I asked Dan about work-life balance, what did he say?
I struggle with it every day. You and I are doing this interview and it's Saturday, Eric.
So nobody's perfect. But with Dan's tips we can all get better at managing our time.
Join over 127,000 readers. Get a free weekly update via email here.
Related posts:
How To Stop Being Lazy And Get More Done – 5 Expert Tips
6 Things The Most Productive People Do Every Day
New Harvard Research Reveals A Fun Way To Be More Successful
Post Details
Woman charged with DUI for McCook crash that left passenger dead
A woman has been charged with DUI for a crash that left her passenger dead in west suburban McCook about six weeks ago.
Tracey Fellows, 35, was charged Wednesday with one count of aggravated DUI in a crash causing death, according to McCook Police Chief Mario DePasquale.
At 10:21 p.m. June 16, Fellows was driving west in the 8100 block of 47th Street when she lost control of her vehicle and it crossed into oncoming traffic, striking an eastbound vehicle, DePasquale said.
Fellows's passenger, 37-year-old Joseph Roe of Brookfield, was taken to Loyola University Medical Center in Maywood, where he died six days later, at 7:45 p.m. June 22, according to police and the Cook County medical examiner's office. An autopsy found he died of multiple injuries from the crash, and his death was ruled an accident.
Fellows was hospitalized with non-life-threatening injuries, DePasquale said.
The driver of the other vehicle, a 40-year-old Riverside woman, and her three juvenile passengers suffered only minor injuries.
Fellows, a Brookfield resident, was released from jail Thursday on a $50,000 bond, on the condition that she use a breathalyzer engine lock device when driving.
The life of a Wyoming mule deer is a tough one. In order to survive, thousands of the deer undertake an arduous 150-mile migration twice a year to find food. Manmade and natural hazards abound on this two-month trek.
“It's not just about getting from point A to B, they have to forage all along the way,” said Matt Kauffman, a University of Wyoming zoologist. “These animals are slowly starving to death all winter. If winter is long enough or they are held up, the animals will die.”
Migrating animals can wander on to highways and be flattened by trucks, or tumble through frozen lakes. Fences, mining operations and other obstacles also provide a challenge. But for the mule deer, there is no choice – they must follow what Kauffman calls the “green wave” of young, lush vegetation from the mountainous greater Yellowstone area to the brush of Wyoming's interior as the seasons change. They either move or starve.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mule deer make a two-month trek twice a year to find food. Photograph: USFWS
This Red Desert to Hoback migration is the longest in the contiguous US and, despite having occurred for thousands of years, was only fully discovered by researchers in 2011. Its epic length is rivaled only by the “path of the pronghorn”, a journey that takes America's fastest land mammal on a biannual trudge to and from Grand Teton national park in search of water.
These migration routes take the animals through a patchwork of public and private land. The importance of publicly owned national parks was recognized long ago, but these crucial wildlife corridors linking protected areas are only starting to be understood and valued.
But the nascent movement to safeguard wildlife corridors – vital for animals as diverse as wolves, bears, elk, tortoises and ground-dwelling birds – is now at risk. In recent years, congressional Republicans have pushed for federal land in the western states to be handed over for development. With Donald Trump now in the White House, these ambitions could come to fruition.
Despite occurring for thousands of years, the longest migration in the contiguous US was only discovered in 2011.
A bill put forward by Jason Chaffetz, a Utah congressman, to sell off 3.3m acres of federal land was hastily withdrawn following uproar from conservationists and the outdoor recreation industry. But with Trump voicing support for greater oil and gas drilling on public land, wildlife corridors risk being disrupted or even severed.
“When a migrating mule deer hits an energy development area, they tend to speed up or try to detour around them,” said Kauffman. “This affects their access to food and makes migrations more difficult. As these corridors become less viable, they can be lost.
“Selling off public land would risk that. We are are at the infancy of understanding wildlife corridors, but we are starting to make progress. It looks like that could all be wound back.”
The deer and pronghorn that roamed the western states before white settlers arrived may no longer be in the tens of millions, but these species are currently at little risk of extinction. Still, their abundance could be severely hit if their corridors are lost, which raises concerns for recreational hunters, as well as ecologists who study the network of life in the west.
We are are at the infancy of understanding wildlife corridors, but we are starting to make progress.
Wolves and bears require reliable access to prey species. Unlike hoofed animals that have well-worn, repeated pathways, wolves and bears disperse to adjoining lands depending on the dynamics of their groups. Young male wolves, for example, tend to leave groups in order to establish new ones elsewhere. The reintroduction of gray wolves to Yellowstone in 1995 has created a ripple effect – wolves have moved through a network of protected areas as far as Washington state.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Large predators are less popular in states with livestock populations, where ranchers often advocate hunting to keep populations down. Photograph: Kevin Rushby/Getty Images/Minden Pictures RM
While most landowners are happy to allow deer or elk pass through their land, wolves or bears aren't quite as welcome given their tendency to devour livestock. The population of grizzly bears in the Yellowstone region has rebounded sixfold since it was placed under federal protection in 1975. Surrounding states, pressured by landowners concerned about bears exiting the national park, have successfully persuaded the federal Fish and Wildlife Service that the species should be delisted to allow them to be hunted.
Conservationists are increasingly turning their attention to private landowners to help promote and secure wildlife corridors. In a single 20-mile search for food, a species may cross land overseen by the US Forest Service, the Bureau of Land Management and privately owned ranches.
“It's a real mix,” said Mark Elsbree, vice-president of the Conservation Fund, which works to buy private land to avoid bottlenecks in migration routes. “Private landowners are generally interested in wildlife habitat but as the properties are sold, the generations turn over, we risk losing that connectivity. New migration routes keep coming up on our radar and we need to act upon that.”
In 2015, the Conservation Fund purchased a 364-acre property at a notorious bottleneck for the mule deer's Red Desert-to-Hoback route, near the city of Pinedale, Wyoming. The fund then switched its attention to the greater sage grouse, known for its elaborate mating rituals and for being in the middle of a struggle between its protection and land development.
The sage grouse has been known to move up to 100 miles at a time, between its sage brush winter habitat to open meadows used to rear young. The species has lost almost half of its habitat since European settlers arrived, with 45% of its remaining domain on state and private lands.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Male sage grouse fight for the attention of a female south-west of Rawlins, Wyoming. The ground-dwelling bird's vast range spans 11 western states. Photograph: Jerret Raffety/AP
In February, the Conservation Fund scooped up 100,000 acres of sage grouse habitat in Idaho, Wyoming and Colorado, but risks remain. Senate Republicans are attempting to end federal involvement in sage grouse protection, which could allow the states to open up more habitat for drilling.
“The pinch points for migration typically exist on private land,” said Elsbree. “But if federal lands were to change hands, then the very platform upon which species survive will be compromised.”
Climate change provides another threat to wildlife corridors. Maps produced by the Nature Conservancy last year showed the stark implications for nearly 3,000 species in North and South America. Many are already retreating northward to cope with warming temperatures, although a pathway isn't always evident. According to a study published last year, only 41% of US land area is currently connected enough to allow species to move to more bearable climes.
In Montana, land transfer threatens the American rancher's way of life Read more
Some will have nowhere to go, either hemmed in by human constructions or simply a lack of livable space. “The bottom line is that species will need to move or adapt, or die,” said Brad McRae, a senior landscape ecologist at the Nature Conservancy.
“More and more people are understanding that wildlife needs protection outside distinct national parks, especially with climate change,” said Elsbree. “It's important that we look at the whole system. If lands are sold and developed, we could lose some migration routes. We need to avoid that happening.”
What if I told you that the Heat are the third-best team in the NBA? Would you believe me?
Well, it's true. According to one of the most reliable team performance measures, the Heat have been the NBA's third-best team since Jan. 17.
Based on net rating, the Warriors and Wizards are the only teams that have played better basketball than the Heat since then. Miami ranks third in net rating at 8.5 with the Warriors posting an NBA-best 14.4 net rating during this stretch.
What is net rating? It's the difference between a team's offensive and defensive ratings (OR-DR). Offensive rating is the amount of points a team scores per 100 possessions and defensive rating is the amount of points a team allows per 100 possessions, which helps to eliminate the pace factor.
[Rodney McGruder: ‘If you need me to be a pest, I will be']
[Five takeaways: Heat take advantage of Paul George's ejection in 113-95 win over Pacers]
For example, the Warriors rank 12th in points allowed per game (105.4) this season. But that number is so high because Golden State plays at the second-fasted pace in the league, which allows for opponents to have more offensive possessions and chances to score.
When you level the playing field to remove pace from the equation and adjust that number to “per 100 possessions” for every team, that's a more accurate indication of how strong a team is. While Golden State ranks 12th in points allowed per game, it ranks second in defensive rating at 101.3.
So the fact that the Heat have the third-best net rating over the past 40 days is impressive. This is a solid sample size considering that Miami has played 18 games during this stretch, recording a 16-2 record.
To put all of this into perspective, the Heat ranked 24th with a net rating of -4.3 over the 41 games before this 18-game period.
It's been a pretty incredible turnaround.
[Want more Heat news sent directly to your Facebook feed? Make sure to like our Heat Facebook]
Welcome To The Music and tattoo news site. We are getting everything set up and will be up and running soon. If you have tattooed news contributions you would like to share, please contact us.
The History Of Tattoos
History of Tattoos and Modern Tattoo Trends
The first marking of a human body with a tattoo was thousands of years ago. These permanent markings varied a great deal over the years. Some were simple and plain while others were quite elaborate. However, all were personal.
The meanings behind the tattoos have varied a well. Some served as status symbols, some represented a religious belief of a person, some were declarations of love, some served as amulets to ward off evil, and some were ornamentations while others were a form of punishment.
The Earliest Evidence of Tattoos
It is possible that tattoos were in existence as far back as 12,000 BC, however not physical evidence has been found to prove their existence. The earliest evidence of the existence of tattoos in Egypt thousands of years ago included:
Tattoos were found to be present on Egyptian female mummies thought to have been as far back in history as c. 2000 B.C.
Further evidence was discovered proving the existence of tattoos on women's bodies and limbs on figurines c. 4000-3500 B.C.
Evidence of tattoos on the thighs of female figures were also found to be represented in c.1200 B.C. tomb scenes.
Further evidence was found in the form of small bronze tools recognized to have been used in tattooing in the town of Gurob located in northern Egypt in c. 1450 B.C. Perhaps, the strongest evidence of all was the discovery of three female mummies adorned with tattoos previously mentioned to be dated to c. 2000 B.C. Discovered at Greco-Roman burials at Akhmim were female mummies with these same forms of permanent markings or tattoos.
Egyptian Cultural Beliefs of Tattoos
It's no wonder that the earliest evidence of tattoos were in Egypt. Egypt was a land where people believed that tattoos provided a bridge for a person's soul to get to the other world at death. Since so many mummies were found to have tattoos on their bodies, it has been assumed that the art of tattooing was used extensively even though the true meanings of the tattoos is not yet known at this time.
According to reports of theSmithsonian Magazine, the status of the women mummies found with tattoos remains a mystery to this day. When one group of mummies was excavated, the men assumed they had “suspicious status” or perhaps were “dancing girls” because of their tattoos. Yet, they were buried directly opposite an area of exclusive and royal burials. Further evidence that they may have had an elite status was the mummy believed to be a priestess named Amunet. Her funerary inscriptions and her being described as “probably a royal concubine” led to the belief that she, indeed, was of elite status.
Amunet's tattoos were in the form of dots and lines covering her body. Experts believe that these tattoos were believed to act as protection against magical powers during ancient times.
The Tattoo Beginnings
The purpose of tattooing was quite different in China. Around the time of 1000 BC, tattooing was done to bandits and criminals in order to let people know who should be avoided. Tattoos that were symbols of criminals would be drawn on the face so that everyone could easily see a person was a criminal. This marking of criminals continued during the Qing dynasty between 1644 and 1912. However, all tattoos were not those marking criminals. What the meaning of the tattoo as a symbol was depended on the artistic piece and where it was placed.
Between 1720 and 1870, the Japanese also tattooed criminals. Before the tattoos were used to designate criminals, they removed the ears and nose of criminals, but this was discontinued and replaced with the practice of tattooing. However, the Japanese did not place the tattoo on the face of the criminal. Instead, tattoos of rings were placed on the arms of the offenders. A new ring was added for each new offense. The tattoo rings were banned when the Meji government came into power.
The Purposes of Early Tattoos
Show Skills: One of the early purposes of tattoos in Borneo was to show the skills a woman possessed. The symbol for the skill a woman possessed would be tattooed on her arm. The meaning of each symbol was known by everyone. Therefore, when a man was looking to marry, he would seek certain symbols. For instance, the symbol indicating weaving skills on a woman's arm would indicate she was a good choice for marriage.
Protection: Tattoo symbols were considered to be a type of talisman since they were believed to have magical powers to ward off evil. For instance, the pentagram or five-pointed star symbolized protection. Tattoos placed on wrists and fingers were believed to have power to ward off illnesses. Tattooing for protection is still popular today.
Tribes: Still popular today, tribes have a symbol unique to them. This tattoo is placed on the body of each member of that tripe. For instance, the gang or tribe known as Hells Angels has its own symbol that is tattooed on the body of each member. The tattoo serves as a sign of both respect and pride for the group's members.
2016 Tattoo Trends
Minimalistic:
Over the past few years, minimalistic tattoos such as this heart shaped peace sign around the size of a pea have grown in popularity throughout the world and are expected to continue to grow in popularity. Major tattoo artists like Dr. Woo and Bang Bang have been inking tiny designs onto prominent young Hollywood stars. It is expected that many more people will be getting this style of tattoos that has been endorsed by celebrities.
Single Line:
A tattoo that is drawn with one single line such as this crane is a trend of 2016. Tattooer Mo Ganji has perfected this technique and also reports an increased demand for this simplistic type tattoo.
Double Exposure:
Tattoo artists around the world have replicated the double exposure photography into a technique to create tattoos such as this butterfly. This technique is extremely difficult to do, but it can create an unbelievable tattoo when done correctly. It is expected that double exposure tattoos will continue to be a trend in 2016.
Cubism:
A growing style and trend of tattoos is based on the painting style of the famous 20th century artist Pablo Picasso. This vase of flowers is an example of this style created by Peter Aurisch. Cubism is so popular now-a-days, it is currently an in-demand tattoo style. This style of tattoos is created with the use of color blocks to shape fantastic animal and flower portraits. It is expected that cubism tattoos will continue to be a trend in 2016.
The Secrets To The Law Of Prosperity
How Do We Use The Law Of Attraction To Get More Out Of Life?
The law of attraction is all around us, but few understand how it effects their lives. In recent years LOA has become all the rage, and just about everyone thinks they understand it. In reality, few people know that the law of attraction is actually based on the law of vibration. In essence, the universe is an ocean of motion, therefore to be successful you must get in harmony with this vibration. Studies show that the type of energy you put out into the universe directly effects the results you get in the real world. For example, if you are a very positive person you will find yourself surrounding by other positive people. People with positive energy will be naturally attracted to you, while negativity we be repelled away from you. On the flip side, those with negative energy will be naturally attracted to similar people. Now, you may be asking, what does this have to do with the law of vacuum prosperity?
Briefly stated, the law of vacuum prosperity refers to the processing of giving away items and possessions. Anytime you give away something in your life you are making space for something new. Think of it this way, there's only so much room in your garage for storage and junk. Whenever you give something away, you will notice a space opens up. The universe does not like open spaces so usually something will move in to fill the void. Basically, when you give something away you are clearing room for something better to come into your life. I have used this law many times in my life with extraordinary results. If you have been studying success and development, but are not seeing the results you would like, then maybe this is your problem? I recommend everyone who is struggling to manifest success and prosperity in their life needs to make a big change. This change can be anything including moving or even selling the majority of your belongings. In Feng Shui they talk about all items having a certain energy to them. If an item is in your house taking up space, but doesn't contribute to your overall well being then maybe it should be removed. In the process of removing this item you are removing the energy, and opening up a “portal” for new energy to flow through.
How Do I Start?
The first step to using the secret law of attraction is to take inventory of the items you currently have. Decide which items you can't live without and separate them from the pack. These items will include things like family keepsakes and other indispensable items that have sentimental value. Now, take an evening to study all the items you have that you no longer have an attachment too. Think about this, How would your life be different if all these items were suddenly gone? Does that make you scared or do you get a tingle of excitement down your leg? If your excited about a possible change then go ahead and start boxing these items up for removal. Bob Proctor says that these types of items should not be sold, but instead simply given away. The reason for this is because if you sell the items, you will have already received payment for them. If you simply give away the items then your payment will come in another form. What form might this be? It's impossible to say for sure, but if your doing affirmations daily it will probably be something really good. At the end of the day you need to decide if the vacuum law of prosperity is your missing link to wealth and success. If so, study this concept in great detail and apply it to your life.
Further Education
If you would like to further your education on the law or attracting abundance in your life, I would definitely suggest trying Bob Proctor's streaming club. This weekly live program can help you further your education and create a better life through knowledge and understanding on how the law works in your life.
David Thrussell, New Dawn
Waking Times
Philosophers and pundits have long discussed the nature of ‘reality' itself. For convenience and simplicity we might consider two parallel ‘realities': one a ‘physical reality' (the limitations of the body, the physical environment, the mechanical activities and necessities of day-to-day survival) and another ‘mental' or ‘psychic reality': the lens through which your mind organises, filters and constructs both an internal and external landscape – a worldview (or supposition of ‘how things are') both tactile and emotional.
It seems reasonable to suggest that while ‘physical reality' (the acquisition of food, shelter, relationships, physical movement etc.) is doubtlessly of primal immediacy, the role of ‘psychic reality' cannot be overstated in the human experience. We act (alone or in concert with others) according to our interpretation of events, information and stimuli: we move or react in concordance with a framework subtly (or overtly) instilled (or reinforced) by peers, family, media, social mores and the fabric of ‘history' (as transmitted to us) – a collection of instincts, prejudices, short-cuts and assumptions navigating the approximation of a world our senses deliver to us each waking moment.
Though somewhat falsely lionised as ‘individuals' (through a century of aggressive marketing and social engineering), we are actually in essence herd animals – guided by the pack, we take verbal, non-verbal and visual cues from those around us – tribalised into class, socio-economic and other strata through myriad signals, feedback loops and pervasive (yet somehow ostensibly invisible) patterns.
The herd instinct (in humans as in other creatures) is an invaluable tool for the study and organisation of large populations.
Positioned in distant southern climes, far from the perceived centres of human civilisation – the thin coastal belt, broad plains and scorched deserts of Australia offer an enticing laboratory for the sciences of experimentation and herd manipulation.
Wrenched from the hands of its native population through a bloody series of wars and oppression, the modern nation of Australia was established as a British penal colony in 1788. Doubtlessly much has changed and developed since then, but still it's difficult to shake the image of Australia as contiguous and eternal penal colony.
Since federation in 1901, examples of Australia as anything but felicitous imperial servant are few and far between. The nation cheerfully delivered its young to be blood sacrifices in the imperial territorial jousts of the twentieth century and various Anglo-American imperial intrigues throughout the latter twentieth century and early twenty-first.
Beginning in the 1950s, Australia had the dubious pleasure of being Great Britain's nuclear sandpit. All manner of outrageous and unforgivable atomic ‘experiments' were conducted across West and South Australia, as unrelenting clouds of nuclear fallout drifted over the largest populations centres on the eastern Australian seaboard (the effects of which were covertly studied by the ‘mother country' for decades thereafter). Like a serially abused child, this nation of ‘Larrikins' and ‘Eureka Rebels' barely raised a mute whimper.
Among a mere handful of momentary blips (on an otherwise placid radar), one may have been the 1972 Whitlam government's tepid resistance to the enormous, malevolent and largely secret US military base network that speckles the Australian landscape (like the first signs of approaching disease). Whitlam and his unruly gang were swiftly dispatched in a bloodless coup, and no Australian politician of note has dared rock the boat since.
Another lonely blip may have been the 1985 ‘Australia Card' – a national identity card that would have linked and collated personal information and mandatory identifying biometrics. A brazen totalitarian gesture (with a patriotic ‘green and gold' branding and dazzling press launch), the confused populace felt a bovine unease around the proposal and, lest it spook the cattle, the card stumbled onto a slow oblivion two years later. Interestingly, every salient objective of the ‘Australia Card' has since come to pass through one gladly received ‘initiative/convenience' or another (many subsumed by the Medicare Card and Centrelink).
While certainly queasily deferential to authority, perhaps the most instructional recent historical trait in the Australian experience has been that half-hearted rejection of the ‘Australia Card' – a proposal so clumsily introduced as to resemble a deliberate provocation, designed to test the waters (and ultimately perhaps to fail – so as to set a line in the sand, demarcating exactly how far the gullible can ultimately be stretched).
Australia is also a popular testing ground for corporate and consumer technologies. Politely referred to in marketing literature as “early adopters,” most Australians are guileless and enthusiastic proponents of convenient (but potentially sinister) technological innovations. From ATMs, EFTPOS payment systems and microchipped credit cards to mobile phones and wireless networks, Australia has reliably led the world in trialling and adopting these peerless developments in consumer profiling and data capture. Mastercard, Visa, Vodaphone and numerous other corporate behemoths consistently utilise Australia to trial new technologies and techniques.
Unsurprisingly, Australia was an early and enthusiastic member of the Five-Eyes-Network, a globe-straddling post-WWII domestic and international surveillance co-operative that deployed nascent technologies (like ‘Echelon') to monitor all electronic communications while ostensibly outsourcing the bulk of domestic spying to international partners (thus lending a [largely unnecessary] air of plausible deniability lest accidental public or journalistic exposure occur).
Unmistakably fashioned around the twin primary aims of curbing domestic dissent and international commercial espionage, the Five-Eyes-Network would haughtily justify its existence – on the exceedingly rare occasion it had to – with a casual application of Bogey-Man-Of-The-Week™ lotion (Communism®, Terrorism® or whatnot).
As befits a ‘former' penal colony, Australia is over-governed and over-regulated (ironically, even a recent government audit decried the overwhelming saturation of legislation and registration). Australian adults are infantilised to the point where they are apparently untrustworthy enough to drink in public places, are sanctioned for riding pushbikes through public parks and must be locked into nightclubs during prescribed ‘volatile' hours. Supposed private property is regulated behind a wall of incomprehensible bureaucracy, and membership of perfectly legal (but government proscribed) organisations becomes instantly and unquestionably illegal. Physical space in Australia is entirely over-regulated and captured, a timid populace cowered by an unrestrained police force (now empowered to force random fingerprinting), an unchallenged legislature (the Northern Territory has begun ‘paperless' and therefore incontestable arrests), invincible intelligence agencies (endowed with gargantuan budgets and unaccountable powers) and unassailable rampant corporations.
When it comes to the mental, political, philosophical and psychic landscape – things are even worse.
Public discourse in Australia is incredibly narrow, bewilderingly staid, tediously predictable and heavily media-sedated. It's essentially impossible to hear a publicly expressed homegrown opinion outside of the stultifying confines of mainstream ‘debate'. Some cleave to the ersatz alternatives of the ABC and SBS (both government funded) where a rigidly controlled and astoundingly toothless ‘opposition' simply refines the mainstream dialogue through the lens of bourgeois political correctness.
Examples are innumerable, but developments in recent memory will suffice.
Tabloid flagship of the Police State, Melbourne's Herald Sun, has for many years been a hysterical advocate for the Western imperial adventure branded as the ‘War On Terror'. Megaphoning a procession of serially unsubstantiated jingoisms (probably directly minted from Australia's historically sinister intelligence agencies), headlines like “Beheading Plot Smashed,” “Evil Within,” “Thirty Jihadis Return Home” and “Lessons In How To Spot A Jihadi” are loud on volume, long on anonymous ‘official sources' and forever short on facts.
A massive police and security agency ‘anti-terror' operation on 17 September 2014 (involving over 800 police officers, helicopters, bomb sniffing dogs etc. etc.) produced exactly two charges (both of tenuous value) and a firestorm of unquestioning, fevered media coverage (all photos, video and information helpfully supplied by the Australian Federal Police Media Liaison Unit). In Australia, ‘reporters' no longer ‘report', they simply cut-and-paste official media releases.
With a handful of further ‘terrorist threats', ‘incidents' and ‘sieges' successfully completed, and the herd now appropriately fearful, the then Abbott government introduced a raft of outrageous ‘national security' laws – each a mortal assault on the limited range of ‘freedoms' Australians already ‘enjoyed'. Perhaps the most onerous of the morbid bunch was a series of laws known as the ‘mandatory data retention laws'. These provisions stealthily legalised and normalised mass surveillance of the entire (and entirely) clueless Australian population. Not one officially sanctioned pundit bothered to mention that the laws are possibly in breach of at least three articles of the Universal Declaration Of Human Rights and commit Australia to being an official Police State.
So Machiavellian is the sunburnt landscape, that droves of Australians casually promulgate and disseminate unhinged anti-Islamic diatribes and disinformation – fearful of a chimeric yet apparently approaching ‘Sharia Law' and ‘Halal' dictatorship. Egged on by shock-jocks and other media Svengali, the herd quiver at the sight of Mosques, hoax pederastic ‘mass-weddings' and ‘alien' attire.
It would be laughable were it not so ugly.
Manipulated, like so many head of cattle, by their media, corporate and government masters, Australians have allowed Islam to become the lightning rod for all their fears, prejudices and hatreds – a hoary old trick of tyrants – but forever a successful one to legitimise wars and domestic control.
Philosophically and psychically manipulated against all their own best interests, Australians are simply unable to think, express themselves or even comprehend outside of the narrow officially designated allowable thought corridor.
Recently returned from the US, tech entrepreneur Nick Holmes à Court derided Australians as gullible and apathetic, noting that “we as the people, have sat back and snoozed whilst the government passed Orwellian internet censorship laws.” Holmes à Court continued that “no one in Australia gives a f*ck. The lucky country? More like the lazy country.”
If ever Australians needed a reminder that they labour under government by goon squad, they surely received it on 28 August 2015 when the ‘Australian Border Force' warned they would be randomly checking people's papers on the streets of Melbourne. The action was eventually cancelled in a snowstorm of farce, but the fact that it was even considered (and announced) speaks troubling volumes to the decayed corpse of Australian ‘freedom'.
Docile, compliant and forever fawningly agreeable to its imperial and domestic ‘betters', the Australian population is often incapable of even the most feeble acts of mental self-defence. Unconscious to the point of comatose, the ‘body politic' knows nothing, couldn't care less and drives blind – headlong into an unforgiving future. A slave-nation of idiot infants bewitched by shock-jock tirades and pop-culture baubles, unable to discern the psychic plantation walls that dwarf and surround it.
Twenty-four million lost souls trapped in the penal mind, prisoners of push-polling, perfidious punditry and permanent war-footing propaganda.
About the Author
DAVID THRUSSELL is a poet trapped in the body of a hillbilly. Or a hopeless romantic hidden in the twisted frame of a dark electronic musician. Late at night Thrussell fantasises that actually he lives next door to Hieronymous Bosch in Medieval Europe and has hallucinated the whole dreadful modern era while suffering from acute ergot poisoning. We are not entirely convinced that this is not the case. The world knows him (if it knows him at all), as the creator of a seeming multitude of obscure recordings (Snog, Black Lung and Soma among others) and film scores. He has written previously for Wax Poetics, Fortean Times and numerous other publications.
The above article appeared in New Dawn 153 (Nov-Dec 2015)
Before we get to that, though, it's important to establish that Yoshida is an incredibly prolific gamer. He owns two of every game console. Why? So he can play Japanese and US games alike. He also says that he's been banned from Nintendo's MiiVerse social network. Twice. "The first time was because I had my Twitter account in my profile and that's against the rules," he says. "The second time is because I wrote, 'I love PS.' You're not supposed to promote a commercial product in MiiVerse, so they correctly interpreted 'PS' as 'PlayStation,'" he says with a laugh.
Life Before Sony
Prior to joining Sony, Yoshida flirted with studying physics and the work of Einstein, but his dad quickly shot that down, pushing him to a more practical major. So in college he studied economics and business –- when he actually went, that is. He says that in Japan, business students don't really attend class, and that the four or five students who would, took notes and shared them with everyone who wasn't there. He spent six months working in Australia at the time, and when he got back to Japan he had all the answers to the tests waiting for him. "In my senior year in Japan, I didn't go to any classes at all."
Immediately after graduating, Yoshida joined Sony. In hindsight, his reasoning is a little selfish, though. Because his dad more or less forced him to switch majors, he wanted to get out of the country. "I wanted to run away from home as soon as possible because of that," he says, half-joking. "When I say this, it might sound incredible... but I was thinking, 'maybe Sony will make games in the future and when they do, I'm going to join that group.'"
Sony being an international company helped Yoshida make his decision, too. The firm sent him to study at UCLA for two years, and only then did he finally start learning about business principals like statistics and microeconomics. Since he was getting a paycheck, Yoshida had the resources to spend time traveling around the Western states and even Europe during summer break, when other students were typically working.
After graduating, he traveled back to Sony HQ in Japan where he spent nine months working with the PC group on a project that was ultimately cancelled. He bounced over to the corporate strategy group after that. It was here that he met then-Sony chairman Ken Kutaragi and work on the PlayStation began.
The formation of Sony Computer Entertainment
Sony Computer Entertainment, Yoshida says, started in Japan as a joint venture between Sony's hardware division and its music wing. In the team's early days, it approached signing and curating development teams much like it would a band -- something that Parappa the Rapper mastermind (and J-pop singer) Masaya Matsuura loved. The scrappy PlayStation team had a lot to learn from the game industry, Yoshida admits, but it wanted to create something new at the same time.
"We believed that a game could become entertainment for everyone," he says –- not just kids. "The reason the company was named Sony Computer Entertainment instead of Sony Game Company or something like that is because we believed that games could be bigger than they were."
Four years later, SCE had all of Japan's major publishers signed on to make games for the platform. Yoshida explains that the big thing for the market was getting the Final Fantasy and Dragon Quest franchises on PlayStation, but after he'd achieved that goal he lost interest a bit. "What's next? We got all the support from the industry, where do we go?" he asks. It was then that he moved from business development to a producer role on the product side.
The Birth of Crash Bandicoot
If it wasn't for Nintendo, Crash Bandicoot might have been too difficult to play. Yoshida says that one of the benefits of being new on the scene was that Japanese publishers were keen to pass wisdom Sony's way. The Mario-house "really helped others" by using test feedback generated from consumers play-testing in-development games. "As soon as I moved into game production, I was the heaviest user of the (testing) group," he says.
Up to that point, Cerny says, his Crash Bandicoot team was making a game for seasoned gamers like themselves and it was too difficult for the average consumer or kid. "You (Yoshida) were not familiar with games, so you thought you had to do testing," Cerny says. "We were familiar, so we thought we didn't have to, ironically."
Cerny taking his input seriously and using Yoshida's testing more made Yoshida "so happy," he says. One of his associate producers would count every player-death and send it to Cerny, who'd then realize where a checkpoint should be added. "We started to think about difficulty. Are our games something consumers play?" Cerny asks. "The idea was you had to find real consumers, study their real behaviors and report back in."
Working with "The Father of PlayStation"
Yoshida spent 10 years working under Ken Kutaragi, and he admits that without him that PlayStation wouldn't have happened. Humbly, Yoshida says that without Kutaragi, he wouldn't have a job, either. "I have nothing but respect for what he has done for me," he says. At dinner once, Kutaragi turned to him and said that he knew Yoshida didn't necessarily like him, but he knew that Yoshida liked working for him because he could do exciting work as a result. "I said 'yes, exactly.'"
Working with Kutaragi was incredibly difficult, Yoshida says, because he could do an immediate 180 in terms of what he wanted. On the engineering team, trying to predict where he might alter direction was "a very difficult job," Yoshida says. "Every week his direction and instructions could change."
Also tough was that he struggled to give compliments to coworkers. "I was complimented by Ken twice!" says Yoshida. "When I say this to my colleagues, they say 'twice? That's a lot!'' Those flow much more freely from Yoshida. "For me, giving a complement is free, it's like a smile from McDonald's," he says. "But still, we all love Ken."
Working with Kutaragi was incredibly difficult, Yoshida says, because he could do an immediate 180 in terms of what he wanted.
After Phil Harrison's departure in 2008, Yoshida felt threatened by internal conversations at Sony that questioned the need for its worldwide studio team's existence. After consulting then-chairman Akira Sato, he pitched Kutaragi's successor Kaz Hirai on leading Sony Worldwide Studios. A few years later, work began on the PS Vita and PS4 -– with direct involvement from Yoshida's army of developers.
Enough digital ink's been spilled about the partnership between developers and the new PlayStation hardware team, though. What's notable in this story is that Worldwide Studios went from teetering on the brink of extinction to becoming the backbone of Sony Computer Entertainment in a few short years.
Sean Buckley and Ben Gilbert contributed to this post; Image Credit: AP Photo/Kevork Djansezian.
Water bikers and kayakers cruise the Buffalo River's Elevator Alley along a corridor of historic grain elevators in Buffalo. An effort is underway to make the waterways hot spots for recreation. (James Schwabel / Alamy)
A South Beach-inspired gathering place. Bike lanes and kayak tours. Free outdoor yoga classes. Alfresco dancing and dining.
Ready for this one? It's all in Buffalo.
Last month, I shuffled up to the city that brought us hydraulic power, the grain elevator and spicy wings. I had some reservations, which lingered largely from my college days in Upstate New York. I was so scarred by the long, cruel winters that after graduation, I moved 1,000 miles south. But I'd been hearing some buzz about a revitalized Buffalo, and that — combined with the absence of snow — drew me north.
If you go: Buffalo, N.Y.
Once there, I was determined to get to the bottom of the buzz. And I pledged to spend all my waking hours outdoors. Of course, that meant missing such indoor gems as Frank Lloyd Wright's Darwin Martin House; Ani DiFranco's Babeville, the restored church-turned-arts center; and all the bars, which are open until 4 a.m. (The permanent exhibit of the late journalist Tim Russert's re-created office will open this fall in the Buffalo History Museum, too.) But it also meant getting acquainted with waterways, architecture and smells that are distinctly Buffalonian.
Over four days in this Great Lakes city, only once did I hear someone mention the body part that chickens use for flapping, that beloved spicy bar food the city loves to claim. And thankfully, the only reminders of the city's winters were potholes that trivialized Washington's.
The evening I arrived, I headed to Elmwood Village to catch Campus WheelWorks' popular Tuesday night bike ride. Compared with the West Side, the grittier artist and immigrant neighborhood nearby, this is the neighborhood that locals describe as “more yuppified,” with blocks of boutiques and restaurants, including a storefront tattoo parlor next to a high-end home goods shop. And if you must have Buffalo wings, stop at Watson's for the chocolate variety.
The weekly bike ride comes in four speeds: The fastest is for those who want to conquer their internal demons (35 miles), and the slowest is for those who simply want to see a bit of the city on two wheels (12 miles). I opted for the latter, and we biked past Forest Lawn Cemetery (President Millard Fillmore and Rick James are buried there) and Hoyt Lake, around Delaware Park (designed by Frederick Law Olmsted) and up to North Buffalo for ice cream.
We also passed the Richardson Olm­sted Complex. It includes the beautifully restored Olmsted-designed grounds and the striking 19th-century H.H. Richardson-designed Buffalo State Asylum for the Insane, scheduled to reopen as a boutique hotel in 2016. After the ride, with a storm threatening, dozens of cyclists gathered behind the bike shop to find a spread of snacks and a mini-fridge packed with PBR.
Signs of a new Buffalo became obvious in no time: cranes all around town and local enthusiasm beyond typical civic pride. From its industrial heyday in the early 1900s, Buffalo sank to downtrodden at best. Its population is about half what it was in the 1950s. But today, residents are excited about the makeover underway, and everyone seems to know college graduates moving back to the city, or people coming here for jobs.
“The psychology of this region has turned,” said Howard Zemsky, a local developer who's behind the Larkin Square project, a new outdoor public space with a 1930s gas station-turned-restaurant at the site of the former Larkin Soap Co.
Zemsky is also a co-chair of the Western New York Regional Economic Development Council, which is charged with coming up with a plan for the “Buffalo A Billion,” the $1 billion that Gov. Andrew Cuomo pledged to the city for economic revitalization.
The area now known as Larkinville, in the old Hydraulics neighborhood, was largely abandoned and falling apart just a few years ago. (I can imagine the bleakness, because I drove through several other parts of town that could still use some developer love.) First Niagara Bank financed the replacement of “every inch of public infrastructure,” Zemsky said.
Zemsky was drawn to the colors and whimsy of South Beach, Fla., hotels, and he has re-created that experience here, with inviting hula hoops on manicured lawns and technicolor Adirondack chairs. Several nights a week, happy-hour events attract crowds in the thousands — grown-ups circling a free-standing bar like the kind you'd see when walking off the beach, kids playing pickleball and couples dancing to live music.
Historically and today, the best of Buffalo comes out by the water. The city was the western terminus of the Erie Canal; Lake Erie flows into the Niagara River; and the much smaller Buffalo River twists through the city's southern side. Canada sits less than a mile away, across the Peace Bridge.
For as long as locals can remember, the waterways have been contaminated by remnants from the industrial age, but today an effort is underway not only to clean the water, but to also make it more accessible for recreation and entertainment.
I explored the Buffalo River corridor by kayak with Jill Jedlicka, director of Buffalo Niagara Riverkeeper, a nonprofit organization that's playing an important role on the water scene. We paddled through what's called Elevator Alley — the world's largest collection of grain elevators, which hold the silos that once stored grain. Most are abandoned now, leaving hulking, otherworldly concrete containers. One is being converted into a climbing gym, and one of the few still in use is owned by General Mills. On days when they're making Cheerios, you can smell it for miles.
As we paddled toward the convergence with Lake Erie, Jedlicka pointed out signs of progress on both sides of the river: the return of rowing clubs; a new park, a development that will include a roller derby rink, ice skating rinks and a microbrewery; and Canalside, a new space that hosts 1,000 events a year, including free outdoor Pilates classes and concerts.
That night, I hit a Canalside concert. To escape the crowds, I walked along the water, out to an observation tower at the end of the Erie Basin Marina. I was struck by the vastness of Buffalo's waterfront. Imagining what it would look like in the winter, I quickly sensed why, everywhere I went, Buffalonians seemed to have an acute appreciation for their summers by the water.
The next morning, before I left town, I discovered another section of waterfront — the Outer Harbor, on Lake Erie. I walked out to a lighthouse that sits beside a Coast Guard station and couldn't imagine a spot with a better view of the lake, the rivers and downtown. Then I jogged to Times Beach, a nature preserve, and waded in the water at Wilkeson Pointe. Bird sounds nearly drowned out the din of cars behind me. For a few minutes, I forgot where I was. But then I left the harbor. The heavy, sweet smell of toasted oat cereal wafted through the car windows, and I remembered.
Kaplan is a freelance writer in Washington. Her Web site is www.melaniedgkaplan.com.
There are generally two types of Digitalism track; there's their early, heavily compressed electro like ‘Idealistic' and ‘Zdarlight', and then there's their new stuff, fuzzy indie-electro with Jence on vocals like ‘Circles' and ‘2 Hearts'.
Both very good in their own right.
But it's the first type of Digitalism track that we're interested in, and that's exactly what you get with their new single ‘Roller', but don't take our word for it, ex-Daft Punk manager Busy P describes it best, “a mix of Daft Punk's ‘Rollin' & Scratchin' and Armand Van Helden's 'Necessary Evil'…massive” – high praise indeed.
Mixed by Matt Wiggins at none other than Paul Epworth's Church Studios, ‘Roller' is every-bit as good as the track that it's inspired by, jam-packed full of jagged saw-wave synths and raucous energy.
Out June 8.
Pre-order here.
And while we have your attention there's a new DJ mix from the duo, which is inspired by the track, and can be downloaded here. (right click, download file as)
Follow Digitalism
www.twitter.com/digitalismMusic
www.facebook.com/digitalism
www.instagram.com/digitalismofficial
Russian warships from the Black Sea Fleet reportedly took up positions off the Crimean Peninsula to provide air defense as Kiev conducted its missile launch drills near the Russian border.
Ukrainian forces conducted 16 successful launches of S-300 medium-range surface-to-air missiles during the drills, presidential spokesman Svyatoslav Tsegolko said in a Facebook post.
“The Defense Ministry and the General Staff chief have just reported to the president on today's drills, which were successfully completed. Sixteen Ukrainian missiles were launched. All of them have reached their targets,” Tsegolko said.
Read more
“We've received the first reports about the success of the launches carried out this morning,” Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko said in Kiev. “These latest exercises involved combat and transport aircraft, as well as divisions of anti-aircraft and radar troops.”
“I want to emphasize that the launches are taking place in open sea over Ukrainian airspace, in full accordance with international law. The launches will go on regardless of any statement released by Moscow.”
“The only reason that makes us conduct these exercises is the need to be consistently ready for any full-scale invasion from the side of our aggressive neighbor.”
“The purpose of the exercise is to gain experience in using these anti-aircraft missile systems and to check the quality of the rockets, which were repaired, as well as to improve the skills of the anti-aircraft missile troop units,” he said, as cited by TASS.
Kryzhanovsky said that there had been no response to the launches from the Russian side. He noted that the missiles will come as close as 30 kilometers to Crimean airspace. The missiles are being launched from a spot some 90 kilometers from Crimea's shores. The Ukrainian military stressed that its current exercises pose no danger to the residents of the Crimean Peninsula.
Still, the Russian Foreign Ministry said on Thursday that Ukrainian missile tests near Crimea were a "dangerous precedent," as cited by Interfax.
Russian ships from the Black Sea Fleet have taken up positions to the west of the Crimean Peninsula to provide air defense over Russian territory, RIA Novosti news agency reports, citing sources in the military.
“The Black Sea Fleet warships integrated in the air defense system of the Southern Military District have taken position off the west coast of Crimea for Ukraine's missile launch drills, which are scheduled for December 1st and 2nd. The ships' air defenses are in on high alert,” the source told the agency.
Read more
Ukraine announced that it would be conducting missile-firing exercises close to Crimea in areas used by civil and state aviation flights earlier this week, warning that they would not be safe for flights. Later, it declared that adjacent areas, partly over neutral waters and partly over Russia's territorial waters in the Black Sea to the southwest and southeast to Crimea, would also be dangerous.
The Russian aviation agency said that Kiev's drills breach a number of international laws and agreements, noting that they had not been coordinated with Moscow.
Russia asked the authorities in Kiev to abstain from the exercises, but received no response, Russian transport minister Maksim Sokolov said today, while noting that Moscow had also requested that the International Civil Aviation Organization declare Crimean airspace a danger zone, but that also went unanswered.
There were no emergency incidents detected in the airspace over Crimea, Sokolov later said.
Earlier, the Russian Defense Ministry submitted a military-diplomatic note to the Defense Attaché at the Embassy of Ukraine, in which they protested the illegal restrictions on the use of Russian airspace imposed by Ukraine during the exercises, noting that “the southeastern boundary of the danger area declared by Ukraine violates the territorial sea borders of the Russian Federation, which is a violation of international law and Russian legislation.”
READ MORE: ‘Failed to protect life': Court green-lights MH17 relatives' lawsuit against Ukraine
However, according to the Russian Federal Air Transport Agency, the Ukrainian government changed the boundaries of the danger zone for civil aviation in the Crimea region just ahead of the drills so that they no longer breach Russian airspace.
“The boundaries of the danger zone for civil aviation has been shifted to the west of the Russian Federation,” the agency's representative told Interfax.
The Ukrainian military has a record of suffering from accidents while conducting air defense missile drills. In October of 2001, a Siberia Airlines Tu-154 en route from Tel-Aviv to Novosibirsk was accidentally brought down by a missile launched by the Ukrainian military during an exercise over the Black Sea. Seventy-eight people died in that tragedy. Kiev has also been condemned by the relatives of the victims of the MH17 tragedy, in which a civilian plane was downed in the eastern part of Ukraine, for not closing the airspace over the war-torn area.
The full-scale drills are to continue on Friday, according to the Ukrainian Defense Ministry.
BEIJING/SHANGHAI (Reuters) - Internet users in China were unable to use a number of popular foreign websites on Monday, the latest in a series of challenges businesses and individuals have faced going online in the world's second-largest economy.
A map of China is seen through a magnifying glass on a computer screen showing binary digits in Singapore in this January 2, 2014 photo illustration.REUTERS/Edgar Su
Social media users first reported on Sunday that they were being sent to software website wpkg.org and travel website ptraveler.com when trying to access news websites like cnn.com, news portal yahoo.co.jp, and games website runescape.com, among others.
Reuters reporters in China also experienced similar issues.
Experts said that although the redirection was occurring because of a change of the code in websites' buttons that link to Facebook Inc, they did not know why this was happening.
“If Chinese users visit a page which has the ‘Login with Facebook' or ‘Connect with Facebook' button, Facebook's Javascript code gets replaced with Javascript that's loaded from wpgk.org or ptraveler.com,” said Mikko Hypponen, chief research officer at Finnish software security firm F-Secure.
“It doesn't make sense, so it might be accidental.”
Developers from wpkg.org were also unsure why traffic from inside China was being redirected to their site, Tomasz Chmielewski, the programme's project lead, told Reuters by email.
Facebook was not available for immediate comment, and China's Internet regulator, the Cyberspace Administration of China, was not available for immediate comment by telephone or fax outside business hours.
Access to the internet – both speed and stability – have long been a major issue especially among foreign businesses and individuals. This is especially the case when attempting to access overseas online services, which are regularly plagued by disruptions and blockages.
Internet services operated by Facebook, Google Inc and Twitter Inc, to name a few, are unusable in China. The country operates the world's most sophisticated censorship mechanism in order to quell sources of information the Communist Party sees as potentially destabilising or undermining its rule.
The Yutonian Resolve
Creating the Yutonian Race
The Yutonians were among the first to settle in the ancient land of Erlandir, one of the original races created by the Goddess of Light. Taken under the rule of Kosh as a protectorate nation, the humans were left alone to govern themselves. Although posing no real threat to the Kosh, their curiosity of magic is heavily frowned upon: ones that learned too much were executed.
When Hoca brought steam technology to the Eastern continent, the Yutonian humans saw it as their salvation, their chance to break free from Kosh rule. As a result, their fascination for steam power lead to their mass exile. The majority that followed Hoca eventually became the Buvonts. Families that rejected steam power stayed behind, relocated their settlements across the mountain borders.
When war has reached their doorstep after generations of peace, the Yutonians chose to unite under the Erlandir Union, fighting alongside with Kosh and the barbaric Aureks.
Faction: Erlandir
Allies: Kosh, Aurek
Language: Human, Common Tongue
Available Classes: Elementalist, Demon Hunter, Alchemist
Character Traits: Capricious yet traditional, curious yet reserved
Physique: Balanced figure between 5'6 to 6'5 with sharp eyes and slender peripherals. Being forest and mountain roamers, Yutonians prefer to be lighter on foot with extensive use of leather armor.
From the excerpts of The Hidden Flame:
The Fall of the Yutonian Dynasty
After the slaughter of his army outside the White Marshes, Emperor Akan sent Mazir, a religious leader with a deep hatred for humanity, to watch over these humans, and ensure that no further crises arose. The Yutonian Dynasty was all but finished.
The human subjects of the Kosh fell succumbed to despair, their ruler to madness. Bitter and humiliated, Thurian, son of the Old King, withdrew from the public eye, and left major matters in the hands of his ministers. His people, desperate for leadership, found none.
Rumors arose of a strange religious movement in the Daybreak Hills: the Hidden Flame. It promised the weary humans lessons in dark magic, and told them to rebel against the Kosh.
The Kosh nobility in the region reacted swiftly to contain the fires of rebellion. Qolom, a powerful Kosh mage, arrived to oversee the search for the renegade religion and oversee the human monarch, much to Mazir's displeasure. And with him, he brought General Chakza.
The Revolution
Chakza found an unexpected ally in Namian, the younger brother of the king. Sogia's child had grown into a quiet young man who was determined to improve the lives of his people. The human and the Kosh spoke often, and soon became friends. Chakza, secretly enraged by the treatment of the humans, convinced the prince that a coup was the only option.
King Namian's first act was to appoint and Chakza and Qolom to his cabinet, a grand gesture of his trust of his Kosh allies. Ignored and disgraced, Mazir returned to the capital.
The Forging of an Alliance
The Yutonians thrived under Namian's benevolent rule. Alas, these times would not last. Without warning, the Upyrian Vampires attacked, slaughtering Kosh and human alike, and seizing Black Gold to power their dark magic and fuel their machines. King Namian had no choice but to go to war against his former people, and his own brother.
The humans, Kosh and Aureks fought side by side, and slowly forced the Upyrians to retreat. The Kosh were forced to realize that without the “lesser races” they would have lost.
On that day, the Erlandir Union was forged.
Mute are delighted to announce a limited edition green LP reissue of 20 Jazz Funk Greats, the landmark 1979 album from industrial music pioneers Throbbing Gristle.
The impetus for the record apparently came about from Genesis P-Orridge's mum's request that the band record something “nice”. The tame cover photo shows the nattily dressed band – white disco jacket, comfy slacks, mini-skirt – stood amid flowers on a clifftop. The chosen scene of natural beauty was Beachy Head, a notorious suicide spot.
20 Jazz Funk Greats' cheerful breaching of lounge jazz and disco contains some of the band's prettiest moments on songs like the breathy “Hot on the Heels of Love”. Similarly “Tanith” and “Exotica” are gentle interludes in which TG's usual jagged punctuations are kept to a minimum. You could be fooled into thinking this was indeed easy-listening industrial.
Pitchfork wrote that “20 Jazz Funk Greats finds the band waking up from D.O.A's dark night of the soul and feeling curiously frisky. Snacking on not only the titular funk and jazz, the band also takes touristic zig zags through exotica, rock and disco”, ultimately describing it as a “kitsch detour toward mutant disco”. Uncut Magazine wrote that “musically, it turned away from the precipice; not exactly jazz and funk, but sublimating TG's noise elements within electronic rhythms and proto-exotica.” Dusted Magazine described the album as “a deliberate attempt to toy with the ideas behind marketing strategy and the purpose of musical genres.”
Pitchfork ranked 20 Jazz Funk Greats at number 91 in its list of the 100 greatest albums of the 1970s. UK magazine Fact named it the best album of the 1970s, writing that “This album is a rupture. It's an open crack into the unpronounceable dimensions into which tumble important streams of 20th century pop, art and underground culture, to seethe around each other, mingling, festering, sprouting new and unpredictable forms which in turn would ooze out to infest vast sections of what comes after.”
Kolkata and its port area may face a terror attack, according to a warning issued by central intelligence agencies amid which the Navy has withdrawn its two warships that were docked at the port here.
A senior Kolkata police official said that inputs have been received from central security agencies that there might be a terror attack in Kolkata, especially in the port area.
"We have beefed up security in the port area and have put the entire city under security blanket," he said.
Amidst this warning, Navy warships - INS Khukri and INS Sumitra - which had docked at the port last evening and was scheduled to be there till November 6 for public viewing as part of Naval Day celebration, made a sudden withdrawal on Tuesday.
Official sources in Delhi said the withdrawal was a precautionary measure.
However, when asked whether the withdrawal of the ships wa because of the terror alert, Defence CPRO Group Captain T K Singha said "no, it has nothing to do with any terror alert. The recall of ships is strictly due to operational reasons."
A Defence press statement issued in Kolkata said "the alacrity by which Indian warships are ready for operation at a short notice was demonstrated by the quick turnaround of the two visiting warships amply showcasing Indian Navy's prompt readiness as the two warships are set to sail out within hours of a recall to the sea for undisclosed 'operational reasons' on orders by Eastern Naval Command HQ, on Tuesday."
The Pentagon claims in its latest six-monthly report on the current situation in Afghanistan that Pakistan is using such proxies to counter the Indian armed forces as well as to hedge against the losing of power and control in Afghanistan.
Such relationships oppose Pakistan's commitment to support Afghan-led reconciliation and these groups continue to act as the primary source of contention between Afghan- Pakistan bilateral relations, claims the Pentagon report.
The Pentagon also mentioned an attack on the Indian consulate in Herat that took place three days ahead of the swearing-in ceremony of Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The fact that Modi is believed to be close to Hindu nationalist groups may have played into the timing of the attack, said the Pentagon.
However, welcoming the Pentagon report, External Affairs Ministry spokesman Syed Akbaruddin said that if the international community is acknowledging the fact that terrorism derives support from Pakistan, it is something that New Delhi welcomes.
The Goliath tracked mine - complete German name: Leichter Ladungsträger Goliath (Goliath Light Charge Carrier) was a name given to two German Unmanned ground vehicles, disposable demolition vehicles, used during World War II. These were the electrically powered Sd.Kfz. 302 and the petrol-engine powered Sd.Kfz. 303a and 303b. They were known as beetle tanks[1] to the Allies.
Employed by the Wehrmacht during World War II. They carried 60 or 100 kilogrammes (130 or 220 lb) of high explosives, depending on the model, and were intended to be used for multiple purposes, such as destroying tanks, disrupting dense infantry formations, and the demolition of buildings or bridges. Goliaths were single-use vehicles that were destroyed by the detonation of their warhead.
Development [ edit ]
SdKfz. 303, showing the petrol engine, control cable reel and the space for the warhead. U.S. Department of Ordnance - Catalog of Enemy Ordnance Manual Vol. 1 - 1945 The interior of a Goliath,303, showing the petrol engine, control cable reel and the space for the warhead. U.S. Department of Ordnance -- 1945
During and after World War I, a number of inventors devised small, remote-controlled, tracked vehicles intended to carry an explosive charge. During the war, the French developed two vehicles. The Crocodile Schneider Torpille Terrestre carried a 40-kilogramme (88 lb) explosive charge and saw limited combat use in June 1916. However, it performed poorly and was eclipsed by the first tanks, then being introduced.[2] The Aubriot-Gabet Torpille Electrique was driven by a single electric motor powered by a trailing cable. This vehicle may have been steered by clutch control on its tracks, although early versions may have lacked steering.[2] This may not have mattered as its task was simply to cross No man's land to attack the long trenches of the enemy.[3] The Wickersham Land Torpedo was patented by American inventor Elmer Wickersham in 1918[4] and in the 1930s, a similar vehicle was developed by the French vehicle designer Adolphe Kégresse.
In late 1940, Kégresse's prototype was recovered by the Germans near the Seine; the Wehrmacht's ordnance office directed the Carl F.W. Borgward automotive company of Bremen, Germany to develop a similar vehicle for the purpose of carrying a minimum of 50 kilogrammes (110 lb) of explosives. The result was the SdKfz. 302 (Sonderkraftfahrzeug, ‘special-purpose vehicle'), called the Leichter Ladungsträger (‘light charge carrier'), or Goliath, which carried 60 kilogrammes (130 lb) of explosives. The vehicle was steered remotely via a joystick control box. The control box was connected to the Goliath by a 650-metre (2,130 ft), triple-strand cable attached to the rear of the vehicle. The cable was used both for control and for transmitting power to the electric driven version. Two of the strands were used to move and steer the Goliath, while the third was used for detonation. Each Goliath was disposable, being intended to be blown up with its target. Early model Goliaths used an electric motor but, as these were costly to make (3,000 Reichsmarks) and difficult to repair in a combat environment, later models (known as the SdKfz. 303) used a simpler, more reliable gasoline engine.
Service [ edit ]
German soldiers with a Goliath and its remote control, Russia (April 1944)
Goliaths were used on all fronts where the Wehrmacht fought, beginning in early 1942. They were used principally by specialized Panzer and combat engineer units. Goliaths were used at Anzio in Italy in April 1944, and against the Polish resistance during the Warsaw Uprising in 1944. A few Goliaths were also seen on the beaches of Normandy during D-Day, though most were rendered inoperative due to artillery blasts severing their command cables. Allied troops also encountered a small number of Goliaths in the Maritime Alps following the landings in southern France in August 1944, with at least one being used successfully against a vehicle of the 509th Parachute Infantry Battalion.
Although a total of 7,564 Goliaths were produced, the single-use weapon was not considered a success due to high unit cost, low speed (just above 6 miles per hour (9.7 km/h)), poor ground clearance (just 11.4 centimetres), the vulnerable control cable, and thin armour which could not protect the vehicle from small-arms fire. The Goliath was also too big and heavy to be easily man-portable.[5] Mostly, they failed to reach their target although the effect was considerable when they did.[5]
Large numbers of Goliaths were captured by the Allies. Although they were examined with interest by Allied intelligence, they were seen as having little military value. Some were used by the United States Army Air Force as aircraft tugs, although they quickly broke down as the disposable vehicles were not designed for sustained use.[5]
The Goliath did help lay the foundation for post-war advances in remote-controlled vehicle technologies.[citation needed]
Romanian version [ edit ]
During 1944, Romania designed and built its own model of remote-controlled tracked mine, known as "Romanian Goliath", due to lack of information about its actual name. However, it was markedly different from its German counterpart. The few surviving photos show that the vehicle had no armour, and it is not known if that was ever changed. It did have some logistical improvements, however, as the Romanian-designed chassis allowed it to cross trenches and craters much better than its German counterparts. Little is known about the stats of this Romanian vehicle, aside from the fact that it never went beyond the prototype stage and that it weighed about two tonnes.[6]
Surviving examples [ edit ]
Surviving Goliaths are preserved at:
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Defence against the German Goliath was re-enacted in the 1957 Polish film Kanał, documenting the final days of the Warsaw Uprising, the TV series Kolumbowie and the 2014 film Warsaw 44.
References [ edit ]
Citations
Scientists have uncovered the fossilized remains of an unusual species of dolphin that lived 30 million years ago in what is now South Carolina. These extinct aquatic mammals measured just three feet in length, they featured short snouts, and perhaps strangest of all, they had no teeth.
As described today in Proceedings of the Royal Society B, this newly discovered creature represents both a new species and an entirely new genus. Its name, Inermorostrum xenops, means “defenseless snout”—a reference to its toothless constitution. The lead author of the new study, Robert W. Boessenecker from the College of Charleston, says this animal belongs to the Xenorophidae family—an ancient group of echolocating dolphins that represent the earliest evolutionary offshoot from toothed whales. As the discovery of Inermorostrum suggests, an interesting set of evolutionary experiments led this aquatic mammal down a very strange path.
Advertisement
Boessenecker's analysis was based on the discovery of a single Inermorostrum skull, which was recently found in a limestone outcrop by a diver in South Carolina's Wando River. Like other Xenorophids, its facial features suggest it had the ability to echolocate, but that's where the similarities end. Inermorostrum had a tiny body, a snout about three times shorter, and a mouth completely devoid of teeth (other Xenorophids had a complete dental profile, featuring at least 11 teeth in its upper jaw). Clearly, this ancient dolphin had followed a different evolutionary path—but to what end?
Modern dolphins, with their long toothy snouts, are good at catching fish, but as Boessenecker points out, short snouts, which typically appear in toothed whales, are good for suction feeding.
“The smaller the oral opening, the greater the suction—pilot whales, belugas, and porpoises all have similarly short snouts and large, muscular lips,” explained Boessenecker in an email to Gizmodo. “The last feature is perhaps the most critical—toothlessness, or tooth reduction, [as it describes] suction feeding specialists like the narwhal (the tusk is the only tooth, and it is not used for feeding), sperm whales (which lack upper teeth), and beaked whales (which typically only have small tusks, also not used for feeding).”
Advertisement
The combination of a short snout and toothlessness, says Boessenecker, suggests Inermorostrum was not only capable of suction feeding—it was an “obligate” suction feeder, meaning it could only use suction to feed. What's more, grooves and holes on its snout suggests it had enlarged lips or whiskers, both of which are useful for suction feeders. Based on these features, along with its diminutive body and downward slanting snout, Boessenecker speculates that Inermorostrum was a suction feeding specialist, gobbling up fish, squid, and other soft-bodied creatures from the seafloor much like modern walruses.
Interestingly, Inermorostrum appeared just four million years after the emergence of its toothed whale ancestor, which suggests this echolocating species evolved its suction-feeding characteristics rather quickly. But alas, this specialized feeder was not to be. Today, modern dolphins, like the bottlenose dolphin, feature a snout that's twice as long as it is wide, allowing it to catch fish and participate in suction feeding. As is so often in the case in biology, it's best to avoid over-specialization and not paint oneself into an evolutionary corner.
[Proceedings of the Royal Society B: Biological Sciences]
More fallout from the release of the torture memos.
The Los Angeles Times reports that sleep deprivation was “one of the most important elements in the CIA's interrogation program, used to help break dozens of suspected terrorists, far more than the most violent approaches.” It was also “among the methods the agency fought hardest to keep.”
In fact, former CIA director Michael Hayden reportedly (and unsuccessfully) lobbied the White House not to expose its use by releasing the memos that described it, asking: “Are you telling me that under all conditions of threat, you will never interfere with the sleep cycle of a detainee?”(It's not clear why exposing the use of sleep deprivation would prevent it being used in the future — it's hard to train for 11 days without sleep).
President Obama banned the use of sleep deprivation soon after taking office, though a task force is reviewing its use, as well as that of other methods.
A CIA inspector general's report from 2004 is said by the LAT to have been more critical of the use of sleep deprivation than any other method aside from waterboarding.
Here's how the recently released memos described the technique:
Detainees were clad only in diapers and not allowed to feed themselves. A prisoner who started to drift off to sleep would tilt over and be caught by his chains. … When detainees could no longer stand, they could be laid on the prison floor with their limbs “anchored to a far point on the floor in such a manner that the arms cannot be bent or used for balance or comfort,” a May 10, 2005, memo said. “The position is sufficiently uncomfortable to detainees to deprive them of unbroken sleep, while allowing their lower limbs to recover from the effects of standing,” it said.
And James Horne, the sleep expert whose work was cited in one memo to justify keeping detainees awake for up to 11 days, reiterated to the paper his claim that the memo's authors badly distorted his work.
Reports the LAT:
“My response was shocked concern,” Horne said in an e-mail interview. Just because the pain of sleep deprivation “can't be measured in terms of physical injury or appearance . . . does not mean that the mental anguish is not as bad.”
Horne first expressed that view to TPMmuckraker after we alerted him to the use of his work in the memos.
When the St. Croix Tissue mill received funding in March for an upgrade and new machinery purchase in Baileyville, the deal included a provision for a multi-year workforce training program here in Washington County.
Local workers will be provided with the skills and training they need to be considered as qualified candidates for the mill's new job opportunities. The program is supporting a long-standing vision to revitalize our rural economy, where natural resources and jobs are so tightly interwoven.
The upgrade and expansion of the mill will preserve some 300 jobs at Woodland Pulp and add up to 80 new positions at St. Croix Tissue. In an economically-distressed community these are good and important jobs — some current employees already drive as much as two hours one way to get to work.
The expansion will also have a ripple effect, creating more jobs in the local economy. Eventually a fleet of 85 trucks will be taking tissue product from the mill, and there will be a need for contracting over-the-road, owner-operator truck drivers.
Part of the St. Croix owners' confidence in retrofitting the paper mill with state-of-the-art equipment is the promise of a ready, local workforce. It's well known that one of the multiple challenges that deter investment in rural, low-income communities like ours is the availability of a skilled and ready workforce.
The skilled worker shortage is a national problem that's particularly acute in Washington County. In response, using the federal New Markets Tax Credit and Maine New Markets Capital Investment Program as part of financing the plant upgrade, the mill's owners, along with CEI Capital Management (which oversaw the New Markets program allocations), added a community benefits agreement that will fund the multi-year workforce training program for the mill and other businesses in the region.
As the mill expands, the need to recruit ambitious and capable employees is critical. The new technology comes with new safety measures that require specialized skills. New hires will need to understand the metric system, advanced math and materials process flow calculations.
The equipment and technology to be installed will be state-of-the-art, controlled by computerized automation systems. This equipment will require motivated operators with the ability to understand logic and automated process controls systems. Operators will need to have the ability to learn these skill sets, required to operate the automated equipment.
The pulp mill will continue to require qualified, general maintenance mechanics as well as electrical and instrumentation technicians.
To assure the best possible opportunities for Washington County residents, the community benefit provision sets up a local WorkReady Maine program — we're calling it WIN for short (WorkReady Initiative Network in Washington County).
Managed via a collaboration of multiple public and private entities, WIN will collaborate with existing partners to support the training of hundreds of individuals preparing for employment in Washington County, including the estimated 60-80 new workers at Woodland Pulp and St. Croix Tissue.
Those not hired at the St. Croix facility will be linked with a Maine Department of Labor Career Center, as well as with education resources, including Axiom Education and Training Center and Washington County Community College, increasing not only the likelihood of success for St. Croix's workers, but improving the training and employment opportunities for many of the area's businesses and residents.
Many job candidates lack entry-level skills for a variety of reasons. WIN will focus on “soft skills” training — workplace communications, teamwork, and meeting employer expectations in terms of appearance and behavior. WIN participants will develop career plans and resumes that represent their abilities and ambitions. The program will enhance individual computer skills, as just about every job now requires computer applications.
WIN will combine Maine WorkReady “soft skills” training with the ACT National Career Readiness Certificate training system, the first of its kind in Maine. That credential is awarded to individuals who attain the occupational competencies preferred by local businesses. It is endorsed by professional associations across the country.
We were encouraged that representatives from Washington County's various schools and businesses, as well as community leaders, attended the training program's recent “kickoff” meeting, where we discussed how local businesses and organizations can get involved, support and benefit from the WIN program.
We are glad to have leadership support from Joanna Russell of the Aroostook-Washington Workforce Investment Board, Susan Corbett of Axiom Technologies, Robert Clark of the Northern Maine Development Commission, Charles Rudelitch of the Sunrise County Economic Council, and Washington County Community College President Joseph Cassidy.
The WIN in Washington County initiative will need participants — and the community's endorsement — as we prepare our citizens for 21st century jobs. We are inviting community leaders to be a part of this vision for a stronger and healthier economy, and a workforce that is ready to make it happen.
Martin Richard is manager of St. Croix Tissue. Paul Jack is production manager at Woodland Pulp and Paper. Charlie Spies is CEO of CEI Capital Management.
A mother-of-eight claims Ngwu impregnated her - and then her daughter
He was reported to authorities by his wife who grew sick of his adultery
A 53-year-old pastor who reportedly impregnated 20 members of congregation claims the Holy Spirit ordered him to have sex with them.
Nigerian police have now arrested Timothy Ngwu for abusing the young girls and women at Vineyard Ministry of the Holy Trinity.
Ngwu's abusive behaviour was finally reported to the police by his estranged wife Veronica who grew tired of his adulterous behaviour - and reportedly impregnated her young neice.
A spokesperson for the Enugu State Police command told Naij.com he claims to be obeying the 'spiritual' urge to carry out the will of God, 'irrespective of whether the woman is married or not.'
Ebere Amaraizu added: 'When the woman is delivered of the baby, the child remains in the ministry with the mother for life.'
Pastor: Timothy Ngwu (second from right) allegedly impregnated 20 members of his congregation because 'God told him to'
Ngwu told the same website he has 13 children with five different wives and the mistresses God's 'prophetic' will tell him to acquire.
He also claims he never had sex with any married woman unless their husbands consented to the Holy Spirit's request.
Calista Omeje and Assumpta Odo both left their husbands to live with the pastor based on these holy commands.
Mother-of-eight Odo said Ngwu impregnated both her and her daughter, whose age is not known.
And Calista - who has 10 children with her husband - said the pastor impregnated her but the baby died. She also revealed that she 'gave' her daughter to him.
The pastor's brother - who did not want to be identified - said he had warned both Ngwu and his family about the self-proclaimed clergyman's behaviour for a long time but they refused to listen.
He claims the arrest is 'God's wrath falling on his brother', adding: 'God's anger has befallen my brother, we have severally appealed to him to stop what he was doing but he refused.
'He has colonised our compound, bearing children with recklessness. He accused us of being jealous of him because he is doing the will of God.'
Sickening: The pastor was arrested for abusing the young girls and women (pictured) - some of whom were married
Pointing at the church's compound, he continued: 'Look at these buildings here... He has converted all of them to himself in the name of vineyard.
'He sacked his betrothed wife who has three children for him and embarked on impregnating married women and young girls. Look at the whole compound littered with children of different sex and age.'
'All members of the vineyard are fools, how can a woman abandon her husband for another man in the name of worshiping God and practice adultery? I cannot get myself involved in this matter.
There is no shortage of media coverage about the rich becoming less rich, including today's Times piece.
Associated Press
Gene Autry and his horse Champ
But even as the vast majority of the wealthy are losing wealth, some are gaining or forging the next Gilded Age in their garages.
We won't know who the real winners are for a few years. Will it be a space-travel tycoon? Solar-panel maker? Health-care lobbyists? Copper traders? Dapper jewel thieves.
History in this case may be a poor guide, since wealth waves are usually built on unique intersections of economics, finance and government.
But CNN just put up a list of “10 Folks Who Got Rich During the Great Depression.”
Here is the list:
1. Baseball star Babe Ruth, who made $80,000 a year in Depression-era dollars
2. Robber John Dillinger, who raked in more than $3 million in today's dollars
3. Supermarket pioneer Michael J. Cullen, who left Kroger in 1930 to start King Cullen Grocery.
4. Film star James Cagney, one of the top money-makers in Hollywood in the mid-1930s.
5. Charles Darrow, creator of the Monopoly game, who became the world's first millionaire
game-designer.
6. Oil man J. Paul Getty, who snatched up depressed oil stocks with his inheritance and created a new petroleum empire.
7. King of Swing Glenn Miller, the one-man Black Eyed Peas of his day.
8. Howard Hughes, the aviator, Hollywood maven and all around nutjob, was better at spending than earning.
9. Singing Cowboy Gene Autry.
10. Joe Kennedy Sr., the patriarch of the Kennedy's made his money…well it's not clear exactly, though it involved stock speculation, real-estate, liquor and movies.
So what can the list tell us about how to make a fortune in today's Great Recession? It's best to be a celebrity, thief, game-maker, bottom-feeder or inside-trader.
Maybe times haven't changed so much after all.
How do you think today's big fortunes are being made?
TONY Abbott has set a goal for a Coalition government to create 250,000 new jobs in Victoria over the next five years.
But the Opposition Leader has warned voters some of his policies will hurt if he is elected prime minister, saying tough decisions are needed to fix the Budget.
Mr Abbott faced 108 undecided voters in the nation's most marginal seat of Corangamite in the Herald Sun/Sky News People's Forum at Geelong RSL.
Do you think Tony Abbott deserves to be Australia's next Prime Minister? Have your say below
He won applause when he declared he was an "absolute believer" in the National Disability Insurance Scheme.
Camera Icon Opposition Leader Tony Abbott says tough decisions were needed to fix the Budget. Picture: Herald Sun, Chris Scott
Quizzed on whether he would stop welfare for boat people, he said they were doing the "wrong thing" by coming to Australia illegally but still deserved to be treated humanely.
Mr Abbott received a tough reception for his strong defence of the controversial 457 visa schemes and his vow to scrap a superannuation tax cut up to $500 for 3.6 million low-paid workers.
He said the Gillard Government had been "fatally damaged" by breaking its no carbon tax pledge and said he would be honest about the painful decisions he had to make.
"I have to warn you, in all candour, that an incoming Coalition government will do some things that aren't popular," Mr Abbott said.
Camera Icon Tony Abbott speaks to undecided voters in the nation's most marginal seat of Corangamite in the Herald Sun/Sky News People's Forum at Geelong RSL. Picture: Herald Sun, Chris Scott
"We will do some things that will hurt, because when a country, a government, has been living beyond its means you have got to take remedial action.
"We are going to be upfront about it."
The undecided voters were chosen by Galaxy Research and after Mr Abbott was grilled for an hour they were asked if he won their vote: 50 said yes, 17 said no and 41 were undecided.
Julia Gillard will face 100 undecided voters in a People's Forum in the second-most marginal seat of Deakin on Monday night.
Asked by retired teacher Joan to name his top priority, Mr Abbott said it was to "get our budgetary house in order".
But he stopped short of saying when the Budget would return to surplus, explaining he did not know what state it would be in.
Mr Abbott said he did not believe gay marriage was "inevitable", vowed to sell Medibank Private, gave a strong defence of his direct action climate change plan and ruled out federal funds to support the SES.
He said the Coalition's industrial relations policy would be released very soon and promised "justice" for workers and business owners, saying WorkChoices was wrong and he wanted to get the balance right without a "them and us" workplace.
Mr Abbott rejected government claims that areas such as Geelong faced a tsunami of job losses under the Coalition's industry policy and said he would create jobs.
"I am very confident that within five years under a Coalition government we can create an additional quarter of a million jobs in Victoria," he told the Herald Sun.
"We will run a pro-economic growth government with less taxes, less red tape and an attitude which encourages investment."
He denied his policies would hurt the car industry, telling the People's Forum he wanted it to flourish and insisted he would ask Ford to make the Ford Territory left-hand drive so it could be exported as " a world car".
Victorian Premier Denis Napthine will today lead a push to help save the ailing car industry by urging other state leaders to make a pledge to buy or lease only Australian-made cars.
Mr Abbott said his plan to axe the carbon tax would help Victoria's large manufacturing base, which lost 33,000 jobs under Labor, including 20,000 since the tax started almost a year ago.
- with Michelle Ainsworth
By Daniel S. Lobel, Ph.D.
Source: Photo: iStock
Fathers with Borderline (fBPDs) often differ from mothers with Borderline Personality Disorder (mBPDs) in the have with their children and the nature of the associated abuse. A primary difference between the two is that whereas mBPDs focus on their children as primary attachment objects with associated exaggerated dependency, fBPDs often see their children as secondary attachment objects with less associated dependency.
Borderline Mother: Exaggerated dependency on her children
Borderline Father: Exaggerated dependency on his partner
This is important because if a Borderline father is more likely to see his partner as a primary (and problematic) attachment object, the consequence is that he may then experience his children as interfering with access to his primary attachment object and hence competitors for her affection.
fBPDs and Infants
Gestation and childbirth interfere with his partner's ability to focus on the fBPD.
and childbirth can distract the fBPD's partner in many ways. The fBPD often becomes enraged at the child and the mother of the child because the mother lacks interest, energy, and focus on the fBPD that was there before children. (This is a natural consequence of the demanding nature of early motherhood.) Sadly, as a consequence, this interferes with the fBPD's attachment to the child even before it is born and intensifies after childbirth.
The fBPD experiences abandonment associated with the withdrawal of the mother associated with her taking care of the child. They often complain of sexual abandonment associated with the usual temporary interference with sexual activity associated with pregnancy and childbirth. This gets worse as the infant demands feeding and other care throughout the day and night often leaving the mother too tired to attend to the fBPD.
Fathers without BPD are often , and in fact find the mother's nurturance toward their offspring admirable and attractive. The fBPD finds this threatening and may become enraged at the mother, the child, or both. Under these circumstances, the fBPD may encourage or demand that the spouse neglect the child so that she might attend to his needs.
fBPD: “Let's go to our favorite restaurant tonight for a nice romantic dinner.”
Mom: “What about the baby?”
fBPD: “We can get a babysitter.”
Mom: “I feel that she is too young to be left with a sitter. She is still breastfeeding.”
fBPD: “You can pump some milk.”
Mom: “I just don't want someone else feeding her yet.”
fBPD: “Maybe having a child was not such a good idea after all.”
In this dialogue the fBPD is encouraging the mother to violate her maternal instinct by abandoning the child (briefly) and then punishing her reluctance. He comes to see both the infant and the mother as obstacles to his access to his primary attachment object: the mother. Acting out by the fBPD in the form of is not uncommon under these circumstances. The mother's to the child is seen as an abandonment, thus justifying his seeking affection elsewhere.
fBPDs and Toddlers
As the child gets older, the fBPD is more likely to bond to the child. The bond tends to be secondary, however, and focused primarily on the needs of the father, rather than those of the child.
fBPD: “How would you like to watch a football game with daddy?”
Child: “Don't you usually watch football with Uncle Tommy?”
fBPD: “Yes, but Uncle Tommy can't make it today.”
Child: “OK.”
.........Later:
fBPD: “Where are you going?”
Child: “Daddy this boring. I don't want to watch anymore.”
fBPD: “But the game is not over yet.”
Child: “I want to play outside.”
fBPD: “This is the last time I ask you to spend time with me.”
In this example, the secondary nature of the attachment to the child is immediately apparent as he asked to sit in for a preferred attachment object (Uncle Tommy). The child most likely will jump at the chance anyway to have time with the father. In this situation, he fails and is then rejected and made to feel bad about his efforts and hence himself. This often prompts the child to be more solicitous next time, while his or her is diminished by being blamed for not pleasing the fBPD. This then justifies abuse in the form of abandonment, devaluation, or perhaps even physical abuse.
fBPDs and Children
Child: “Hey dad, I need to confirm you'll be driving me to my game Saturday.”
fBPD: “What time does it start?”
Child: “Same as every week—2 o'clock.”
fBPD: “I may be a few minutes late.”
Child: “Dad, if I am late, I cannot start.”
fBPD: “You are putting pressure on me.”
Child: “Dad you knew I had to be there at 2.”
fBPD: “You ungrateful little shit. You wouldn't be in the league if not for me."
In this example, the father has put some other opportunity ahead of being at his child's ballgame. He is embarrassed when the child confronts him on this. His solution is to make himself the victim by making the child feel badly about wanting his father at his ballgame.
fBPDs and the Adult Child
While the fBPD routinely treats his relationship with his children as a secondary bond, he nonetheless expects the child will have a primary bond with him. This means that he expects that the child will make him first priority when there is a conflict. This may become more apparent as the child enters or young adulthood.
fBPD: “I need a ride to the doctor tomorrow at 10. Can you pick me up?”
Child: ”Did you just make this appointment?”
fBPD: “No, my was supposed to take me but something came up.”
Child: “Dad, I have a big interview tomorrow morning, and I cannot reschedule it.”
fBPD: “Can't you just move it up a few hours?”
Child: “No dad, it will damage my opportunities.”
fBPD: “After all that I do for you I don't think that I ask too much.”
Child: “I am happy to take you to the doctor's. I just need advance notice.”
fBPD: “I may not always have advanced notice.”
Child: “But this time you did.”
fBPD: “Oh, so I need to make an appointment to get sick.”
Child: “You are not sick. This is a routine visit!”
fBPD: “Forget it. I will ask your sister.”
Here the fBPD was exercising his second option, because his first option, his friend, fell through. He nonetheless expected the child to drop everything and treat the father as primary attachment. When the child does not do so, the fBPD becomes abusive.
Like the female sufferers of Borderline Disorder, the fBPDs are intolerant of criticism and cannot take responsibility for any error or flaw.
fBPD the Victim
Child: “Dad when you fininsh emailing, I'd like to speak to you about something.”
fBPD: “Go ahead, I'm listening.”
Child: “I will wait. I don't feel like you're listening when you're answering emails.”
fBPD: “Emails were OK when you needed money for , you ungrateful shit.”
Child: “I am just trying to have a respectful conversation with you.”
fBPD: “You are going to tell me how to be respectful! I wish I never had children.”
Here the fBPD responds to criticism with abuse. This is a characteristic pattern of both male and female sufferers. The child is punished for attempting to negotiate a mutually respectful relationship with the parent.
The fBPD is wounded by any criticism from anybody. The pain triggers instant and the fBPD assumes the posture of victim. This then justifies any and all abuse toward the child, which is generally expressed immediately and without restraint. The child's “ ” of finding fault with the parent is amplified to a “felony.” The fBPD treats the child as though he or she has launched a vicious attack and responds with full ferocity.
Paradoxically, despite the intensity of the instant vitriol that can be triggered by any perceived criticism or slight, these aggressive expressions are transitory.
fBPD: “Son, wasn't there something you wanted to discuss with me?”
Child: “That's OK, I took care of it.”
fBPD: “I'm not on the PHONE anymore!”
Child: “Dad, I already resolved the issue.”
fBPD: “Oh, so now you are going to punish me by not talking to me.”
Child: “Dad, it's not a . I will tell you if you really want to know.”
fBPD: “Well I really don't. I have better things to do than talk to a loser like you.”
Here the fBPD expects the child to just ignore the abusive attachment just prior and share openly with the parent. The child is immediately in a dilemma in that he is being asked to share openly with a parent who has recently brutalized him. He is then punished for his natural reaction, hesitation, and then punished again for acquiescing too late.
Women are three times more likely than men to be diagnosed with Borderline Personality Disorder. This means that there are many more fBPDs than mBPDs, but the men are no less hurtful. Their need to see themselves as infallible compels them to assume the victim role whenever they feel criticized or slighted. They most often react with an abusive attack at the perceived offender.
Surviving the Borderline Father:
Growing up with one or more parents affected with BPD causes significant damage to the child's sense of self. Relief can only be achieved by stopping the abuse. This is done by installing consistent boundaries that do not allow for this type of abuse. Once this is achieved, healing of the self can occur by recognizing the damage done by the abuse and recasting the relationship in more realistic terms.
The nub of the problem is that if you have been raised by a Borderline mother or father, these behavioral scenes are your normal. First you need to step outside the abusive relationship sufficiently to realize what's been done to you. After all, children don't ask for abuse from the people they the most in this world. Then, can help with objectifying what's going on, setting good limits, and being the best son or daughter that you choose to be under the circumstances.
It's a fight that's worth the effort.
----------------------------------------------------
This piece is by guest blogger Dan S. Lobel, Ph.D. who is in private practice in Katonah, New York. Dr. Lobel can be reached for consultation at 914-232-8434 or by email at: Katshrink@aol.com.
----------------------------------------------------
: For a Free Book on Divorce!
How to Tell the Children
A Child's Bill of Rights
& More...
Intelligent Divorce Course: www.TheIntelligentDivorce.net
Florida Course: www.FamilyStabilizationCourse.com
The interior of Masons Lane will also be transformed by new cladding and green steps.
The entrance to Masons Lane, from The Terrace, will be tidied up with funky lighting and new signage.
Denton Park, at the end of Lombard St, is also in line for a spruce-up.
Lombard St will become Lombard Lane and look vastly different after it gets a $1.5 million makeover.
We can't have dumpsters bringing down the Eva St vibe, so they will be hidden behind this movable screen decorated with the image of a saw - a reference to the timber yard that used to occupy the area.
Leeds St as it looks before its $500,000 Wellington City Council makeover, to be completed by Christmas.
Car parks in the new-look Leeds St will be painted to look like shoe boxes in a nod to old R Hannah & Co shoe factory that used to be a feature of the area.
A "shoelace chandelier" and planting will be a feature of the new Hannah courtyard.
Two large novelty light bulbs will point to the Red Rabbit Coffee Co entrance in the Hannah courtyard.
Eva St as it currently looks, facing south towards the Hannah Courtyard and Leeds St.
How the new-and-improved Eva St will look with a new paint job, walls covered in plants, dozens of flickering overhead lights and a bubble machine.
Move over Melbourne – Wellington's new-look laneways are about to give you a run for your money.
People walking through the city will soon enjoy a new sensory experience as flickering lights, living walls, brightly painted roads and even bubble machines bring some of the capital's darker spaces to life in a big way.
The quirkiest of the Wellington City Council laneway makeovers is quite possibly in Eva and Leeds streets, which connect to each other via the Hannah Courtyard.
WELLINGTON CITY COUNCIL Lombard St will go from being a dim alleyway off Manners St to a thriving shopping area.
About $500,000 will be spent on making the area a living artwork, with an overhead light show, a massive chandelier, giant novelty lightbulbs, themed car parks and a machine shooting bubbles from the Six Barrel Soda Company.
The makeover of Eva and Leeds streets began in October and is on track to be completed before Christmas.
Masons Lane, which links Lambton Quay and The Terrace, is also in the process of being spruced up with new lights, wood panelling and walls covered in plants – to the tune of $220,000.
MAARTEN HOLL/FAIRFAX NZ Lombard St in its current state.
A $1.5 million revamp of Lombard St, which links Manners and Bond streets, is expected to get under way in February, and will bring new life and new businesses to what is currently little more than a dim alleyway.
Trudy Whitlow, the council's manager of urban design and heritage, said there were 72 lanes and arcades in central Wellington and the idea was to liven up as many as possible and connect them up into a funky pedestrian network.
Egmont St, Garrett St, Swan Lane, and Cable Car Lane are already in the queue for a makeover, she said.
"It's all about the experience. Instead of moving down a noisy, busy road, you've got these quirky little spaces."
For each laneway, the idea was to do a modern interpretation of the area's heritage, Whitlow said.
READ MORE:
* Wellington street gets dotty makeover
* Bond St makeover an 'abomination'
* Retail plans for Lombard St well advanced
* Grimy laneway gets some love
The car parks on Leeds St will be painted to look like shoeboxes as a nod to the old Hannah shoe factory, while a chandelier planned for the Hannah Courtyard had been designed to look like shoelaces.
City council urban designer Anna Harley said the laneways had also been designed as ideal spaces for small businesses to set up shop selling artisan products.
"There's a bit of a renaissance at the moment with people living in the central city, and they want these kinds of smaller spaces that are on a more human scale."
Joseph Slater, co-owner of Six Barrel Soda, said he was looking forward to Eva St being tidied up so it was more obvious that things happening there.
"If you're just looking down here, there's a strip club on the corner ... and it looks like a car park with lots of rubbish around. So hopefully some stripes and some lights will make it more inviting."
Councillor Nicola Young, who holds the Central City Projects portfolio, said the capital's proposed laneways were so eye-catching that Melbourne, a city famous for its lanes and arcades, was inquiring about Wellington's ideas.
Wellington Mayor Celia Wade-Brown said the council was looking to brighten up the areas where there has been, or will be, business investment.
"[Wellington] is such a compact and walkable city, but there are some areas that are unnecessarily grotty. This will let people know about these areas and what's there."
Photo by Han Myung-Gu/Zuffa LLC
UFC Fight Night events tend to be the promotion's tool of establishing a presence in new territories left untouched by the MMA juggernaut. These are typically cards littered with local fighters, up-and-comers and the veteran big names reaching the twilight of their glittering careers.
So, when you see there is a Fight Night show taking place in the UFC's undisputed stronghold in Las Vegas, Nevada, it's often a sure sign it's a big event—a gift for MMA fans who will be tuning in to watch the show on Fox Sports free of any pay-per-view fees.
UFC Fight Night: Almeida vs. Garbrandt (otherwise known as UFC Fight Night 88) certainly follows that trend. Hosted at Las Vegas' Mandalay Bay Events Center, the show is headlined by two of the UFC bantamweight division's most exciting talents in the undefeated pairing of Thomas Almeida and Cody Garbrandt, while the rest of the card is filled with exciting fights and intrigue throughout.
Sunday night's show has many ‘sleeper' fights to pick from, such as Aljamain Sterling vs. Bryan Caraway—this card's UFC Fight Pass “main event”—and Renan Barao vs. Jeremy Stephens.
However, the particular fight you should make a concerted effort to catch is the showdown between Strikeforce veterans Jorge “Gamebred” Masvidal and Lorenz “The Monsoon” Larkin.
Both men were among the top names in their respective weightclasses in Strikeforce. At the time, Masvidal competed as a welterweight before dropping down to lightweight, fighting Gilbert Melendez for his title in a losing effort, while Larkin was an undersized middleweight who shone despite the obvious disadvantages he endured. Now, they will both square off at their preferred 170lbs welterweight limit.
There's plenty to play for in this fight. Both men are coming off controversial split decision losses—with Masvidal dropping his decision to Benson Henderson in his final UFC outing before defecting to Bellator and Larkin losing a razor-thin decision to fearsome Russian Albert Tumenov.
Photo by Josh Hedges/Zuffa LLC
Larkin's move to welterweight was prompted by going 1-4 as a UFC middleweight. But, despite the close loss to Tumenov, which moved his record to 16-5 (1NC), the Californian has been revitalised as a welterweight, beating two tough 170-pounders in John Howard and Santiago Ponzinibbio by TKO—earning Performance of the Night and Fight of the Night honors in the process.
In past fights, The Monsoon's Achilles heel has typically reared its ugly head when he has been taken down to the mat. This was amplified somewhat by competing in a middleweight division which is very grappling and wrestling-centric with bigger opponents. His ground game is by no means poor. But, it's obvious where Larkin's preference lies in terms of where he wants the fight to go while possessing such serious KO power—punching power that is proven by his ten previous KO victims in his professional career.
Meanwhile, Masvidal, who boasts a record of 29-10, is the more rounded fighter of the two. Gamebred has been accused of being a slow starter in the past—exemplified by 16 of his wins and seven of his losses coming by decision. But, he has 11 KO victories to his credit and his technical boxing skills are nothing to be sniffed at.
Speaking to the press, both men have offered parallel answers when asked about each other: this is going to be a bloody fight.
When talking to MMAjunkie Radio, Larkin offered six simple words that pretty much summarize both men's thoughts: “It should be fun. I'm ready.” He continues: “He's a durable fighter. There's not too many fighters out there like that. I've never seen him break, and that's hard, in itself. He's just a great fighter. He's ready to bring it.
“When you kind of look at the fight game, there are a lot of good fighters, but there's not too many fighters that can keep chipping away and get hit with hard shots and keep coming. To me, he's one of those fighters. Robbie (Lawler) is one of those fighters. Those fighters are hard to come by. You don't know who it is until they really come across somebody where they're going to have to bite down and go for it. So, he's a durable guy.”
Masvidal echoed those sentiments shared by Larkin: “I'm definitely excited about the fight. I don't think he's going to be running around and trying to just score points; he's going to come to fight. That's what I'm hoping for, at least. It's going to be a good scrap.”
This match-up truly has all the makings of a fantastic, enthralling fight. Both men aren't hesitant to get into a fist fight, they are super motivated to right the wrongs suffered in their last contests and they could be fighting to salvage their UFC careers in this modern era of the promotion's revolving door roster.
The fighters who successfully made the transition from Strikeforce to the UFC have put on some great fights so far. This is a bout between two of the now-defunct promotion's alumni and is guaranteed fireworks. Be sure not to miss it.
Check out this related story:
Jorge Masvidal's Dad Got Lost at Sea While Defecting From Cuba
Never betray your friends to court the favor of your enemies. If you betray your friends, the most principled and perceptive among them will drop you, leaving only the delusional and venal. That is not a good trade, given that the approval you gain is bound to be fleeting and contingent, whereas the contempt and distrust you create will be permanent. The people you betrayed may come back to you out of sentimentality or self-interest, but their trust and respect will never return. They will always regard you as a traitor.
Why is such a simple lesson so hard for politicians to understand?
Donald Trump's dizzying about-face on Syria has won the temporary applause of his enemies, but he has forever lost the respect of his most ardent supporters on the Alt Right, the people who actually believe in and defend his nationalist-populist message, including his America First foreign policy.
I thought Trump's willingness to fight a two-front war against the Democrats and his own party was sufficient proof that he was sincere about his America First foreign policy. But he ditched it at its first real test.
I no longer trust Donald Trump.
But it is worse than that. I no longer like or respect Trump either. Trump didn't just betray us. He betrayed us over something utterly stupid. We've seen this all before. We've seen pictures of dead or injured Syrian children on CNN (although not the victims of US-backed forces). We've heard stories of Assad “gassing his own people.” We've seen the same vulgar emotional manipulation and ginned-up storms of social signaling. We've been asked to start wars based on what some little Syrian Anne Frank allegedly says on Twitter. We know that the press, politicians, and intelligence agencies behind this are trying to topple Assad. We know that they are liars, because they are the same people who lied to get us into the Iraq War. And Trump has seen it all too. He knew better. We know he knew better, because of a long history of Tweets about Syria, which now make him look like a feckless hypocrite. So for him to fall for the warmongers this time frankly makes me question his intelligence, his character, even his sanity.
Beyond that, attacking Assad exacerbates our problems. We want Assad to win this war. We want him to destroy ISIS and other Islamist terrorist groups. We want peace and stability in Syria, so we can send millions of refugees back home, whether they want to go or not. And we certainly do not want heightened tensions with Russia.
Furthermore, Trump's intervention in Syria is now being used as an argument to admit more Syrian refugees.
Then, there's the little problem that Trump's strike was unconstitutional. Wouldn't it be poetic if Trump gave the establishment the Syrian war they have been trying to start for years — as well as grounds for impeaching him before he manages to slip up and do something good for America?
Finally, why are we even debating retaliations for atrocities committed by Syrians in Syria? Obviously, because no matter what side you come down on, Jews and Israel benefit. They benefit when we actually promote chaos and regime change in Syria. And they benefit even if we end up doing nothing, simply because we're not debating, say, retaliating for atrocities committed against whites by Muslims all over Europe, or against whites by blacks in South Africa, or against whites by mestizo invaders in America. Let's debate regime change in South Africa or Germany or Sweden or Mexico, shall we?
Or better yet, why not focus on America First? Trump has his work cut out for him effecting regime change in Washington, DC.
Some have suggested that Trump changed his Syrian policy out of Machiavellian calculations:
To impress/intimidate the President of China, who was dining with him in Florida
To impress/intimidate Putin, to make him more tractable in future negotiations
To undermine the “Trump is beholden to Putin/the Russians ‘hacked' the election” narrative that Democrats have been pushing because they are incapable of taking responsibility for Hillary Clinton's disastrous candidacy
To placate Jewish warmongers and their lapdogs like McCain, Rubio, and Graham, as well as their chorus of media shills
To get his faltering Presidency back on track by doing something popular with the establishment that opposes him
To convince the world that he is a dangerous madman, to make other powers more tractable to US designs
We are also told that the ineffectual nature of the strike was actually part of the plan. The Syrians and Russians were forewarned, expensive equipment was removed, etc. Missiles were allegedly deactivated in flight. (Certainly more comforting than believing that Russian technology shot a lot of them down.) Trump does not want to actually harm Assad. There was no risk of escalation with Russia or Iran. Trump just wants to do one or all of the above.
Frankly, I'm not buying it. None of these theories are half as clever as purported.
Russia and China would not be impressed or intimidated by a mere expensive fireworks display that risked nothing. But if Trump tried to hurt Assad and failed, that is hardly impressive or intimidating either, and saving face would require escalation, perhaps into outright war.
If Trump warned the Russians and Syrians and did nothing to hurt Assad, it would support, not undermine, the Trump-Russia collusion narrative. It is a meme that the Democrats would rather court nuclear war than take responsibility for their own failure. If Trump actually tried to hurt Assad and risked real escalation with Russia, one has to ask: Is it worth a nuclear war to shut these people's lying mouths? Trump would have to be mad to think so.
If the establishment can get Trump to do its bidding by blocking his policies, it will only continue to stymie Trump until more Danegeld is extorted. Trump surely knows better. It is far too early to declare Trump's administration a failure. Realistically, I expected him to be stymied by liberals and cucks for a full two years, until the 2018 elections. Trump was never deterred by bad press. How many times was he declared finished in the primaries and election? He didn't listen before, so why would he start now?
Trump has already convinced a significant percentage of the world that he is a dangerous madman. But the Syria pivot does not support that perception. It supports the conclusion that he is a mercurial, hypocritical buffoon who cannot be trusted to maintain his most basic promises. How, exactly, does that make him a more formidable negotiator?
The most plausible explanation for the Syria pivot comes from Seventh Son at The Daily Shoah (Episode #145). When Trump was asked about the gas attack by a reporter at the news conference with King Abdullah of Jordan, he saw it as an opportunity for abusing Obama as a weak little girl for declaring a red line in Syria and then backing down when Assad crossed it rather than acting decisively. When asked if this attack crossed any red lines for him, Trump of course had to agree and amplify, lest he too be a weak little girl like Obama.
In short, Trump painted himself into a corner with his big mouth, his adolescent Alpha posturing, and his fixation on denigrating Obama, and since acknowledging mistakes has never been Trump's strong suit, it was child's play for the establishment to spring into action and funnel him into launching airstrikes. The politicians, pundits, and masses are well-programmed with Jewish talking points. All they needed was an opening, then all the tools started whirring for war.
Let's hope that Trump has realized his mistake and decides to declare victory and turn back to real priorities. Let's hope that the other players in this game, like Syria, Russia, and Iran let him.
I think Seventh Son's analysis is correct, and it helps us decode Trump's whole foreign policy. For a long time, we on the Alt Right were scratching our heads about the great anomaly in Trump's America First platform, namely Iran. Trump constantly repeated the rankest, most gefilte-fishy neocon talking points on Obama's Iran deal, which threatened to cause a terrifying outbreak of peace in the region. My hypothesis was that Trump took this stance simply to contradict and abuse Obama.
But, goyische kopf that I am, I assumed that the rest of Trump's foreign policy — the stuff I agreed with, of course — was sincere. Now I am not so sure. Is Trump's entire foreign policy agenda simply based on negating Obama's? What about his domestic policy agenda? Does Trump base his policies not on a sober assessment of what is good for America, but simply on some sort of egomaniacal desire to one-up and put down Barack Obama and his ilk? Granted, doing the opposite of Obama and Hillary is generally a good guide to policy. But you'd have to be an overgrown adolescent chimpanzee to run a country that way. Could this be why Donald Trump is idolized by rappers?
If this is the Trump code, you can bet I am not the first one to crack it. Which means that the establishment now knows how to play Trump. History is one long record of the triumph of the cunning over the macho. Which means that all bets are off for the MAGA agenda. Sure, we might still get some of what he promised, but now a new enemy has emerged from the shadows, perhaps the most formidable one yet: no, not the “Deep State,” but Donald Trump's own adolescent egomania. (Yes, I know cat ladies have been saying this for years, but they say that about anyone with a scrotum, so they are not to be taken seriously.)
For the Alt Right, it's Mourning in America. We believed in this guy. We liked this guy. And now he just seems stupid. Frankly, so do we. The day Trump launched his strike, I received the proof copy of my new book In Defense of Prejudice, and I cringed my way through the chapters on Trump. Sure, I can tell myself that it was still right to support him, that Trump is still better than Hillary. So why is he enacting Hillary's foreign policy? Maybe Martin Heidegger really was the last philosopher with sound political judgment.
I'm a little suspicious at how quickly we on the Alt Right moved to condemn Trump. As soon as I heard that missiles had been fired, my feelings changed completely. The cloud of confusion and anxiety that was building over the previous days suddenly erupted in lightning and thunder. It was a catharsis.
But in truth this break has been a long time in coming. I think that we all felt that Trump was faltering out of the gate, especially with the health care bill. And when people feel that a relationship is doomed, it is quite common to search for a principled pretext to give it a coup de grâce and move forward. It is psychologically easier that way. One maintains one's sense of agency, which is an important component of one's self-worth. In short, it is just another case of what I call honorable defeatism. In this case, however, it is a good thing, for two reasons.
First, a lot of us were too emotionally invested in Trump. I thought I had a pretty realistic view of Trump, but this betrayal still came as a brutal blow. It must be a lot worse for the souls who actually thought the Alt Right was responsible for putting Trump into office, who felt that we owned a piece of him. The Alt Right's relationship with Trump was always a one-way man crush, based largely on projections. Ending such a relationship is a healthy thing.
Second, it helps us refocus on our mission. When Trump was elected, I argued that the Alt Right needs to see itself as Trump's loyal opposition, the opposition that wants him to succeed in spite of himself. After all, Trump is not one of us. He's a populist and a civic nationalist with generally good instincts. But he's not terribly articulate or intellectual, which is one reason he seems to have been so easily misled by the Jews and cuckservatives that opportunistically crowded into his administration. It is our job to offer an intellectually sound and emotionally compelling case for nationalist populism, to help Trump advance his policies, and to help as many Trump supporters as possible advance beyond them to White Nationalism.
Now that the God Emperor has fallen to earth, we need to remind ourselves that Trump was never the end game. He was — and remains — an immense opportunity to smash the current globalist establishment and unleash nationalist, populist, and racialist forces that will be raging into the future, long after Trump is dead. It is our movement, not Trump, that represents the real long-term interests of our race, and we have to start acting like it.
If you delight in the drag arts, you know no one's made more of an impression in 2015 than Yekaterina Petrovna Zamolodchikova, professionally known as Katya, also known as "Mom" and "America's Sweatiest Performer." Her elimination from this season of RuPaul's Drag Race caused a tsunami of inchoate rage from the Twitterverse, as no one else had come close to connecting with audiences via personality and shamelessness to the extent that she had.
Though the crown was not to be hers, other paths lay open. Funny, perceptive and fearless when it came to pushing boundaries (shark leg realness for days), she was the breakout star of Season 7, despite only winning Miss Congeniality when les jeux finally sont faits. Hailing from Boston, she pulled herself up from the grimy streets and proceeded to make them her own in a quest to serve up a special blend of glitter and gutter for all to luxuriate in.
Katya spoke with the Scene recently in preparation for her show Friday night at Play Dance Bar here in Nastyville. (A longer version of this interview appears online at nashvillescene.com.)
Going back to your Perestroika days in the mean streets of Boston, are you saddened by the closing of T.T. The Bear's? (Nashville equivalent for local readers: The Basement, except people actually dance.) And were you ever part of the crew at Heroes or Videodrome Discotheque? That crew is my crew! Chris Ewen of Heroes and Blythe Russo and Craig McNeil of Videodrome are a huge part of my drag life in Boston. They supported me, booked me for their gigs, and came to my show all the time. They are the reason I had so much fun performing and being a part of the scene in Boston. It's so rare to have people in the club scene like Chris, Craig and Blythe, who are really good at what they do and are genuine, nice people. I love them so much, and it's such a bummer that TT's is closing. Nightlife in Boston is in danger, it seems.
Sadly, it's like that everywhere. What was the moment that brought your character into focus? What made "Russian sex worker/Faith Hill impersonator chic" crystallize for you? And did Boston weather have anything to do with it? I had been learning Russian for fun, and I based the character off my teacher. I love languages, and I love learning about different cultures. I also love food, and the people who eat it. Boston has a huge Russian community, so it was really easy for me to find them and follow them around. In Brookline, you can see old Russian couples taking their evening stroll together. You'll know they're Russian because the woman will have fiery dyed-red hair, the man will look pensive, and they'll be looking down and not talking to each other.
Have you had any interactions with the Russian community? Would you say their responses lean more toward appreciative or concerned? In the beginning, whenever I would meet a Russian person I would start reciting poetry by Anna Akhmatova. They did not seem to mind, but they also didn't seem to enjoy it, which to me seems very Russian.
Does the road/scheduling/environment/odd hours of your work schedule sometimes feel at odds with your sobriety? I thought it would, but ultimately the sobriety ends up supporting the tough schedule and long hours on the road. I can get four hours of sleep for several nights in a row, and because I'm not dealing with hangovers or coming down from ecstasy, it's manageable. I'm not really tempted to drink or party when I'm at a gig, but mostly because I'm not that kind of girl. I never just had a few drinks and a bump for a good time. I'm the girl who will take a wheelbarrow full of cocaine home and you won't hear from me for three weeks. So I'm very aware that I'm able to experience all these amazing opportunities because I am sober, and I am not going to jeopardize that. I'm having the time of my life. I also love food.
Given the time and effort you've put into character work, are you interested in film and stage acting, and is that something the public can look forward to? Oh, definitely — I mean, I hope so. One of my dreams is to produce a sketch show that's kind of a cross between Saturday Night Live, Twin Peaks and Forrest Gump — but with all drag queens. Maybe not all drag queens, but you get the idea. Yes, I would love to act. I'm not very good at it right now, but I am a student of life, and if there's good food involved, I'm down. I'm also working on a one-woman show right now that's a series of vignettes by different characters. I wanted to call it "Love Stories From My Vagina," but my manager won't let me.
They're so strict. How does it feel being America's most beloved pansexual icon/trash goddess? It feels like I am finally trudging barefoot through the muddy road of my destiny. I don't fuck pans, though.
What advice do you have for anyone who is letting shame and/or tentativeness hold them back? Just be yourself! And if no one likes that — change!
That article in Forbes about drag branding and DragCon pretty much said that major corporations could learn from you specifically how to build and keep a fanbase. How do you react to something like that? Well, first I get a boner, then I do that cartoony thing where my eyes spring back and forth out of my head, and then I just say, "I'm very humbled." I think one of the keys to growing and keeping a fanbase is identifying the fans who are the most obsessive and mentally ill and inviting them to sell merch for you on the road. Also have a great Twitter presence, wipe front to back, and then the story just kind of writes itself.
Last but not least, what's the most inspiringly nasty thing a fan has made or done for you? I get the best gifts — I mean, incredible gifts. They are too many to mention, but recently this lovely girl Laura from Scotland wrote, illustrated and printed a children's book about me and my terrible wigs. So nasty and so rude, and so inspired. I still don't fully grasp the concept that I have fans. It's so bizarre! But as long as those little horseshits keep sending me gifts, I will keep doing drag.
Katya Zamolodchikova performs at Play Dance Bar Sept. 18.
Email arts@nashvillescene.com
President Obama said in response to the Oregon shooting that “each time we see one of these mass shootings, our thoughts and prayers are not enough” and that more gun legislation is needed in a speech at the White House Thursday. (RELATED: Mass Shooting At Community College In Oregon)
Obama suggested, “It cannot be this easy for someone who wants to inflict harm on other people to get his or her hands on a gun.”
He lamented, “the United States of America is the one advanced nation on earth in which we do not have sufficient common sense gun safety laws even in the face of repeated mass killings.”
Barack Obama: But as I said just a few months ago, and I said a few months before that, and I said each time we see one of these mass shootings, our thoughts and prayers are not enough. It's not enough. It does not capture the heartache and grief and anger that we should feel. And it does nothing to prevent this carnage from being inflicted some place else in America, next week or a couple of months from now. We don't yet know why this individual did what he did and it's fair to say that anyone who does this has a sickness in their minds. Regardless of what they think their motivations may be. But we are not the only country on earth with people with mental illnesses or who want to do harm to other people. We are the only advanced country on earth that sees these kinds of mass shootings every few months. You know, earlier this year, I answered a question in an interview by saying the United States of America is the one advanced nation on earth in which we do not have sufficient common sense gun safety laws even in the face of repeated mass killings. And later that day, there was a mass shooting at a movie theater in Lafayette, Louisiana. That day. Somehow this has become routine. The reporting is routine. My response here at this podium ends up being routine. The conversation in the aftermath of it, we've become numb to this. We talked about this after Columbine and Blacksburg, after Tucson, after Newtown, after Aurora, after Charleston. It cannot be this easy for someone who wants to inflict harm on other people to get his or her hands on a gun. And what's become routine, of course, is the response to those who are opposed to any gun control legislation.
Follow Steve on Twitter
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Just 28% of Turkish women participate in the workforce
Turkey is gearing up for a general election on 7 June and women are pushing to make gender equality an issue.
Activists are calling for more female participation in politics and working life.
Only 14% of all MPs in the last parliament were women, and almost half of Turkey's cities have no female representation.
Only 28% of Turkish women participate in the workforce, compared with the European Union average of 63%.
Meanwhile Turkey ranks 125 out of 140 countries in the Global Gender Gap Index 2014, published by the World Economic Forum.
And in recent months, the country has been shaken by news of women being murdered, prompting calls to do more to tackle gender-based violence.
'Dragging their feet'
More than 100 women have been killed by men in Turkey since the beginning of this year, local media report. Figures show that the murders of women have been rising for the last three years.
The rise in murders is also symptomatic of a wider problem with domestic and sexual violence.
Turkey made no progress in reducing domestic violence between 2008 and 2014, according to the Domestic Violence Against Women Report 2014 (in Turkish).
The report said almost 40% of women in Turkey had been physically abused at least once in their lifetime. One in 10 had been also subjected to sexual violence by their partner, it added.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The murder of a young woman named Ozgecan Aslan prompted protests in Istanbul in February
Gulsum Kav, from the campaign group We Will Stop Murders of Women, says that politicians - overwhelmingly male - are dragging their feet on pressing issues.
"The laws to protect women are in place but they are not implemented," she told the BBC.
"Police and the judiciary are resisting and there is no real political will in Turkey to put pressure on them."
Headscarves and opportunities
Recent statements made by leading male politicians have also raised doubts about their commitment to improving women's rights in Turkey.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan sparked anger last year when he said "women and men are not equal". Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu also suggested that the best career option for women was motherhood.
Meanwhile, the debate about Muslim headscarves has long been a touchstone for women's rights in Turkey.
Image copyright AP Image caption President Erdoğan has said that headscarves are a matter of individual freedom
Some argue that the government's lifting of a ban on wearing headscarves in state institutions in 2013 has given women more freedom.
Leyla Sahin Usta, who wears a headscarf and is running for parliament for the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP), says the move changed her life.
"I was kicked out of the medical school because of my headscarf and could only complete my studies abroad. After the ban was lifted, women with headscarves were reborn," she said.
"We became equal with other women in Turkey and have the same employment opportunities."
More women in politics
Activists say having more women in politics would help resolve many of the questions around gender equality.
"In a country like Turkey where women face many problems, it is essential that they have strong representation in parliament to address the inequalities they suffer on a daily basis," Gonul Kahraman, chair of the Association for Support of Women Candidates (KA-DER), told the BBC.
KA-DER predicts that women's representation could increase to around 18% in the next parliament, which it says is far from adequate.
Filiz Kerestecioglu, a parliamentary candidate with the pro-Kurdish, leftist People's Democratic Party, says Turkey has seen enough of male politics and she wants to become an MP to ensure that laws to protect women are implemented effectively.
"The current political discourse is encouraging men to be violent against women," she says.
"It would be impossible to eradicate the dominant mindset instantly, but I believe we will have bigger gains if there are more women in the assembly."
BBC Monitoring reports and analyses news from TV, radio, web and print media around the world. You can follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
Police are investigating another shooting that took place Wednesday night at the Turtle Creek Apartments off of White Bluff Road. Two bullet holes in a door are evidence that something went wrong Wednesday night.
According to investigators, a man walked away from some sort of disagreement with another individual and entered his apartment. Officers said that is when the suspect shot through the door of the apartment, hitting the man in the shoulder.
Police say the victim likely knew the suspect. The victim was taken to the hospital with non-life-threatening injuries and is expected to be OK.
This is the third shooting on Savannah's south side in three days.
On Monday night, 21-year-old Rebecca Foley was shot and killed while pulling into her south side Apartment Complex.
On Tuesday night, 17-year-old Evan Colquitt was shot several tiems in the chest outside his Windsor Forest home.
All three shootings were within a mile of each other, two of them were right next store to one another.
BAYONNE — Royal Caribbean cruises isn't letting Hurricane Irene get in its way.
According to the cruise company's website, Explorer of the Seas is still planning to depart from Bayonne for Bermuda at 4:00 p.m. today, one hour earlier than originally scheduled. Guests are instructed to arrive at Cape Liberty no later than 3:00 p.m.
President Obama and Gov. Chris Christie have both declared a state of emergency for New Jersey. Atlantic, Cape May, Monmouth and Ocean counties have all seen mandatory and voluntary evacuations in preparation for the storm, which is set to hit early Sunday morning.
The company has canceled a cruise headed to the Bahamas, which was impacted by the storm. The company says they will update their website with further information at 10 a.m. today.
More Hurricane Irene coverage:
• Hurricane Irene: Latest N.J. update - 8 a.m. Saturday
• Seaside Heights quiet as Hurricane Irene gets closer
• N.J. is only hours from starting to feel effects of Hurricane Irene
• NJ Transit, PATH to halt service Saturday
• Atlantic City casinos shut down
• Hurricane Survival Guide
How the Original Boob Scarf came to life:
Back in mid 2009, I had an idea for a friend that blossomed into an item people wanted to know where they could get one! It had not occurred to me to sell them, but with much prompting I began selling on etsy. The sales started coming and the rest is history. 2017 - 8 years later, they're still selling like hot cakes!!
Over the years I've discovered that these little guys are not only hits for the holidays, but also are big when it comes to breast cancer awareness events, as my buyers tell me. Many of my scarves have been worn for large events such as Avon & Susan G. Komen Races, but also make a big impact when gifted to a breast cancer survivor. I'm proud to say that I've donated multiple scarves for auctions held to promote awareness, and also $1 per scarf I sell is donated toward finding a cure. I've supported teams and individuals, you name it. I feel good about that.
And my scarves have also become part of the "uniform" for the ladies that run The Milk Truck. Women that help to promote breastfeeding. If you've never seen a picture of their humorous yet adorable truck, you need to check them out at www.themilktruck.org
It floors me to think my creation is being worn not only here in the U.S., but also all around the world! There are so many neat people out there, and this provides me an avenue to meet residents in Ireland, Australia, Canada, Japan, etc. that I'd otherwise never gotten to know! I feel lucky for this.
On January 8, 2013, The Original Boob Scarf was on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno! I was contacted and asked to send a scarf and so I sent two! Hearts were pounding with excitement as I watched Jay model the scarf and make jokes about it, that was great fun! Thank you Mr. Leno for the boost in our sales!! :)
Which leads me to The Doggie Boob Scarf. My faithful companion, Jack, generally lays at my feet as I sew. Oh man I LOVE this dog. He sits and stares at me with adoring eyes and his little tongue pokes out and my heart melts! After cutting out my scarves, I had some fabric left that I had just planned on tossing in the trash. Until I looked at Jack and realized it would make the perfect sized scarf for him! That's when The Doggie Boob Scarf was born and Jack became an overnight internet sensation.
Years later, I am still making the scarf, true to day one. I love what I do and am proud of each scarf I sew, wrap and ship off into the world. So if you are looking to buy my scarf, or already have .... THANK YOU!! from the bottom of my heart. I so appreciate you.
Adrian Wojnarowski explains how LeBron James' strategy to keep the Cavaliers guessing about his commitment might impact his ability to win this season. (2:18)
As the Cleveland Cavaliers deliberate on deals to move All-Star guard Kyrie Irving, the franchise is operating under a self-prescribed mandate: presume a future without LeBron James.
The Cavs aren't giving up on the possibility of re-signing James next summer, but they are no longer investing blind faith in the hope he will stay. For James, a reluctance to commit comes with an emerging set of complications. Beyond Irving's decision to ask for a trade, Cleveland has determined that it's unwilling to simply be reactive to James' possible departure.
Of course, Cavaliers officials prefer to re-sign James to a long-term deal and chase titles together into his twilight, but the Cavs are treating his unwillingness to commit as a call to protect themselves long term in the Irving trade, league sources said.
Owner Dan Gilbert and general manager Koby Altman want James to commit before building around him, and James largely wants to see the Cavaliers execute a plan before committing to them.
Cleveland's case for commitment is this: We've had the highest payroll in the NBA, run luxury-tax bills north of $75 million since James' return. Trust our commitment to winning.
James' case for hesitancy is this: Accomplished GM David Griffin is gone, replaced with Altman, a young, unproven executive.
James sees a summer in which the franchise failed to make a deal for Paul George and failed to close the gap on Golden State. Ultimately, liberation born of that 2016 Cleveland championship allows James and the organization to take these disparate paths.
James can leave again, because the Cavaliers won a title. Gilbert can threaten to embark on a soft rebuild in James' final season, because the Cavaliers won a title.
Cleveland has to prepare for a future that might not include LeBron James and Kyrie Irving. Bill Streicher-USA TODAY Sports
The process of building out the franchise's roster long term has accelerated with Irving's trade request. The Cavaliers have witnessed James' exit strategy twice -- once to leave Cleveland and once to return -- and the Irving trade request has left them unwilling to squander the opportunity to replenish young assets on a roster that could be crippled in a post-James Cavaliers era that is stocked with high-priced veterans.
The Cavaliers find themselves far more fixated on a young star, including New York's Kristaps Porzingis, Boston's Jayson Tatum, Phoenix's Josh Jackson and Denver's Jamal Murray, league sources told ESPN.
The Golden State Warriors have affected the way the NBA and its stars do business, and no one -- not even a franchise that possesses the generation's greatest player -- wants to be left compromised long term for what's a fleeting chance to beat Golden State in the short term.
Cleveland is determined to get an elite young player for Irving, which means this: The trade plan that the Cavaliers would have prioritized, with James committed for the long term -- veterans to surround James and draft picks -- isn't in motion. If the Cavaliers knew they had James committed, for example, San Antonio could emerge as a more intriguing trade partner. The Spurs have interest in Irving, league sources say, and Irving's willingness to commit to an extension with the Spurs makes for legitimate win-now deal possibilities for Cleveland. Without James beyond next season, though, the likes of LaMarcus Aldridge, Tony Parker and Danny Green hold no appeal.
Boston has expressed interest in Irving and could offer the best combination of short-term (Isaiah Thomas and Jae Crowder) and long-term (Jaylen Brown, Tatum, picks) assets. The Celtics have made no formal offer, and it is against Boston's front-office DNA to push out front with the most generous offer. Boston knows that Cleveland is mostly intrigued with Tatum, but the sides have not formally discussed that deal, league sources said.
This Irving trade process has been deliberate, and teams believe that the Cavaliers expect more aggressive conversations in September, closer to the start of training camps. Porzingis has emerged as a primary Cleveland target, but that's a conversation that can occur only with Cleveland's willingness to unburden the Knicks of the three years and $55 million left on Joakim Noah's contract. For now, the conversation is a nonstarter for the Knicks, league sources said.
For the right All-Star player, though -- Irving or otherwise -- multiple NBA teams are seriously questioning how emphatic of a "no" that will stay for New York. There continues to be distance between Porzingis and the organization, and how the Knicks truly value Porzingis' future could become clearer once they're together to begin the season.
Milwaukee has shown interest in Irving, too, league sources said, but there isn't that one young star -- of course, Giannis Antetokounmpo is untouchable -- who makes sense for Cleveland.
When Irving's trade request became public in mid-July, there was internal hope that the news would stir the market to furnish Cleveland with a return that could deliver impact to the 2017-18 season with James, as well as the possibility of a future without him. That hasn't happened, and it's become clear that Irving isn't commanding that kind of robust return on the market.
Between now and the inevitable Irving trade, Cleveland officials will make a choice on what the franchise values most -- It's today or its tomorrow. Without a commitment to stay, without the presumption of a future together, LeBron James could be left in a most unfamiliar position: out of championship contention in Cleveland, counting the days until goodbye.
The Berejiklian government is refusing to explain how it will implement its remaining council merger policy, leaving at least one Sydney council assuming the government has quietly dropped plans for more forced mergers.
The prospect of the bungled council merger policy remaining unresolved for another year or more is unnerving government MPs, and leading to discussions about how to fix the issue prior to the 2019 state election.
The Berejiklian government has put no clear plan forward. Credit:Peter Rae
The Minister for Local Government, Vaucluse MP Gabrielle Upton has, through media statements, repeatedly affirmed the government is "committed to the remaining mergers", which have been delayed due to legal action.
But the minister has refused to explain how this will occur, leaving councils shrouded in uncertainty as they prepare for elections in September.
The American Museum of Natural History has long been on the front lines of the climate change discussion, as its scientists study the potential damage and its educators try to alert new generations to the dangers of global warming.
The depth of that mission is evident in the numerous exhibitions at this Manhattan museum, like the film “Wonders of the Arctic,” which is on view through March 2. “The polar bear has always been the symbol of the Arctic,” the narrator intones. “Now it's become the face of climate change and the threat it poses.”
But one of the museum's leaders, a trustee who is also an important donor to the institution, Rebekah Mercer, has been using her family's millions to fund organizations that question climate change, a cornerstone of the conservative agenda she is advancing as an influential member of President-elect Donald J. Trump's transition team.
In recent years the Mercer Family Foundation — which Ms. Mercer operates with her father, the New York investor Robert Mercer — has given nearly $8 million to organizations including the Heartland Institute in Illinois, a group that rejects the scientific consensus on climate change. She is also on the board of the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank that is skeptical of whether human behavior causes climate change.
More than half a year after writing a controversial story that unwittingly outed Olympic athletes competing in the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, The Daily Beast's London editor Nico Hines finally addressed the outrage on Monday in an open letter titled, “An Apology: What I've Learned.”
“Seven months ago, The Daily Beast ran a story of mine that should have never been conceived, written, or published,” Hines wrote in the letter, published in The Daily Beast. “For that, I am deeply sorry.”
In the apology, Hines admitted he did not ask his subjects for consent to be involved in the story and acknowledged his reporting may have endangered the lives of some closeted athletes. He also admitted his story “intruded on the lives of people who had a right to be left alone.”
The letter ended with an editor's note announcing Hines' return to his full-time position as senior editor at the outlet “following a lengthy period of intense reflection.”
For some, the apology was long overdue. Cyd Zeigler, co-founder of Outsports, a sports news website focusing on LGBTQ issues, rebuked Hines' apology with his own open letter that pointed out that it took Hines seven days to write his original piece, but seven months to issue a formal apology.
“This could have largely been avoided by an empathetic, heart-felt apology last August,” Zeigler wrote. “Now it just looks like you wanted your job back and had to put out this academic press release to get there.”
To recap: Hines, a straight writer, used several dating apps to write a story that exposed the dating and sex habits of athletes during the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro in August. Among the dating apps Hines used was Grindr, an app designed specifically for men who have sex with men.
The resulting story, “The Other Olympic Sport In Rio: Swiping,” originally provided descriptions of the athletes, including weight, height and countries of origin, which could have been used to identify them ― and backlash ensued. People were especially outraged that Hines' story could have endangered athletes from countries like Russia and Jamaica, where it's dangerous for people to be openly LGBTQ.
In response, The Daily Beast's editors removed from the piece any identifying characteristics in an attempt to protect the athletes' identity. Then, they scrubbed the article from their website altogether, announcing its removal with a formal apology from “the editors” (no names attached), who admitted they were wrong.
So @NicoHines basically just outed a bunch of athletes in his quest to write a shitty @thedailybeast article where he admitted to entrapment — Gus Kenworthy (@guskenworthy) August 11, 2016
Outing closeted LGBTQ people isnt journalism. Its criminal level attention seeking and puts their lives in danger.
Shame on you @NicoHines. — Cole Ledford (@ColeLedford11) August 11, 2016
In his personal apology, Hines admitted that he wrote the story with a privilege that “distorted” his worldview and said he was “insensitive to the fears that constantly grip some people's lives.”
He also acknowledged that he intruded in a safe space ― the Grindr app ― and, by publishing his story, reinforced one of the reasons members of the LGBTQ community can't trust society at large.
“For anyone who was left in fear for their safety back home, I am truly sorry,” Hines wrote.
His open letter appears to be the first time the London-based journalist has publicly responded to the backlash from his original story. In fact, Hines' Twitter account, which still identifies him as an editor for The Daily Beast, has been silent since Aug. 10, 2016 ― one day before his controversial piece was published.
His apology seemed to satisfy a few people on Twitter, who viewed it as sincere.
Nico Hines apologizes and honestly, it seems sincere and should be made into a handout for how to apologize. https://t.co/DEiJVCEm4N — Anthony Oliveira (@meakoopa) March 21, 2017
However, many more people thought Hines' apology took way too long to be considered genuine.
HOLD ON. Does that mean @thedailybeast is keeping @NicoHines? He should never be allowed to work again after what he did. — Harris Robinowich (@callmehurris) March 21, 2017
Nico Hines, your window for apologizing for your horrific Olympics "article" was seven hours later, not seven months. https://t.co/UUHHB2Vic9 — Jeremiah Peterson (@ichbinmiah) March 21, 2017
Hey @NicoHines, it literally took 7 months for you to apologize. https://t.co/sDMh56wTQw — A Real Bore Vidal (@kevinjn) March 21, 2017
In the letter's editors note, The Daily Beast said Hines returned to work at the publication on Monday, but it is not clear whether the outlet suspended Hines after the story was published in August or he took a leave of absence.
Now with 20% more colors! And Pinkie Pie still breaking the fourth wall. Double breaking even actually!
--- --- --- --- --- ---
I'm still struggling with my newest drawing and my attempt to finish it with Paint.NET or Inkscape/Ponyscape. So I decided to realise my plans of coloring some of my NATG III-drawings and started with Snuggle struggle (grey). I brightened up and printed one of the outline versions of the original drawing that I scanned before I "colored"/greyed it and used these paled outlines as a basis.
This way I can also get additional practice with my watercolor pencils. Of which I bought some more again after I started this drawing and when realised that I can't get all the colors right, especially for Twili. That's why her coat is a bit "dirty" and uneven and, if you look closely, her mane has a different color than the tail. I uploaded an overview of all my pencils to my scrapbook and will add the list of colors I used here later.
/*Edit: So let's do this, before I completely forget what colors I used.
- Fluttershy mane / Pinkie Pie coat: 129 - pink madder lake
- Fluttershy coat: 102 - cream
- Fluttershy eyes: 276 - chrome oxide green fiery
- Applejack coat: 111 - cadmium orange
- Applejack mane: 102 - cream + 107 - cardmium yellow
- Applejack eyes: 112 - leaf green + 163 - emerald green
- Pinkie Pie eyes: 140 - light ultramarine
- Rarity coat: 230 - warm grey I
- Rarity mane: 141 - delft blue + 133 - magenta + 160 - manganese violet + some others for the gradients
- Rarity eyes: 140 - light ultramarine + 120 - ultramarine
- Twilight Sparkle coat: 141 - delft blue + 127 - light carmine
- Twilight Sparkle mane: I don't even remember..., for the tail: 247 - indanthrene blue and 160 - manganese violet and 127 - light carmine for the stripes
- Twilight Sparkle eyes: 160 - manganese violet, I guess
- everypony pupil: 199 - black
- everypony eye reflections and to some extent eye balls: 101 - white
- Red circles: 219 - deep scarlet red
- Yellow circles: 107 - cadmium yellow
- Green circles: 112 - leaf green
- Blue circles: 120 - ultramarine, I think
- and most important of all, the mat: 187 - light yellow ochre with very little pressure. Because you can't draw any picture without yellow ochre.
*/
Besides the pencils I used two brushes with water (of course...) and the india ink pencils in the end for the outlines. Only the text and the "speech balloon lines" are added with Paint.NET, everything else is traditional as usual.
I like the result. I already liked the original pencil drawing, but I think it really looks even better with colors.
Now it's time for Baumkuchen. If you don't know what Baumkuchen is gone google it, get it and become happy!
--- --- --- --- --- ---
My Little Pony: FiM developed by
My Little Pony is © Hasbro
Carmakers report an overall decline of 34%, with Chrysler faring the worst with a 48.1% drop. Of the American-owned domestic manufacturers, Ford does best with a loss of 31.3%; GM falls 33.1%.
Exxon Mobil profit drops 58% as global recession saps energy demand
The oil company's first-quarter net income falls to $4.55 billion from $10.9 billion a year earlier.
Viacom's profit falls 34% as revenue drops
Viacom's profit falls 34% as revenue dropsThe New York company, which is controlled by Sumner Redstone and includes the Paramount movie studio as well as cable networks MTV and Comedy Central, said it earned $177 million, or 29 cents a share, down from $270 million, or 42 cents, last year.
That topped the average Wall Street forecast of 26 cents a share, according to a Thomson Reuters survey.
Revenue fell 7% to $2.9 billion, roughly in line with estimates
The Irvine company's net income drops to $45 million from $108 million a year earlier. The FDA also orders Allergan to strengthen the drug's label precautions.
Starbucks net profit plunges 77%Net income better than expected. The coffee chain's cost cutting initiatives help balance an 8% drop in sales.
The nation's second-largest oil company posts net income of $1.84 billion, compared with $5.17 billion a year earlier, amid lower crude prices, the global recession and sluggish demand.
Business News Roundup for the Week of May 1, 2009
M&A, Financial Reports and Funding
Computer Programs and Systems, a provider of health care IT software, reported a Q1 2009 net income of $4 million on $30.1 million in revenue, compared with a Q1 2008 net income of $3.5 million on $29.5 million in revenue…Health IT vendor Cerner reported a Q1 income of $40.8 million on $392.3 million in revenue…HealthStream, a provider of research and learning software for the health care industry, reported a Q1 2009 net income of $878,000 on $13.6 million in revenue…Merge Healthcare, a medical imaging software vendor, reported a Q1 2009 net income of $2.8 million on $15.3 million in revenue.
Contracts
Valley Baptist Health System in Texas awarded a 10-year contract to PHNS to manage and provide all of its IT services…United Hospital System in Wisconsin and Illinois is rolling out ambulatory and performance management software from Eclipsys…the Department of Veterans Affairs has chosen Picis‘ Critical Care Manager…Ohio State University Physicians, UNMC Physicians in Nebraska, Pediatric Management Group in Los Angeles and St. Joseph Heritage Healthcare in California have selected Medical Present Value‘s MPV Eligibility tool to automate their patient insurance and benefits verification processes.
Health Ventures, a joint venture of McFarland Clinic and Mary Greeley Medical Center in Iowa, has chosen AMICAS‘ PACS, Reach and Radstream software…Health Diagnostics, a provider of outpatient diagnostic imaging services, has selected Aspyra‘s AccessNET PACS…Silver Hill Hospital in Connecticut has selected Medsphere Systems‘ OpenVista EHR system…Muskogee Community Hospital in Oklahoma is using DocuSys‘ anesthesia information management system… Denver Health has selected Install Free for application virtualization services.
Product Development and Marketing
Hands on Technology, developer of TheraOffice practice management software systems, and ZirMed, a revenue cycle management vendor, announced a business partnership…CodeRyte, a health care coding software vendor, and Coding Strategies, a medical coding and compliance consulting firm, will market each other's services.
Personnel
Bill Loconzolo — former chief technology officer of Performix Technologies, a developer of employee performance-management applications — has been named CTO at Medfusion, a provider of health IT software…Health IT vendor McKesson has promoted Randy Spratt from executive vice president and CIO to CTO.
Blumenthal Says Government Role in Health IT Efforts Needed
At an event hosted by the Markle Foundation on Thursday, National Coordinator for Health IT David Blumenthal said the government needs to play a role in electronic health records to achieve widespread adoption, Reuters reports.
Blumenthal said, "It is clear that this field has not advanced (enough) … when left exclusively to the private sector so there is a public role."
He added that although the government did not want to overstep its role, it needed to take action to improve the public good.
Under former President George W. Bush's administration, the government relied heavily on the private sector to drive the EHR adoption effort.
Marc Overhage — who oversees medical information research at the Regenstrief Institute — said that method has not worked.
He said, "We can't keep doing what we're doing because what we're doing is nothing," adding, "There's not a lot that's changed in the last five years that's really meaningful" (Heavey, Reuters, 4/30).
ONC Ready To Start Work
Blumenthal said the confirmation of HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius on Tuesday allows the Office of the National Coordinator for Health IT to start work on the health IT provisions included in the federal economic stimulus package.
He said, "It means we can begin to make decisions on how to get the mechanics of implementation rolling."
Blumenthal said he expects to begin meeting shortly with members of the health IT advisory groups established under the stimulus law and to start taking action on how to use some of the $2 billion in funding allocated to ONC (Mosquera, Government Health IT, 4/30).
Markle Foundation Offers Recommendation on ‘Meaningful Use'
A new Markle Foundation report recommends that HHS initially define "meaningful use" of electronic health records as the demonstration that "the provider makes use of, and the patient has access to, clinically relevant electronic information about the patient to improve medication management and coordination of care," Health Data Management reports. In the coming weeks, HHS will release guidelines for how hospitals and physician practices can demonstrate meaningful use of EHRs to qualify for Medicare and Medicaid incentive payments under the federal economic stimulus package. Representatives from more than 60 technology vendors, health care providers, payers and professional associations have endorsed the Markle Foundation's recommendation. Recommendations According to the report, "Meaningful use should initially rely on standard information types, such as recent medications and laboratory results, that are electronic and already widely adopted and that can support metrics to improve medication management and coordination of care." The report calls on the federal government to offer specific guidelines for measuring progress toward the goal of improving health care quality, curbing rising health care costs, stimulating innovation and protecting privacy. It states, "If the goals and metrics are not clear before technology is commissioned and the incentives are offered, the government will risk wasting valuable resources and losing support from both health care providers and the public to further IT investments." The report also recommends that privacy and security requirements be "sequenced strategically so that they can be implemented in a timely way without creating unrealistic software upgrade and process burdens on clinicians and hospitals" (Anderson, Health Data Management, 4/30). The Markle Foundation report is available online (.pdf).
Florida Lawmakers Send Rx Tracking Database Legislation to Governor
(MPRN-Lansing) The recount may be over, but the Michigan Secretary of State isn't done with the ballots yet. They are in the process of planning an audit of about 20 Detroit area polling places.
During the short-lived recount, the Michigan Bureau of Elections discovered a number of places where the number of ballots in the recount containers didn't match the reported number of voters. Now about 20 polling places in the Detroit area will be audited.
Fred Woodhams is with the Michigan Secretary of State's Office. He said the Detroit elections staff said it was simple human error – but they plan to verify that.
“We want to give people reassurance about what happened and we will look into the matter thoroughly and if there's more action that needs to be taken we will do that,” he said.
Woodhams said even though the ballots didn't go into the right box for the recount, the votes were counted on Election Day.
Kim Jong-un has ordered construction of a ski resort that will rival the facilities for South Korea's 2018 Olympics.
North Korea has ample Stalinist architecture. It has a towering monument to the Dear Leader wearing a giant bronze anorak. It has the “hotel of doom”. It even has a theme park with knockoffs of Big Ben and the Eiffel Tower. But Kim Jong-un has decided something is missing: a world-class ski resort.
According to a report in The Telegraph, Kim, who was apparently schooled in the alpine arts while studying in Switzerland, recently made the trip to Masik Pass Skiing Ground to offer his “on the spot field guidance” on the building of the resort. Peaks near the site – which offers 68 miles worth of mountainside – rise to 4,400 feet. Perfect, the plan goes, for beginner, intermediate and advanced level powder hounds to shred through the snow come winter time. Not to mention a resort hotel, cable cars, even a heliport, according to state media.
The project is but one more strike in an ongoing North-South rivalry. Many believe Kim's vision was inspired by South Korean city Pyeongchang's winning bid to host the 2018 Winter Olympics.
Park Sang Kwon, head of inter-Korean automaker Pyeonghwa Motors, told Yonhap News Agency in January that “the North seems to want to develop a small ski resort first and build this up depending on demand.”
Apparently, Kim is so far pleased with progress. According to Korean Central News Agency, Kim “mounted an observation deck to hear a detailed report on the construction of the skiing ground.” It added, “He was greatly satisfied to learn that soldier-builders have constructed a skiing area on mountain ranges covering hundreds of thousands of square meters.”
Not to be beaten by Mother Nature, Kim has further ordered that the resort be completed in full by the coming winter.
A nearby military airfield is being considered as a potential airport for eager skiers, of whom Kim is confident there will be legions. To accommodate them, Kim has also ordered that clothing and equipment for the sport be manufactured domestically – a necessity in light of UN sanctions that prohibit the import of all luxury goods.
No matter. “A skiing wave will seize the country,” state media reported him as saying.
Although football has long been America's favorite child among professional sports, there are clear indicators that the ole pigskin is starting to deflate in fans' eyes. Football fanatics need not panic: polls show it's still far ahead of both baseball and basketball in popularity. The 2017 NBA finals averaged 20.4m viewers (a 20-year record), which is roughly the same as the NFL's regular Sunday night audience of 20.3m, and nowhere near the 2016 Super Bowl über-audience of 111m. Based on just those numbers, football is still kicking professional basketball, baseball and hockey through the goal posts. But America can be fickle. And the Magic 8-Ball of our cultural zeitgeist says, “All signs point to the NBA replacing the NFL as the league of America's future.”
This prediction has nothing to do with the athletes themselves, their level of skill, their heart, or their commitment to their sport. Professional athletes are generally the highest expression of what the human body is capable of doing and therefore inspiring to the fans to reach higher and strive harder. In that way, no sport is superior to any other sport. But when it comes to professional sports, some are more inspirational, more exciting and more entertaining to the general public than others and those sports take on a symbolic meaning for Americans. They come to represent our core values. They represent not just who we are, but who we want to be.
Baseball once ruled all other sports as America's pastime because it reflected the laid-back, less confrontational mood of America in the 1920s and 1930s. It was highly strategic, required precision teamwork, but moved at a pace reflective of hot summers in rural towns across the country. Football's popularity rose with the increasing aggression of the America at home and abroad. Football embodied an America who faced all challenges head on, forcing its will on opponents through skill, guile and brute force. We were a country taking bold risks in order to succeed and football was the riskiest of team sports.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar: 'Trump is where he is because of his appeal to racism' Read more
But America has changed and with that change we are seeing a shifting away from hoisting football on our collective shoulders. Although football remains our most popular professional sport, that popularity has been declining over the past five years, from 67% saying they were fans in 2012, to 57% in 2017. Professional baseball has also fallen 2% during that time. However, professional basketball has risen 3%. Before anyone starts blaming Colin Kaepernick, let's remember that he first took a knee in 2016 and that the fan base erosion had already been strong several years before that.
One major reason Americans are stepping back from football is the danger. Physical risk has always been one of the attractions of the sport – a rite of manhood. But recent studies showing just how severe the brain damage is to the players shocked us. A 2017 study published in the Journal of American Medical Association discovered chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) in 110 out of 111 brains of former NFL players. A broken arm or cracked rib is one thing, the scars that prompt bragging rights, but widespread permanent brain damage that affects players for the rest of their lives is beyond entertainment. There is nothing sexy about depression and dementia.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest One reason Americans are stepping back from football is the danger. Photograph: Patrick Smith/Getty Images
What makes it worse is that studies are finding the same problems with high school and college players. The same study found CTE in the brains of three of 14 high school players (21%) and 48 of 53 college players (91%). Dr Bennet Omalu, who is credited with discovering CTE (and who Will Smith portrayed in the 2015 movie Concussion), said that allowing kids to play football was equal to child abuse: “It is the definition of child abuse. If you play football, and if your child plays football, there is a 100% risk exposure.” This harsh reality prompted several former NFL players – including Brett Favre, Terry Bradshaw and Troy Aikman – to admit that they would not want their sons to play football. LeBron James and then-President Obama agreed. Knowing all that, Americans can't help but feel a little complicit in cheering for a sport that is so destructive to its players, especially kids. According to a Washington Post-University of Massachusetts Lowell poll, 90% of sports fans agree that head injuries represent a problem in the sport.
Another loose thread being pulled to unravel football's dominant status is the fact that it's less popular among children, who are the future fan base. According to ESPN, basketball is the most popular sport among American youth, both boys and girls, while football has dropped to third place. Yet, football is responsible for more injuries than any of the other sports. Football accounts for 28% of injuries among athletes 5 to 14, while basketball is responsible for only 15%.
America's sport isn't about who we were in the past but about who we want to be going forward Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Those are just numbers and we know that numbers can fluctuate based on a lot of factors. More important to the future of football than the injuries and declining popularity among youth is the symbolic nature of the sport as it relates to representing America. America's sport isn't about who we were in the past but about who we want to be going forward. We no longer see ourselves as Friday Night Lights warriors who send our best and brightest into combat on the field, needlessly risking their brains and futures for the sake of 11 minutes of actual play (out of the average three hours and 12 minutes of an NFL game), which is the same as baseball. In contrast, basketball is a perpetual motion machine in which players face muscular opposition, yet don't conquer with brute force but rather with graceful maneuvers and intense teamwork. Each game is an example of athletic alchemy, producing astounding physical displays of leaping, spinning, passing and shooting. And it does this every few minutes.
America's sport also has to represent America's spirit, and right now that spirit is not one of complacency or complicity. Many athletes are no longer satisfied with taking the money and running home to hide out in their mansions. They want to fully embrace their responsibility as role models to children and representatives of their communities to speak out whenever America veers off the road paved by the US Constitution. With the Trump Administration's overt racism, misogyny, xenophobia and anti-LGBTQ policies, we haven't just veered off the road, we're hanging over the cliff.
NFL players have been pioneers in expressing their patriotism through silent protest at a time when there is so much to protest. Colin Kaepernick has been a leader in this movement and he has paid a personal and professional price for not caving into pressure. Dozens of other players, coaches and even owners have joined the protest, though most of them have since backed off once there was fear that the NFL's slipping ticket sales and TV ratings might be related to such demonstrations. Sadly, there is a racial component to this policy. It is the players of color who are being denied their freedom to protest because they are the ones who are part of the oppressed social group. White owners and white fans don't experience this same oppression, so speaking out about racial disparity in the US is not a priority to them. However, when owners honor military groups at games, or even play the national anthem, they are expressing their political opinions. This means that they aren't against expressing political opinions, just dissenting ones, even though the country was founded on celebrating dissent.
It's disheartening to see some owners cowering in fear rather than further embracing this just expression. In the long run, pandering to their conservative fan base rather than acting out of conscience does more harm than good—to the sport and to the country.
The NBA has been more tolerant of its players' freedom of speech. Players and coaches from many teams have silently protested and spoken out to the press. LeBron James, Kyrie Irving, Jarrett Jack, Alan Anderson, Deron Williams, Kevin Garnett and others wore “I Can't Breathe” T-shirts during warm-ups in 2014 to protest the death of unarmed Eric Garner by police. Steph Curry and Kevin Durant continue to speak out. Detroit Pistons coach Stan Van Gundy has said that protesting athletes are “models of American patriotism”. Spurs coach Gregg Popovich echoed that sentiment when he said that his players have “the organization's full support to speak their minds”. Has speaking out affected ratings? This year the NBA, despite its protests, has increased its TV ratings by 32%, while the NFL's viewership dropped from 16.5m viewers last year to 15m this year.
Things aren't perfect. There is still pressure to silence players. But the NBA has a chance to seize this moment and boldly lead by promoting the values and freedoms of the US Constitution. To be not just sports heroes, but also social heroes who reflect the kind of engaged Americans who won't tolerate anyone stepping on our values, just for the price of a ticket, a hot dog and a beer.
• Sign up to our weekly email, The Recap, here, showcasing a selection of our sport features from the past seven days.
If your local police department offered you a piece of free software claiming it helps protect your kids online, that should be a good thing. In reality, saying ComputerCOP is safety software is like saying that a peeping Tom is someone's personal night watchman.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation has done extensive digging and discovered that nearly 250 law enforcement agencies in 35 US states have purchased ComputerCOP over the years, typically buying thousands of copies at a time. They generally turn around and give them away to the public for free, though technically you've paid for it anyways, as they're making the purchases with public funds, of course.
It seems as though there's been very little (if any) due diligence done before the money was spent, either. Apart from peddling a program that's pitifully out of date, the Company behind ComputerCOP has also been using a fraudulent endorsement from the Suffolk County Sheriff's Department and lying about having received another one from the ACLU. If you know anything about the ACLU, you'll know that they're not all that keen on things like surveillance software that infringes upon your civil liberties.
Despite the lies, agencies kept on buying ComputerCOP. Why? It may have had a little to do with what looks a bit like a creative rebate program. In the case of Suffolk county, sheriff Vincent DeMarco's campaign happened to receive about $1,500 in donations from ComputerCOP's makers. They've also bought 43,000 copies of the software to give away.
That's 43,000 copies of a keylogger that stores usernames, passwords, bank card information, and other confidential information in plain text. It's bad enough that police departments aren't following their own advice when it comes to caving in to ransomware demands, but distributing spyware to an unsuspecting public? That's truly mind-blowing.
Making matters worse is the fact that the EFF couldn't find an evidence that anti-malware apps are flagging ComputerCOP as malicious. Fortunately, if it's on your computer it's not that hard to get it off — and you should do it immediately. Just follow the EFF's handy guide.
Located halfway between Fenway Park and Gillette Stadium, Norwood Arena Speedway was one of the most prominent auto racing facilities in the Northeast. Although the track closed in 1972, our project is the first and only attempt to capture the story on film. This feature-length documentary introduces the viewer to several American originals. Prominent in the film are the compelling stories of Norwood Arena's own Pete Hamilton and Don MacTavish, both of whom left Norwood for the national spotlight, with one man living his dream of winning the legendary Daytona 500 and the other's dream dying in a tragic crash on the same stretch of asphalt.
After a full-year of collecting photographs and home movies, conducting interviews and assembling a large assortment of raw footage, our movie is entering the post production stage, the most expensive part of the process. We are seeking financial support to assist in the cost of editing, licensing, color and audio correction, graphics, mastering and distribution. This is where your financial support is needed. Thank you!
Shane Edwards will remain a Tiger until the end of 2019 at least
Talented Richmond playmaker Shane Edwards has signed a three-year contract extension with the Club.
This means that Edwards, who would have come out of contract at the completion of the 2016 season, and also qualified as a free agent, will remain a Tiger until the end of 2019 at least.
Given the fact that Edwards turned 27 yesterday (October 25), he seems set to see out his AFL career with the Tigers.
Edwards, selected by Richmond at pick 26 overall in the 2006 National Draft, has developed into an integral member of the Tigers' team over the past couple of years due to his pace, creativity and ability to hit the scoreboard in his role rotating between the midfield and high half-forward.
Although Edwards missed seven games through injury this year, he averaged an equal season career-high 18.8 disposals per game and kicked 13 goals.
He had been touted as a possible All-Australian representative this year, before suffering a hairline fracture in his right leg during Richmond's Round 15 victory over Carlton.
“To have Shane extend his contract for a further three years, with a year still to run on his current deal, is a great result,” said Richmond's General Manager of Football Dan Richardson.
“It's a strong show of faith from Shane, who could have entertained free agency at the end of next year, but wanted to continue with this group and influence the direction the Club is heading.
“Shane continues to impress on the field, as shown by his start to the 2015 season, when he was clearly one of our best players before being injured.
“He's a real favourite with teammates and supporters alike, and is also developing into a fine leader around the Club.
“We're extremely pleased he has made this commitment.”
Edwards has played 168 games all-up for the Tigers since debuting in 2007 and has kicked 114 goals.
With a year under its belt and 34 releases, we are still in love with CakePHP 3; and some of you are already on board and loving it. With an average of nearly 3 releases a month, you can easily tell that the team is working against a rapid release cycle where they are tirelessly working at adding and improving features. - but do you know the philosophy behind it?
Looking at all of the improvements and benefits that this updated framework brings, you can clearly see that the biggest turning point for the core team was the increased functionality with clear foresight and thinking brought to the table. A plan was had right from the start, to be a framework well documented, one that was simple (as the Core Team live by – fewer lines the better!). Another big input from the team, was the ability to integrate and make newer versions of PHP compatible with the framework, never before has the movement in the code base been so fast paced. And as the team comments, this is brought to the fore by the rotating code between open source teams – truly, we live in a space where without each other's contributions to the code base there would be no movement and action.
That is why we are in love with CakePHP 3, because the team have put forward a framework that integrates, pulls in outside assistance, accepts community help and specifically puts itself out there for the community's input.
Some quick backgrounds to the updated framework. The first commit to CakePHP 3 was done on May 24 2012, by Juan Basso. A long time coming, but as the common phrase goes, good things come with time. – that and the fact that the core team and lead developers were working in their spare time, after work, late nights, to bring this forward.
We thought that we would reflect, and bring to you the top changes/improvements/benefits/total awesomeness of this framework!
All of the core feature development was done as pull requests. This was done intentionally, to encourage people to get involved and the main core team is distributed across the world. The community is vital to the framework, and without them, we wouldn't be here!
To give you an idea of what this has meant. It ended up with over 6000 commits before launch! – from over 20 contributors.
CakePHP 3 documentation had over 1500 commits – from 51 contributors! – the document writing was so important to the team, every time there was a feature or a break in backwards compatibility, it was documented.
More big news for CakePHP 3 is that it targets PHP 5.5 and newer. It is designed with composer support (Although you don't need to use composer). It has also required a couple of additional extensions (the mb_string and the intl extension) – this was for 2 reasons, we were handling multi-byte internally, if you didn't have the mb_string extension, we would fall back to pure PHP code; and for internationalization - there are really powerful tools built into the language that CakePHP 2 wasn't capitalizing on and the team wanted to leverage those tools – to give the CakePHP community better tools.
Now the entire CakePHP code is Unicode aware, and additionally through the intl extension, everything is localized. All of the core classes localize depending on your locale (so if you switch your locale to Germany..) – everything will work, your numbering, date formatting, language formatting (provided you have the translation file) etc.
Over above these changes (and associated benefits), a few other things came out of the cracks..
Such as, through the use of composer, you have to have separate repos for separate things - so the team created a new app skeleton, basically this is the app directory of the old framework but in a separate repo. – What this allows you to do is mold or easily customize and fork it when you want to pull in changes. You don't have to worry about merge conflicts with the app directory or similar types of issues.
It also gives us the ability to release them independently in the future, so for instance, the app can be upgraded and add or remove dependencies while having no need to modify the framework.
Many of us have had that experience and confusion of configuring classes; you don't know if it's a property or method, or even what the method name is.
Well getting more into the detailed features, we all know that there were a lot of different method names for configuring things, some classes used properties, others used methods of various names.
For CakePHP 3 however, it was decided that this is a little silly, so all of the static/instance/runtime classes use one method called config (YAY!). More can be found at http://book.cakephp.org/3.0/en/development/configuration.html
The ORM has also been replaced, we have moved on with the model layer, and CakePHP has advanced quite a bit over the past years. Now you have Tables and Entity objects (no more arrays!), and a powerful Query class to build your queries using a fluent interface. You'll be amazed how easy is to create deep filters, custom finders (and stacking!), subqueries. Validation was also refactored, improving flexibility and customization.
The router was also noted as being a performance bottleneck for a lot of applications in the past, and it was also, somewhat, verbose when you were connecting a lot of routes.
So with CakePHP 3, the old way of connecting routes is still there, but a new scope system has been added. This allows you to declare routes in a much clearer way – so if you have a common prefix, you can put this in the scope, and don't have to re-declare this in each route. Less typing necessary, but more importantly it allows you to partition your routes so that you can create a much faster parse tree.
A lot of work has also been done on fixing reverse routing, previously it was based on a linear search but now, the key parts of the route are taken (the action or controller name) and generate a list of what that route may be and then search a much smaller subset of routes.
Another change is the helper layer. Previously HTML formatted through arrays, and that had both good and bad points.
The team got rid of the sprintf and replaced it with a very simple templating system, that has no conditions. This lets you define templates file, and you consistently use those templates throughout. This also yields a bit of a performance gain and it doesn't use number replacements, it uses named replacements.
The way the event subsystems were handled is another change that CakePHP 3 brings to the table, allowing a much more consistent approach to handling events. The new changes have also led to another performance enhancement!
The framework has also gotten some outside help - in the past CakePHP has been criticized for being insular and not making use of the existing ecosystem. This has since changed and one of the reasons was the team wanted to make the installation really easy. Because composer is now being use, you can include dependencies and when you create your application or install your applications dependencies, CakePHP 3's can be installed at the same time.
CakePHP 3 has used:
Chronos (A fork of Carbon) has been used for date time improvements, (but now its part of CakePHP itself and maintained by the core)
Aura/Intl – improved i18n and L10n features
A great wrap up to these things is the fact that the team has hugely increased functionality and features, while keeping performance constant (in most cases, actually increasing it!!). There are so many reasons that you should start and continue using CakePHP 3 but more importantly, there are so many reasons for being a part of this insanely great, collaborative community.
Share
Previous Next 1 of 75 Close
Huawei dazzled when it showed off its first Android Wear smartwatch in 2015, and although we had to wait a while for the release due to software issues and further design refinement, it was worth it. The Huawei Watch remains our pick of the Android Wear world, along with the more masculine Fossil Q Founder, so if you're considering one for your wrist, here's everything you need to know about it.
Price and availability
Huawei Watch sales started for the stainless steel and black models in the U.S. in September 2015, through Huawei, Amazon, Best Buy, or the Google Store. There are a variety of configurations ranging from $350 all the way up to $800. The stainless steel version is priced at $350 if you opt for a leather strap, while the metal bracelet option will bring it up to $400. You will have your choice of either a steel link or stainless steel mesh bracelet. You can also opt for the black-coated steel version with a metal band for $450.
Finally, the rose gold plated stainless steel version will set you back $700 with an alligator-pressed brown leather strap or $800 with a rose gold strap through Huawei's own online store. In the U.K., the Huawei Watch is sold through Huawei's Vmall store, the Google Store, Amazon, and selected Selfridges retail stores. The basic silver with leather band Watch is £290, or £330 with a metal Link or Mesh strap. The black model starts at £330 with a leather band, and shifts to £370 with a Link strap.
Perhaps you'd like to pick up a Huawei Watch without spending quite so much money? Deals are becoming more common, and the most recent comes from Best Buy where the Huawei Watch has been discounted by up to $150, depending on your model choice. The cheapest is the stainless steel watch with a leather strap that costs $250, down from the usual $350. Go for the normally $800 gold model and you'll pay $650. There's $100 off the metal strap versions, reducing them to $300.
It's not stated how long these offers will last, so don't wait around if the price is right for you.
A classy design with a lot of options
The Huawei Watch is an Android Wear smartwatch with a classic circular timepiece design inspired by Swiss watches. It's made from 316L cold-forged stainless steel and sports a scratch-resistant, two-layer sapphire crystal display. The diameter of the entire watch casing is 42mm, which is the size of the larger Apple Watch. It's also a little thicker than the Apple Watch (11.3mm vs. 10.5mm). You will also find traditional watch elements, including a crown, frame, and lugs.
Previous Next 1 of 5
The watch bands are interchangeable, and Huawei offers several options, including stainless steel and genuine leather. And if you hate Huawei's bands, you can slap on any band that has a lug width of 18mm. The casing itself comes in the three colors of gold, silver, and black to accommodate differing tastes.
Typical specs with a fabulous display
The specs of the Huawei Watch are similar to other Android Wear watches except for the display. The 400 x 400 pixel resolution display is the highest we have seen on an Android Wear watch. The 1.4-inch AMOLED display should prove to be extra sharp with its 286 pixels per inch.
It's powered by a 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400, and includes 512MB of RAM, 4GB of internal storage, and a 300mAh battery. The battery is rated for two days, but we presume that is with the Always On display turned off. The watch can be charged up to 80 percent in as little as 45 minutes or 100 percents in 75 minutes via the included magnetic cradle.
Previous Next 1 of 28
The Huawei Watch runs Android Wear, supports notifications, and works with Google Now voice commands. There's a six-axis motion sensor, a barometric sensor, and a heart rate monitor for measuring activities such as walking, cycling, or climbing. It also calculates steps, calories burned, and your sleep — just like every other smartwatch with Android Wear.
The Huawei Watch was first revealed in early 2015 at the Mobile World Congress trade show in Spain. We were at the event, and managed to get some time with the watch. You can see our hands-on video below.
Reasons for the delay
The Huawei Watch took its time to actually go on sale, given it debuted six months before it hit the shelves. According to He Gangs, an executive from Huawei's smartphone division, the Android Wear platform caused problems. The company adapted Android Wear to work without Google's services in China, where they aren't available, and to adopt Huawei's suite of apps instead. It was a time-consuming and highly technical operation, and apparently forced Huawei to push the release date.
In an interview with The Wall Street Journal in late June, Huawei's Yang Yong confirmed the delay, and while he stated the international launch would go ahead before the end of 2015, he admitted there could be continued delays in getting the watch on sale in China. He also said it was Android Wear that has caused the delay, and added that as it's an entirely new product for the company, issues were to be expected.
During this same interview, Yong indicated the company used the time to tweak the design, making it “less bulky, more akin in appearance to a classical wrist watch with a round case.”
Updated on 06-06-2016 by Andy Boxall: Added in Best Buy price reduction
Updated on 11-20-2015 by Andy Boxall: Added in news the rose gold Huawei Watch is now for sale
Updated on 11-05-2015 by Andy Boxall: Added in news the Huawei Watch can be ordered in the UK
Updated on 09-02-2015 by Robert Nazarian: Added in official specs, availability and pricing.
Updated on 06-19-2015 by Andy Boxall: Added in further confirmation of a release delay, along with news of some final design tweaks.
Updated on 06-11-2015 by Andy Boxall: Added in news that the Huawei Watch faces a delay until after the summer.
NEW DELHI: In a major step aimed at easing taxpayer grievances, CBDT today announced that assessees filing I-T returns online will no longer have to send the paper acknowledgement by post as a new Aadhaar-based electronic verification code has been launched to authenticate this document. The Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), the apex policy making body of the I-T department, has introduced a new column in the ITRs for 2015-16 where an e-filer can provide his Aadhaar number which will have to be authenticated on the official website of the department via a One Time Password (OTP)."A new EVC, ie. Electronic Verification Code, has been included as the new mode to verify e-returns. The facility will soon be hosted on the website of the e-filing link of the department. The taxpayers no longer need to send the ITR-V paper document to the CPC in Bengaluru, thus ending the cumbersome process which was robbing the e-filing of its ease and fun," a senior I-T officer told PTI.The procees, as explained by the officer, will require the e-filer to register his Aadhaar number in the ITR after which the UIDAI database will send an OTP to the registered mobile number of the taxpayer which subsequently will have to be authenticated on the e-filing website.The I-T Systems Directorate, the officer said, is also in the process of validating net banking identity as the verifier of e-filed I-T returns "very soon."The I-T department, through CBDT, had recently decided to completely do away with the "cumbersome" procedure undertaken currently by a taxpayer to send his or her ITR-V (Verification) form to the department's Central Processing Centre (CPC) based in Bengaluru through post.A number of taxpayers have earlier complained to the department that despite sending the hard copy of ITR-V by "speed or registered post" their forms were being acknowledged by CPC as "not received" and hence the department has since long been looking at options to do away with this system altogether.As per existing rules, a person who files his or her tax return online has to send a copy of the ITR-V to CPC within 120 days for processing of the return.CBDT had in October last year amended the provisions of the I-T Act and made it easy for the department to undertake these new methods for "validation" of e-returns.The new measure will ease the process of quick generation of refunds of taxpayers.
A top Pakistan Foreign Ministry official has said that “some” members of the terrorist Haqqani network are present in the country, but Islamabad is not allowing any group to conduct terrorist activities in Afghanistan.
Foreign Secretary Aizaz Chaudhry has made the rare admission in an interview to the state-run Pakistani television PTV broadcast Sunday.
The United States has designated the Haqqani network and its leadership as global terrorists for carrying out high-profile deadly attacks against American and allied forces in Afghanistan.
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani and U.S. officials allege Haqqanis operate out of sanctuaries in Pakistan, a charge Islamabad rejects.
“The Haqqani Network is actually part of the Taliban. Most of their people are in Afghanistan, most of them, and some of them are present here (in Pakistan),” said Chaudhry.
Chaudhry asserted the Pakistani leadership is sticking to its pledges of not allowing any individual or group to use Pakistan's soil for terrorist activities.
“We have also explicitly given the same message to the Taliban and Haqqanis that you must not indulge in any terrorist activity or violence in Afghanistan,” he said. “And if you can't mend your ways and live peacefully like millions of Afghan refugees in Pakistan, then you better leave the country because Pakistani soil cannot welcome you and the space would be squeezed on you.”
‘Incremental pressure'
Consequently, most of the insurgents went back to Afghanistan where 10 percent of the territory is now controlled by the Taliban, Chaudhry said citing U.S. military estimates.
The U.S. Congress last week passed the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act, which includes $900 million for reimbursement to Pakistan for conducting counterterrorism operations to secure its long border with Afghanistan.
But the legislation is linked to the release of $400 million of the allocated amount to Pakistan's “demonstrable” steps against the Haqqani Network.
Foreign Secretary Chaudhry said Pakistan is putting “incremental pressure” on Taliban and Haqqanis to persuade them to reengage in peace talks with Afghan authorities.
But Islamabad has made it clear to the Afghan leadership that it would not use military force against the insurgents because they would then turn their guns on Pakistanis, bringing Afghanistan's war to Pakistan, he said, and reemphasized the need for finding a political solution to the Afghan conflict.
The Pakistani official reiterated Islamabad is ready to facilitate peace talks between Afghan warring sides provided Kabul accepts the offer.
Speaking earlier this month in Washington, U.S. commander of international forces in Afghanistan General John Nicholson warned the Haqqanis still pose the greatest threat to Americans and to their coalition partners and to the Afghans.
“And they remain a principal concern of ours. And they, and they do enjoy sanctuary inside Pakistan,” the general added.
Chaudhry urged President Ghani to prevent anti-Pakistan militants from “roaming freely” on his side of the border and carry out attacks in Pakistan on “mere assumptions” that Islamabad harbors anti-Kabul militants.
If the Afghan side believes mere allegations against Pakistan would help solve Afghanistan's problems “then let them believe so. It would not get them anywhere,” he added.
Afghan officials deny they have anything to do with the militants linked to anti-state Tehreek-e-Taliban Pakistan, or TTP, though Pakistani officials point to killings of a number of leaders of the group in Afghanistan this year by U.S. drone attacks.
Islamabad hosted a preliminary round of peace talks between Kabul and Taliban officials in July 2015, the first direct contact between Afghan warring sides in 15 years. Chaudhry along with U.S. and Chinese officials attended the negotiations as monitors.
But since then the war has intensified, fueling tensions between Afghanistan and Pakistan over Islamabad's alleged backing of the insurgency.
On Monday, President Trump signed an executive order directing the U.S. trade representative to withdraw America's signature from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, likely delivering a death blow to the controversial multinational trade deal. Opposition to the TPP was a cornerstone of not only Trump's presidential campaign but of Bernie Sanders' also. In a carefully-worded statement, Sanders praised the nation's withdrawal from the TPP without saying a single nice thing about Trump himself.
As preface, it's important to note that Trump's move was almost entirely symbolic. Although the TPP was a favorite project of President Obama, Congress never ratified it, and there wasn't any sign it was going to ratify it anytime soon. The policy was most likely going to die anyway due to Congressional inaction; by signing the executive order, Trump was simply signaling to lawmakers that they shouldn't bother trying to pass the thing they weren't going to pass anyway.
But still, its symbolism shouldn't be overlooked. One of the many ways in which Trump demonstrated early on that he's not your average Republican was by coming out strong against free trade, a reversal of longstanding GOP policy. This put him in the same camp as Sanders, another staunch opponent of TPP and free trade. The two men don't agree on much, but they agree on this.
Shortly after Trump signed the order, Sanders released a statement in support of the move.
The language here is important. Sanders says he is "glad the Trans-Pacific Partnership is dead and gone," talks about how bad free trade is, and says that America needs a new trade policy. He adds that "if President Trump is serious about a new policy to help American workers then I would be delighted to work with him."
What Sanders didn't do is say anything remotely complimentary about Trump. The closest he got to praising the president himself was that last part, but even then, that's not what he was doing. Sanders was speaking purely in hypothetical terms about something (Trump proposing "a new policy to help American workers") that hasn't happened yet.
This was a smart move. One of the biggest threats to the progressive movement in the United States is the possibility of Trump co-opting liberal policies and presenting them as his own, thus consolidating his own support and diminishing the left's in one fell swoop. As the de facto leader of the American progressive left, Sanders' voice holds a lot of influence in the movement. By refusing to give Trump his stamp of approval, Sanders is, for the time being at least, preventing Trump from earning too much credit from the left for his moves on the TPP.
When asked about the development on CNN later in the day, Sanders doubled down on the approach, and spent more time criticizing Trump than applauding him.
The fact that Trump has lefty positions on a few policies — infrastructure, trade, certain areas of foreign policy — presents a challenge and a danger to progressives. If the left wants to succeed as a political movement, it can't allow Trump to subsume its most popular elements during his tenure in the White House. Sanders' refusal to credit Trump on Monday is a good first start in making sure this doesn't happen.
In a conversation in 1971 with John Gerassi, a political science professor at Queens College in New York, Jean-Paul Sartre recalled an experience with drugs in 1929 while attending the École Normale Supérieure, where he met Simone de Beauvoir, also known as Castor. “Talking With Sartre: Conversations and Debates,” a selection of interviews from the '70s, is being published this month by Yale University Press. Here is an excerpt from Harper's:
Sartre: ... I ended up having a nervous breakdown.
Gerassi: You mean the crabs?
Sartre: Yeah, after I took mescaline, I started seeing crabs around me all the time. They followed me in the streets, into class. I got used to them. I would wake up in the morning and say, “Good morning, my little ones, how did you sleep?” I would talk to them all the time. I would say, “O.K., guys, we're going into class now, so we have to be still and quiet,” and they would be there, around my desk, absolutely still, until the bell rang.
Photo
Gerassi: A lot of them?
Sartre: Actually, no, just three or four.
Grassi: But you knew they were imaginary?
Sartre: Oh, yes. But after I finished school, I began to think I was going crazy, so I went to see a shrink, a young guy then with whom I have been good friends ever since, Jacques Lacan. We concluded that it was fear of being alone, fear of losing the camaraderie of the group. You know, my life changed radically from my being one of a group, which included peasants and workers, as well as bourgeois intellectuals, to it being just me and Castor. The crabs really began when my adolescence ended. At first, I avoided them by writing about them — in effect, by defining life as nausea — but then as soon as I tried to objectify it, the crabs appeared. And then they appeared whenever I walked somewhere. Not when I was writing, just when I was going someplace. ... The crabs stayed with me until the day I simply decided that they bored me and that I just wouldn't pay attention to them. And then the war came, the stalag, the Resistance, and the big political battles after the war.
In Sartre's play “The Condemned of Altona,” a character sees a future in which a race of crabs sits in judgment of humanity.
The EU's traditional power couple France and Germany expressed mounting alarm on Saturday (Jan 28) at key decisions by US President Donald Trump in his first week in office, saying they raised many issues of concern.
PARIS: The EU's traditional power couple France and Germany expressed mounting alarm on Saturday (Jan 28) at key decisions by US President Donald Trump in his first week in office, saying they raised many issues of concern.
French President Francois Hollande vowed a "firm" response to a growing list of pronouncements by the maverick tycoon, including his encouragement for Brexit and suspension of all refugee arrivals.
Advertisement
Another EU founder member, Luxembourg, also said Trump risks bolstering "hatred towards the West" by slapping tight new controls on travellers from seven Muslim countries including war-wracked Syria.
Hollande spoke out a day after Trump - who has made clear he thinks other EU countries will leave the bloc - called Britain's exit from the European Union a "wonderful thing".
"When he talks about Brexit being a model for other countries, I think we must respond," the French leader told reporters on the sidelines of a summit of southern EU nations in Lisbon.
Trump's "protectionist" measures could "destabilise economies not just in Europe but the economies of the main countries of the world," Hollande added. "And when he refuses the arrival of refugees, while Europe has done its duty, we have to respond."
Advertisement
Advertisement
'STRENGTHEN MISTRUST AND HATRED'
Trump has announced a series of controversial decisions, making good on what some thought may have been electioneering campaign pledges, on an almost daily basis since taking office on Jan 20.
British Prime Minister Theresa May, whose country voted to leave the EU last June plunging the bloc into an unprecedented crisis, became the first world leader to meet Trump in Washington on Friday.
Keen to forge a post-Brexit trade deal with the United States and other countries, May puts the accent on global leadership as she cosied up to Trump. But other EU countries have different priorities, and are making their concerns clear.
Luxembourg Foreign Minister Jean Asselborn condemned the tougher visa measures slapped on seven Muslim states: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen.
"The decision is ... bad for Europe, because it's going to strengthen even further the mistrust and hatred towards the West in the heart of the Muslim world," he told the Sunday edition of German daily Tagesspiegel, excerpts of which were released a day in advance.
The French and German foreign ministers meanwhile voiced "concern" about Trump at talks in Paris. "Welcoming refugees who are fleeing war is part of our duty," France's Jean-Marc Ayrault said following a meeting with his new German counterpart, Sigmar Gabriel.
'CAUSING US CONCERN'
"This decision can only cause us concern. But there are a lot of other issues that are causing us concern," Ayrault, with Gabriel at his side, said.
Gabriel, whose country has welcomed hundreds of thousands of migrants, added: "For us it's important that Germany and France visibly and in substance share joint positions as widely as possible."
Trump was due to hold telephone talks Saturday with Hollande as well as German Chancellor Angela Merkel - whose decision to admit so many migrants he called a "catastrophic mistake" - as well as Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Trump has alarmed European leaders with his positive comments on Putin, and has left open the possibility of lifting sanctions on Russia despite Moscow's annexation of Crimea and role in the Ukraine conflict.
Europe is firmly against this. The French and German ministers reiterated Saturday that any easing of sanctions on Moscow must be linked to the implementation of the Minsk Agreement signed in February 2015.
The ministers also said they plan to contact Trump's nominee for US secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, once he is confirmed, "to discuss the issue point by point and have a clear relationship."
Hollande, speaking in Lisbon, added: "We must affirm our positions and then engage in a firm dialogue on what we think."
Ovtcharov and Tokic Kick off Match in A Duel of Champions
Image from NBC Olympics Live Stream
Table Tennis has been a point of excitement for the Brazilian crowd with local champion Hugo Calderano putting on an amazing display up until elimination in Round 4, but tonight they were in for a real treat.
As we know a table tennis game is played to 11 points, but once the game reaches 10-10 it's one serve each and a win-by-two cut-throat scenario. Dimitrij Ovtcharov of Germany had survived a 7 game encounter with Li Ping so was no stranger to extreme pressure, Bojan Tokic a fearless opponent from Slovenia.
The combination of the two made for an amazing back and forth test of will and focus. Reaching 10-10 it was a one-serve-each scenario for the two players. This is the Olympics, the pinnacle of table tennis and both players knew that winning the first game would create a mental advantage and take some pressure of their shoulders with a small lead.
That being said, neither player had any intention of losing the game. The score pressed on, one point each for every exchange of service. Tokic winning on his serve, Ovtcharov on his. The German's excitement at winning points off the Slovenian's serve quickly silenced as Tokic struck back leveling it out yet again.
The score pressed ever higher, reaching 20-20 and beyond. Tokic was 28-29 down and called a timeout, a surprising move this late in the set!
The match pressed on, the umpire ran out of scorecards and started again at 1-1 (31-31). The rallies were intense, counterlooping performances that 'wow'ed the audience each and every point with neither playing giving up any ground.
The end result of game 1, 64 points and a 33-31 victory for Bojan Tokic. 1 single game had lasted 26 minutes. To put that in perspective, Ma Long, the top seed, defeated Jonathan Groth of Denmark in Round 3 (a 4-0 win) was completed in 19 minutes.
After the magnitude of the performance it seemed that Tokic was expended and Ovtcharov moved in. A deuce game 12-10 in the German's favor followed by the next two games at 5 and 4 and the final set 11-7. A victory for Ovtcharov, the London 2012 Bronze Medalist and European Games Champion, 4-1.
A boy reads a comic books next to a giant image of batman comic book character at the Books and press for Youth fair, on November 28, 2012 in Montreuil, outside Paris. AFP PHOTO FRANCOIS GUILLOT (Photo credit should read FRANCOIS GUILLOT/AFP/Getty Images)
Art courtesy of Jess Smart Smiley
I grew up reading comics, as many people first discovered them. More and more, comics have been introduced into classrooms as a teaching tool and required reading.
One of my good friends is a 5th grade teacher who is a strong supporter of comics as a educational tool. I started talking to him about it and got the idea to write this piece.
I wondered what these kids thought about comics in general. So I thought up a bunch of questions for these kids to answer and here are some of my favorite responses. These answers are all verbatim and were transcribed directly from the sheet the kids filled out.
Here is the list of questions I asked them:
What is it about comics that you like?
What are your favorite types of stories?
Is the story or art more important to you?
What do comics offer differently then movies, TV, novels?
What is your favorite comic?
If someone who has never read a comic before asked you to buy them a
good comic, what would you get for them?
Answer 1
Yes, I do like comic books. I like them because they are funny and you get really interested in them. There are great pictures and you don't have to read plain old paragraphs all the time. One comic book that is good is definitely Amulet. This is why I love comic books so much!
Answer 2
Comic books are very good to me. Possibly the best type of books people can make. I can easily recommend these types of books because they are easy to read plus after that they can give a review about it themselves. They are of any select genre from mysteries to scaries and even some action packed thrillers that are fairly adventurous. This is why it should be fairly simple recommend a comic book to someone.
Answer 3
Yes, I love comics. I like them because to me it tells a story better than anything else. If I were to recommend a comic to start with I would most likely tell them Predator, The Terminator, or The Batman. Also I will mention Free Comic Book Day if they're not sure where to start. Last I would have them look up their local shop.
Answer 4
Yes I like comic books. I like them because it does not have a lot of words and lots of pictures. It is really cool and it is like you are in the book. You can see how the characters look like.
Answer 5
I like comic books because of some of the action. Also anything can happen in them. I would recommend to someone that they are funny. Also whatever toy they like, like action or funny, they have a comic for that. They can have a whole series to read and you can get them all. So that is what I like about comics.
Answer 6
Yes, I love comic books. I love that there are so many pictures and not a lot of words. Now that's my kind of story! Also, the pictures help you see what the story is telling you so you don't have to imagine anything. If I were to say something to a person who has never read a comic book I would say that comic books are awesome. And that millions of people read them everyday!
Answer 7
Yes, I love comic books! I like the pictures and they are fun to read. I would tell a friend to read Smile because it's cool and has some humor in it. Also, it shows the drama of junior high. I think people would like it because it is realistic fiction so it could really happen to them. I think that it is more for girls than boys because it contains a lot of girl drama and make-up and other stuff boys don't really like.
Answer 8
I do like comic books. Why I like them is that they are entertaining, sometimes funny, and cool. If I were to recommend a comic book to someone I would recommend to them to read Owly and the Amulet books because Amulet is cool and entertaining and Owly is funny and cool.
Answer 9
Yes I like comic books. I also like the pictures about comic books. I would tell them lots of things happen in it. That there are a lot of action parts. The mysteries lurk in the streets. People jumping from building to building. Notes scattered on the streets. I would tell them that it is everything you could ever ask for.
Answer 10
I like comic books like Bone and Ghostopolis. They make a story come to life. I would recommend all comic books. They are fun to read. I would recommend comic books to my cousin Jacob. Comic books take you away from the real world.
Answer 11
Yes, I do like comic books. I like how most comic books have a lot of action and suspense in a comic book. It can be full of comedy to make things hilarious. If I had to tell someone about a comic I would tell them about how exciting it is and how you can never tell what would happen because most comic books do their own way. It can be adventurous to see what the comics going to end up like.
Answer 12
Millions of credit card holders who bought add-on services from Bank of America may be in line for substantial payments from the company thanks to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.
The CFPB determined that the bank used deceptive marketing tactics to sell services such as “credit protection deluxe” and then unfairly billed consumers for services they weren't actually receiving.
According to documents released by the CFPB on Wednesday, up to 2.9 million consumers will split some $727 million in refunds as a result of the consent order the bank negotiated with CFPB.
Related: Colleges Trick Parents on Financial Aid Rewards
“We have consistently warned companies about illegal practices related to credit card add-on products,” said CFPB Director Richard Cordray. “Bank of America both deceived consumers and unfairly billed consumers for services not performed. We will not tolerate such practices and will continue to be vigilant in our pursuit of companies who wrong consumers in this market.”
The agency says the problems began with the telemarketers who were charged with selling the credit protection programs. Customers were told that if they purchased the product, Bank of America would cancel a portion of their debt in the event of certain adverse events, such as involuntary unemployment or disability.
The problem is that the telemarketers misstated the details of the program in the scripts read to consumers and that in some cases, the telemarketers didn't bother with the script at all. That failure resulted in misleading sales pitches and leaving out important information.
The agency contends that the bank's representatives misled customers about a number of things, including whether or not the first month of coverage was free, and exactly what protection was being provided. Other customers were signed up for the product despite being given the impression that they had only agreed to receive more information about it.
Related: Rough Week for an Agency Targeted by the GOP
With regard to other “credit protection” products, the CFPB found that Bank of America had billed customers for services that they did not receive, sometimes causing them to exceed their credit limits and incur fees and increased interest charges.
On top of reimbursing customers $727 million, the agreement requires the bank to pay a $20 million civil penalty to the CFPB. The bank will also face a $25 million civil penalty payable to its primary regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency.
The bank acknowledged the agreement in a press release Wednesday, noting, “Bank of America stopped marketing identity theft protection products in December 2011 and credit card debt cancellation products in August of 2012.” The bank's release reported a slightly higher amount of money that will be repaid to customers, putting the figure at $738 million.
Top Reads from The Fiscal Times
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Those looking to fill the gaping, Dark Souls-shaped hole in their lives have been keeping a close eye on Bandai Namco's Code Vein. Dubbed "anime Dark Souls" by many, it draws heavy influence from From Software's acclaimed Souls series, most notably in its difficulty. Check out the Code Vein Tokyo Game Show trailer if you want to see how it's also borrowing some of the mood and feel too.
GameSpot recently got some hands-on time with the English build of Code Vein, which is similar to the one shown at Tokyo Game Show but features a little extra time to explore and the opportunity to face a boss. Of course, we captured our experience for your viewing pleasure.
We weren't given an indication of how far into the game the section we were exploring was, but with the suite of powers, gifts, and equipment, I get the feeling that it's not the start of the game. The above gameplay has a few deaths and backtracking edited out, so enjoy 13 minutes of uninterrupted monster killing.
The fearsome Queen's Knight boss, as you've no doubt gathered, can be quite tricky. However, I managed to bring her down--albeit on my eighth attempt. Since the Queen's Knight is very aggressive, I opted to use my buffs and saved as many healing items as I could before stepping into the fray. Check out the fight below.
We'll have more from Code Vein soon, so if you've enjoyed what you've seen so far then make sure you keep your eye on GameSpot for more coverage.
Code Vein is slated to release in early 2018 for PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC. We recently learned that it will not have an easier difficulty setting; instead, players will be able to freely change their character's stats during the course of the game to adapt to new challenges.
On Sunday, one of the year's most fascinating television events will come to a close when “Twin Peaks: The Return” airs its two-hour finale. It's now apparent that the show's co-creators, David Lynch and Mark Frost, had something very different in mind than a simple sequel series. Until this week's episode, the original show's beloved main character, the F.B.I. agent Dale Cooper (Kyle MacLachlan) was nowhere to be found. Sort of. It's complicated.
Since Mr. Lynch has straddled the TV-movie divide for much of his career, The New York Times TV and movie critics James Poniewozik and Manohla Dargis met above a certain convenience store to discuss the first 16 hours of “The Return.”
MANOHLA DARGIS “Finally!” – to quote one of the most perfectly timed jokes of this glorious season.
JAMES PONIEWOZIK They called this series, “Twin Peaks: The Return.” I don't think we realized it was going to be more like “The Eternal Return.” It was 16 episodes before the Dale Cooper we knew rematerialized. He was Odysseus, but instead of on a ship, he was waylaid in the life of one Douglas (Dougie) Jones of Las Vegas.
It was a hell of a payoff. Mr. MacLachlan shows you Cooper before he speaks a word — his eyes popping eagerly open, shaking off the Dougie Novocain. Was it too late? I don't think so, but then I wasn't too interested in “Twin Peaks” cranking up its old hits in the first place.
Full text of "1956 US Marine Corps PFT Order"
Who was deceived? Peter Mandelson said the 37 heavy-hitting businessmen were "deceived" by the Conservatives. Surely not. They know exactly what they are doing – rooting for the low tax, small state, cut-the-public-services party. Some are Tory donors, some like Sir Christopher Gent famously said they would leave Britain if Labour won in 1997; but here they still are.
All are phenomenally highly paid. Their righteous protests that the national insurance rise is a "tax on jobs" is good cover but they heard David Cameron's dog-whistle promise (when circumstances permit) to abolish the 50% tax rate. Genuine concern about unemployment would consider the cascade of £12bn worth of public service jobs that will be lost to finance this tax cut.
No, it was Labour that was deceived. Some of these businessmen (all are men) are on the PM's business council. Courted assiduously, they gave nothing in return, like the shameless Digby Jones who took a peerage and ran off after a year to rubbish his Labour benefactors. Cameron says their support marks "a very important moment" – and so it is. This is his real "big society", not a photo opportunity with volunteers but a gathering of the Tory clans. All Labour did with its prawn cocktail charm offensive was stricken a deal: honours, praise and no new taxes on the rich in exchange for a muting of their overt assaults. But, just like Murdoch, once these wealthy few had a credible candidate, out came their guns.
The deal meant Labour never confronted the worsening dysfunctions of modern capitalism. Powerless or negligent shareholders chasing short-term profit provided no effective governance of these signatories. The crisis has brought warnings from all sides; even the CBI chief admonishes big company bosses who "occupy a different galaxy". The governor of the Bank of England, the head of the FSA, Lord Myners and the head of the Treasury select committee all express widely held anxiety that lessons have not been learned, risking a terminal crash next time.
But why should these masters of the universe listen? They personally are at no risk: bankers paid no price. These deregulators and anti-taxers are by nature monopolists, as Labour supporters will find if they try to boycott their businesses. Lacking tough government control, they manipulate markets, bully politicians and harry regulators. Pontificating, most are economically, politically and socially ignorant of their country. They are absolutely unaccountable to the public. If they venture into a studio, they get kid-glove respect compared with politicians – but in general they shun public appearance for fear of questioning on why, in only a decade, their pay has risen from 47 times to 81 times the average.
Looking back now, it's odd how insecure Labour was back in 1997, despite a mighty Commons majority, overwhelming good will, a strong economy, nothing to fear. Labour had the brains to know what should be done – but it flinched. As long as money from business and the City flowed into the Treasury to spend on tax credits, Sure Start, schools and hospitals, then that deal held. No criticism on pay, no scrutiny, no troubling their tax havens, no probing failed corporate governance. Not until the bubble burst has Labour dared make slight recalibrations. From Cameron, nothing; the "change" man offering no change at all.
This is the real class war, as old as the hills. Never mind Eton collars – Conservatives represent money in all its forms, old and new. Always did, always will. Labour colluded in the deception of the public, pretending "middle Britain" was bigger and richer than it was. It is only just dawning on the true middle that they didn't share in the growth of the fat years. As 65% of people earn below average, the median earners – the real middle on around £23,000 – gained little. They did get better public services, but now risk losing those if the current deficit mania groupthink really leads to tougher cuts than Thatcher's. Let's hope all parties are bluffing: such brutalism is politically impossible without strikes and riots. "Efficiency saving" as a euphemism for cuts is the worst deception.
What might Labour do? Still wrangling over the manifesto, their only hope is to be the change that Cameron isn't. Even adopting a few of the beacon policies to be published next week by Compass would energise Labour support – and the opinion polling proves it. Electoral reform to break the Westminster stalemate (65% support), splitting banks to shed their casinos (68%), cut Trident (63%), take back the railways (70%), ban advertising to children (77%), replace fees with a fairer graduate tax (88%), a Robin Hood tax on bank transactions (53%), cap loan shark interest rates (89%), create a high-pay commission (65%) – and a living wage (58%).
Take just one of these, the living wage. Escorted round the Ocean estate by London Citizens community organisers, Cameron was confronted with hard truths. Before his election, this group lobbying for a living wage cornered Boris Johnson into keeping Ken Livingstone's pledge to pay £7.60 a hour to all GLA staff and contractors. This week London Citizens cornered Cameron too so he blurted out: "Boris has done a brilliant job by going for a living wage and I think government departments should all consider that." There! Bank it, Labour. Make a manifesto promise to phase it in.
Tucked away in last month's Low Pay Commission report is research by the Institute for Fiscal Studies, estimating that for every 10% the minimum wage rises, the state saves between £560m and £680m in credits and benefits. With the minimum at a puny £5.91, the taxpayer is subsidising employers such as those signatories to pay people non-survivable wages.
When I talked to 14-year-old Tia this week, she burst into tears as she said she described going without lunch at school. Her family of five is just above free school meal limits, but high rent, council tax and debts leaves them eating mostly soup and lentils. One brother reluctantly left school to work as a hotel cleaner, the next is about to leave, though wanting to go to college. Her mother and grandmother have worked together for 12 years for an office cleaning contractor. "They are treated like slaves!" Tia says. Her grandmother has bad osteoporosis but has to keep earning, yet despite fearing for their jobs they joined the London Citizens campaign. Where do they work? They clean the chancellor's office in the Treasury.
For this years Social Design Award from SPIEGEL ONLINE and SPIEGEL WISSEN, were seeking the best ideas for bringing more life to parks and green areas in our cities.
The Competition
Taking a stroll, enjoying the flowers, reading a book under the shade of a tree, sitting on a bench and enjoying the sun: There are many ways to relax in the park. But public green areas  including traffic islands, river banks or even the small areas surrounding clumps of trees in the city  offer opportunities to deepen community roots by way of communal projects.
And precisely that is the focus of the Social Design Award competition presented by SPIEGEL WISSEN and SPIEGEL ONLINE, in cooperation with German home improvement retailer BAUHAUS. This is the award's fourth year and we are looking for innovative ideas to bring life to green areas in the city, ideas that move people to get involved in their green city oases, in their neighborhoods and in their cities.
Anyone can submit their ideas and projects using the form on this page. Submissions must be received by August 31, after which a jury of experts will evaluate the projects and create a shortlist of the best ones. Starting in early October, the jury and SPIEGEL ONLINE readers will each vote for their favorites from this shortlist. The winners of this year's Social Design Award will receive prizes of 2,500 euros and will be presented on SPIEGEL ONLINE and in the Dec. 12 issue of SPIEGEL WISSEN.
We look forward to your participation!
Since Tommy Robinson (real name Stephen Yaxley-Lennon) co published his anti Islam book “Mohammed's Koran” with Peter McClaughlin he has been immersed in an attempt to justify his platform of anti Muslim rhetoric and to present himself as having evolved from the thug of his EDL/ex convict days into an activist rather than a hater.
Unfortunately for Tommy all the white washing (pun intended) in the world cannot hide the fact that this man is a racist, bigoted hater with a personal agenda against the Muslims living in our country.
We have collected a selection of Tommy's tweets – all of which are genuine and not photoshopped or altered in any way – to illustrate plainly what kind of man he is and to clearly demonstrate the contempt he displays for his fellow human beings.
It doesn't matter how many times he attempts to reinvent himself, his history as an individual who attempts to cause division and disunity for his own personal gain will always follow him.
Roanna Carleton Taylor
Outlander‘s second season may have just come to its devastating conclusion, but Outlander fans can still get their dose of dreamy Jamie Fraser, a.k.a. Sam Heughan, gift wrapped under their tree this Christmas — thanks to his latest collaboration with heritage brand Barbour.
Heughan was named the brand's global ambassador in July, and since then, he's taken up the tartan mantle to front the brand's holiday campaign and help design a capsule for early 2017.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
The 36-year-old actor, who first collaborated with Barbour when he led the charge as the Grand Marshal in N.Y.C.'s New York Tartan Day parade in February, is no stranger to manly plaid attire and verdant British hillsides, thanks to his Outlander experience. (He's also no stranger to the dangers of wearing a kilt on wet grass.)
But for this campaign, shot at Oxford, England's grand Wytham Abbey, he added something even more delicious to the mix: two adorable puppies (yes, seriously — feast your eyes!).
“I worked with a couple of chocolate Labradors, which were a lot of fun. Very excitable,” Heughan tells PeopleStyle. “They're cute. I think they should actually… be the new face of Barbour.” (We beg to differ!)
RELATED VIDEO: Is Sam Heughan Allowed to Cut His Long Outlander Locks?
He also gave a little insight into what fans can expect from his first clothing collaboration for the brand. “I hope I'm not giving away too much, but Barbour is well-known for their jackets, so you'll find that there's a nice selection there,” he says. “They've really taken on board the suggestions that I like, and yeah, it's very quintessentially Barbour — they're using all of their heritage and their history. They look great, they feel great and hopefully people like them as well.”
RELATED PHOTOS: 12 Fall Steals You'll Want to Own (They're All Under $100!)
Modeling easy-to-wear items is a nice break from the period attire he wears on the show, but he's not complaining: He's more than happy to stick with his kilt, especially when compared to his female co-stars' garments. In particular, that show-stopping swan nipple dress.
“As beautiful as [the swan nipple dress] looks, I have no desire to [wear it],” Heughan tells PeopleStyle, laughing. “The women on the show have all of the corsets, the underwear and the underdressing they have to wear. It is really is a lot of material to be worn. So I feel very fortunate to be wearing kilts. They're very easy to put on — and very easy to take off.”
In the upcoming season, which is based on Diana Gabaldon's third book of the Outlander series, Voyager, Heughan and the rest of the cast embark on a new journey, which leads them to some new (and exotic!) locales.
“In this season, we span over 20 years — we go to Scotland, Jamaica and England and also end up in North Carolina, so it's a real adventure,” he says, adding that they filmed a few scenes the crew didn't even know about. “I was like, ‘Oh my God. What are you doing?' So there's going to be some surprises and really dramatic, epic scenes.”
But what's not surprising? The show's true star — Jamie's long, luscious ginger curls, which won't be going anywhere, anytime soon, says Heughan. (His trim waistline? Well, that may be a different story.)
“[Caitriona and my] hair is very much a part of the show,” he says. “It's all about big hair. Claire's hair is very unkempt. And same with Jamie. His hair is very much a part of who he is — the color and the look to him. It's an honor playing this character for over three years now. It feels like a part of me. It'll be a sad day when I'll have to lose it [the hair].” Um, we second that.
Are you excited for season 3 of Outlander? Share below!
Michigan Rep. John Conyers, a Democrat and the longest-serving member of the House, said Tuesday he is resigning, following a BuzzFeed News investigation unveiling allegations of sexual harassment by multiple women and a secret settlement to keep one staffer quiet.
Conyers' lawyer clarified on Twitter that the congressman's resignation is effective Tuesday. The congressman made the announcement official in a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan and Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi Tuesday afternoon.
Conyers, who was hospitalized last week and has not made public appearances since then, made the announcement himself on the Mildred Gaddis Show, a talk radio program in Detroit, Tuesday morning.
Conyers said his legacy would "absolutely not" be tarnished by the sexual harassment allegations against him. "My legacy can't be compromised or diminished in any way by what we're going through now," he said. "This too shall pass."
During the interview, Conyers endorsed his son John Conyers III to replace him in Congress, saying: "I want you to know that my legacy will continue through my children. I have a great family here. And especially in my oldest boy John Conyers III, who incidentally I endorse to replace me in my seat in Congress."
The endorsement came despite the congressman's nephew Michigan state Sen. Ian Conyers telling BuzzFeed News last week that he would run for his great-uncle's seat should Conyers retire or resign. The 29-year-old Democrat reiterated his plans to run for the seat in a Tuesday interview with the New York Times, before the congressman made his announcement official.
Asked whether the congressman's decision to endorse his son would change his plans to run for the seat, Ian Conyers told BuzzFeed News: "Not one bit."
Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder's office told BuzzFeed News Tuesday that he would announce a special election once he had received official notice from Conyers of his intention to leave Congress.
Conyers' decision comes amid several calls for his resignation, including from Ryan, Pelosi and Rep. Jim Clyburn, a powerful member of the Congressional Black Caucus.
Conyers settled a wrongful dismissal complaint in 2015 that alleged years of sexual harassment, including requests for sex acts from staff and inappropriate comments and touching, according to documents obtained and published by BuzzFeed News last month. The documents, which include four affidavits from former staffers, show that Conyers temporarily returned the employee at the center of the complaint to his office's taxpayer-funded payroll for her to receive more than $27,000 in a hushed settlement.
After BuzzFeed News published its investigation, Conyers confirmed the 2015 settlement, but he repeatedly denied the sexual harassment allegations.
BuzzFeed News withheld the former staffer's name at her request at the time, but on Thursday Marion Brown came forward publicly, telling the Today Show about her experience. Brown said she decided to speak out because Conyers had denied the allegations.
In addition to Brown, four other women have accused Conyers of sexual harassment. These include two former staffers, whose names BuzzFeed News is not publishing, alleging that Conyers made sexual advances towards them when they worked in his office, according to affidavits they wrote in support of Brown's case. Another former staffer, Deanna Maher, told the Detroit News that the congressman made sexual advances toward her on three occasions.
BuzzFeed News uncovered a fifth woman, another former staffer who alleged sexual harassment and a hostile environment in a lawsuit she sought to file against Conyers and two of his employees. The woman abandoned the case after her request to keep it sealed was denied, according to public court documents.
Additionally, ethics lawyer Melanie Sloan told the Washington Post that Conyers verbally abused her during her time working in his office in the 1990s.
Conyers had repeatedly brushed aside calls for his resignation. He returned home to Detroit last week, missing votes in the House, and was hospitalized on Wednesday night for what a spokesman said was "a stress-related illness."
Conyers' lawyer insisted as recently as Thursday that the congressman would not step down, rebuffing calls by Pelosi and others to do so. "It is not up to Nancy Pelosi, Nancy Pelosi did not elect the Congressman and she sure as hell won't tell the Congressman to leave," he told reporters outside Conyers' home.
Later, lawyer Arnold Reed softened his tone on the issue, saying Conyers would make the final decision about his political future, citing his health. Conyers had pushed for more time to make his decision in order to get another paycheck, a Democratic aide confirmed to BuzzFeed News.
Conyers did not mention any of the allegations against him in his resignation letter Tuesday.
Chicago Teachers Union president Karen Lewis said union members are showing "overwhelming" support for a strike, according to the Chicago Tribune. CTU and the Chicago Public Schools have been in contract negotiations for four months and are still far from coming to an agreement.
The parties have been embroiled in conflict for a while now over the district's implementation of policies that extend the school day and tie teacher evaluations to student performance. In the current negotiations, according to the Tribune, the union has asked for a nearly 30 percent raise over two years24 percent next year and 5 percent the year afterwhile the district is offering a 2 percent raise next year and then turning to a merit pay system. Lewis, not known for being reserved in her rhetoric, said, "I have never seen anything like this hostile climate that exists right now."
Schools chief Jean-Claude Brizard said in a news conference, "It's unfortunate that the CTU will be talking about a strike when we know we have so much work we have to do within our schools."
Lewis claimed an informal poll of members at 150 schools indicates that nearly all teachers are ready to walk out. However, a new Illinois law has made a walkout difficult to initiate. At least 75 percent of all union members need to approve a strike, rather than a majority of voters as previously required. In addition, the law requires a series of stepsincluding a panel review and fact-finding processbe taken before a strike can occur, which would take at least four months to complete, pushing the possibility of a strike into the next school year.
Education policy expert Rod Estvan told the paper that membership "polling is also a negotiating tool on the part of the CTU to try to get a better offer."
If a strike were to take place, it would be the first in Chicago in 15 years.
CORRECTION: The last teacher strike in Chicago was in 198725 years ago. HT to a vigilant reader.
A South African court decision to lift a ban on trading rhino horn has divided conservationists. In the race against poachers a solution must be found quickly – but the wrong decision could be catastrophic
Time is fast running out for the rhinoceros. In their final stronghold of South Africa, rampant poaching for horn threatens to wipe out the last 20,000 southern white rhinos in less than two decades.
Among conservation scientists, there is deep uncertainty over how best to respond to the poaching crisis. Many express reserved support for the controversial idea of a legalised international trade in rhino horn.
On Thursday, the high court in Pretoria lifted South Africa's ban on domestic trade after being petitioned by landowners who say the only way to protect the beasts is to make them too valuable to let die.
Much of the poaching is occurring in Kruger national park, which is the size of Wales and lost 827 animals in 2014. There, the government has been forced to mobilise the army in a vain effort to combat poachers.
Rhinos in small ranches are easier to protect. Here, in semi-wild, fenced in habitats, they are bred by landowners who try to turn a buck through safari tourism. But in the present, high-security climate, the cost of keeping private herds safe is overwhelming landowners.
“If they don't find a way of making enough money to at least reimburse them for caring for the rhinos, they are just going to release them. And then they'll be dead. I mean they'll get poached right away,” said Dr Daniel Stiles, a consultant on the illegal wildlife trade for the UN, International Union for Conservation of Nature and various NGOs.
But the raising of South Africa's domestic ban is likely to be meaningless, as there is little demand within South Africa. Horn is mostly consumed in China and Vietnam, where it is sold on the black market. Exports of rhino horn were banned in 1977 under the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (Cites).
“Who will buy it if export is illegal? Smugglers, I guess,” said Stiles.
Under a legalised trade, proponents say the adults would be de-horned and the keratin powdered and sold on the Vietnamese and Chinese market, where it is a popular snake-oil cure-all. A 2014 study by Dr Enrico di Minin found the legal trade could generate up to $717m (£476m) profit each year. The extra commodification of rhinos will attract investment in game farms. Because horns grow back, landowners argue the resource is considered to be “renewable”.
Di Minin said this amount of money, if it was directed to conservation efforts, was theoretically enough to stem the poaching crisis. Unlike deeply unstable central African countries where elephants are also suffering heavy poaching, he said South Africa's corruption was at a level where much of the money meant for conservation would be used for that purpose.
Stiles said the creation of a virtuous economic cycle was the “ultimate goal” of any conservation effort. “It means that people who live with wildlife benefit from it and the wildlife numbers don't go down as a result,” he said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A ranger looks on after performing a post mortem on the carcass of a rhino killed by poachers in Kruger national park. Photograph: Siphiwe Sibeko/Reuters
On Thursday, South Africa's Environment Ministry immediately appealed the high court's decision, meaning the ban stays in place for now. But the South African government is said to be strongly considering a petition to Cites next year in which they will call for the legalisation of horn exports.
Stiles said any move to overturn the four-decade old international ban was highly unlikely to succeed. “Unfortunately the animal rights people don't accept sustainable utilisation,” he said.
A statement from the Save the Rhino NGO, which has yet to reach a conclusion on viability of the legal trade, said: “If South Africa does submit a proposal to Cites to trade in rhino horn internationally, and it is rejected, what exactly will these investors do with their newly acquired rhino horns?” It added that stockpiles of horn taken from dehorned animals on private farms as a means of deterring poachers were already vulnerable to theft.
Even if a trade to the Far East was made legal, di Minin said there was no certainty the huge spike in poaching in the past seven years and eye-watering prices on the black market (estimated at around $60,000 per kilo), would necessarily translate to high demand.
“It might be that it is extremely high and it might be that it is extremely low and it's just because these guys [the smugglers] are stockpiling in anticipation of future scarcity of the goods,” he said.
The critical debate in rhino conservation divides those who support a legal trade and those who believe the only way to save rhinos is to kill demand in the Far East.
In the race against the poachers, there is no time to choose the wrong path. For those gambling that they can win the hearts and minds of the Chinese and Vietnamese before the last rhinos disappear, a legal trade has the potential to be a distraction. Or even worse, to actually bolster demand.
The World Wildlife Fund said it regretted the South African court's judgement. “Lifting the domestic moratorium can only encourage poaching and illegal activity, especially as it is likely to be misconstrued as a lifting of the current international trade ban,” said Dr Jo Shaw, rhino programme manager for WWF South Africa.
“A legalised trade may indeed produce positive conservation outcomes or it may have a catastrophic impact on what is already a conservation emergency for rhinos – so caution must indeed be exercised,” said Sabri Zain, director of policy at the anti-poaching watchdog Traffic. “To date, there are no known workable, practical mechanisms for the legal trade in rhino horn that have been proposed by the government. Thus, much of the attention and speculation around this topic seem premature.”
Legal trade advocates often point to the example of South America's vicuñas, which have been managed for their fur since the 1990s.
Cristian Bonacic, of the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile, was one of the scientists who set up the vicuña programme. He told National Geographic the trade had worked for a short time. But the development of the internet and globilised trade had made it impossible to monitor all sales of vicuña fur. In the end, the experiment had made the poaching problem much worse.
“The romantic view that local communities can use an animal sustainably is simply no longer feasible in the 21st century,” he said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Part of a haul of 33 unmanifested rhino horns, 758 ivory chopsticks and 127 ivory bracelets, worth about $2.23m seized by Hong Kong customs in a container shipped from Cape Town. Photograph: Kin Cheung/AP
But di Minin said there may be a third way, in which international trade in rhino horn was temporarily legalised. This would raise enough money in the short term to protect the remaining rhinos.
“If we do this in the short term for five to 10 years, we might find ourselves with the rhino population doubled in size in the meantime and we actually move it away from the brink of extinction,” he said. This would give time for education and awareness raising to cut demand in China, where young people are being targeted to debunk false beliefs about the medicinal benefits of the horn.
But even though he supports the legal trade in theory, Stiles said the point was essentially moot.
“I just don't see it going anywhere. I don't see China and Vietnam legalising the sale of rhino horn in the near future, it's just not going to happen,” he said. “Things are looking pretty bleak for rhinos.”
This article is about Austrian violinist and composer Fritz Kreisler. He is not to be confused with Fritz Crisler
External audio You may listen to Fritz Kreisler performing Alt-Wiener Tanzweisen (Liebesfreud - Love's Joy), Liebeslied (Love's Sorrow) and Schön Rosmarin (Lovely Rosemary) in 1943 here on archive.org
Friedrich "Fritz" Kreisler (February 2, 1875 – January 29, 1962) was an Austrian-born violinist and composer.[1] One of the most noted violin masters of his day, and regarded as one of the greatest violinists of all time, he was known for his sweet tone and expressive phrasing. Like many great violinists of his generation, he produced a characteristic sound which was immediately recognizable as his own. Although it derived in many respects from the Franco-Belgian school, his style is nonetheless reminiscent of the gemütlich (cozy) lifestyle of pre-war Vienna.
Biography [ edit ]
Kreisler was born in Vienna, the son of Anna (née Reaches)[note 1] and Samuel Kreisler, a doctor.[2][3] Of Jewish heritage, he was however baptised at the age of 12. He studied at the Vienna Conservatory under Anton Bruckner, Jakob Dont and Joseph Hellmesberger Jr., and in Paris, where his teachers included Léo Delibes, Lambert Massart and Jules Massenet. While in Paris, he won the "Premier Grand Prix de Rome" gold medal at the age of 12, competing against 40 other players, all of whom were at least 20 years of age.[4]
He made his United States debut at the Steinway Hall in New York City on November 10, 1888, and his first tour of the United States in 1888–1889 with Moriz Rosenthal. He then returned to Austria and applied for a position in the Vienna Philharmonic, but was turned down by the concertmaster Arnold Rosé. As a result, he left music to study medicine. He spent a brief time in the army before returning to the violin in 1899, when he gave a concert with the Berlin Philharmonic conducted by Arthur Nikisch. It was this concert and a series of American tours from 1901 to 1903 that brought him real acclaim.
In 1910, Kreisler gave the premiere of Sir Edward Elgar's Violin Concerto, a work commissioned by and dedicated to him. He served briefly in the Austrian Army in World War I before being honourably discharged after he was wounded. He arrived in New York on November 24, 1914,[5] and spent the remainder of the war in America. He returned to Europe in 1924, living first in Berlin, then moving to France in 1938. Shortly thereafter, at the outbreak of World War II, he settled once again in the United States, becoming a naturalized citizen in 1943. He lived there for the rest of his life, giving his last public concert in 1947, and broadcasting performances for a few years after that.
On April 26, 1941, he was involved in a serious traffic accident. Struck by a truck while crossing a street in New York, he suffered a fractured skull and was in a coma for over a week.[6]
In his later years, he suffered from not only some hearing loss but also sight deterioration due to cataracts.[7]
Kreisler died of a heart condition aggravated by old age in New York City in 1962.[1] He was interred in a private mausoleum in Woodlawn Cemetery, The Bronx, New York City.
Legacy [ edit ]
Kreisler wrote a number of pieces for the violin, including solos for encores, such as "Liebesleid" and "Liebesfreud". Some of Kreisler's compositions were pastiches ostensibly in the style of other composers. They were originally ascribed to earlier composers, such as Gaetano Pugnani, Giuseppe Tartini and Antonio Vivaldi, and then, in 1935, Kreisler revealed that it was he who wrote the pieces. When critics complained, Kreisler replied that they had already deemed the compositions worthy: "The name changes, the value remains", he said. He also wrote operettas, including Apple Blossoms in 1919[8] and Sissy [de] in 1932, a string quartet, and cadenzas, including ones for Brahms's Violin Concerto, Paganini's D major Violin Concerto, and Beethoven's Violin Concerto. His cadenzas for the Beethoven concerto are the ones most often played by violinists today.
He wrote the music for the 1936 movie The King Steps Out directed by Josef von Sternberg, based on the early years of Empress Elisabeth of Austria.
Kreisler performed and recorded his own version of the first movement of Paganini's D major Violin Concerto. The movement is rescored and in some places reharmonised, and the orchestral introduction is completely rewritten in some places. The overall effect is of a late-nineteenth-century work.
Kreisler owned several antique violins made by luthiers Antonio Stradivari, Pietro Guarneri, Giuseppe Guarneri, and Carlo Bergonzi, most of which eventually came to bear his name. He also owned a Jean-Baptiste Vuillaume violin of 1860, which he often used as his second violin,[9] and which he often loaned to the young prodigy Josef Hassid. In 1952 he donated his Giuseppe Guarneri to the Library of Congress in Washington, D.C. where it remains in use for performances given in the library.[10]
On recordings, Kreisler's style resembles that of his younger contemporary Mischa Elman, with a tendency toward expansive tempi, a continuous and varied vibrato, expressive phrasing, and a melodic approach to passage-work. Kreisler makes considerable use of portamento and rubato[citation needed]. The two violinists' approaches are less similar in big works of the standard repertoire, such as Felix Mendelssohn's Violin Concerto, than in smaller pieces.
A trip to a Kreisler concert is recounted in Siegfried Sassoon's 1928 autobiographical novel Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man.
Work [ edit ]
Compositions [ edit ]
Recordings [ edit ]
Kreisler's work has been reasonably well represented on both LP and CD reissues. Original masters were made on RCA Victor and HMV. His final recordings were made in 1950.
Broadway [ edit ]
La Gitana Composed in 1917 after an 18th century Arabo-Spanish Gypsy song. Performed by Carrie Rehkopf (2:54) Problems playing this file? See media help.
Apple Blossoms (1919) – operetta – co-composer;
(1919) – operetta – co-composer; Continental Varieties (1934) – revue – featured composer for "Caprice Viennois" and "La Gitana";
(1934) – revue – featured composer for "Caprice Viennois" and "La Gitana"; Reunion in New York (1940) – revue – featured composer for "Stars in Your Eyes";
(1940) – revue – featured composer for "Stars in Your Eyes"; Rhapsody (1944) – musical – composer.
Autobiography [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ Her original Hebrew name, listed in her sons' birth certificates was "Chaje Riwe" (rendered as "Chaje Ribe" in his brother Hugo's record).
References [ edit ]
Okay, so I was just going through the lineup to Okeechobee Music Fest, trying to find some cool low tier bands to check out and I saw Con Brio. It's not often that I am instantly taken away by a band like this, but holy shit. I got goose bumps, as soon as the lead singer, Ziek McCarter, let out the first lyrics I was taken to a world of funk, soul and jazz that I haven't been in a long time.
From guitar to saxophone and every instrument in between, these are some insanely talented dudes.
As I type this up I am moving along in my seat making some dumb ass “solo faces”
They're like a modern James Brown mixed with some London Souls and St. Paul and the Broken Bones . I've only listened to three songs so far, but they were so good I had to write about them right away.
“‘Free & Brave' is in part a response to the Black Lives Matter movement, but it was also created to serve as a reminder — to myself and to whoever finds joy in that song — that there is a light there. We don't have to get bogged down, we don't have to feel helpless,” says McCarter. “We might not see it on a daily basis, but we are still ‘the land of the free and home of the brave'…I still take pride in that, in what pieces of joy and happiness we can create here with our actions.”
Keep an eye on these guys, they're something special that doesn't along very often.
I look forward to checking these guys out along with a bunch of other super talented artists at Okeechobee Music Fest in March this year.
ISIS Reportedly Carries Out Mass Kidnapping Of Factory Workers In Syria
ISIS has conducted a mass kidnapping of industrial workers near Syria's capital, Damascus, according to Syrian state media and an independent rights group.
There are conflicting reports about how many people were taken from the al-Badiyeh Cement Co., located northwest of Damascus in the town of Dumeir. NPR's Alison Meuse tells our Newscast Unit that the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says 170 people were kidnapped, but Syrian state media puts that number at more than 300.
Here's more from Alison:
"Syria's minister of industry says his office is working to free hundreds of workers. They were abducted by ISIS from an industrial zone. A local official tells state media he saw the men being transported toward the eastern suburbs of Damascus. His office earlier received more than 100 workers fleeing a separate factory. "ISIS is known for executing those accused of working with the Assad regime, including civilian employees. In recent weeks, the extremists have faced setbacks as Assad's forces push the group further from the densely populated area around the capital."
A ministry of industry official said the company has not been able to reach any of the kidnapped workers, according to SANA, the Syrian state newswire.
The Associated Press reports that "militants launched a surprise attack against government forces earlier this week" in the same area as the factory.
The wire service adds: "There was no formal responsibility claim for the kidnapping, but the IS-linked Aamaq agency posted a video showing the deserted cement factory, located near a military air base."
Islam Alloush, a spokesman for the Army of Islam rebel group that has a presence in the area of the kidnapping, told the AP that "Islamic militants attacked five targets in the town, including other insurgents' positions near the airport." He added that the Army of Islam assisted some workers who escaped.
Also on Thursday, U.N. Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura told reporters that they are planning to resume peace talks during the week of April 11, though he says the exact date has not been set.
Brenda Chase Via Getty Images
I'll never forget May 24,1991. It was a sunny Friday and my friends and I went to the Old Orchard Theater in Skokie, IL. to see the opening of the film Truth or Dare. I was still the only huge Madonna fan left in the group. The other guys respected her up until she did the lesbian kiss in the video for "Justify My Love," released on video cassette after it was banned on MTV five months earlier. We talked about it on the way to the theater in the early afternoon.
"Yeah, that video is so sick," I said, fully knowing I was a closeted homosexual, as were at least two of the five people who went with us -- all pretending to be macho straight guys.
I knew the movie would contain questionable content, but that it did receive good reviews. Besides, Madonna could attempt to murder me at that time and I would still forgive her. This was 1991, when Madonna was the Queen of the Universe. There was no mainstream Internet, but she ruled the radio airwaves, the music charts, conservative protests, magazine covers and just about everything else.
We laughed at the beginning of the film, especially when Madonna says, "I'm waiting!" only a couple seconds after she requests help on stage with the sound at a show in Japan. At that time, Madonna's narcissist behavior and rudeness were part of her appeal.
The scenes with her flamboyant dancers made me uncomfortable. Was I uncomfortable because of the very conservative environment that our country was going through at the time, when gay people were thought of as evil? Was I uncomfortable because her dancers reminded me that I was different and would have to soon face my differences if I wasn't going to commit suicide (which is what many gay men did at the time)? Was I uncomfortable because I thought that if I was to come out, these men didn't represent me at all?
There were other raunchy scenes, but they were more funny than disgusting, although at least ten people in the theater had walked out. However, the scene where Madonna's dancer Oliver talks about the problems of being the only straight dancer on the tour led into something that changed my life forever. It was a scene of a gay pride parade - something I had never seen before. I knew they existed, but I didn't know several thousands participated in them. I didn't even realize there were several thousand other homosexuals in the world.
In the scene, Madonna's dancers stand in the sidelines while people march, screaming, "We're here. We're queer. Get used to us!" There are all types of people in the scene: some flamboyant, some simple, some old, some young, some dressed outrageously and some dressed conservatively. In other words, they represented everybody. "Even I could fit in there," I thought.
That moment changed my life. I felt a tear form in my right eye and wiped it right away, just so my friends wouldn't suspect I was gay since I was moved by the scene. I felt a tingling sensation in my legs that was both powerful and relieving. Even though I still felt I was nothing like Madonna's dancers, they were now my heroes. They let me know that it was okay to be different. Even if you are a part of the LGBT community, you wouldn't understand what I felt unless you lived through the 80s or early 90s as a teenager.
When I remember the decision to accept myself no matter the consequences (and believe me, there were some major consequences), I always remember that scene in Madonna's Truth or Dare at that Midwest movie theater. Even though Skokie wasn't considered a conservative town (the majority of people there voted for Bill Clinton in the 1992 election), saying the word "gay" was still considered a sin in the early 1990s.
There was another scene where two of Madonna's male dancers kissed each other. I remember the collective shock and awe the theater experienced. Those who stayed through the film thought they had seen it all. I remember hearing word such as "gross," "sick," "disgusting" and even "Jesus," but I just laughed. I can't say the same thing about my friends.
Truth or Dare was the first mainstream gay film that many people, gay or straight, saw. It led to acceptance of future films and television shows with gay themes (Roseanne being the biggest). Madonna's career was hurt by this film as well as future gay and sex-themed projects that alienated a lot of her fan base. However, as many gay men who grew up during that time will admit, it changed their lives. Of course, Madonna's LGBT activism certainly didn't end with Truth or Dare and she even influenced Ellen DeGeneres to come out of the closet and change history herself.
It's important to recognize the dancers in this film just as much as Madonna for putting these scenes out there. Little did they know that they would be a part of pop culture history and would lead to LGBT acceptance. Little did they know how much controversy the film would cause.
Madonna's dancers from the film, with the exception of Gabrielle Trupin who died of complications from AIDS, will appear in a documentary called Strike a Pose, which premieres at the Berlin Film Festival this week. According to the Independent, the film deals with how the dancers inspired many gay men to come to terms with themselves, how the tour affected their lives and -- most importantly -- what became of them after the tour.
BOULDER, Colo. (JTA) – There's not much to see yet at the site of this city's new Jewish community center, just some trailers and earth-moving equipment covered in snow.
But the first inhabitants already are on site living in a pair of sheds. Though it's cold, they don't complain much. That's because they're goats and chickens.
With five goats and some 40 hens, the animal farm is a key part of the $27 million center slated to open on 12 acres in the summer of 2016. Already operating as a co-op for fresh eggs and goat's milk, the farm is also one of the elements that makes this JCC highly unusual. Here are a few others: The JCC will have no full-service gym or indoor swimming pool – or membership fees.
“I think the whole idea of what Jewish engagement is in the 21st century has been changing,” Jonathan Lev, executive director of the Boulder JCC, told JTA. “We want to capture what people love and overlay it with Jewish values. For many, coming to the farm and milking goats and taking care of the chickens is their Jewish engagement.”
Boulder's JCC, founded in 2005 and currently located on a smaller site elsewhere in town, is focused on its preschool and community programming rather than on membership. The institution is guided by four pillars reflective of values dear to local Jews and Boulder residents generally: food and wellness; innovation; arts and culture; and early childhood education. Its $2.7 million operating budget is covered by program fees and fundraising.
For the innovation pillar, the JCC launched a Jewish overnight entrepreneurship camp last summer, Camp Inc., in Steamboat Springs. For arts and culture, Lev cites Boulder's annual Jewish film festival, now in its third year and held every March. On early childhood education, the JCC's popular preschool is one of four getting special support from the Rose Community Foundation, the Union for Reform Judaism and the JCC Association to increase enrollment and build stronger Jewish connections.
The farm is the anchor of the food and wellness piece. Some 20 family members already belong to the co-op, taking shifts about once a week to clean poop, refresh the feed and milk the goats by hand. In exchange, they receive fresh milk and eggs. The farm, which may be the only Jewish animal husbandry co-op in the country, is also open to occasional milkers and the wider Jewish community.
“The farm is this idea of connecting people, having them engage in something meaningful and building community around it,” said Lev, 36, who at the time of his hire in 2010 was the youngest JCC director in the country – as well as the fledgling JCC's first full-time employee. “Twenty-first century Judaism and Jewish life is determined by the connection points people make. People are searching for meaning. And they're finding it in unique ways. People go to farms on a regular basis here. What would it mean to them to go to a Jewish farm?”
Last year, when one of the goats went into labor on Purim, holiday revelers in costume came to watch the birth, naming the newborn Vashti after the Persian queen from the Book of Esther. Now three of the five goats are pregnant, with due dates around Passover – perfect timing to turn the milk into cheese by Shavuot, a holiday traditionally focused on dairy foods.
“Getting to go out for a visit with the animals is really great therapy for the average person,” said Becca Weaver, the JCC's farm and sustainability director. “A lot of people do other things, sit at a computer all day. Getting out and bonding with the animals is very intimate and tactile.”
Then there's the Jewish social justice component. The community decided to stop milking the pregnant goats several weeks before their due dates to adhere to the traditional injunction against causing animals unnecessary distress. When new chicks are brought to the farm, they'll come from humane breeding operations rather than the “cruelty of the industrial food system,” Weaver said.
Weaver's parents' family charity, the Oreg Foundation, donated the land on which the JCC is being built – part of a 32-acre parcel the family foundation purchased 15 years ago for a future Jewish community campus.
“The JCC is the first recipient of a land grant from the foundation,”said Julie Shaffer, executive director of the Oreg Foundation. “It's Oreg Foundation's hope that there will be other community institutions that will come forward and want to be on the campus.”
The new JCC capital campaign needs $3 million more to reach its $27 million goal.
When it's complete, the JCC will house a preschool, social hall, meeting rooms, yoga studio, sports fields, playgrounds and summer camp facilities. Two acres will be devoted to the farm, which will include greens, strawberries, raspberries, apples, plums and beehives. There will be handicapped-accessible raised beds, an outdoor kitchen and child-friendly education space. The veggies will be organic and excess food will be donated to the Boulder Food Rescue, which collects donations by bicycle to avoid using fossil fuels. In keeping with the focus on high environmental standards, the JCC building will be LEED-certified.
It's all very Boulder – a university town of some 100,000 with the social consciousness of Park Slope, Brooklyn, the entrepreneurial spirit of Silicon Valley, and the farming and ranching sensibility of the West.
Boulder's Jewish community is relatively young and growing quickly. The most recent Jewish demographic survey, in 2007, found about 13,000 Jews living in 7,600 Jewish households in Boulder County, located about 40 minutes northwest of Denver.
“A lot of these people have zero affiliation or interest in Jewish community,” Lev said. “But the possibility of engagement is tremendous because of the large Jewish population.”
Half a century ago, there was just one synagogue in town. But the Jewish presence grew considerably as technology companies moved to the city, the university grew and Boulder's location in the foothills of the Rockies drew outdoors enthusiasts. Rabbi Zalman Schachter-Shalomi, the father of the Jewish Renewal movement, moved here in 1995. The University of Colorado-Boulder launched a Jewish studies program in 2007 and now has a kosher eatery. Boulder has two Jewish Renewal synagogues, a couple of Chabad centers and one Reform, one Orthodox and one Conservative shul. An online Jewish news site, Boulder Jewish News, was launched in 2009.
At the JCC, the budget has more than doubled since Lev came on in 2010, and he said 4,000 people were reached last year through programming.
“The JCC provides so many portals into Jewish life,” Oreg's Shaffer said. “This community offered Jonathan opportunities for professional growth, and he's paying us back many times over for his vision of what this community can be.”
In my dreams, I walk like a normal person. I even run and skip. Sometimes I jump rope. I went through a whole series of diving dreams – making the perfect approach on the diving board, then the heavy step that vaults you into the air twisting and turning and performing a perfect forward dive with a double twist. I enter the water like a red-hot poker through ice cream. Toes pointed. No splash.
These are dreams of ego and yearning. They often involve actions I once performed unconsciously, when a desire to execute a function was easily and instantaneously transmitted along neural pathways to muscles, ligaments, sinew, and bone, creating movement. Brain. Eyes. Inner ear. In my new world, the keys have been mislaid and I spend my days trying to find them.
The date 15 April 2013 would have been my son Jack's 19th birthday. He had been dead for 14 months. His three sisters, my husband Tim and I had dinner together, then they went to the cemetery. I didn't. I sat in my wooden chair, with the carved seat and the woven hickory back, drinking wine. I had thought about Jack every moment of the past year and was exhausted. His death had thrown the family into a well of despair. It was as if we'd all grabbed on to our own ropes and were only now just beginning to haul ourselves out. I drank some more.
When the family returned from the cemetery, I stood up. The room spun violently, causing me to fall back into the chair. Again I tried to stand, but couldn't. I put my head down and held it in my hands. I can't move, I told Tim. I could hear myself speaking through my hands but the words didn't sound right. I began to sweat and felt like I might vomit. Tim brought me a pan, and asked if I wanted help getting upstairs. I mumbled for him to leave me alone.
I spent the night on the rug in front of the cold fireplace, wrapped in a quilt. In the morning Tim said I should go to the doctor's. But I can't even lift my head off the floor, I mumbled, and I don't want an ambulance. Then I asked for the pan and vomited.
Tim went to work. The youngest daughter went to school. I stayed on the floor. If I moved my head up, I was smacked by a violent spinning and I couldn't open my eyes because the light hurt. When Tim came home he helped me up to bed. With sunglasses on to keep out the light, I lay in the semi-darkness trying to block out the scary thoughts: it'll never be the same; I've had a stroke; I am going blind; I don't want to think about it. My children were scared but, though I tried to tell them everything would be okay, I didn't believe it myself.
It was a week before I got to the doctor's. By that time I could kind of focus my eyes and could walk upright, so long as I didn't lift or turn my head. Everyone I'd spoken to had some version of the following – oh, their Aunt Mabel had this and went to the chiropractor who did a simple head-turning thing and she was all better. With a tiny bit of digging around on various medical websites, I figured out that they were describing benign paroxysmal positional vertigo (BPPV), a kind of vertigo that occurs when small crystals in your inner ear are knocked out of place. A certain set of head movements called Epley maneouvres reposition the crystals and, often, you feel instantly better.
But in BPPV, the vertigo is brought on or intensifies when you turn your head in one direction; my vertigo symptoms were constant. It didn't matter what direction I turned my head: it was all bad. After an MRI scan ruled out a stroke, multiple sclerosis and a brain tumour, my doctor went with a diagnosis of vestibular neuritis. Vestibular (adjective), meaning relating to, or affecting the perception of body position and movement. Neuritis (noun), meaning inflammation of a peripheral nerve or nerves, usually causing pain and loss of function. In short, I was experiencing the physical embodiment of being thrown for a loop.
For several months, I did vestibular rehabilitation therapy, where I spent a lot of time walking down a hallway turning my head side to side, or up and down. I liked to go left, it seemed, which meant that, whenever I tried to walk straight, I'd veer in that direction. Sitting and lying down were fine, but walking was a challenge. I could tell that the neural pathways signaling from my eyes to my brain to my feet were out of whack on the left side. Mark, the physical therapist, told me that a body works very hard to compensate for the loss of any particular neural pathway and that, over time, the right vestibular nerve would figure out how to read the signals that should be travelling up the left nerve. A miraculous theory, I thought, as I lurched down the hallway, hands out to fend off the approaching wall.
Before the vertigo, I had established myself as a travel writer, making up to a dozen trips a year across the United States and abroad. Fleeing home and responsibilities to find meaning in other places and cultures was my drug of choice. The second I got into the car to head for the airport, I looked only forward. After my mother and mother-in-law died, closely followed by Jack's suicide, everything I had been was called into question: not just travel writer, but daughter, daughter-in-law, mother.
It was a terrible year. Much of the time I felt as if my house was keeping me anchored in despair, that the only moments of peace came on trips to far-flung places where no one knew my backstory; I could run away from my sad-sack house and my sad-sack family, and momentarily forget my fury both at my failure and Jack's betrayal. Tim held the children even closer, terrified he'd lose another one; I fled. I had a hard time letting even my family share my grief.
Vestibular neuritis is a disease of confusion and imprecision that seems to be further exacerbated by anxiety and stress.
I spent 10 days in the Falkland Islands, where I discovered an entire generation trapped in the throes of a kind of collective post-traumatic stress disorder, 30 years after the Falklands War. I recognised the look, the way of storytelling, the desire to talk and to not talk. I felt as if these were my people; they'd gone through a terrifying time and come out the other end, but they would never again be whole. When I returned, I talked so much about the Falkland Islands that my children and Tim grew afraid I was going to move there. I told them I would bring them with me and we could all start over, away from the house (the scene of the crime) and the village my family had lived in for five generations. They didn't want to leave.
Now I see how I sought out the loneliest places – places where Jack had never been – so there was no chance of running into him in my mind. He would have been out of place, and in my need to order my world – to re-establish a kind of balance that had disappeared with a blast of a shotgun – that could not happen.
The diagnosis of vestibular neuritis is a diagnosis of exclusion. If it's not this, then it must be that. It affects three or four people out of 100,000, or about 11,000 people a year in the US. Much of the work on trying to understand the disease is being done in Germany. The vestibular rehabilitation therapist said that it could take up to six months for the symptoms to clear up and that after that I'd be fine. His calculation is based on the theory that your undamaged vestibular nerve will fully compensate for the loss of function in the damaged nerve. The health literature about the disease says something different. The recovery rate of peripheral vestibular function is between 40 and 63 per cent, depending on early onset treatment with corticosteroids. I didn't get corticosteroids, which I guess explains why my peripheral vestibular function on the left seems to be about zero. And for whatever reason, the right vestibular nerve didn't fully compensate and take up the slack.
Vestibular neuritis is a disease of confusion and imprecision that seems to be further exacerbated by anxiety and stress. You start to wonder if you are in a mental fog and feel unbalanced because of the disease, or if the mental fog and unbalance is caused by the anxiety of worrying that you'll be in a mental fog and unbalanced. A neat tautology with your health and mental state tightly wound.
It is now almost a year after the initial attack. I've been in cognitive therapy and physical therapy, and I underwent a battery of tests at a balance clinic at the University of Rochester in New York. At one point, the technician there tried to fake my inner ear into a state of sickening imbalance by squirting cold, hot, then icy water alternately into each ear. My left vestibular nerve did not respond at all. I left the clinic feeling discouraged and depressed. My sister told me to get used to it; this is now your life, she said. She has multiple sclerosis, so I felt guilty for feeling like I was walking underwater.
the visual chaos of trees and houses and buildings rushing past made me want to vomit, so I'd keep my head down and eyes shut tight
Most of the time I look like I am walking straight but my head tells me something different. The self-consciousness of unsteadiness affects my every move and I often ask my family if I am lurching. Days are planned out in terms of how far I will have to walk. My fear of falling has skyrocketed. This winter, I stayed in the house for days, afraid to venture out in the snow and ice.
Balance comprises three things that have to work together. First, proprioception (from the Latin proprius, meaning ‘one's own', individual, and perception) is the sense of the relative position of neighbouring parts of the body and the strength of effort being employed in movement; or, knowing how to get all the parts of your body to move in a co-ordinated way through the world. Location, orientation, then movement. Second, your vestibular system is the sensory system that informs your brain about where you are (in the most elemental and physical sense) and then adjusts for balance and motion. Finally, balance depends upon visual inputs, so if your vision is screwed up, you're going to have a tough time feeling balanced.
With my initial attack of vertigo, my eyes developed nystagmus, a condition where they rapidly move back and forth (similar to what happens during REM sleep). This weird movement made it difficult to focus on any one thing. I remember looking in the mirror and watching as my eyes shifted back and forth. It was at once disconcerting and embarrassing. I wore dark glasses for weeks because I couldn't look at anyone without feeling very out-of-sorts: I didn't know where to look. My eyes also became sensitive to light. Riding in cars, the combination of the nystagmus with the visual chaos of trees and houses and buildings rushing past made me want to vomit, so I'd keep my head down and eyes shut tight.
Now my vision is in flux. Sometimes I need glasses, sometimes I don't. There are times when I turn my head and see trails, and sometimes images appear segmented, as if I'm looking at an old film slowed to reveal motion frame by frame. My eyes seem to be registering the action just a split second behind what's taking place. This disconnect often causes me to stumble.
Being out of balance begins to feel permanent.
It's only when I read research by Dr R Tschan, the lead author of a 2011 article in the Journal of Neurology that followed sufferers of vestibular disease into recovery, that I understand why I feel the way I do. Tschan did an initial study of 59 patients with some kind of vestibular disease, using a series of tests to measure resilience and psychological wellbeing, and a year later he followed up the same patients. Based on their answers to initial questions, he was able to predict which patients would be at risk of developing secondary somatoform dizziness and vertigo (SVD) – ‘an underdiagnosed and handicapping psychosomatic disorder leading to extensive utilisation of healthcare and maladaptive coping'. He points out that few long-term follow-up studies focus on the assessment of risk factors, and concludes that patients should be screened for risk and preventive factors, and offered psychotherapeutic treatment if shown to have insufficient coping capacity to prevent secondary SVD.
Tschan's study confirms that what I feel is real to me, which in some ways is a relief. But an earlier study on phobic postural vertigo (characterised by dizziness in standing and walking despite normal clinical balance tests) conducted by Johan Holmberg and colleagues at Lund University Hospital in Sweden and published in 2007 in the same journal, also rings true. ‘Patients sometimes exhibit anxiety reactions and avoidance behaviour to specific stimuli,' the authors wrote. In a year-long study, vestibular rehabilitation exercises, pharmacological treatment and cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) were randomly used on two dozen patients, with the finding that CBT had the least significant long-term effect.
It's clear to me now that no one has the answer. No one knows how to fix something that is literally and figuratively in your head.
People talk about searching for and finding balance in their lives. I want to hit them with my walking stick. Their choices revolve around finding balance between work, family, home, and self. I yearn to have those choices. To me, balance is primal, elemental. I yearn to wake up in the morning and know that this will be the day when I will think clearly and walk confidently; when all the synapses will fire along the right neural pathways; when my anxiety of moving through the world won't hold me back. I long for the day when I can drive to the airport and board a plane to somewhere new; when I can navigate once more a landscape of foreign hills, desolate plains and wild seashores.
I often catch my daughters and husband watching me. The first vertigo attack terrified them, and the fear told on their faces when they came to the bedroom to offer me food and company. This look eventually got me out of bed. Left to my own devices, I might have wallowed in my new-found misery far longer. Oddly, I think my condition helped us all put our grief in another place. Now there was something else for the family to focus on; my children became adept at reading the cues if I was feeling stressed or anxious, while I came to rely on their judgment. I still haven't visited the cemetery where my mother and son are buried side by side in the family plot. But I know that when I do, I will be lurching toward the headstones with what is left of my family by my side.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is withdrawing its request that oil and gas drillers provide regulators with information about methane emissions.
Under former President Obama, officials had asked drillers to give the EPA data about methane emissions and equipment at existing oil and gas wells. The request was the first step in an agency push to issue a rule cracking down on methane emissions, which have a potent impact on climate change.
The oil industry and its supporters had opposed the request, as well as any EPA effort to crack down on methane, arguing drillers are reducing emissions through state rules and self-regulation.
Officials from 11 states on Wednesday asked the EPA to suspend its information collection request, saying a methane rule would be costly and “unlawful.”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Trump administration, which opposes much of Obama's climate change work, is highly unlikely to issue a methane regulation. In a Thursday statement, the EPA said the agency would “like to assess the need for the information that the agency was collecting through these requests.”
“By taking this step, EPA is signaling that we take these concerns seriously and are committed to strengthening our partnership with the states,” EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt Edward (Scott) Scott PruittEPA knows this pesticide is dangerous, so why did it reverse the ban? Archives investigation finds no ‘secret' Pruitt calendars existed California has sued the Trump administration 46 times. Here are the lawsuits MORE said in a statement.
“Today's action will reduce burdens on businesses while we take a closer look at the need for additional information from this industry.”
Methane — the majority component of natural gas — has global warming potential 25 times greater than carbon dioxide, meaning its impact on climate change is significant.
In the closing years of his presidency, Obama began to take aim at methane emissions, issuing rules against leaks and flaring of methane on public and private land. In May, the EPA finalized a rule cutting methane emissions at new drilling wells, and its information collection request was the first step in writing a rule for emissions at existing wells.
But Trump and congressional Republicans have signaled they will undo much of those efforts. Besides pre-empting this information request, the House has passed a resolution undoing an Interior Department rule on methane leaks on public land.
Rest In Peace Sir Colin "Pinetree" Meads. 1936-2017. All Black #583. The thoughts of the rugby community are with the family of Sir Colin. pic.twitter.com/zXmLC2QCMP— All Blacks (@AllBlacks) August 20, 2017
Meads had played through a tough period in the game. Coming into the All Blacks from the King Country, he was first selected to tour Australia in 1957 as the selectors set about rebuilding their side after many All Blacks retired following the 1956 series against the Springboks in New Zealand.
While he moved around the pack from lock to flanker to No.8, Meads eventually settled into a locking role and became one of the most outstanding operators in that position. Not a significant leaper for the ball in lineouts, he had a combativeness that made him a tough competitor and a player capable of scrapping well for the ball in the days when lifting in lineouts was illegal.
He also had great skill running with the ball and in his latter years was a firm advocate of the freer style of game introduced to the All Blacks of the era by coach Fred Allen. The hard edge to his game began to be felt in the tough South African environment on New Zealand's tour of 1960, but like all other New Zealand teams until 1996, series wins in the apartheid republic were never achieved. While South Africans never wanted to lose to New Zealand, there was great respect for them as opponents and Meads was near the top of the list, a point made in 1970 when his arm was broken deliberately by a kick before the first Test.
Most players would have returned home to nurse their wounds but Meads merely found a way to return to play with his arm protected by a guard to further enhance his hard man legacy.
There were times when it counted against him, notably in France in 1967 when he was attacked while trapped on the ground suffering severe head injuries from a deliberate kick. A week later, sporting prominent bandages around his head, he was sensationally ordered from the field for dangerous play in the Test match against Scotland. Only the second international to suffer the fate, it was assumed it would be the end of his career, and Meads admitted to thinking that himself.
But the world was more forgiving than it had been when the first sending off occurred at Twickenham when Cyril Brownlie was dismissed during the 1924-25 Test against England. Meads returned home to a hero's welcome and began to exchange Christmas cards with the referee who sent him off, Irishman Kevin Kelleher.
He was also involved in a tragic accident during the 1968 tour of Australia when attempting to pull local halfback Ken Catchpole from a ruck, not realising one of Catchpole's legs was pinned and resulting in badly torn muscles. Claims that the injury ended Catchpole's career were erroneous as Meads stated they played together in Samoa a year later.
Such was the rugby played on that 1967 tour that Meads became a firm advocate of the running game that Allen introduced. He said at the last team gathering at the end of the tour, "We are now all convinced about this business of running rugby. We must take the idea back to our clubs and get them to see how good it is."
After another disappointment in South Africa in 1970, he was selected to captain the side, something he was reluctant to do, against the 1971 British & Irish Lions, a significant contender for the greatest side to tour New Zealand. The All Blacks were close to saving the series but lacked the strong core that had stood them in such good stead during the late-1960s and went down 1-2 with one Test, the last, drawn. But the world was more forgiving than it had been when the first sending off occurred at Twickenham when Cyril Brownlie was dismissed during the 1924-25 Test against England. Meads returned home to a hero's welcome and began to exchange Christmas cards with the referee who sent him off, Irishman Kevin Kelleher.He was also involved in a tragic accident during the 1968 tour of Australia when attempting to pull local halfback Ken Catchpole from a ruck, not realising one of Catchpole's legs was pinned and resulting in badly torn muscles. Claims that the injury ended Catchpole's career were erroneous as Meads stated they played together in Samoa a year later.Such was the rugby played on that 1967 tour that Meads became a firm advocate of the running game that Allen introduced. He said at the last team gathering at the end of the tour, "We are now all convinced about this business of running rugby. We must take the idea back to our clubs and get them to see how good it is."After another disappointment in South Africa in 1970, he was selected to captain the side, something he was reluctant to do, against the 1971 British & Irish Lions, a significant contender for the greatest side to tour New Zealand. The All Blacks were close to saving the series but lacked the strong core that had stood them in such good stead during the late-1960s and went down 1-2 with one Test, the last, drawn.
Meads' stature saw him awarded a farewell match in 1973 by the NZRFU of the day, a game in which his President's XV beat the All Blacks at Athletic Park. He became a national councillor of the NZRU in 1992, serving until a change of board structure in 1996.
Meads played 18 seasons, and 139 times for his King Country side, and led the combined Wanganui-King Country team to victory over the 1966 Lions side.
By the time his rugby career was completed in 1974 Meads had played 361 games, a feat not surpassed until Keven Mealamu passed his total in 2015.
He coached King Country from 1976-81 and in 2002 allowed his name to be given to the trophy, the Meads Cup, for the winner of the annual Heartland competition.
Colin Meads was the subject of two autobiographies, the first Colin Meads All Black with Alex Veysey breaking best seller records in New Zealand when released in 1974 and another best seller Meads, written by Brian Turner and published in 2002. Another book, The A-Z of Meads, was written by former television commentator Keith Quinn.
In June 2017, Sir Colin Meads was immortalised in a bronze statue which was unveiled in his home town of Te Kuiti.
New Zealand's rugby player of the 20th Century, Sir Colin Meads has died, aged 81.Feared during his playing career and revered ever after, Sir Colin Meads was knighted in 2009, recognition of the impact he made both as a rugby player with the All Blacks and as an icon of the game who contributed so much after his career through his work with the Intellectually Handicapped Children's organisation as well as the Crippled Children's Society and the New Zealand Rugby Foundation, at a time when the game suffered a series of serious spinal injuries.A popular, and entertaining, after-dinner speaker Meads cared greatly about the All Blacks' legacy and, apart from his playing career, he served the game as a manager of the All Blacks and as a New Zealand Rugby Union councillor. It was during his time as manager, in France in 1995 just after the game had gone professional, that Meads gave the modern-day players a reminder of what it meant to be an Black. In a closed room session with the players after a disappointing first Test loss to France he delivered a stinging tirade to the All Blacks saying while he and his team-mates didn't enjoy so much of what players of modern times did they were never scared, but he had seen a scared team on the field in the last match. Players never forgot what he said and delivered a stunning second Test victory.
by Roy W. Spencer, Ph. D.
(the following is mostly based upon information provided by Dr. John Christy)
Dr. John Christy's congressional testimonies on 8 Dec 2015 and 2 Feb 2016 in which he stated that climate models over-forecast climate warming by a factor of 2.5 to 3, apparently struck a nerve in Climate Consensus land.
In a recently published paper in J. Climate entitled Comparing Tropospheric Warming in Climate Models and Satellite Data, Santer et al. use a combination of lesser-known satellite datasets and neglect of radiosonde data to reduce the model bias to only 1.7 times too much warming.
Wow. Stop the presses.
Part of the new paper's obfuscation is a supposed stratospheric correction to the mid-tropospheric temperature channel the satellite datasets use. Of course, Christy's comparisons between models and satellite data are always apples-to-apples, so the small influence of the stratosphere on the MT channel is included in both satellite and climate model data. The stratospheric correction really isn't needed in the tropics, where the model-observation bias is the largest, because there is virtually no stratospheric influence on the MT channel there.
Another obfuscation is the reference the authors make to previously-published radiosonde comparisons:
“we do not compare model results with radiosonde-based atmospheric temperature measurements, as has been done in a number of previous studies (Gaffen et al. 2000; Hegerl and Wallace 2002; Thorne et al. 2007, 2011; Santer et al. 2008; Lott et al. 2013).”
Conveniently omitted from the list are the most extensive radiosonde comparisons published (Christy, J.R., R.W. Spencer and W.B Norris, 2011:The role of remote sensing in monitoring global bulk tropospheric temperatures. Int. J. Remote Sens. 32, 671-685, and references therein). This is the same kind of marginalization I have experienced in my previous research life in satellite rainfall estimation. By publishing a paper and ignoring the published work of others, they can marginalize your influence on the research community at large. They also keep people from finding information that might undermine the case they are trying to build in their paper.
John Christy provides this additional input:
My testimony in Dec 2015 and Feb 2016 included all observational datasets in their latest versions at that time. Santer et al. neglected the independent datasets generated from balloon measurements. The brand new “hot” satellite dataset (NOAAv4.0) used by Santer et al. to my knowledge has no documentation. Here is my testimony of 2 Feb 2016 (pg 5): “I've shown here that for the global bulk atmosphere, the models overwarm the atmosphere by a factor of about 2.5. As a further note, if one focuses on the tropics, the models show an even stronger greenhouse warming in this layer … the models over-warm the tropical atmosphere by a factor of approximately 3.” Even when we use the latest satellite datasets used by Santer, these are the results which back up my testimony. Global MT trends (1979-2015, C/decade) & magnification factor models vs. dataset: 102ModelAvg +0.214 ___UWein(2) +0.090 2.38x radiosonde _____RATPAC +0.087 2.47x radiosonde _______UNSW +0.092 2.33x radiosonde ____UAHv6.0 +0.072 2.97x satellite ____RSSv4.0 +0.129 1.66x satellite ___NOAAv4.0 +0.136 1.57x satellite ________ERA +0.082 2.25x reanalysis The range of model warming rate magnification versus observational datasets goes from 1.6x (NOAAv4.0) to 3.0x with median value of 2.3x for models warming faster than the observations. Tropical MT trends (1979-2015, C/decade) & magnification factor models vs. dataset: 102ModelAvg +0.271 ___UWein(2) +0.095 2.85x radiosonde _____RATPAC +0.068 3.96x radiosonde _______UNSW +0.073 3.69x radiosonde ____UAHv6.0 +0.065 4.14x satellite ____RSSv4.0 +0.137 1.98x satellite ___NOAAv4.0 +0.160 1.69x satellite ________ERA +0.082 3.31x reanalysis Range goes from 1.7 (NOAAv4.0) to 4.1 with a median value of 3.3 for the models warming faster than the observations. Therefore, the testimony of 2 Feb 2016 is corroborated by the evidence.
Overall, it looks to me like Santer et al. twist themselves into a pretzel by cherry picking data, using a new hot satellite dataset that appears to be undocumented, ignores independent (radiosonde) evidence (since it does not support their desired conclusion), and still arrives at a substantial 1.7x average bias in the climate models warming rates.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Japanese Persona Magazine interviews Atlus staff on Persona 5, Dancing All Night [Update]
Persona 5's picaresque themes, Dancing All Night's scratch mechanics, and plenty more discussed in February issue.
Katsura Hashino and Shigenori Soejima Interview
Persona Magazine: So you finally brought out the first big, proper trailer for Persona 5 recently at the Persona Super Live 2015 concert. How's the reception to it been?
Hashino: It's been a massive outpouring and we're really happy to see people are into it as much as they are. It's a huge relief to all of us on the team to have things turn out that way. Still, it's also indicative that the anticipation is running really high among people who have enjoyed our work up until now, so it's not without some pressure coming our way, too.
Soejima: I'd say that we managed to show off quite a bit of good stuff in that footage, too.
Hashino: For sure. The main reason we went for that is to reassure people that production on this thing is still going forward, that it's doing just fine. I mean we went a long time without showing much of the game after we initially announced it, so it's only fair. And we also just wanted people to see how excited we are to be working on it by showing off all of these different parts of it.
You've definitely made it abundantly clear that the art style is going for a poppy aesthetic with the color red sitting at its foundation. What are your impressions of people's opinion on that direction?
Soejima: We've gotten a lot of kind people saying that the game's even more stylish than what we've done before. That was kind of unintentional on our end, though; we weren't trying to go out of our way to make people explicitly feel our game is stylish so much as just show that aesthetically, it's picking up where Persona 4 left off, in a sense. A lot of time has passed since that game originally came out and the hurdles we've had to clear have only gotten higher since then, so this style is ultimately a reflection of those efforts on our end.
Hashino: I'd say the same is true with our character modelling, too. With Catherine, we made characters that were more realistically proportioned, but applying that philosophy back into Persona doesn't necessarily work; it just gives off an altogether different vibe going that route. So there was some reshaping on that end that we had to do to make it work the way we wanted. Even the UI design got a similar treatment, too. It took a lot of trial-and-error to get right, but we've ended up with a style that we feel works well within the confines of the Persona series. The “gaya gaya” [Japanese onomatopoeia] you see during that trailer is also an extension of that.
The game's themes have been described to be “picaresque” in nature. Could you elaborate on that a little more?
Hashino: If there's one thing that lies at the center of our themes in the game, it's the notion people have that there are things that they want to do with their lives but can't actually realize for one reason or another. They've got something circumstantial holding them back or maybe it's even just the rational half of their brain. Something along those lines. I feel as though people like that often tend to take well to thief and heist stories because they get a certain thrill from them that resonates with them in ways they can't necessarily get out of other stuff. One of the goals in making Persona 5, then, is to give those people an outlet to explore those thrills and experience that sense of freedom that the protagonists themselves have within the context of a game. Although that being said, I won't deny that a lot of us were also just way into stories about good-natured thieves like Lupin III growing up, too. (Laughs.)
Soejima: To that end, it's why you see the protagonist smiling wryly and whatnot in that main promotional image we've put out, to emphasize that tonal undercurrent running through our game.
Hashino: We wanted people to look at that imagery and get the impression he runs with an intriguing crowd, one with enough gall to potentially pull off some daringly intriguing stuff. He's a trickster at heart; he and his crew stir things up and along they way, maybe they bring a little change to the world around them, too. It's not the most stable of lives a person can have, but it's also a life of limitless possibility. The world really is his oyster. If people get that impression from looking at him, then we can rest easy knowing we've done our job.
Soejima: In the trailer we showed at the concert, there are a handful of other friendly characters you can see as well and they're all also very much so people who aren't afraid to express themselves on their own terms. How well they can actually lead such a life, that's a question that has deep ties to both the picaresque and thieving aspects of the games.
Hashino: You even get hints of that freedom they have here and there just seeing the opening cinematic. That's why you see them hurtling around the screen so much, for instance.
The masks that you also see in that footage during the plundering segments also seem to have close ties to all of those themes you've mentioned, too.
Soejima: Definitely. Of course, the word “persona” inherently has the connotation of things being masked. In a broad sense, it's true in how the cast leads a double-life. They go to school during the day and then at night, they're out on the prowl to steal. But it's also true that the plotline more overtly plays up the mask motif in a very literal sense compared to the previous games, so I wanted to ensure that such visual elements of the game were similarly straightforward, too.
I take it the urban setting also plays into the picaresque aspects of the game, too?
Hashino: Oh yeah, without a doubt. In big cities all throughout Japan, every day, people get on their trains, pack in tight, and the masses all flow this way and that during their ride as they make their way over to school or work. There's nothing inherently good or bad about that sort of mass ritual on the face of things, but these characters who are in the center of all that as well are still different; they're out doing stuff that nobody else can hope to imitate. That dichotomy between what's ostensibly real and surreal, what's divergent from reality as what people often know it, that's something that belongs right at home in a Persona game, I'd argue. Really, I'd say it's true for a lot of the games we make at Atlus and that continues to be how we're approaching this game from as we make it.
Lastly, do you have anything you'd like to share with people who are anxiously awaiting the release of Persona 5?
Soejima: We still have a lot left to show, so hopefully people keep an eye on us and wait to see what's coming up. Chief among those, in fact, are more allied characters that we have yet to show, but I'd say that we won't be running out of new stuff to reveal anytime soon. So stay hyped and sit tight until we finally get this game out in your hands!
Hashino: We've been very fortunate to have created a series of games where people feel so attached to each of the protagonists, so we hope that with Persona 5, we'll be able to make a game where the events of it really hit home and make for really impactful experiences. There are people in this industry who feel that feel traditional console and handheld games are losing their edge and I think it goes without saying that the very definition of games and the potential that they hold has started to really broaden. But we're still of the opinion that there are some things that can only be experienced on a console, especially when it comes to RPGs. We've heard from people that games like Persona are the reason they've started playing RPGs again and we're working really hard to make this new one another such game that can reach out to people and grab them. I know it's been a long wait, but I hope you'll give us just a little more time. Hopefully once it's out, it'll all be worth it in the end.
Friends of Sunnyside Bike Park – An Advocacy Success Story
We need you, the rider, to join us. Sunnyside Bike Park (SBP) was built through the effort of dozens of community members and we need you to help us build Friends of Sunnyside Bike Park into the group that cares for, keeps clean and advocates for what the riders want this amazing place to become.
In early 2011, the High Park BMX jumps were removed as they were on the Seneca Wolf Clan's Serpent Mounds in the south east corner of the park. A few members of the Toronto Off-Road Bicycle Association (TORBA) approached the new Ward 13 Councillor, Sarah Doucette to ask what the City was going to do to replace the BMX area as it saw regular community use.
Councillor Doucette quickly took up the charge and became the political champion to get a bicycle skills park built in her ward to replace the High Park jumps. Together with City staff champion Scott Laver of the Natural Trails group in Parks, Forestry and Recreation they worked to steer this project through many hurdles and challenges. Graham Seaman, Paul Stuart, Brian Betsworth, Chris Svirklys and many others worked to keep in touch with the City representatives in order to keep the project moving forward and the community informed. Maybe too informed, one lesson learned in this advocacy project was, don't spill the beans too soon, be patient and let information come up and out as the bureaucracy and politicos would like.
After a trip to Parks and Environment Committee of City Council where a few members of TORBA and Councillor Doucette spoke in favour of the project, things really got going and are well summarized by the City of Toronto's Sunnyside Bike Park page:
In 2012, the City of Toronto commissioned Jay Hoots, the most experienced bike park designer in North America, to design a new bike park in the western beaches that runs parallel to the north side of Lake Shore Boulevard between Colborne Lodge Road and Ellis Avenue.
The park has been designed to offer progressively difficult challenges and opportunities for off-road cycling skill building. Phase one has been completed and includes all of the riding features: a skills trail, pumptracks, a wide variety of jump lines, a large drop and a wall ride. Phase two, to be completed in 2015, will include improvements to the entrance to the park with a new pick-up and drop off area, family meeting area, trails, boardwalks and more. These amenities have been planned in order to make the park an ideal destination for families and people who wish to try off-road cycling for the first time.
This new bike park will address the lack of off-road cycling venues in the west end of the city. The hope is that it will reduce or eliminate informal parks being created in ecologically sensitive areas in the High Park neighbourhood. This project is a concrete example of Parks, Forestry and Recreation's work with the off-road cycling community to protect forests and natural areas in the City.
TORBA continued to work with the City and riding community to celebrate and support the opening of the long awaited Sunnyside Bike Park mid-summer 2014. A number of volunteer days took place where the community came out and worked side by side with Jay Hoots and his awesome team to do the final detail work and test riding.
What made this a successful advocacy initiative? We think it took four things: (1) good timing, (2) lots of communication, (3) lots of patience and (4) a team of people working toward the shared goal of bicycle skills park in west end Toronto.
Good timing – The removal of the High Park BMX jumps provided a political opportunity for TORBA to step up and advocate for replacement of an existing set of dirt jumps. It gave us a call to action. Communication – We undertook to communicate early, often and broadly with the community to ensure people were kept up to speed and knew when key opportunities were to get engaged and participate in the advocacy and community consultations. Patience – A few of us had experience working in or with municipalities so we knew this was going to be a long game and we were prepared to see the project through from the initial letter to Councillor Doucette in 2011 to breaking ground in the fall of 2013 to finally opening in summer of 2014. Teamwork – As the project gained momentum more member of TORBA and the cycling community at large got involved, everyone worked together to provide their thoughts and time to keep the project on track toward a skills park near High Park.
The City has established a Sunnyside Bike Park Working Group that has City staff from various departments on Parks, Forestry and Recreation, Councillor Doucette and community representatives from Ward13 Bikes, TORBA/Friends of Sunnyside and Riding Feels Good. To learn more about this group contact trails@toronto.ca
For 2015 a few members of the TORBA Board of Director's are working to set up a specific group to steward Sunnyside Bike Park. The fledgling group is Friends of Sunnyside Bike Park, lead by Graham Seaman, Chris Svirklys and Greg Paszkowski.
Friends of Sunnyside Bike Park (FoSBP) has been entrusted by City staff with a key to the shipping container at the east end of the Park. The container contains a variety of shovels, rakes, tampers, brooms, hoses, water sprayers, gloves…all the tools we need to make sure the park is in tip top shape.
Our challenge is we need more people to join us, the three of us only have so much time.
Some areas of work we see are:
Regular maintenance and cleaning of the jumps, pumps track and ladder rides
Volunteers to help people understand bike park etiquette
Organizing learn to bike days
Running competitions and events
Fund raising and developing partnerships to utilize the vacant building on site as a community hub and bike shop
So if you are interested in getting involved in an innovative community project, please post up here on ridingfeelsgood.com, follow us on Twitter @FriendsofSBP or like Friends of Sunnyside Bike Park on facebook.
All of the dirty DC dealings in Netflix's House of Cards arguably make it the most cynical of the current crop of highly-acclaimed and talked over television shows. However, the epic Game of Thrones – in spite of its fantastical elements – paints an even more brutal picture of the vile nature of politics, and the ruinous nature of wars with even the noblest stated intentions.
The HBO series, set in the magical-tinged fictional land of Westeros, is nearly finished with its fourth season. The show is often criticized for its graphic violence – though that usually has a larger purpose – and laughably gratuitous sex scenes. But neither gore nor smut is the point. The truly entrancing quality of the show (carried over from the books by George R.R. Martin on which it is based) is the scads of gray, but sympathetic characters to worry over. Indeed, there are flawed, but compelling characters on every side in the series' ongoing war to win the Iron Throne. Hence the tension that comes from watching, and from the knowledge that there is no happy ending in store for everyone. Hell, there may be no happy ending for any of these characters.
On Monday, the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists published an exhaustive comparison between the dragons of would-be Westeros queen – and George W. Bush proxy, according to both liberal and neocon interpretation – Daenerys Targaryen and the game-changing quality of nuclear weapons in warfare. This side-by-side mostly works, but the ideology of Daenerys remains more interesting than her monopoly on dragons/WMDS. For all her conquering hubris, Daenerys considers herself on a humanitarian mission to free the slaves of various cities that lie along her route to win the throne. She is well-meaning, deeply principled, and yet she is shown bumbling into cultures of which she has no awareness. It's sometimes hard not to read her journey as a parallel with US foreign policy (even if necons prefer to twist that into praise of the Bush doctrine). If Daenerys says she means to bring freedom with her army; if she shouts her noble, chain-breaking mission from the hilltops, everything is sure to end well. And if she savagely punishes the slave masters in various cities, well, they deserved it and there shall be no negative consequences from changing culture by military force. (There will be, though, because this show is that good.)
Detailing each faction and each character in the Game of Thrones conflict would take much more room than I have here. In brief, the biggest clashes are between the painfully honorable Stark clan, who once ruled the North before it became part of the the larger Seven Kingdoms, and the rich, powerful, cruel, but complex Lannisters. (One of whom, the dwarf Tyrion, is a good man and forever punished for it – a running, pessimistic theme in the series, along with the lack of justice for anyone wronged). Meanwhile, Daenerys and her slave-freeing army lurks, and far away supernatural forces like the undead White Walkers grow stronger, but the humans are too concerned with their own petty affairs to see that big picture. (There are also the semi-anarchistic – in the good, and the pejorative sense both – Wildings who don't subscribe to all this kingly bullshit. They voted for their king, damn it!)
The nature of this world – Wildings notwithstanding – requires one to root for some kind of monarchical justice. Who deserves the Iron Throne of Westeros most? Should we cheer based on proper succession, or try to guess who might be the least awful in a long line of awful kings? Does it even matter?
Now, as for our main characters – most of whom are fighting for power, or at least against seemingly worse versions of it – well, the closer they get to politics, the more likely they are to be burned by it. As viewers learn in the first season from the fate of the too-good Ned Stark, truly honorable people cannot survive in the capital without losing their souls or their heads. Hell, after Stark is killed, the Northerners start to talk more and more about secession. The North is vast, and miles and miles away from the ruling throne. Why should those faraway tyrants have any say over what happens in the North? Shouldn't they have their own leader who will at least live in the area he rules over? (Decentralization! That's something to cheer in the show when all else fails!)
As with a lot of political-tinged pop culture, one could conceivably hammer the events of Westeros into fitting any number of ideologies. But at the end of the day, Martin, a Conscientious Objector during the Vietnam war who has also publicly criticized the mechanical nature of drone warfare, isn't shy about some of his messages. Often stated clearly is the notion that rulers are concerned only with power, and that they rarely give thought to the little guy. But then, the little guy remains indifferent to grand events himself unless a war comes storming into his backyard. Politics is paradoxically the focus of the series, and the object of its endless condemnation. This may feel familiar to libertarians who obsess over politics, while loathing it and those who treat its life and death stakes like an amusing sporting event.
Even comfy Americans who live far from any battlefield can identify with this repeated theme that the average citizens would prefer to be left alone by self-aggrandizing, self-proclaimed leaders who do nothing but make life worse. This is stated directly by wise characters such as Daenerys' adviser Jorah Mormont, who reminds her that though she is the rightful queen in terms of certain rights by succession, well, the people aren't actually speaking her name in whispers and hoping for the day she returns. In fact, says Mormont, "The common people pray for rain, health, and a summer that never ends. They don't care what games the high lords play.” They will not, in short, welcome her with flowers.
The little guy doesn't care. He just wants to be ignored by the people who have never met him, and have no idea how to run his life, yet presume to speak for and rule him. Mormont's speech, and similar sentiments from other characters, serve as perfect condemnation of the self-obsessed, self-important "players" in Washington, DC who have no idea how the rest of the country or world lives. This makes Games of Thrones feel all too familiar in spite of the dragons and ice zombies.
Lucy Steigerwald is a contributing editor for Antiwar.com and a columnist for VICE.com. She previously worked as an Associate Editor for Reason magazine. She is most angry about police, prisons, and wars. Steigerwald blogs at www.thestagblog.com.
Read more by Lucy Steigerwald
Not only will Monday's US presidential debate likely decimate the previous record of debate viewers, but it could well rival the audience of America's biggest spectacle, the Super Bowl.
According to several media analysts and other industry experts, over 100 million Americans are expected to watch the first debate between candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on Sept. 26, to be moderated by NBC's Lester Holt. The Super Bowl in February drew 112 million viewers (down from 114 million in 2015).
In terms of TV ratings, the Super Bowl is in a class by itself. Every game since 2010 has averaged more than 100 million viewers, and the only non-sports American broadcast to surpass 100 million viewers was the 1983 series finale of M*A*S*H, seen by 106 million people.
Monday night's debate could change that, and perhaps become the most-watched single TV broadcast ever. It's a tall task, but within the realm of possibility given the divisive election's relentless media coverage and the mere existence of Trump, the celebrity businessman and television personality now on the verge of becoming US president.
The current debate record holder is the first debate between Ronald Reagan and Jimmy Carter in 1980, which drew 80 million viewers. Even if the ratings for Monday's debate don't quite reach Super Bowl levels, they should still beat that record, set 36 years ago. The 2012 debates between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney averaged about 67 million viewers.
One advantage modern debates have is that they're available in many more places than they used to be. In addition to all the major broadcast networks (ABC, CBS, Fox, NBC), Monday's debate will be shown on cable news channels including CNN, MSNBC, and Fox News, as well as dozens of online outlets, including Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Yahoo, and Hulu.
If the debate shatters records, it'll be especially remarkable because ratings for major American TV events are down across the board. Last week's Emmys brought in its lowest audience ever. Ratings for the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio dropped 15% from the London games in 2012. And through two weeks of the NFL season, Monday Night Football ratings are sinking rapidly.
The political arena, on the other hand, is becoming more of a spectacle. The Republican debate on Fox News in August was the most-watched primary debate in history. Trump's convention speech in July garnered 35 million viewers, slightly more than this year's Oscars (which hit an eight-year low). NBC's ”Commander-In-Chief Forum” was universally panned for Matt Lauer's failures as a moderator, but it still reeled in 15 million viewers, making it one of the most-watched network broadcasts of the year.
A lot of that is due to how TV channels now promote political events. CNN advertises the debates as though they were pay-per-view boxing matches (video) or wrestling events. Countless hours of coverage have already been devoted to previewing and predicting the debates. Hours and hours more will go to assessing them, analyzing the aftermath, and setting a narrative as we head into the next debate—so we can do it all again.
No matter who “wins” Monday's debate, it will be a uniquely American display of pageantry.
Police say Rosalia Reyes-Machado, 20, was arrested after she was found with 371 counterfeit credit cards in her luggage at Miami International Airport.
MIAMI - A 20-year-old Miami woman was arrested at Miami International Airport after she was found with hundreds of counterfeit credit cards in her luggage, according to a police report.
Rosalia Reyes-Machado was arrested Saturday after she tried to board an American Airlines flight to Denver with the counterfeit cards, Miami-Dade police said.
Transportation Security Administration officials noticed "various masses which were not consistent with a normal passenger bag" while her luggage was being X-rayed, the report said.
During a secondary hand inspection of her luggage, a TSA agent discovered 371 counterfeit credit cards, several of which were in her name, the report said.
A search of her wallet also uncovered two more counterfeit cards with her name on them, the report said.
Reyes-Machado was being held at the Turner Guilford Knight Correctional Center on more than $375,000 bond.
Copyright 2016 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
A heartbroken Ottawa family from Bangladesh is mourning the loss of their youngest child, after the 23-year-old was hit and killed while cycling on a segregated bike lane on her way to school Thursday morning.
Nusrat Jahan was only two blocks from her family's apartment when she was struck by a Tomlinson construction truck and pinned under its back wheel at the intersection of Lyon Street and Laurier Avenue West around 7:45 a.m.
She meant the world to us. In our family, she was the most beloved - Mohd Abdullah Al Nasser, brother
The 23-year-old is described by her loved ones as bright, "very honest and selfless." Despite being the youngest in her family, she cared for everyone around her and just yesterday had made a cake for her parents.
"She would take care of everyone else," said her brother Mohd Abdullah Al Nasser. "Everyone is devastated. We can't believe that this happened."
Nusrat Jahan, 23, was struck by a truck and killed while cycling on Laurier Avenue West on Sept. 1, 2016. (courtesy of family)
"She meant the world to us," he added. "In our family, she was the most beloved of all of us...because she was always the smallest. Even though she was 23. She was our little baby."
Jahan came to Ottawa with her family from Bangladesh three years ago. Her father is an administrative accountant for the Bangladesh High Commission.
She was following in her father's footsteps and was on her way to accounting class at Willis College when she was killed.
Jahan had plans to attend Carleton University's Masters program in January and already had a bachelor of business administration from a university back home.
Mohd Abdullah Al Nasser's sister died cycling to school 0:28
"She was really bright," said Al Nasser. "Out of all of our siblings she was the brightest. She always wanted a job in finance and wanted to become a successful businesswoman."
A family friend who said she thought of Jahan as a daughter recalled that she was always smiling and remembered how beautiful she looked riding her bicycle.
"I feel really bad. She's a really good girl. she had a beautiful mind. Good heart and really good human being."
"She had a beautiful mind...good heart," says friend Naima Amin about loss of cyclist Nusrat Jahan <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ottnews?src=hash">#ottnews</a> <a href="https://t.co/QNNOvPZ5fM">pic.twitter.com/QNNOvPZ5fM</a> —@AshleyBurkeCBC
Jahan's family wants to see more done to make Ottawa's roads safer for cyclists.
"I just hope this doesn't happen to anyone else," said her brother Al Nasser. "Police [need to] get to the bottom of this to prevent this from happening to any family."
On Friday morning, Willis College staff and students gathered at a growing memorial on the corner where she was killed.
Willis College students leave flowers/mementos for Nusrat Jahan, 23, who died biking on Laurier yesterday <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/ottnews?src=hash">#ottnews</a> <a href="https://t.co/cje4B1U0Le">pic.twitter.com/cje4B1U0Le</a> —@matthewkupfer
Police are asking any witnesses to come forward to help with the investigation.
A Tomlinson spokesperson said the company is cooperating with the police investigation and launching its own into the fatal crash.
Two downtown city councillors, Jeff Leiper and Catherine McKenney, held a noon-hour rally at City Hall to mourn the cyclist's death and call for more action to prevent future deaths.
7 Badass Bavarian Foods You Must Try
Bavarian food doesn't f#ck around.
Bavarian food is the guy at the gym in the tiny muscle tee who's lifting weights so heavy, the veins in his neck and head (and other parts of the body that you didn't even know HAD veins) start to pop out.
Bavaria‘s cuisine is a monster truck. It crumples the delicate-by-comparison culinary offerings of Spain, Italy, and France like tiny little Fiats and Peugots in its path.
Do you want to eat Bavarian food? OF COURSE YOU DO. It is rich and doughy and filling and is the only thing on the planet that can soak up German beer. Every other fare will simply hide in the corner of your stomach, petrified at the sheer awesomeness of the brew that resides in there with it, and it will never get digested.
In short: if you don't eat Bavarian food while in Germany, you could die. Here are some of my favorites. They will turn your tastebuds into receptors of SHEER ECSTASY.
—————
Pretzels
–
Have you ever had an enormous pretzel? I'm not talking about the ones you get at the mall or the movie theater, sprinkled with cinnamon sugar. Those aren't pretzels. Those are doughnuts that took a yoga class.
Real Bavarian pretzels are hearty, doughy twists of bravado, studded with salt. They are meals unto themselves. They are not served in delicate little paper sleeves. They are handed over in giant wooden baskets along with a few steins of beer and a grunt. Tear into one with your bare teeth and suddenly, you will be able to speak German. Try it.
—————
Weisswurst
Bavarians are so badass, they eat sausage for breakfast. And I don't mean those little tiny breakfast sausages that we get here in the states. No. They go for these:
–
That is a weisswurst (literally, “white sausage”) – made from ground up pork veal and bacon. There are many smart-ass remarks to be made here, but since I am a lady, I will leave them up to you. (Okay, fine, here's one: “GERMANS DO IT WITH BIGGER SAUSAGES.”)
You pair them with the aforementioned pretzel, and maybe a dab of sweet mustard.
–
And then you run outside and pull a plow across a field in the middle of winter because THIS IS the breakfast of champions, no matter what Wheaties tries to claim.
—————
Schweinshaxe
The Germans have a dish called schweinshaxe that is particularly popular in Bavaria. It is a roasted pig knuckle, and it will punch you in the mouth with its gastronomical awesomeness.
–
The still-attached skin on the outside of the schweinshaxe becomes a crackly and delicious pork rind, while the meat becomes fall-off-the-bone tender. It comes with a enormous potato dumpling, which probably weighs somewhere between 5-10 pounds.
Don't ignore the dumpling. It will help you to soak up the delicious pork juice that has filled the bottom of your plate. It is nectar of the gods. Drink it, and you will LIVE FOREVER. Probably.
—————
Schnitzel
–
Germans can schnitzel the hell out of anything. First, they take a slab of meat and hammer it flat.
That's right: they are so damn badass, they beat their food after it's dead.
Then they batter dip and fry it up, because if there's one thing that makes hammered meat even better, it's a crisp, golden crust.
I mean, it's like fried chicken – which is already one of the greatest things in the world – with an EVEN BETTER MEAT (usually veal, sometimes pork). You can ask for no more out of life.
—————
Spaetzle
Noodles are wimpy. You can't feed a noodle to a German, because if you do you run the risk that they will scream at you IN GERMAN and it will be the most terrifying thing you have EVER encountered.
Instead of noodles, they have spaetzle, which are little chewy dumplings of HELL YES. They are often served with cheese and fried shallots on top, and if you are very lucky you can even get them with bacon.
–
But perhaps you should just stay away, because they will ruin you. The next time you have mac n' cheese, you may find yourself screaming at how pathetic they are in compared to spaetzle.
“NEIN!” you will holler at the top of your lungs. “Ich möchte Spätzle!” (Which in and of itself will be amazing, because you didn't realize you spoke German. THANK YOU, PRETZEL.)
And everyone who hears you will run in fear, taking their weakling noodles with them.
—————
Sauerkraut
You know who are badasses? Pirates. Pirates are totally badass.
But even pirates can't stand up to scurvy. You know what can? Sauerkraut.
WHICH MEANS SAUERKRAUT > PIRATES.
I hated this stuff as a kid, but that's because I had only known what we have in the states – a nasty, soggy, shredded concoction that is plopped on top of hot dogs. But German sauerkraut laughs at that impostor-sauerkraut's face.
It is vinegary and salty and crisp, studded with rye seeds. Eat it, and your immune system will become the Hulk. This is why German people live to an average age of 165, and why their children wrestle bears at summer camp.
—————
Kuchen
–
In recent years, there's been a culinary trend toward itsy-bitsy, tiny little hand-crafted desserts. I say screw that. So does much of the country of Germany. Cakes in this part of the world are ginormous.
It doesn't matter what kind you get: order a slice, and be prepared for a piece of cake the size of a child's head. Two servers are required to carry it out, and it will contain enough sugar to put an elephant into a diabetic coma. Don't ask a friend to split it with you – that's the coward's way out.
—————
That's it. My favorite Bavarian (/German) foods. If you eat them, you will grow hair on your chest and you will never need to call a tow truck because if your car breaks down you will be able to PUSH IT HOME. Gender equality being what it is, I'd say that's a pretty desirable outcome for any man or woman.
–
Share this Post Google+
The 16-person panel, coordinated by investigating judge Mario Carroza, did not confirm outright the suspicions that Pablo Neruda was murdered by the Pinochet regime in 1973. However, members confirmed finding traces of highly infectious bacteria in the poet's remains, which are still being examined to determine the bacteria's origin and its possible use as a weapon.
"We cannot determine that third parties effectively intervened, but we see a possibility that third parties did intervene," Carroza said Friday at a press conference in Santiago.
Chilean authorities exhumed Neruda in 2013 in order to investigate persistent rumors that the Nobel Prize-winning writer had been poisoned. Officially, the 69-year-old died of cachexia, which is the medical term for weakness and wasting of the body, brought about by his prostate cancer.
Read more: Is history being rewritten with Pablo Neruda?
On Friday, however, Spanish expert Aurelio Luna said he was "a hundred percent sure" that Neruda's death certificate "does not reflect the reality."
Though investigators had previously found lesions consistent with prostate cancer in Neruda's skeleton, the analysis of the data shows that he was not in a situation of "imminent death," Luna said.
Watch video 01:33 Share How did Chilean poet Pablo Neruda die? Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/18BmX How did Chilean poet Pablo Neruda die?
Friend of Allende's
Neruda was a member of Chile's Communist Party and a friend to President Salvador Allende. In 1973, Allende was ousted by a US-backed coup, which put General Augusto Pinochet in power. Allende killed himself rather than be captured.
Neruda reportedly planned to leave Chile in the days following the coup despite having been diagnosed with prostate cancer. However, less than two weeks after the September 1973 takeover, he passed away in Santiago's Santa Maria Hospital.
Read more: Chile exhumes remains of poet Pablo Neruda
Neruda was reburied in 2016 next to his wife on the island of Isla Negra
Ever since, Neruda's chauffeur, Manuel Araya, has claimed that the author received a suspicious injection shortly before his death. Neruda's family and the Communist Party also claim that the poet had been poisoned.
No chemical poison
Murder of political opponents was not uncommon under Pinochet, whose regime eliminated about 3,200 opponents during the general's 17-year rule. Moreover, Allende's predecessor, former President Eduardo Frei Montalva, was poisoned after a hernia operation in 1982 while convalescing in the same Santa Maria clinic as Neruda nine years earlier.
After Neruda's exhumation, forensic experts initially looked for chemical agents in his remains. They found none, and the analysis was accepted as objective by Neruda's family and associates.
The inquiry now focuses on the traces of Staphylococcus aureus bacteria, which can be lethal. According to the team of experts, there is a possibility that the bacteria were cultivated in a laboratory. The results of the analysis are expected to arrive in six months to a year.
dj/rc (AP, AFP, Reuters, dpa)
By Rob Moseley
Editor, GoDucks.com
Photo: Andy McNamara
Venue: Outdoor practice fields
Format: Competition day
Oregon's offense won Wednesday's scored “competition day” periods, 76-70, reversing a week of defeats to the defense that included the first competition day of the spring last week, and then Friday's scrimmage.
And while no single player deserves the credit – Dakota Prukop had his best practice of the month, Charles Nelson was at the other end of many of Prukop's passes, and Royce Freeman was running like a freight train – junior left tackle Tyrell Crosby definitely set the tone.
The first period of the day matched offensive and defensive linemen in 1-on-1 pass rush drills. The offense came out of the drill with a three-point lead, and not only did Crosby win all three of his reps for a point each, he did so in emphatic fashion. Crosby put defenders on their backs each of his first two reps – including probably the Ducks' best defensive player, Henry Mondeaux – energizing his offensive teammates and firing up the defenders to even the score.
Crosby ended up joining Calvin Throckmorton, Jake Hanson and Shane Lemieux as guys who won multiple reps to stake the offense to its lead. “That sparked the whole offense to get better throughout the day,” Nelson said. “We did and came out with the win, and that's all the matters.”
Prukop had what offensive coordinator Matt Lubick called “by far (his) the best day since he's been here.” In a 7-on-7 scenario involving second-and-long situations, he moved the chains three straight times, including twice on completions to Nelson. That drill did also include an interception for Prukop, on which true freshman Hunter Kampmoyer dropped back, stuck a hand up at the line and came down with the ball before rumbling upfield.
The other 7-on-7 period, in which the offense was able to drive the field, was maybe Prukop's most impressive single period yet. He started out with a really pretty deep ball to Nelson, though the next pass went off Nelson's hands and was picked off by De'Quan McDowell , who just always seems to be in the right place at the right time.
The next chance Prukop's group got, he completed seven straight passes to march the offense down the field and into the end zone. Four of those completions were to Nelson, including the touchdown play.
“Dakota's coming along real nice,” Nelson said. “… It's a great competition, a battle between (Prukop and Travis Jonsen), and I'm just ready to see where it goes from here.”
Both Prukop and Jonsen had highlights in the red-zone period that closed the day. Prukop threw a pair of touchdown passes to freshman Dillon Mitchell. And Jonsen had one of the day's best individual plays, rolling out of the pocket and throwing on the run to Nelson in the end zone.
All those plays by the offense resulted in a competition day victory. That means white offensive flags will now fly over the practice fields, after a week when the green defensive flags waved above.
“To me the mark of a good player is, how do you improve on something like (last week), when a scrimmage doesn't go the way you want, or a practice?” Lubick said. “Do you come out the next day and respond by getting better, or do you let that affect the next play? Those guys came out today and had their best practice, and that's encouraging as a coach.”
Other highlights: In 1-on-1 pass drills, Kirk Merritt used a great stutter-step move to create separation from Ugo Amadi, but the sophomore cornerback stuck with the play and was able to break up the pass. Mitchell did a nice job winning a battle with Chris Seisay for a jump ball, and Terry Wilson impressed a couple times with his patience, waiting for receivers to gain separation before uncorking a throw. …
The defense trailed by 11 entering the first team period, and closed the gap during that drill. Danny Mattingly got involved in a couple plays early in the drill, and later on Elijah George swallowed up Kani Benoit at the line. Tony Brooks-James did manage a couple long runs in the period, following up on his solid day Monday. … Play of the day might have been by Casey Eugenio, a 5-foot-8 receiver who went up in the back of the end zone against the 6-4 Tyree Robinson, won the battle for a pass from Wilson and got a foot down just inside the back line for a touchdown in 7-on-7.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— The Center for Civil Rights at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill will no longer be allowed to take part in litigation or provide legal assistance to clients under a policy approved Friday by the UNC Board of Governors.
The move, which passed 24-3, with one board member abstaining, comes a day after the board approved a series of proposals aimed at overhauling the administrative structure of the UNC system.
The Center for Civil Rights, which was founded in 2001 as part of the UNC School of Law, has supported poor and disenfranchised people in court free of charge, litigating cases involving discrimination in education, employment and housing, among other things. It receives no state money and is completely supported through private donations.
Board members who supported the change say the center should focus less on filing lawsuits and more on teaching. Opponents say the center provides law students with practical experience and called the move a political attack on civil rights.
Mark Dorosin, managing attorney at the center, chided board members immediately after the vote. "I implore you to be honest with the people of this state. You owe them that," he said.
When someone on the board said Dorosin was out of order, he shouted back, "You're out of order! To say that you support civil rights is out of order!"
Some board members who voted for the new policy said during the brief debate that they continue to support the UNC law school and the Center for Civil Rights.
"I don't really believe that a UNC entity ought to be filing litigation against other parts of our government – our cities, towns and state," board Chairman Lou Bissette said. "If they do this kind of work under a sanctioned clinic, I have absolutely no problem with it."
Bissette and others said a legal clinic would provide a stronger focus on education. The North Carolina Central University School of Law operates a pro bono legal clinic, for example, offering students class credit for working with clients.
"I think, if we're sitting here a year from now, we're very likely to see the same kind of work occur under the banner of a law clinic," UNC President Margaret Spellings said.
Center for Civil Rights officials disputed that notion.
"This is about their opposition to the substantive work of the Center for Civil Rights," center director Theodore Shaw said. "This is not about form. This is about substance. The people who are attacking the center and just did their dirty work would not sit back quietly if the Center for Civil Rights were a clinical program. ... They are after us no matter what they said in there because of the substantive work that we do."
"When one of the clinical programs at UNC or North Carolina Central upsets some friend of the Board of Governors, those clinics will be on the chopping block just like the center was," Dorosin said. "Let's not sit in a room and say we're voting to shut down the Center for Civil Rights, but we support civil rights. That's just ridiculous."
Scott Holmes, who heads the N.C. Central legal clinic, said he worries that the Board of Governors could target it as well.
In June, the General Assembly cut funding in this year's state budget for legal aid programs that assist low-income people.
UNC-Chapel Hill Chancellor Carol Folt said she was disappointed by the Board of Governors' decision, saying she thought a "compelling case" was made for the role the Center for Civil Rights plays in the state.
"We now must determine a path forward for the Center and reconfirm our commitment to educating the next generation of civil rights lawyers and providing assistance to the poor and disadvantaged in North Carolina. I will work with other University leaders, stakeholders and the School of Law to explore all options and develop a course of action that allows us to continue this vitally important work while adhering to the new policy," Folt said in a statement. "The School of Law is one of not only the University's strongest assets, but it is one of our state's, training generations of students who continue on in service to the state, the nation and the world. That tradition of excellence and service is the core of the school's identity and it defines our greater purpose."
Dorosin said the policy allows the center to continue working on current cases – it hasn't taken on any news cases since the move was first proposed in March – but he said the center would likely be forced to shut down "within the next few months."
"This work can't continue at UNC, but we are committed to having it continue somewhere else," he said. "What we want to do is figure out a way to pick up the center, as it works right now, and take it some place else so the work can continue. All options are open."
Board eyes overhaul of UNC administration
On Thursday, the Board of Governors voted for proposals to review "the role, purpose, size and scope of general administration as it relates to the UNC system," including possibly cutting jobs in the office of Spellings and other leaders of the 17-campus system and to shift the system offices from Chapel Hill to Raleigh or Research Triangle Park.
"The potential relocation should more closely reflect General Administration and the Board of Governors duty to represent the entire university system and remove the appearance of being more closely aligned with any single campus," the latter proposal reads.
Committees have 45 days to submit reports on both proposals to the full board.
The board also approved a resolution Thursday to rein in tuition and fees at UNC schools, noting that tuition has increased by 91 percent, on average, across the system since 2006, compared with a 17 percent increase in North Carolna's median household income during that period.
11-year-old wheelchair athlete tells the culture to get over itself
Dear Hollywood,
Why do you want me dead?
Please don't deny it. The movies you make tell me the truth about what you really think about me.
Me Before You comes out tomorrow. I've never read the book, but my mom told me about it and I read the reviews online. It's the story of a guy who gets in an accident, and has a spinal cord injury, and has to spend the rest of his life in a wheelchair. A guy you think should want to die because he has to live a life that looks like mine.
Well, what's wrong with a life that looks like mine?
My mom says this isn't the first movie where a handicapped person had to die for being paralyzed. There was one called Million Dollar Baby where a woman is a quad and bravely chooses death instead of an imperfect life.
So I'm asking you again, what's wrong with my life? Why do you think I should want to die?
You sit there with your able bodies, and look at people in chairs and think you feel pity for our sad little lives, but the truth is you're afraid. You don't want to imagine that you might be one of us one day. You think you can be perfect, and think you'd rather die than have parts that don't work right.
I think that's sad.
The idea of what my life looks like bugs you so much that you didn't even show the truth about it in Me Before You. Would people be upset and weirded out if you showed someone transferring into the car, or using a bath chair, or needing a little help with a ramp? You think that makes people like me weak, and you aren't OK with weak.
Did you even do any research on this? Did you ask people in chairs if they'd rather be a corpse than a cripple? I bet they'd look at you like you're crazy.
Yes, I called myself crippled. It's just a word. You should get over it already. You already think I should want to die, so why do you care what I call myself? Some lady told me it was demeaning to use that word and I should say “differently-abled” instead.
Well, that's dumb. My legs don't work. I am crippled. It's just a fact of my life, and you need to get over it. Political correctness is around to make the Able Bodies more comfortable with the idea of me — it's not for me. If you really cared about what I thought and wanted to treat me like a person, then you wouldn't make movies about how the nicest thing I could do for my family would be to off myself. You should be ashamed of yourselves.
You may not believe in God. You don't have to, and I can't make you. But I do, and because of that I believe in the value of all people. I believe we are all made in His image and likeness. That's why I believe all people are worth something. If you believe that people only get their value from each other, then people can take that away. But if our value comes from God, then nobody has the right to say someone who walks is worth more than someone who doesn't.
Maybe you need to find God again, because living without Him has made you mean.
WASHINGTON -- Republicans have said repeatedly that the landmark health care reform law, upheld as constitutional by the Supreme Court last week, must be repealed and replaced. But the GOP leader in the U.S. Senate gave a surprising answer on "Fox News Sunday" when asked how Republicans would provide health care coverage to 30 million uninsured Americans.
"That is not the issue," Sen. Mitch McConnell said. "The question is how to go step by step to improve the American health care system. It is already the finest health care system in the world."
"Fox News Sunday" host Chris Wallace interrupted, "You don't think 30 million uninsured is an issue?"
"We're not going to turn the American health care system into a western European system," McConnell said. "That's exactly what is at the heart of Obamacare. They want to ... have the federal government take over all American health care. The federal government can't handle Medicare or Medicaid."
Wallace pressed McConnell, noting that the Affordable Care Act will prohibit insurance companies from not offering plans to individuals with pre-existing health conditions. "If you repeal Obamacare, how will you protect those people with pre-existing conditions?"
"Over the half of the states have high-risk pools that deal with that issue," McConnell said, assuring Wallace that the state programs could cover the tens of millions of uninsured Americans who have pre-existing health conditions.
Thirty-five states now have high-risk pools, covering about 208,000 people. Those policies are open to individuals with pre-existing health issues but often come with high premiums, waiting periods and coverage exclusions for certain conditions.
The Affordable Care Act included a new federal high-risk pool (modeled on the state plans) called the Pre-Existing Condition Insurance Plan. So far, only 67,000 Americans have enrolled. The program will be phased out in 2014 when the law's broader provisions kick in.
Don Stewart, a spokesman for McConnell, offered some additional information about Senate Republican leader's position on health care insurance.
"If you watched the interview, it was clear that the Leader believes we need to focus on lowering costs, first and foremost," Stewart said in an email. "That is the best way to help the 250 million Americans who have insurance today, and to help the 47 million who do not. We need to make it affordable, but Obamacare -- in its rush to expand coverage to everyone -- actually drives up health care costs by $300 billion. If health care is more affordable, more of the uninsured can find coverage."
There are as many as 25 million Americans who lack insurance and have pre-existing conditions, and all together 50 million people are uninsured, according to government estimates. The White House expects 30 million Americans to gain insurance coverage as a result of the new law.
The Colombian man who was shown burning an effigy of Miss Universe Pia Alonzo Wurtzbach has taken down the video of the incident after fierce reaction from netizens.
The man who uses the name Noider Almanza Barraza apologized for offending the people of the Philippines and blamed a tradition in his country for the incident.
ADVERTISEMENT
A translation of his post on Facebook said Colombia had a tradition of burning dolls of “characters or things that causes controversy” in the previous year to “begin a new year.”
“At no time (was my intention) to hurt or offend (the people of the Philippines. I am very sad … I apologize,” he wrote.
RELATED STORY
VIRAL: Pia Wurtzbach, Steve Harvey effigies burned in Colombia
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Michelle Obama: "Now we're feeling what not having hope feels like… hope is necessary.”
Her husband repeatedly used messages of hope in his presidential campaigns and during his time in office.
But US First Lady Michelle Obama has struck a much less upbeat tone in her last TV interview before the family leaves the White House.
Speaking to talk show host Oprah Winfrey, Mrs Obama said America's outlook had changed since Donald Trump won November's election.
"Now we're feeling what not having hope feels like," she said.
Mrs Obama played an unusually prominent role in the 2016 election cycle, throwing her support behind Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and trading barbs with Mr Trump.
She called on women to rise up against him over his groping comments and denounced his campaign's "hateful language".
In turn, the Republican accused her of spending too much time campaigning for Mrs Clinton.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Michelle Obama and Donald Trump's duelling speeches on women
Mrs Obama does not mention the president-elect by name in the preview clip of the Oprah Winfrey interview, to be aired by the CBS network on Monday.
But she repeats previous assertions that the US needs "an adult" in the White House, saying the country's president should provide stability and inspiration.
"Having a grown-up in the White House who can say to you in times of crisis, 'Hey it's going to be ok, let's remember the good things we have, let's look at the future, let's look at all the things that we're building..." she says.
"All of this is important for our kids to stay focused and to feel like their work isn't in vain, that their lives aren't in vain. What do we do if we don't have hope?"
She says she believes the US public will come to appreciate Barack Obama's impact with time.
Mrs Obama is an unusually popular figure in America's political landscape, with a favourability rating, measured by Gallup at 64%, that is significantly higher than that of Mr Trump, Mrs Clinton, and her husband.
Oprah Winfrey endorsed Barack Obama for president in 2007 but failed to do so publicly in 2012. She urged voters to choose Hillary Clinton in November's poll, saying: "You don't have to like her... Do you like democracy or do you want a demagogue?"
Circa 2009, I was at a small party, wandering around, when I stumbled on the most curious room. There were balls…everywhere. Soft suede beanbags were strewn across the room, leading to an athletic looking guy at the other end of the room. He casually asked if anyone wanted to learn to juggle. My love of off beat things convinced me to take the offer, and I never looked back.
Years later, and here I am looking at puzzled faces as I describe juggling as “extremely profound”. I'm here now to tell you one reason why I describe it that way.
Learning to Learn
One of the most significant things I have taken from juggling is learning the techniques of how to learn, and learn efficiently. In juggling every pattern or trick can be broken down into simpler and simpler patterns. If there is a pattern you wish to learn, no matter how complex, you can. By breaking it down to a form simple enough to grasp, it is easy to find a starting point. As I learned more patterns, I found this way I was learning juggling, was a skill that could be applied to anything.
No matter the subject, and no matter how complex, it was only a matter of breaking things down into simpler, more manageable parts. My long hours juggling drilled this technique into my mind, to the point I could intuitively apply it to any subject. I applied it to previously existing skills, such as guitar and writing, as well as new skills and studies.
After some time I had a new realization about this hierarchical process to learning. It could be applied beyond just learning information and skill sets.
Learning the Process of Life
I adapted this way of learning into goal setting. This hierarchy/priority based goal setting method wasn't anything new, it was the intuitive understanding of the method through juggling that made it different.
All goals can be broken down into multiple, more simple goals, often referred to as action steps. Sometimes, though, that is not enough, and the action steps you face could still be too daunting. So break it down further, until you feel the steps ahead of you are easily manageable.
As I followed this method, I found confidence in it. Every new goal needed to be deconstructed less and less to feel doable. My brain adapted to this hierarchy way of thinking, and much of life became easy to handle.
I found software that visualized this method through Mind Mapping programs, further optimizing the process. Mind maps can be made anywhere you have access to a computer, or a pen and paper. If I were stuck with one method of goal setting/achieving, it would be this one. Though combined with other programs, like setting priorities and creating routines, it can be optimized further.
No matter what it is you wish to achieve, I encourage trying this for yourself, and seeing how it works. I also encourage juggling. Besides it possibly providing a deep understanding of learning, it has also shown many other benefits in relation to mental health, memory, physical health, and intelligence. All of which I will go into further in later posts.
I hope this method can help those stuck, and further motivate those already on a goal oriented path. Now go play with balls.
Advertisements
The new government came to power a year ago. During the difficult years before that, the current leaders often called for societal transformation especially to reduce poverty in the country. Now that they are in power, it is timely to review what has been achieved so far.
On the one hand, it can be said plainly that one year is too short a time to carry out a crucial task like nation building. On the other hand, 365 days is a long enough time to achieve important changes if one is constantly on the alert and efficient. As such, one can perform the promised agenda, at least to a reasonable degree.
In the days before the new government under the National League for Democracy was formed, many observers assumed that longstanding allies would be rewarded with respectable and suitable positions in the Cabinet. For instance, it was hoped that Shan Nationalities League for Democratic Party (SNLD) Chairman Khun Tun Oo and representatives of 88 Generation Students leaders would be called upon to help with the new transformation. But that was not the case.
Also ignored were former MPs who closely monitored the work and performance of the previous government in Parliament and were able to effect changes to various repressive laws.
Personalities like U Thein Nyunt, U Khaing Maung Ye and others have been completely ignored by the ruling party's elite. They used to be the NLD hardcore, but they quit the NLD to contest in the 2010 general election, which the NLD boycotted. Other outstanding MPs, including Dr Nyo Nyo Thinn, were not on the list.
Given this ongoing trend, some friends eventually turned to foes. Now the 88 Generation Students' leaders have decided to form their own political party to contest the next general election. They are confident that they could win parliament seats in 2020 if the government is still unable to fulfill its pledges to transform society.
When the Cabinet was announced a year ago, it comprised some highly educated persons with doctorates, but they soon came under severe criticism for not having been educated abroad and for some having got their degrees online. The criticism was so disturbing that the NLD had to take up the matter for internal discussion, and, as a consequence, some decided to drop the “Dr” prefix from their names.
In the months that followed, it became obvious that the formerly close ties between SNLD chair Khun Tun Oo and the NLD top echelon had frozen. It is not wrong to say that since the current government's very first day, its friends and allies have not been included, and the ruling party has relied mainly on its own members.
In the general election of 2015, the common folks whole-heartedly responded to the call to vote for the NLD, which won a landslide victory. Voters anticipated that with the overwhelming NLD victory, there would be dramatic and effective changes in their lives and society at large, but now they are disappointed because many of the promises were not kept as they had hoped.
Understandably, the government sometimes could not perform its tasks completely because there are many barriers and unpredictable circumstances. Also, in the current government, there are military-appointed ministers. To move forward, all stakeholders must cooperate with one another.
In addition, the NLD-led government faces a huge dilemma in engaging bureaucrats in all sectors. Some senior officials who served in the previous government might not follow orders or implement action plans assigned by the new government, which has created misunderstandings between the government and public.
One pivotal factor that has contributed to the people's growing misery is the government's inability to bring down the exorbitant foreign exchange rate. Apparently, the government dare not deal directly with this life-or-death matter. The reason is simple enough: Whenever there was an attempt to curb the value of the kyat, the exchange rate becomes unstable. Theoretically, if the foreign exchange rate is high, the prices of all imported items will go up. But in practice, the prices of daily commodities have gone up regardless of whether they are imported or locally produced, which causes great hardships for people. The government should prioritise this issue of trying to stabilise the exchange rate. Of course, there are other priorities as well, such as bringing peace to the country and advancing economic development.
At this juncture, the people are hopeful that drastic changes would happen quickly in the country and that the government will be more transparent and accountable. They also want the government to explain to them what will be the democratic dividends under the NLD's leadership. In the previous government, the former leader addressed people every month. This is not happening now. So even if the government has scored successes in certain sectors, the public at large has no knowledge of them. Worse still, most federal ministers and states as well as regional chief ministers remain silent when it comes time to talk about the country's affairs.
There is a saying that a good government is like a stomach: When it is working right, you hardly know it exists. But there is another kind of government that does not inform the public or media about its activities, as if there is no government at all.
The author is a veteran journalist with four decades of experience.
Married LGBT older adults are healthier, happier than singles, study finds
Kim Eckart UW News
Same-sex marriage has been the law of the land for nearly two years — and in some states for even longer — but researchers can already detect positive health outcomes among couples who have tied the knot, a University of Washington study finds.
For years, studies have linked marriage with happiness among heterosexual couples. But a study from the UW School of Social Work is among the first to explore the potential benefits of marriage among LGBT couples. It is part of a national, groundbreaking longitudinal study with a representative sample of LGBT older adults, known as “Aging with Pride: National Health, Aging, Sexuality/Gender Study,” which focuses on how historical, environmental, psychological, behavioral, social and biological factors are associated with health, aging and quality of life.
UW researchers found that LGBT study participants who were married reported better physical and mental health, more social support and greater financial resources than those who were single. The findings were published in a February special supplement of The Gerontologist.
“In the nearly 50 years since Stonewall, same-sex marriage went from being a pipe dream to a legal quagmire to reality — and it may be one of the most profound changes to social policy in recent history,” said lead author Jayn Goldsen, research study supervisor in the UW School of Social Work.
Some 2.7 million adults ages 50 and older identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender — a number that is expected to nearly double by 2060.
Among LGBT people, marriage increased noticeably after a 2015 U.S. Supreme Court ruling legalized same-sex marriage nationwide. A 2016 Gallup Poll found that 49 percent of cohabiting gay couples were married, up from 38 percent before the ruling.
For the UW study, more than 1,800 LGBT people, ages 50 and older, were surveyed in 2014 in locations where gay marriage was already legal (32 states and Washington, D.C.). About one-fourth were married, another fourth were in a committed relationship, and half were single. Married respondents had spent an average of 23 years together, while those in a committed, unmarried relationship had spent an average of 16 years. Among the study participants, more women were married than men, and of the respondents who were married, most identified as non-Hispanic white.
Researchers found that, in general, participants in a relationship, whether married or in a long-term partnership, showed better health outcomes than those who were single. But those who were married fared even better, both socially and financially, than couples in unmarried, long-term partnerships. Single LGBT adults were more likely to have a disability; to report lower physical, psychological, social and environmental quality of life; and to have experienced the death of a partner, especially among men. The legalization of gay marriage at the federal level opens up access to many benefits, such as tax exemptions and Social Security survivor benefits that married, straight couples have long enjoyed. But that does not mean every LGBT couple was immediately ready to take that step.
According to Goldsen, marriage, for many older LGBT people, can be something of a conundrum — even a non-starter. LGBT seniors came of age at a time when laws and social exclusion kept many in the closet. Today's unmarried couples may have made their own legal arrangements and feel that they don't need the extra step of marriage — or they don't want to participate in a traditionally heterosexual institution.
Goldsen also pointed to trends in heterosexual marriage: Fewer people are getting married, and those who do, do so later.
“Older people are living together and thinking outside the box. This was already happening within the LGBT community — couples were living together, but civil marriage wasn't part of the story,” she said.
The different attitudes among older LGBT people toward marriage is something service providers, whether doctors, attorneys or tax professionals, should be aware of, Goldsen said. Telling a couple they should get married now simply because they can miss the individual nature of the choice.
“Service providers need to understand the historical context of this population,” she said. “Marriage isn't for everyone. It is up to each person, and there are legal, financial and potentially societal ramifications.” For example, among the women in the study, those who were married were more likely to report experiencing bias in the larger community.
At the same time, Goldsen said, single LGBT older adults do not benefit from the marriage ruling, and other safeguards, such as anti-discrimination laws in employment, housing and public accommodations, are still lacking at the federal level.
Over time, Goldsen and colleagues will continue to examine the influence of same-sex marriage policy on partnership status and health.
The study was funded by the National Institutes of Health and the National Institute on Aging. Other researchers were Karen Fredriksen-Goldsen, Amanda Bryan, Hyun-Jun Kim and Sarah Jen in the UW School of Social Work; and Anna Muraco of Loyola Marymount University.
###
Contact: Jayn Goldsen: jayng@uw.edu, 206-616-2887.
New Delhi: The Delhi High Court on Tuesday advised Arvind Kejriwal, who has been lodged in Tihar Jail, to furnish a bail bond in the criminal defamation complaint filed against him by BJP leader Nitin Gadkari.
A bench of justices Kailash Gambhir and Sunita Gupta said Kejriwal can raise whatever legal issues he wants to, once he comes out of jail and that he should not make it a prestige issue.
After senior advocate Shanti Bhushan and advocate Prashant Bhushan, appearing for Kejriwal, sought to meet the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader in prison to seek his instruction and put forth the court's suggestion, the bench allowed them to meet him anytime before 1 pm.
The court will now hear the matter at 3 pm.
The judges advised Kejriwal to furnish the bail bond and said that the same would be subject to final outcome of the legal issues raised by him.
The legal issue raised by Kejriwal, in his petition seeking his immediate release from the jail, is whether bail bond is necessary in summons case when accused appears and is accompanied by a lawyer.
The petition challenged the 21 and 23 May orders of a magisterial court remanding Kejriwal in judicial custody for not furnishing bail bond in the criminal defamation complaint filed by Gadkari, saying the same was not mandatory and he should have been allowed to give a written undertaking instead.
Kejriwal in his plea, filed through advocate Rohit Kumar Singh, has said the magisterial order sending him to judicial custody was "illegal" as it was based on a "completely wrong premise of law."
During the proceedings, the bench suggested that Kejriwal should furnish bail bond and challenge the magisterial orders once he comes out of jail.
It also questioned how a habeas corpus, filed on behalf of Kejriwal, applies against a judicial order. A writ of habeas corpus is used to bring a prisoner or detainee before the court to determine if the person's imprisonment or detention is lawful.
Kejriwal's counsel argued that his detention is "totally illegal" as only a person in custody is required to furnish bail bond.
The counsel argued that Kejriwal had appeared in pursuance to summons of the court and was accompanied by a lawyer and, therefore, there was no need for him to furnish bail bond, especially when he was willing to give an undertaking.
They said the requirement of pre-trial bail in the current situation is an antiquated practice which is absent in socially developed and forward nations like the US.
When the accused was present in court with counsel in pursuance to its summons, then there was no need to direct him to furnish bail bond, the counsel argued.
Senior advocate Pinky Anand, appearing for Gadkari, opposed the habeas corpus plea, saying such a petition was not maintainable against judicial orders.
She also argued that under the law, every person is required to furnish bail bonds in such cases to ensure his presence.
She also objected to Kejriwal's conduct in the jail by having written an open letter questioning the magisterial orders sending him to judicial custody.
A former Delhi Chief Minister, Kejriwal was sent to judicial custody by a magistrate on May 21 for two days. On May 23, his custody was extended by 14 days till June 6 after he refused to furnish a bail bond when he was granted bail in the case.
The magistrate had refused to review its May 21 order remanding Kejriwal in judicial custody for not furnishing the bail bond and had asked him to approach the higher court, challenging the decision.
Kejriwal was earlier summoned as an accused by the court in the defamation complaint in which Gadkari had alleged that he was defamed by the AAP leader, who had included his name in the party's list of "India's most corrupt".
On 21 May, the court had granted bail to Kejriwal in the defamation complaint, saying the offence under Section 500 of IPC was bailable and had asked him to furnish a personal bond.
He, however, was taken into custody after he refused to give the bail bond, saying the case was politically motivated and he does not wish to seek bail. He had said that he was ready to give an undertaking that he would appear in the court whenever required.
The court had on 28 February summoned Kejriwal as an accused in the case, observing that statements allegedly made by the AAP leader have the effect of "harming the reputation" of the complainant.
PTI
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Adams receives Olympic gold medal ROB KIDD AND SIMON PLUMB
Fairfax NZ
Valerie Adams gets her gold medal at The Cloud in Auckland.
Finally, Valerie Adams has her London 2012 Olympic shot put gold medal around her neck.
Few medal ceremonies in Olympic history could match the expectation ahead this evening's presentation at The Cloud in Auckland, which was held in front of 2500 people.
Adams was awarded the gold medal after Belaursian shot putter Nadzeya Ostapchuk was stripped of the medal for twice testing positive for steroids.
She was joined by New Zealand's other 2012 Olympic medallists, including champions Mahe Drysdale, Hamish Bond and Eric Murray.
The Southern Cross Campus choir from Adams' former high school performed a rousing national anthem and Adams' 11-year-old niece, Sharne Pupuke-Robati presented her with flowers.
"This is more than I expected," Adams said, while struggling to hold back tears.
"I do this for you and I do this for our country," she said.
Before the medal presentation Governor-General Sir Jerry Mateparae paid tribute to Adams' achievement in London.
"It symbolises the outstanding individual achievement and captures the notion of athletic chivalry," he said.
"Tonight Valerie Adams, we've reconvened the audience of three and a half million New Zealanders."
Mateparae also had a cheeky dig at the way the country's sixth gold medal had come about calling Adams' effort as "the best clean shot that night".
Fans, many adorned in black and waving flags, filled The Cloud ahead of the ceremony.
While the ceremony was open to the public, the New Zealand Olympic Committee elected to give away the 2000 tickets through radio competitions.
Thomas Jacobson, 10, was near the front of the queue with his mum Heather.
The pair travelled from Waipu in Northland to see Adams get gold and Thomas said it would make up for the heartache of seeing his hero lose in London.
"She really deserves this," he said. "She's done such an amazing thing."
Aucklander Amy Crawford, 8, did her recent school project on the shot put champ and said she was "really excited" about seeing the gold medal finally go round Adams' neck.
The ceremony was followed by fireworks displays at the Auckland and Wellington waterfronts.
ADAMS MOBBED ON RETURN TO AUCKLAND
Adams was mobbed by family and well-wishers as she appeared through the arrival gate at Auckland International Airport, arms aloft, early this morning after a long flight from Switzerland.
"I'm so happy to be home, I've been waiting for this for so long, not just for the medal but to see my family as well," Adams said.
"I'm really looking forward to tonight.
"It was a long flight, but a good one. I felt a bit out of whack earlier but it's one of those days where adrenaline is stronger than the need for sleep."
Acknowledging what is one of the rarest experiences in sport, Adams has been able to spend the last week safe in the knowledge of what awaits around the corner.
"It's been weird, but the wait will be worth it'm sure," she said.
"I'm just looking forward to getting that medal around my neck."
Adams had another reason to smile thanks to a bit of special mid-air treatment.
Air New Zealand surprised the athlete with some special bedding including a "Welcome Home Valerie" pillow and a gold medal duvet.
It also provided a napkin which stated "enjoy your medal" rather than "enjoy your meal".
Spokeswoman Brigitte Ransom said they wanted to make her homecoming "a little more special".
- Fairfax Media
Comments
A number of readers are reporting that the "Apple Events" channel has returned to their Apple TVs, revealing that Apple will indeed be offering a live video stream of today's media event. Apple has offered live streams of several recent events, but did not do so for last month's iPhone event.Apple should also be making the stream available through its website, but the announcement and page for the stream have yet to go live Apple's keynote kicks off at 10:00 AM Pacific Time, and MacRumors will have full coverage of the event.: Apple's website has now been updated with the live stream , and the company's online store has gone down as usual ahead of the event.As with previous events, the stream through Apple's website requires a minimum of Safari 4 on OS X 10.6 or Safari on iOS 4.2.
Dairy-Free Pasta Alfredo Soup has all the flavors of the famous pasta dish but it is completely dairy-free. Rich, creamy, fast, easy and memorable.
The cooler the weather the more I want to get my soup on. What could be better than to turn an old classic favorite into a rich and creamy soup?
Dairy-Free Pasta Alfredo Soup is just that recipe. What makes it even more fun is that this recipe is vegan, through and through.
There are a couple of hints to making this Alfredo easier and fool-proof. They are to precook the carrots and also the pasta.
Then you just concentrate on making the creamy rich soup base. Combine it all together, heat and eat it all up.
You would think that a recipe like this would be packed full of fats but that isn't true. The original non-vegan version is high fats but not this one.
My life is so much healthier since I became a plant-based eater.
I breathe much easier as I treat my family to Mac ‘n Cheese, Scalloped Potatoes, Spaghetti Carbonara and all of the other ‘cheesy' and creamy meals out there knowing that they are all dairy-free.
I just have to show you a picture of my Dairy-Free Scalloped Potatoes recipe. I have been making them for years and they are #1 on the blog.
And people ask what vegans eat! Little do they know that we can enjoy almost any recipe in the world with just a few tweaks.
Below I shared a few ways that can help you stay in shape and cut calories over the upcoming holiday. Thank goodness for all of the wonderful products that are out there now.
Most of all Silk and their line of great dairy-free choices. Now we can easily transform our old favorite dishes into plant-based recipes. #DoPlants
A nice bite of Dairy-Free Pasta Alfredo Soup
What are Some Tips on Keeping Calories Down Over the Holidays?
It's not hard to keep your health in check during the holidays. If you have thick and rich soups like “ Dairy-Free Pasta Alfredo Soup ” where the dairy-free milk is half the calories of regular milk.
Have nuts and dried fruits as a snack and have a few when you are craving a treat. I mix a huge bowl of a variety of goodies and keep it in an airtight container. Right now it's almonds, walnuts, dates, sunflower kernels, pepitas, dried cranberries, and peanuts. Keep the snack to about 1/4 of a cup.
Make sure you have fresh fruit in the house to satisfy your sweets craving. Bananas are great. Whoever started that myth that bananas add belly fat caused a lot of trouble in our innocent minds. They do no such thing.
Soup for lunch is a great way to get your protein, vitamins, and nutrients while keeping the carbs to a minimum. Who needs bread?
Believe it or not, try to leave out the coconut oil as much as you can. I know it tastes fabulous but it is loaded with saturated fat.
Some ways to see calorie and saturated fat reduction is to always use plant-based milk in any nut variety that you want – that equals at least 50% fewer calories than dairy milk and 0% saturated fat.
Try to stay away from treats with refined sugars. There are endless recipes and pre-made candies that are sweetened with maple syrup, coconut sugar, dates or stevia. Whichever you prefer.
Drink water throughout the day. Not only is it good for you but it really does help to space out your meals and snacks.
This post contains affiliate links. Read my disclosure policy here.
Let's Get Connected! Facebook | Pinterest | Instagram | Bloglovin
History will take place at LFA 16 with the first title defense since the promotion debuted in January.
Women's flyweight champion Andrea Lee will take on Davina Maciel in the headliner of the AXS TV-televised event July 14 at The Bomb Factory in Dallas.
Lee (7-2) will enter the bout on a three-fight winning streak and make her return to LFA after one fight away. “KGB” won the inaugural title in February when she submitted Heather Bassett with an armbar at LFA 4. Lee's most recent bout took place in Invicta FC, winning a split decision over Liz Tracy in May at Invicta FC 23.
Maciel (6-1) will make her LFA debut also riding a three-fight winning streak after an armbar submission in April under the Extreme Warriors International banner. Four of Maciel's six victories have come by way stoppage during her 12-year professional career.
The LFA 16 card includes:
Champ Andrea Lee vs. Davina Maciel – for women's flyweight title
Steven Peterson vs. Angel Huerta
Johnny Bedford vs. Jimmy Flick
Damon Jackson vs. Eliazar Rodriguez
Miles Johns vs. Levi Mowles
For more on LFA 16, check out the MMA Rumors section of the site.
Qaw the Raven
This is not my costume! I am posting this because I had a hand in making it, and I had the honor of getting some photos of the completed thing. This year at RMFC I took a real camera with me for the first time to a con. I'm super glad I did, because Qaw was there!! I made the mask and claws for this on commission. The mask was done on a modified base by Crystumes. I sculpted on her crow base to make a raven's beak, and added faux fur, hand-set about eleventy billion feathers, and hand-set an equal number of boar bristles for the rictal bristles on the beak. I was so super excited to see it in action. It's delightful to see something I worked on, hopping around!
Qaw stopped by my dealer's table and attempted to steal the plush gryphon Shard owned by my table-mate Jess Owen (see second to last photo), then kindly allowed me to follow it around for a few impromptu photos! I didn't have any hand in making the rest of the costume, including the really neat vest and pants. All photos are mine, except for the last one, when I bumped into Qaw while wearing Kinglet, and my husband was able to get a photo.
The very awesome sloth in these photos is Tica. I traced down her FA gallery by searching her name: http://www.furaffinity.net/user/tica
Qaw is NOT mine. Photos posted with their permission! Qaw on FA: http://www.furaffinity.net/user/qaw/
And Twitter: https://twitter.com/qawstume
All material presented in Pediatric Infectious Disease Notes has been reviewed and approved by the chairperson, Canadian Paediatric Society Board and representative members of the Canadian Paediatric Society Committee on Infectious Diseases and Immunization
The fourth edition of the Canadian Immunization Guide (1993) recommends that “persons who have a history of anaphylactic hypersensitivity to hens' eggs (urticaria, swelling of the mouth and throat, difficulty in breathing or hypotension) should not be given measles vaccine except under special precautions”. The precautions outlined include skin testing with diluted vaccine and graded-challenge vaccination if the skin test is positive. Results of several recent studies have questioned such a cautious approach. The National Advisory Committee on Immunization (NACI) has reviewed all available data and revised its guidelines accordingly. The following revised guidelines are a major departure from the previously published recommendations. They will appear in the next edition of the Canadian Immunization Guide.
A measles-rubella combination vaccine (Mo-Ru Viraten Berna, Switzerland) recently licensed in Canada contains no avian proteins and therefore can be used without regard to egg allergy.
Vaccines that contain small quantities of egg protein can cause hypersensitivity reactions in some people with egg allergy. Adverse reactions are more likely with vaccines, such as yellow fever and influenza vaccines, that are grown in embryonated eggs. In contrast, measles and mumps vaccine viruses, which are most widely used in Canada, are grown in chick-embryo cell culture. Even after extensive purification, final vaccine products may contain trace quantities of avian proteins resembling proteins present in hens' eggs (1,2).
Anaphylaxis after administering measles-containing vaccines is rare and has been reported in individuals with anaphylactic hypersensitivity to eggs as well as those with no history of egg allergy. In some of these instances, allergy to neomycin (3,4) or gelatin (5) was hypothesized but, in most cases, no allergen was identified (6–8).
Because of rare anaphylactic reactions after measles-containing vaccines, NACI had recommended that measles-mumps-rubella (MMR) skin testing be performed in individuals with anaphylactic hypersensitivity to eggs. Recent studies have raised questions about the usefulness of and a rationale for these recommendations. These studies have reported uneventful routine MMR immunization in egg-allergic individuals (8–11) and in those with positive MMR skin tests (12). Others have reported occasional adverse reactions despite the use of MMR skin testing and graded challenge (13–15). In a Canadian study, 500 egg-allergic children including 33 with respiratory distress associated with egg ingestion were safely immunized; skin testing was abandoned after the first 120 children because of its lack of predictiveness (16). Most recently, 54 children with egg allergy, including three with positive MMR skin tests, were routinely immunized without problem (17). In reviewing the literature, these investigators calculated that over 1200 individuals with egg allergy have been assessed for measles immunization. None of the 284 children with egg allergy confirmed by blinded food challenge had any problem with routine measles immunization (95% CI 99.0% to 100%).
Routine immunization was tolerated in all of 1209 children with positive skin tests for egg allergy (95% CI 99.75% to 100%) and in 1225 of 1227 (99.84%) children with histories of egg allergy (95% CI 99.41% to 99.98%). In addition, 38 anaphylactic reactions after measles immunization have been reported in the literature in individuals without a history of egg allergy; MMR skin tests were positive in only four of the nine (44.4%) individuals tested (17).
Mark Zuckerberg said he is reconsidering his approach to acquiring parcels of land on his sprawling estate in Hawaii.
The move to get the land through a unique Hawaiian law angered locals and prompted a state lawmaker to propose a bill that would force Zuckerberg into mediation before buying real estate on Kauai.
The billionaire chief executive officer of Facebook said yesterday: 'Based on feedback from the local community, we are reconsidering the quiet title process and discussing how to move forward.
'We want to make sure we are following a process that protects the interests of property owners, respects the traditions of Native Hawaiians, and preserves the environment.'
Zuckerberg is looking to buy out a dozen small parcels of land at his $100 million estate
Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg, (pictured, right, with his wife Priscilla), has faced criticism over his plans create a new home for his family in Hawaii in his $100 million estate
Zuckerberg reportedly paid over $100million for the Kahu'aina plantation and the neighboring Pila'a Beach estate in 2014.
But he does not own all the land on the estates.
There are about 14 small pockets of land, some less than an acre. They originally belonged to Native Hawaiians who were given the land when private property was established in Hawaii in the mid-19th century.
Many of the landowners died without making wills, and it was never determined who inherited the land.
Last month Zuckerberg's lawyers filed a lawsuit asking the courts to find these owners so Zuckerberg could provide fair compensation for their land through the quiet title process, according to the documents.
C ritics described him as acting as 'bullying modern colonizers'.
Last Friday State Representative Kaniela Ing said he would introduce legislation which would force Zuckerberg into mediation before purchasing land on the island.
Zuckerberg has struck a conciliatory tone, saying: 'We love Kauai. We want to be good members of the community and preserve the land for generations to come.'
LAHORE: As many as 15 policemen were booked for torturing a guesthouse worker to death during a raid in Johar Town on Tuesday.
Malik Saeed, 40, a waiter, was on duty at the Green Light Guesthouse in Wafaqi Colony when a police party raided the place.
The policemen nabbed Saeed and after allegedly torturing him to death over exchange of harsh words threw his body in a room and left the scene.
The workers of the guesthouse gathered on the spot and staged a protest demonstration against Johar Town police. They chanted slogans against police for torturing their co-worker to death.
Meanwhile, senior police officers reached the spot and assured the protesters that strict action would be taken against the policemen if found involved in the matter. The protesters later dispersed peacefully.
Police shifted the body to Jinnah Hospital morgue for an autopsy.
Punjab Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif took notice of the incident and sought a report from Inspector General Mushtaq Sukhera.
Saddar Division Superintendent of Police (SP) Faisal Mukhtar said the postmortem examination report would reveal the exact cause of Saeed's death.
He said police also registered a murder case against 15 policemen on the complaint of the victim's family.
Published in Dawn, March 9th, 2016
Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Chuck Grassley is calling on Andrew McCabe to be replaced as the FBI's deputy director.
But Grassley, a Republican, said that President Trump should steer clear of the matter. Instead, FBI Director Christopher Wray should remove McCabe, who has come under heavy fire from Republicans over his roles in the Clinton email and Russia collusion investigations.
“Trump ought to stay out of it. I think it's a Christopher Wray job,” Grassley told reporters on Monday, according to Bloomberg News.
“He oughta be replaced,” Grassley said of McCabe. “And I've said that before and I've said it to people who can do it.”
The bureau's second highest-ranking official, McCabe will be interviewed by the House Intelligence Committee on Tuesday. He will be asked about his role in the Russia investigation and his knowledge about the infamous Trump dossier, the 35-page document written by former British spy Christopher Steele and funded by the Clinton campaign and DNC.
The FBI and Justice Department have reluctantly agreed to make McCabe available to the committee, which is one of three Congressional panels looking into Russian interference in the presidential campaign.
Grassley's committee is also investigating the issue.
Grassley has pressed the FBI over McCabe's involvement in the Clinton email investigation. McCabe recused himself from that investigation in Oct. 2016 after it was reported that his wife received hundreds of thousands in campaign contributions for a Virginia state senate bid from Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a staunch ally of the Clintons.
Grassley and his Republican colleagues are also interested in McCabe's knowledge about FBI agent Peter Strzok's handling of the Russia investigation. Strzok was kicked off of Special Counsel Robert Mueller's team after it was discovered that he sent anti-Trump and pro-Clinton text messages last year while working on both of the investigations.
In one cryptic text message, dated Aug. 15, 2016, Strzok appeared to reference a discussion that had taken place in McCabe's office.
“I want to believe the path you threw out for consideration in Andy's office — that there's no way he gets elected — but I'm afraid we can't take that risk. It's like an insurance policy in the unlikely event you die before you're 40,” Strzok wrote to Lisa Page, an FBI lawyer who was also his mistress.
Follow Chuck on Twitter
The sack of 455 was the third of four ancient sacks of Rome; it was conducted by the Vandals, who were then at war with the usurping Western Roman Emperor Petronius Maximus.
Background [ edit ]
In the 440s, the Vandal king Genseric and the Roman Emperor Valentinian III had betrothed their children, Huneric and Eudocia,[1] to strengthen their alliance, reached in 442 with a peace treaty (the marriage was delayed as Eudocia was too young). In 455 Valentinian was killed, and Petronius Maximus rose to the throne. Petronius married Valentinian's widow, Licinia Eudoxia, and had his son Palladius marry Eudocia; in this way Petronius was to strengthen his bond with the Theodosian dynasty. Unhappy, however, with her husband's murder and the usurpation of Maximus, Eudoxia turned to aid from the Vandals to remove Maximus from his undeserved throne.[2] The overture was favorably met, because Maximus' revolution was damaging to Genseric's ambitions. The king of the Vandals claimed that the broken betrothal between Huneric and Eudocia invalidated his peace treaty with Valentinian, and set sail to attack Rome, landing at Ostia at the mouth of the Tiber.[3]
The sack [ edit ]
Before approaching the city, the Vandals knocked down all of the city's aqueducts. At the sight of the approaching Vandals, Maximus and his soldiers tried to flee the city but he was spotted and killed by a Roman mob outside the city,[4] possibly together with his son Palladius. Upon the Vandal arrival, according to the chronicler Prosper of Aquitaine, Pope Leo I requested that Genseric not destroy the ancient city nor murder its inhabitants. Genseric agreed and the gates of Rome were thrown open to him and his men.
While Genseric kept his promise not to burn the city and slaughter its inhabitants, he did carry off some to be slaves, and during that time Genseric managed to capture Empress Licinia Eudoxia, Valentinian's widow, and her daughters, Eudocia and Placidia as they tried to escape.[5] Eudoxia and her children were the last of Rome's imperial family. Eudocia would later marry Huneric.
Aftermath [ edit ]
It is accepted that Genseric looted great amounts of treasure from the city, damaging objects of cultural significance such as the Temple of Jupiter Optimus Maximus by stripping away the gilt bronze roof tiles (hence the modern term vandalism[6]).[7] There is, however, some debate over the severity of the Vandal sack. The sack of 455 is generally seen as being more thorough than the Visigothic sack of 410[8] because the Vandals plundered Rome for fourteen days whereas the Visigoths spent only three days in the city.
Interpretation [ edit ]
A cause of significant controversy is the claim that the sack was relatively "clean", in that there was little murder and violence, and the Vandals did not burn the buildings of the city. This interpretation seems to stem from Prosper's claim that pope Leo managed to persuade Genseric to refrain from violence. However, Victor of Vita records how many shiploads of captives arrived in Africa from Rome, with the purpose of being sold into slavery. Similarly, the Byzantine historian Procopius reports that a church was burnt down. Some modern historians like John Henry Haaren stated that there were temples, public buildings, private houses and even the emperor's palace that were sacked.[9] Besides taking many Romans as slaves, the Vandals also committed other depredations like taking immense quantities of gold, silver, jewels and furniture, destroying works of art, and killing a number of citizens.
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Procopius, 'The Vandalic War' in The History of the Wars , Books III & IV, trans. H.B Dewing (Cambridge; Mass. 1916)
, Books III & IV, trans. H.B Dewing (Cambridge; Mass. 1916) Muhlberger, S., The Fifth Century Chroniclers: Prosper, Hydatius and the Gallic Chronicler of 452 (Leeds, 1990) — for Prosper's hagiographic portrayal of Leo.
(Leeds, 1990) — for Prosper's hagiographic portrayal of Leo. Victor of Vita, History of the Vandal Persecution, trans. J. Moorhead (Liverpool, 1992).
Ward-Perkins, B., The Fall of Rome and the End of Civilisation (Oxford, 2005) pp. 17 & 189.
See also [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Donnie Yen poses next to an ‘X-wing fighter' on the red carpet as he arrives at the world premiere of the film ‘Rogue One: A Star Wars Story' in Los Angeles December 10, 2016. — Reuters pic
HONG KONG, March 21 — Donnie Yen has confirmed that Ip Man 4 will begin filming in 2018.
The Hong Kong action star shared the news via his official Facebook page, writing: “Some prefer to call me the P MAN. Filming begins 2018, I am back!”
Yen's post was accompanied by the teaser poster below.
No official release date has been set.
Last September, Yen also used Facebook to announce that he would be reprising his role as legendary Wing Chun grand master Ip Man.
Wilson Yip, who has directed all previous Ip Man movies, will also be returning, as will martial arts choreographer, Yuen Woo Ping.
Since the franchise's debut in 2008, the Ip Man films have been massive hits worldwide.
Yen was most recently seen in XxX: Return of Xander Cage with Vin Diesel, and has two more releases lined up for 2017: King of Drug Dealers and Iceman 2. He also starred in last year's smash-hit Star Wars spinoff, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story.
head and she sometimes wore pants, which is unusual for women in Somalia.
3. In the early 1990s, when Somalia devolved into civil war, Ms. Warsame moved to
the United States. She lived in New York, where her son Harbi was born, and then moved to Minneapolis. She returned to her homeland of Somalia in 2012 to run for office, and was elected to the Somali Federal Parliament, representing northeastern Puntland.
4. Dahabshiil has for some time been closely associated with al-Shabaab, and it is a longtime financial supporter of the group and its terrorist activities. For example, according to a United Nations report, Dahabshiil financed "a large scale assassination operation” in Mogadishu by the Amniyat, al-Shabaab's elite intelligence unit, which involved a "wave of assassinations of national intelligence officers and members of the Federal parliament.”1
5. One of Ms. Warsame's better known songs was a protest against Dahabshiil and its support of al-Shabaab. The song, called "Dhiigshiil ha dhigan,” contains a play on words. The name of the defendant, "Dahabshiil,” means "gold smelter.” Ms. Warsame changed this to "Dhiigshiil,” which means "blood smelter.” The translation of the title is "Don't Do Business With The Blood Smelter.” The lyrics she sang include these:
They call him "Blood Smelter” to manipulate the public
He has a lot of money to make sure Mogadishu will never be at peace He is the enemy of Somalia
Somalis, do not deposit your money to his banks
He is real tribalism; he is destroying our land
The money he is making from us will kill our children
Somalis, do not deposit your money to his banks
1 Report of the Monitoring Group on Somalia and Eritrea pursuant to Security Council resolution 2060 (2012): Somalia, available at: http://repository.un.org/bitstream/handle/11176/ 24077/S_2013_413-EN.pdf (last checked December 1, 2015).
It is is the first time Sweden's floppy-eared athletes will compete at Yorkshire's Small Animal Show dubbed the 'Crufts of the small animal world' - since Cherie, a two-year-old bunny from Gävle, bounded to victory in the 2012 hurdle race.
The sport of bunny athletics originated in Sweden in the 1970s, speading to England in 2011, when Swedish bunnies first competed at the Great Yorkshire Showground in Harrogate.
Scandinavia still leads the world, with the Danish hopper Tosen holding the record for the highest jump (close to a metre), and another Dane, Yabo, holding the three metre long-jump record.
Karin Molin from Sweden, who is bringing the Scandinavian competitors to the show, hopes her prize rabbit can beat his personal record.
“My rabbit Micro loves the events and has had several high placements from championships in Sweden and did very well in England last year,” she told the Yorkshire Post.
“His record in high jumping currently stands at 85cm high. We hope to beat it in Harrogate.”
Tina Larsson from Borlänge, whose rabbits, Llse and Tora, are the reigning Swedish champions, told Sweden's TT agency that the sport was so far advanced in Sweden that it was barely worth competing against other countries.
"We cannot compete internationally against anyone, because we just wipe the board with them," she said. "The only country that comes anywhere near the Swedish level is Norway, thanks to the fact that Norwegians have been buying Swedish rabbits."
Paul Threapleton, one of the event's organisers, first invited the bunnies after seeing videos of them on YouTube.
“The first year they came to the show it was a huge success, and we're looking forward to seeing them in action again,” he told the paper.
WASHINGTON After meeting with rocker Ted Nugent on Thursday, the Secret Service says its probe into what he had to say about President Barack Obama is over.
Last weekend during a National Rifle Association meeting in St. Louis, Nugent rallied support for Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and said of the Obama administration: “We need to ride into that battlefield and chop their heads off in November.” He also said he would be “dead or in jail by this time next year” if Obama is re-elected.
That drew the attention of the Secret Service. Nugent said he discussed the matter with two agents on Thursday while in Oklahoma.
“The issue has been resolved,” agency spokesman Brian Leary said in a statement. “The Secret Service does not anticipate any further action.”
In a statement on his website, Nugent called it a “good, solid, professional meeting concluding that I have never made any threats of violence towards anyone.”
“The meeting could not have gone better,” he said. “I thanked them for their service, we shook hands and went about our business. Godbless the good federal agents wherever they may be.”
Nugent said he was just speaking figuratively when he made what some perceived to be threats against Obama and that he didn't threaten anyone's life or advocate violence.
“Metaphors needn't be explained to educated people,” he said.
For years, the Afghan army has tried to emulate U.S. forces. Who knew this imitation would extend to the reckless procurement of ineffective and ridiculous camo patterns?
For the past decade, the United States has spent about $28 million on woodland cammies for Afghan soldiers. This pattern boldly stands out in the vast majority of Afghan environs. In other words, the U.S. has been funding uniforms that make Afghan troops sharp-dressed targets.
This woodland design was approved without proper testing, according to a new report by the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction. Instead, the HyperStealth Spec4ce Forest camouflage was picked seemingly on the whim of then-Afghan Defense Minister Abdul Rahim Wardak. He found the pattern while Internet surfing.
Not mincing words, Inspector General John Sopko told USA Today the decision was "just simply stupid."
Not only an ineffective pattern, it was also costly. The U.S. has rights to a number of patterns the Afghans could have used. Instead, we as taxpayers are paying a premium on the proprietary HyperStealth pattern, with an estimated markup of 40 percent, the inspector general reports.
It's only the latest in a long stream of wasteful spending Sopko's team has identified in Afghanistan. America's longest war has cost about $117 billion since 2002.
When the uniform news broke, American civilians were perplexed — how could the Defense Department agree to fund such wasteful, ineffective uniforms? Sadly, anybody who has worn camo in the past 15 years is used to it. The services have spent billions in recent years to develop and field nearly a dozen camo designs for the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines.
This expensive exercise has led to numerous blunders to include:
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Early Bird Brief
Sailors at sea wearing digital blue "camo" — making them the butt of way too many "don't fall overboard" jokes.
Soldiers wearing the grey-green Army Combat Uniform for years, a uniform that couldn't conceal them in Iraq or Afghanistan.
The Air Force spending years developing its distinctive "tiger-stripe" uniform, duds that were determined unfit for combat in 2010.
Moving forward, the inspector general recommends a cost-benefit analysis and switching the Afghan camo to a pattern for which the U.S. already has rights. This could save taxpayers $70 million.
This wasn't part of the rosy scenario.
The Merchandise World Trade Monitor by the CPB Netherlands Bureau for Economic Policy Analysis, a division of the Ministry of Economic Affairs, tracks global imports and exports in two measures: by volume and by unit price in US dollars. And the just released data for January was a doozie beneath the lackluster surface.
The World Trade Monitor for January, as measured in seasonally adjusted volume, declined 0.4% from December and was up a measly 1.1% from January a year ago. While the sub-index for import volumes rose 3% from a year ago, export volumes fell 0.7%. This sort of “growth,” languishing between slightly negative and slightly positive has been the rule last year.
The report added this about trade momentum:
Regional outcomes were mixed. Both import and export momentum became more negative in the United States. Both became more positive in the Euro Area. Import momentum in emerging Asia rose further, whereas export momentum in emerging Asia has been negative for four consecutive months.
This is also what the world's largest container carrier, Maersk Lines, and others forecast for 2016: a growth rate of about zero to 1% in terms of volume. So not exactly an endorsement of a booming global economy.
But here's the doozie: In terms of prices per unit expressed in US dollars, world trade dropped 3.8% in January from December and is down 12.1% from January a year ago, continuing a rout that started in June 2014. Not that the index was all that strong at the time, after having cascaded lower from its peak in May 2011.
If June 2014 sounds familiar as a recent high point, it's because a lot of indices started heading south after that, including the price of oil, revenues of S&P 500 companies, total business revenues in the US…. That's when the Fed was in the middle of tapering QE out of existence and folks realized that it would be gone soon. That's when the dollar began to strengthen against other key currencies. Shortly after that, inventories of all kinds in the US began to bloat.
Starting from that propitious month, the unit price index of world trade has plunged 23%. It's now lower than it had been at the trough of the Financial Crisis. It hit the lowest level since March 2006:
This chart puts in perspective what Nils Andersen, the CEO of Danish conglomerate AP Møller-Maersk, which owns Maersk Lines, had said last month in an interview following the company's dreary earnings report and guidance: “It is worse than in 2008.” [Read… “Worse than 2008”: World's Largest Container Carrier on the Slowdown in Global Trade.]
But why the difference between the stagnation scenario in world trade in terms of volume and the total collapse of the index that measures world trade in unit prices in US dollars?
The volume measure is a reflection of a languishing global economy. It says that global trade may be sick, but it's not collapsing. It's worse than it was in 2011. This sort of thing was never part of the rosy scenario. But now it's here.
The unit price measure in US dollars is a reflection of two forces, occurring simultaneously: the collapsed prices of the commodities complex, ranging from oil to corn; and the strength of the US dollar, or rather the weakness of certain other currencies, particularly the euro. It didn't help that since last summer, the Chinese yuan has swooned against the dollar as well. So exports and imports from and to China, measured in dollars, have crashed further than when measured in yuan.
And these forces coagulated at a time of lackluster global demand despite, or because of, seven years of QE, zero-interest-rate policies, and now negative-interest-rate policies. It forms another indictment of central bank policies that have failed to stimulate demand though they have succeeded wonderfully in stimulating asset prices, malinvestment, and overcapacity.
World trade in goods is just one factor in the global economy. Now the global financial sector is getting hit too as the artful QE bonanza is bumping into real-world limits. And for global investment banking revenues, a key income source for “systemically important” banks, it has been one heck of a terrible first quarter. Read… The Big Unwind Hits Investment Banking
Enjoy reading WOLF STREET and want to support it? Using ad blockers – I totally get why – but want to support the site? You can donate “beer money.” I appreciate it immensely. Click on the beer mug to find out how:
Would you like to be notified via email when WOLF STREET publishes a new article? Sign up here.
DharaviMarket.com is a for profit initiative aimed at making the skills of the squatter settlement more accessible to the middle/upper classes while providing the local, skilled craftsmen and artisans direct access to local and global markets. It aims at providing, world class, quality goods at cheap prices as one would directly buy from the manufacturers while giving the craftsmen a price worth their craft and effort.
It also aims to clear notions and misunderstandings about life in slums; slum dwellers are not criminals or beggars, they too have robust enterprising skills and close-knit community life.
In the long run we would like to use this platform to voice slum dwellers' right to life, adequate housing and livelihood.
The illiterate but skilled, hardworking, enterprising residents of Dharavi haven't exploited the potential of the worldwide web, we thought we could initiate this for them and so we went ahead and did it!
The transaction fees on the Bitcoin network have skyrocketed to new all-time highs of over $30 in the past couple of months, which has led some to suggest that there could now be an opening for a cheaper, less congested alternative to the world's most popular cryptocurrency.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
Although on-chain transaction fees have priced some types of payments out of Bitcoin completely, various solutions to this issue are currently in development, with the Lightning Network being perhaps the most promising option.
What is the Lightning Network?
The Lightning Network is a system of smart contracts built on top of the base Bitcoin blockchain that allows for fast, cheap payments directly between two parties.
On a technical level, the Lightning Network is built on payment channels, which were envisioned by Bitcoin creator Satoshi Nakamoto in the early days of the project's development. The basic idea here is that two people put some bitcoin into a multisig address and then sign transactions that alter the amount of bitcoin each party is able to redeem. The payment channel can be closed by either party at any time, and the last-signed transaction with the most up-to-date balances for both parties is the one that will be broadcasted and included in the Bitcoin blockchain.
From a less-technical perspective, the Lightning Network's use of payment channels effectively allows users to transact with each other directly rather than broadcasting their business to the entire world. By tracking their payments between each other on their own, the two parties are able to avoid expensive and time-consuming interactions with the blockchain. If there is some sort of dispute regarding balances on the Lightning Network, either party can send the last valid state signed by both parties to the blockchain, which acts as a sort of automated judge that cannot be corrupted or bribed. In other words, nobody can cheat or fudge the numbers.
With the Lightning Network, users are able to transact with anyone who is connected to their network of payment channels through multiple hops. It's a network of payment channels rather than a way of enabling faster transactions between only two parties.
The key benefits of the Lightning Network include: drastically lower fees, instant payments (avoiding Bitcoin's ten minute confirmation times), and the potential for improved privacy since these transactions are not stored in a public ledger forever.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
Comparing the Lightning Network to Low-Fee Altcoins
There are many altcoins that have made their claims to fame by offering cheaper on-chain transactions when compared to Bitcoin. Here are the median transaction fees for some cryptocurrency networks on December 27, 2017 (according to BitInfoCharts):
Bitcoin: $22.99
Ethereum: $0.33
Bitcoin Cash: $0.05
Litecoin: $0.39
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
While there are currently cheaper alternatives to Bitcoin in terms of on-chain transactions, the Lightning Network should enable payments much cheaper than what is offered by these altcoins. In the past, the two co-authors of the original Lightning Network white paper have claimed fees on the layer-two scaling solution for Bitcoin will be effectively zero.
In addition to the lower fees, transactions on the Lightning Network can be accepted as valid instantly, meaning there is no need to wait for a confirmation via a new mined block before a payment can be accepted as valid.
There is also the potential for greater anonymity offered by the Lightning Network (or other, related systems such as TumbleBit), although there is still more work to be completed in this area.
Perhaps the most important factor to consider when comparing Bitcoin's Lightning Network to low-fee altcoins is the higher liquidity, lower volatility, and relative longevity offered by the bitcoin asset. Most people would simply prefer to use bitcoin as money over an altcoin, which is the reason bitcoin has continued to succeed in the face of relatively higher fees.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
What About the Costs of Opening Lightning Channels?
One caveat to the benefits of Bitcoin's Lightning Network is that it still requires a user to open at least one channel to get started. After all, a user cannot send a Lightning Network payment without having a payment channel open with someone else who is on the Lightning Network. This requires an on-chain transaction.
An on-chain transaction is also required to close a channel in case there is a dispute or add more funds to a channel via an address that is not connected to their Lightning node.
The good news is that Bitcoin users can open a Lightning channel with another party while making an on-chain payment. This means that one way users can onboard themselves to the network is to send a Bitcoin transaction they would have sent anyway with the added benefit of a channel now being opened between the two parties. The payment is sent as normal, but now future payments can be sent at effectively no cost via the Lightning Network.
Another possibility is that bitcoin wallet providers may cover the fees for their users. It's likely that the wallet providers would have to collect some identifying information from their users in this case in an effort to prevent the same individual or entity opening many different channels on the wallet provider's dime. Those who wish to remain anonymous will need to pay their own way.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
Users are usually also able to pay a lower on-chain transaction fee if they're willing to wait a longer period of time for that transaction to be included in a block. Those who are willing to wait can open a Lightning channel at a lower cost.
Another possibility is that Litecoin becomes a useful, cheap mechanism for loading Lightning Network channels on top of Bitcoin. An often overlooked aspect of the Lightning Network is that it can be used to implement a sort of decentralized exchange among users who are running Lightning nodes on multiple blockchains. If a Lightning user already has a channel open on Bitcoin, they can fund that channel via Litecoin by way of an intermediary who is running nodes on top of both blockchains.
Further down the line, it's also possible that a sidechain may eventually become a useful method of loading bitcoin onto the Lightning Network at a lower cost. This would work in a manner similar to the Litecoin option described above, with the added benefit that the sidechain is also denominated in bitcoin.
There are also further improvements for the Lightning Network in the works, which could potentially lead to even less frequent interactions with the base Bitcoin blockchain by users of the second-layer protocol.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
One final point worth making here is that the Lightning Network itself should be effective in lowering on-chain transaction fees as some types of payments can now be moved off of the Bitcoin blockchain — decreasing demand for block space.
All Blockchains Have the Same Scaling Limitations
Another thing to remember is that all blockchains face the same realities when it comes to the ability to process a specific number of transactions per second. Bitcoin has large fees because it is the most trusted and long-lasting cryptocurrency network.
According to OnChainFX, Bitcoin miners collected $11,509,422 in transaction fees in the past 24 hours at the time of this writing. The second most lucrative blockchain for cryptocurrency miners — at least in terms of transaction fees — during the same period of time was Ethereum, which had $611,763 paid to its miners. There isn't another cryptocurrency that paid more than $90,000 in transaction fees to its miners during this time.
Fees increase when a blockchain gains a userbase and retains a lower cost of operating a full node — there is no way around this reality. If too many people move to Litecoin in an effort to avoid Bitcoin's high on-chain transaction fees, they will eventually need to move to yet another chain once the Litecoin network becomes too congested.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
We've seen this scenario play out on the Ethereum network, which featured extremely cheap fees and reliable confirmation times on transactions earlier this year. Due to the popularity of initial coin offerings (ICOs) and CryptoKitties, on-chain transaction fees on the Ethereum network have risen from under a penny to a peak of $0.71 on December 14th.
So What's the Verdict?
Since the Lightning Network has yet to launch on top of Bitcoin, it's difficult to predict its impact on cheaper altcoins over the short term. We will simply have to wait and see how the network develops, especially in terms of the potentially high on-chain fees that are required to set up a channel in the first place.
Long term, it seems clear the Lightning Network or something like it will remove the need for cheaper altcoins, but it's unclear how long it will take for this development to come to fruition. As mentioned above, altcoins with low on-chain transactions may have some utility over the short term, perhaps even in assisting the proliferation of the Lightning Network on Bitcoin.
Update: This article has been updated to point out that users may also open a Lightning channel at a lower cost by simply paying a lower fee and waiting a longer period of time for the transaction that opens the Lightning channel to be confirmed.
ARTICLE CONTINUES AFTER ADVERTISEMENT
Update 2: This article has been updated to replace a possibly misleading analogy about payment channels being similar to "trustless IOUs" with a more accurate description.
Update 3: The median Litecoin fee originally cited in this article was $0.04 when it should have been $0.39. This has been corrected.
Update 4: The original version of this article included "Bcash" in parentheses after "Bitcoin Cash". This has been removed as Bcash is not part of the official Bitcoin Cash name.
I was 12 years old when the Cold War ended and the Berlin Wall came down. Growing up in a divided country myself I was always interested in the situation on the Korean peninsula – and in spring of 2013 I finally had the opportunity to visit the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, better known as North Korea. From April 27th to May 4th I spent 8 days / 7 nights in the world's most secluded country, an extraordinary experience that will stay forever in my heart.
Here's a list of articles I wrote after my return:
North Korea – A Travel Report
North Korea – Getting Started / Beijing
North Korea – Air Koryo (From Beijing to Pyongyang)
North Korea – Pyongyang, Arch of Triumph
North Korea – Pyongyang, Yanggakdo Hotel
North Korea – Pyongyang, Kumsusan Memorial Palace of the Sun (Mausoleum)
North Korea – Pyongyang, Revolutionary Martyrs‘ Cemetery
North Korea – Pyongyang, Juche Tower
North Korea – Pyongyang, Workers Party Foundation Monument
North Korea – Pyongyang, Golden Lane Bowling Alley
North Korea – Pyongyang, Pyongyang Feature Film Studios
North Korea – Pyongyang, Mansudae Art Studio
North Korea – Pyongyang, Pyongyang Metro
North Korea – Pyongyang, Mangyongdae Children's Palace
North Korea – Pyongyang, Taesongsan Combined Fruit Farm
North Korea – Pyongyang, Grand People's Study House
North Korea – Pyongyang, June 9th Middle School
North Korea – Food (For Tourists)
North Korea – Pyongyang Fun Run
North Korea – Pyongyang, Taesongsan Park & Fun Fair
North Korea – Nampo, Dragon River Hot Spa Hotel
North Korea – West Sea Barrage
North Korea – Pyongyang, Chongsan-ri Cooperative Farm
North Korea – The Way To Kaesong
North Korea – Kaesong, Minsok Folk Hotel
North Korea – Korean Dog Meat Soup
North Korea – Kaesong Koryo Museum
North Korea – Panmunjom / JSA
North Korea – Concrete Wall
North Korea – Pyongyang, Kaeson Fun Fair
North Korea – Pyongyang, Other Locations
North Korea – Train To China (Pyongyang – Sinuiju – Dandong – Beijing)
North Korea – Dandong Option
North Korea – Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)
From October 14th to October 21st I returned for another 8 days / 7 nights to North Korea – this time the rather remote areas North Hamgyong and Rason, which are visited by only a couple of hundred western tourists per year:
Back To North Korea – Or: Hunger Games, The Musical
North Korea Revisited: Northeastern Adventure (Prologue)
North Korea Revisited: Day 1 – Yanji, Tumen, Onsong, Hoeryong
North Korea Revisited: Day 2 – Hoeryong, Chongjin
North Korea Revisited: Day 3 – Chonjin, Pochon
North Korea Revisited: Day 4 – Pochon, Mt. Chilbo, Kyongsong
North Korea Revisited: Day 5 – Kyongsong, Chongjin, Rason
North Korea Revisited: Day 6 – Rason
North Korea Revisited: Day 7 – Rason
North Korea Revisited: Day 8 – Rason, 3 Border Viewing Point, Wonjong, Yanji
North Korea Revisited: Epilog
*Click here to go to a GoogleMap* showing (almost) all of the above locations – and more!
If you are not that familiar with Korea, here is a mini glossary with important terms:
Air Koryo: state-owned North Korean airline, partially blacklisted in Europe
Dandong: Chinese city on the border to North Korea, *last stop of my trip*
DPRK: Democratic People's Republic of Korea, official name of North Korea
DMZ: Demilitarized Zone, in this case between North Korea and South Korea
Joint Security Area (JSA): the tourist section of the DMZ…
Kaesong: North Korean city close to the DMZ, known for its industrial park
Kim Il-sung: 1912-1994, North Korean Prime Minister, President, Supreme Leader and posthumous Eternal President
Kim Jong-il: 1941-2011, North Korean General Secretary, Supreme Leader and posthumous Eternal General Secretary, first son of Kim Il-sung
Kim Jong-un: born 1983 or 1984, North Korean First Secretary and Supreme Leader, third son of Kim Jong-il
KITC: Korea International Travel Company, a state-run travel agency organizing the tours within North Korea
Koryo: also Goryeo, Korean Kingdom from 918 to 1392 and origin of the modern term “Korea”
Koryo Tours: the travel agency I travelled with to the DPRK
Nampo: North Korean city at the mouth of Taedong River, important port and industry
North Korea: common name of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea
Panmunjom: metonym for the Joint Security Area on the city's premises
Pyongyang: capital of North Korea
Seoul: capital of South Korea
South Korea: common name of the Republic of Korea
Sweetmeat Soup: Korean delicacy, a soup with dog meat (not bulls testicles…)
Taedong River: 439km long river that flows through Pyongyang and reaches the Yellow Sea in Nampo, the tourist hotel Yanggakdo in Pyongyang is on an island in the Taedong River
Yanggakdo Hotel: largest working hotel and second tallest building in North Korea, named after its location Yanggak Island
(If you don't want to miss the latest article you can *like Abandoned Kansai on Facebook* and *follow this blog on Twitter* – and of course there is the *video channel on Youtube*…)
Let's preserve our forests! Let's Achieve The Best Quality Of Products And Buildings!
Uber has always touted its organic user growth but the fact of the matter is that like any other company, it also relies on ads.
From January 2015 to sometime in 2017, Uber contracted with mobile advertising agency Fetch to deliver some of those ads. Fetch bought ads for Uber directly in the US, Mexico, France, the Philippines, Romania, and Singapore, and indirectly in assorted other countries. Uber paid Fetch for “legitimate clicks” that resulted in Uber app downloads, user signups, and first trips being taken. From 2016 through Q1 2017, Uber says it paid Fetch $82.5 million.
All was well until early this year, when Uber says it noticed its ads appearing on Breitbart, a far-right news site that was supposed to be blacklisted from its ad campaign. Uber says an investigation found that Fetch reported the clicks that came from ads placed on Breitbart as though they'd come from other places: “Magic_Puzzles,” “Battleship_War_30,” “Snooker_Champion.” Then, in March, Uber suspended its entire Fetch campaign, but claims it saw no drop in overall app installations. The company says the number of installations attributable to paid mobile ads fell, but the number of organic installations rose by almost the same amount.
Uber is now suing Fetch for about $40 million for fraud, alleging it was actively misled as Fetch “squandered tens of millions of dollars to purchase nonexistent, nonviewable, and/or fraudulent advertising.” This is a relatively novel position for Uber, which is a named defendant in about 250 federal cases but rarely on the offensive. (One of those cases, a lawsuit brought by self-driving carmaker Waymo, could head to trial next month.)
“With Fetch, we learned the age-old ‘buyer beware' the hard way,” Uber said in a statement on Sept. 18. “Fetch was running a wild west of online advertising fraud, allowing Uber ads on websites we wanted nothing to do with, and fraudulently claiming credit for app downloads that happened without a customer ever clicking on an ad.”
Fetch said in its own statement: ”We are shocked by Uber's allegations which are unsubstantiated, completely without merit, and purposefully inflammatory so as to draw attention away from Uber's unprofessional behaviour and failure to pay suppliers.”
On the one hand, if the allegations are true, it's understandable that Uber wants its money back. On the other, the subtext of this lawsuit is weirdly great for Uber. The company claims it thought it was paying money for ads to drive growth and then it found out that it was paying money for ads that weren't driving much growth at all and were just claiming to drive growth that was happening organically all along. Amazing! What better way to justify your organic growth story to investors?
The entire complaint is basically an ad for how terrific Uber's organic user growth is. Really, you could argue that Fetch did a stupendous job. You couldn't buy advertising that good if you tried. Only if you didn't.
My recent article called "Why I Am Against Bipolar Meds" turned out to be less controversial than I expected. Some people refused to read past the title and that is unfortunate because the vast majority of those who commented said that it was a very fair assessment of both sides of the debate. There were several misconceptions, though, that need to be cleared up.
I mentioned the three stages of Bipolar Dis-Order and the three stages of Bipolar IN Order assuming most of the readers are familiar with the terms and my work. Unfortunately, that was not the case for many readers. In trying to keep the article to under 1000 words, I did not go into detail regarding the stages and what I mean by Bipolar IN Order.
This caused confusion for several psychiatrists who assumed that Self-Mastery means remission. At the other end of the scale were several people with Bipolar Dis-Order who declared that they were in Self-Mastery when their statements seemed to contradict their self-assessment. It seems greater detail of the Bipolar IN Order concept is warranted.
The primary objective for someone with Bipolar Dis-Order is to lower the intensity of mania and and move away from Crisis toward Recovery. Bipolar IN Order is about becoming more functional in an expanding range of intensity and moving from Recovery toward Self-Mastery.
There are three stages of Bipolar Dis-Order. Crisis Stage is when you have lost control to the extent that you are a danger to yourself and others. Managed Stage is when you have learned to use tools to keep the intensity of mania and depression below that which causes crisis. Recovery Stage, as defined by the National Institute of Mental (NIMH), means you have limited the intensity of mania and depression so much that you are completely or nearly symptom free. By their definition, Remission and Recovery mean the same thing with the central premise that everyone in Recovery Stage (and Managed Stage) is in constant danger of slipping back into Crisis (relapse). People in Recovery are still considered to have Bipolar Dis-Order.
The three stages of Bipolar IN Order are completely different. Moving beyond Recovery, Freedom Stage begins with to take very small supervised steps into 10% - 20% intensity for both mania and depression (typically far below what most are initially able to perceive), then step immediately back into Recovery using our own skills. Stability Stage is when we are highly functional during intensities that once created Crisis. Self-Mastery Stage is when we are highly functional during depressions and manias approaching 100% intensity, which is considered impossible by those who only know Bipolar Dis-Order.
The NIMH has determined Recovery to be an unstable state in their landmark STEP-BD study: "According to the researchers, these results indicate that in spite of modern, evidence-based treatment, remains a highly recurrent, predominantly depressive illness."
Recovery is a tremendous achievement that anyone should be proud to have accomplished, but it should not be taught as the end goal when those in Recovery so often end up in another Crisis. I am fundamentally opposed to Recovery being the end goal because from the perspective of Self-Mastery it is acceptance of a diminished life far below what is possible.
There is no danger of relapse in Self-Mastery because there is no level of intensity that can cause a crisis for us; we live in a wide range of intensities of both mania and depression and are highly functional and comfortable in all of them. We do not suffer in the states like those in Dis-Order do.
Many people claim to have Bipolar IN Order when they first hear the term, but they are usually mistaken. Graduating to IN Order requires the students to clearly distinguish between each level of intensity from 10 percent to 90 percent in increments of ten. They must be able to show a high level of awareness and enhanced level of functionality at at each intensity, behave in ways that make those around them comfortable with their state, find value in both past and current episodes, and show deep of the physical, mental, emotional, , social and /financial aspects of it. They also must be able to accurately estimate how long they can stay at each level before it escalates and demonstrate effectiveness with tools to moderate the level of intensity before reaching levels beyond their abilities.
Ours is not a quick-fix program. There is a tremendous amount to learn to truly have Bipolar IN Order. While it is relatively easy to teach people how to enter Freedom Stage, it is much more difficult to reach true Stability. Only the most advanced students make it to Self-Mastery, which is very much the same with basketball or any other sport. Performing at the top level of any endeavor takes tremendous skills and hard work. It almost always means learning from someone who has already accomplished it, which is where we come in.
It is our mission to help people change their thinking and behaviors so they can lead extraordinary lives. We have already proven that much better outcomes are possible and have created a clear path to achieve them. Recovery is part of that path, but Self-Mastery should always be held as the ultimate goal.
A short article cannot begin to share the depth and complexity of Bipolar IN Order, nor explain the assessments, tools, and stage specific plans that will help you to achieve it. If you would like to look much deeper into the topic there is a Bipolar IN Order course available at the Bipolar Advantage website.
Barry Allen and Oliver Queen will have something new talk about on this coming season of the Flash: "spunky" and "funny" girls.
It was revealed earlier today that Barry Allen will receive a brand-new love interest for his sophomore season, one that should strike a familiar chord with Arrow and Flash girls.
The woman in question is Wendy, a new character that the CW described as a “spunky, fun, and funny” romantic interest. As a smart and scientific addition to Central City's police force, Wendy should be seen as The Flash's very-own Felicity Smoak—the scientific and snarky love interest to Oliver Queen on Arrow--according to the CW. Of course, Wendy will throw a monkey wrench into the ever-evolving romance between Barry and Iris. It seemed that the destined lovers might have finally made it official after Eddie sacrificed himself at the end of Season One, but this announcement suggests otherwise.
What do you think, readers? Is DC's television universe big enough for two Felicity Smoaks? The Flash returns for its second season this fall on The CW.
GM Engineers Say All Cars Should Have Gas Mileage Displays
Last week I spent some time with GM discussing their new HCCI technology. After taking their test vehicle, a Saturn Aura, for a test spin, I was very impressed with the heads-up display (HUD) that kept track of whether the car was in HCCI or SI mode. Upon returning to the conference room, my first question for the GM techs was whether or not something indicating HCCI mode or gas mileage would show up on the production models of cars equipped with this technology.
I don't know quite what I expected for an answer, but it certainly wasn't the one I got. Paul Najt seemed to like the question, and came to the same conclusion that I've long had, which is that fuel economy can become like a game. Cars (like many hybrids) with fuel economy displays were mentioned, and some in the room even commented that they believed the knowledge would automatically make people try to get better fuel economy.
More after the break!
I agreed heartily, but I didn't expect the final answer: “It's ultimately a marketing decision.” While this makes sense, don't you think that some control should be left in the hands of the engineers? I mean, GM is asking their people to design a fuel efficient engine to get people through this gas crunch and into the future while still being economically viable, but it's not the engineers that get to decide if a $10 piece of electronics will be part of that effort?
While I was there I was also told by an engineer who'd recently moved to the US from Germany that in the US people sometimes drive cars that are plain “unnecessary.” Coming from Germany, he and his family were used to a market for much smaller cars, one that GM and its Opel brand is a part of. However, it seems that globally General Motors is in the business of selling what people want, and not necessarily what people need. This mentality is certainly understandable from a business perspective, but I implore GM to consider that if marketing research shows that people don't want fuel economy displays, it's because they don't know how much the feedback could improve their gas mileage.
Seeing that this is one of the things that makes the Prius so popular, and something that other manufacturers are phasing in, I hope GM pushes on with it. Do you think they will, or are ye of little faith (as I sometimes, admittedly, am)?
—
Discuss fuel economy instrumentation in the EcoModder forum.
If you liked this post, sign up for out RSS Feed for automatic updates.
Popularity: 3% [?]
“Believing he was the agent of God's will, and acting with divine guidance, George W. Bush would lead the nation into two disastrous wars of aggression,” Mr. Smith writes. “Bush's personalization of the war on terror combined with his macho assertiveness as the nation's commander in chief,” he adds later, “were a recipe for disaster.”
Image Credit Patricia Wall/The New York Times
The value of Mr. Smith's account is not original reporting but a thorough assimilation of the existing record. Mr. Bush declined to speak with him, as he has with other authors since leaving office. Mr. Smith spoke with both Dick Cheney and Donald H. Rumsfeld, but for the most part relies on the existing body of literature, for a complete history of Mr. Bush's life.
One notable exception does not actually involve Mr. Bush. In a footnote, Mr. Smith reveals that David H. Petraeus invited him to dinner at the Cosmos Club in Washington after his extramarital affair with Paula Broadwell forced his resignation as C.I.A. director. Mr. Petraeus evidently was mulling a comeback. “How did Ike handle the Kay Summersby affair?” he asked.
“Much of the rest of the meal was devoted to my explaining how Eisenhower had put the affair behind him and successfully run for president in 1952,” Mr. Smith reports. He adds that he asked Mr. Petraeus whether the Obama administration had taken advantage of his affair to rid itself of him. “He smiled, but did not reply,” Mr. Smith writes.
Mr. Smith is more approving of his main subject in moments where Mr. Bush follows his original campaign doctrine of compassionate conservatism. The former president gets high marks for his No Child Left Behind program — intended to improve education, especially for minority students — as well as for expanding Medicare to cover prescription drugs and for leading an ambitious fight against AIDS in Africa. Mr. Smith credits Mr. Bush for saving the economy through his bold and counterintuitive intervention after the financial crash of 2008.
He presents a president who, for all his flaws, was usually gracious and warmhearted, who disdained the sort of divisive bashing that Mr. Trump favors and who went out of his way to make Barack Obama's transition successful. He rejects the caricature of a president who simply did what his vice president told him to.
Mr. Smith's fundamental critique is his belief that Mr. Bush overreacted to the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. “The events of 9/11 were tragic, but scarcely catastrophic,” he writes. That led Mr. Bush, in his view, to advance policies that were not justified by the actual danger.
The Patriot Act, he writes, “may be the most ill-conceived piece of domestic legislation since the Alien and Sedition Acts of 1798.” In labeling Iran, Iraq and North Korea an “axis of evil,” Mr. Bush “had spoken without weighing the consequences.” Mr. Bush's refusal to face up to the fact that Iraq had no unconventional weapons “suggests a willfulness that borders on psychosis.” His second-term Inaugural Address making democracy promotion his major goal “must rank as one of the most ill-considered of all time.”
If you've ever swallowed your pride and bit the bullet on hotel WiFi, you've probably felt the sluggish pull of other users dragging down your connection speed. Coffee shops, airports and other heavily impacted public hotspots can slow to a crawl as they try to mete out data to dozens of users sharing a single channel. All hope is not lost, however -- a team at NC State University are about to release a paper detailing a technology that could bolster WiFi data throughput performance by up to 700 percent. The team is calling their technology WiFox, and it's already made their local test network four times faster, on average. WiFox keeps track of the amount of traffic gumming up a WiFi channel and actively assigns priority access to avoid a traffic jam of data requests. Fixing sluggish hotspots should be a snap, too -- Student and lead author Arpit Gupta says WiFox could be "packaged as a software update that can be incorporated into existing WiFi networks." The full paper will be presented at ACM CoNext next month in Nice, France. Can't wait? Feel free to click on the source and ogle the paper's abstract.
[Image credit: Charleston's TheDigitel, Flickr]
Whenever top prospect Alex Tuch gets frustrated with his current situation with the Minnesota Wild, he needs look no further than teammate Jason Zucker for motivation.
Since making his NHL debut two weeks ago, Tuch has grown too familiar with Interstate-35 and the 250 miles of road between St. Paul and Des Moines, Iowa. He was sent down to the minors five days after his first call-up to the big leagues only to be summoned back to Minnesota three days later.
“I had no idea how long or how short or even if it was going to happen again,” said Tuch, a 20-year-old winger who this time last year was playing for Boston College. “I went down there with a little chip on my shoulder. There is always that hunger to get back up here. I was a little bit surprised with how fast it happened. I'm not too worried about it now. I'm just worried about playing.”
Three years ago Zucker, a 25-year-old winger, was going through exactly what Tuch is going through right now. In fact, Zucker basically owned that same stretch of highway, making the trek back and forth 15 times before finally sticking at the NHL level. He split his time between Iowa and Minnesota during the 2013-14 season, playing 21 games in the NHL and 22 in the American Hockey League.
Related Articles John Shipley: Wild fans no longer in the State of Crazy Town
Wild trade Mikael Granlund to Nashville for Kevin Fiala, send Matt Hendricks to Winnipeg
Wild star Matt Dumba meets the 12-year-old girl he's helping send to France
Wild hope win over Blues was enough to convince GM Paul Fenton not to sell
Charley Walters: Twins' latest signing shows they're serious about winning AL Central “I've gotten sent down with the best of them as far as how many times it happened,” Zucker said with a laugh. “It's happened a lot to me.”
Zucker said it's most important that Tuch doesn't look at it as a demotion.
“It's tough because that's definitely the way guys are going to take it at first,” Zucker said. “I hated it at the time. I also knew I had to go down there and play my game and make the most of it the next time I came back up. It's a process. It's gotten me to where I'm at right now.”
Zucker is flourishing because of it. He is currently sixth on the Wild with 38 points (16 goals, 22 assists).
Tuch has noticed. And after using words like “depressing” and “disappointing” in the past to describe his feelings about getting sent to the minors, he has changed his tune recently — with Zucker playing a major role in that shift.
“He was up and down like 15 times before he finally stuck,” Tuch said. “That's pretty crazy. He had a couple times where he played five games in five nights (between the two teams) and a bunch of times when he played four games in four nights. I was, like, ‘Wow. I was pretty gassed after my four games in five nights last week.' It's good. It's a good learning experience. I couldn't be happier to be up again.”
Tuch will play his sixth NHL game of his career on Saturday when the Wild play host to the Nashville Predators. He is still without a goal or assist, and coach Bruce Boudreau has told him he needs to increase his pace to see sustained success in the NHL.
Tuch is a hulking 6-foot-4, 220-pound presence still learning how to make the most of his size. He tends to stop on pucks from time to time, and struggles with his body positioning, especially along the walls. That, coupled with the fact that he hasn't always played at full speed, fearful of making a mistake, has made for a bumpy transition to the highest level.
He had to fix the same things to succeed in the minors, according to Iowa Wild coach Derek Lalonde.
“We dealt with that down here,” Lalonde said. “His pace was impeded at the start a little bit because he had to grow in his basic habits. He'll figure it out. He looks a little hesitant right now. He looks a little paralyzed. That's part of the growth. I give him credit because he's trying his best to avoid those mistakes that cost his team the game. … It's part of the process; it comes with time. I don't think there's a single player in that (locker) room that hasn't gone through that.”
Zucker certainly went through it, finding ways to effectively use his speed rather — he is 5 foot 10, 175 pounds — than his size. It took him more than a few times going back and forth to figure it out.
“It's not easy to come up and stick in the NHL,” Zucker said. “It doesn't happen very often. It's about sticking with the process.”
Could that mean Tuch needs a little more seasoning in the minors to figure it out completely? Maybe.
Tuch knows that ultimately it isn't up to him. He just has to continue to play his game.
“We always preach for guys to control what they can control,” Lalonde said. “I think the organization has handled him very well with letting him develop down here and then giving him a shot up there. There's more growth to come. Sometimes that's tough for a kid to understand because they want that success so quickly. He has handled it well, I think. … I have no doubt in my mind that he's going to turn into an impact player. I don't mean to put him on the spot like that; I'm just confident its a matter of when.”
In the meantime, Zucker has no problem being a sounding board whenever Tuch needs it.
“He's still developing,” Zucker said. “I told him every time he's up here he has to make the most of it. I also told him every time he's down there he has to make the most of it as well. He has to keep building his game.”
Tuch has taken that to heart, even if that means a few more trips on I-35.
“I'm starting to understand that it's a business and that's the way it goes,” Tuch said. “I have to learn from it and build from it. You can't be too distraught about it. I'm only 20 years old, so hopefully I have a long career ahead of me.”
It's never easy to let go of furry friends when they cross to the afterlife. After all, our trusted companions have been with us for years, lending us bear hugs and showering us with kisses through the good and bad of moments. Tough as it may seem, there is a silver lining: an emergence of pet services to ensure our felines and canines are given only the best send-off to honor their stay on earthly ground.
Immortalize your pet's memory
When you know that your pet is nearing its final days, head on over to Cast & Frame, which offers casting services for animals. Pet casting is a procedure that entails pouring of a liquid into a hollow mold of your pet's paws, which results in a solidified shape called casts. The shop then coats these in either gold or silver, and encloses the keepsakes, together with a photo of your pet, in a frame to display in your home.
Go the extra mile to preserve your pet's form
Taxidermy is the process of stuffing and mounting your pet's fur to keep its lifelike form. Sure, it's not for everybody, but should you consider this route, you can have your pets undergo the process with the help of RJ's Taxidermy or Taxidermist Philippines.
Contact Taxidermist Philippines at 21 Mercury Street, Pasong Tamo, Makati City; Tandang Sora Avenue, Quezon City; 0916-431-6339.
Lay to rest your pet's remains
When the time has finally come for you to bury your beloved pet, rest easy knowing that there are a number of options available for your pet creation and burial needs.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
Neighborhood pet hospitals such as Vets in Practice Animal Hospital and Mandaluyong Animal Care Dog and Cat Hospital offer cremation services. You may coordinate with them to arrange for the pick-up of your diseased pet, and they'll have it ready for burial in no time.
To ensure your pets find a peaceful resting place, organizations such as the St. Francis Animal Clinic and Grooming Center and the renowned Philippine Animal Welfare Society (PAWS) offer mass burial options at their respective empty lots. St. Francis does not allow visitations of deceased pets; however, they throw in memorabilia such as a photo box, paw prints, and hair samples.
PAWS, meanwhile, is a bit more stringent with its space. At present, their burial grounds are available only to pets who did not die of contagious diseases and whose owners who do not have sufficient yard space to bury remains.
Should you opt for the full service—from pick-up to cremation to burial—there are dedicated places to check out including Pet Valley Park and Crematory, a Cavite-based 5,000-square-meter memorial. They also offer personalized pet memorabilia: paw prints and fur samples.
Rainbow Bridge Pet Aftercare Services, meanwhile, has become a popular choice. It offers packages inclusive of pick-up and drop of services, a guided cremation, a bespoke marble urn, and miscellaneous mementos such as an acrylic photo paperweight and memorial card. They also offer the option to purchase designer urns, which were crafted and hand-turned by designers from the Philippines or the United States. Then, they offer a little something for the pet owner: keepsake pendants that can house the pet's ashes or fur.
ADVERTISEMENT - CONTINUE READING BELOW
The Zoomanity Group's Noah's Ark Pet Columbaria is another partner for pet cremation and burial needs. The Cavite-based columbaria is the first in the country to be dedicated to pets. It carries 4,000 vaults for the ashes of your special friend. And, for every vault purchased, a portion of the proceeds will be directed towards animal care centers such as PAWS and Cara Welfare Philippines.
DIRECTORY OF SERVICES
Pet Casting
Cast & Frame
Click here for a list of branches.
Taxidermy Services
RJ's Taxidermy
0927-741-0950
Taxidermist Philippines
21 Mercury Street, Tandang Sora Avenue, Quezon City, Philippines
0916-431-6339
www.facebook.com/TaxidermistPhilippines
Pet Cremation
Vets in Practice Animal Hospital
(02) 531-1581 to 83
www.vetsinpracticeph.com
Click here for a list of branches.
Mandaluyong Animal Care Dog and Cat Hospital
155 Boni Avenue, Brgy. Plainview, Mandaluyong City
0917-331-6223
www.facebook.com/mandaluyonganimalcare
Pet Burial (Mass Graves)
St. Francis Animal Clinic and Grooming Center
402-C3 Tandang Sora Ave., Culiat, Quezon City
36-B Visayas Avenue, Brgy. Pasong Tamo, Quezon City
(02) 925-3731
https://www.facebook.com/St-Francis-Animal-Clinic-205647046119898
The Philippine Animal Welfare Society (PAWS)
Aurora Boulevard, Katipunan Valley, Loyola Heights, Quezon City
(02) 475-1688
[email protected]
www.paws.org.ph
Pet Cremation and Burial
Pet Valley Park and Crematory
Pooc 2, Silang, Cavite
0917-545-5945
www.facebook.com/petcremationphillippines
Rainbow Bridge Pet Aftercare Services
Main Avenue, Cubao, Quezon City
0915-607-6080
[email protected]; [email protected]
www.facebook.com/rainbowbridge.ph
Noah's Ark Pet Columbaria
Paradizoo Theme Farm, 63 Panungyan Mendez, Cavite, Tagaytay City
(02) 664-4897; (046) 413-1244; 0929-260-4190
[email protected]; [email protected]
www.facebook.com/pg/NoahsArkPetHaven
This year marks the 150th anniversary of Charles Darwin's The Origin of Species. Darwin argued that dramatic evolutionary changes occur through a natural process. He proved that evolution is unmanaged.
These views were an enormous challenge to Victorian religious orthodoxy and remain a provocation to many today. The number who cling to creationism is substantial – and they crop up in surprising places. One such place is the UK broadcasting sector, where there appears consensus that the operation of the market is inadequate, and that a better outcome can be achieved by governments and regulators.
While creationism may provide an illusion of certainty, it has harmful effects. Creationism penalises the poorest with regressive taxes – such as the licence fee. It promotes inefficient infrastructure such as digital terrestrial television. It creates unaccountable institutions - the BBC Trust, Channel 4 and Ofcom. And it threatens significant damage to the provision of independent news, to investment in professional journalism, and to the growth of the creative industries.
We are on the wrong path. We should instead trust consumers, embrace private enterprise and profit, and reduce the activities of the state in our sector.
Yet the authorities currently pursue intervention with relish. In the past five years Ofcom has launched nearly 450 consultations – almost two every week. It has produced three public service broadcasting annual reports, and two PSB reviews in five phases. These alone have amounted to over 5,000 pages and spawned 18,000 pages of responses.
Ofcom's repeated assertion of its bias against intervention is becoming impossible to believe. If the diverse broadcasting ecology it calls for is to be achieved, intervention in the media should only be contemplated if serious harm to consumer interests is evident.
Investment is another victim of creationism in broadcasting. Heavy regulation and a large public sector crowds out the opportunity for profit, hinders job creation, and dampens innovation. And we don't even have the basics in place to protect creative work. Whether it's shoplifting a DVD or pirating it online, theft is theft. But government dithers.
Tolstoy said that all happy families resemble one another, while each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way. True, nowhere is completely happy, but there are things to welcome – Germany's regulatory professionalism, India's growth opportunities, France's robust defence of intellectual property. The problem with the UK is that it is unhappy in every way: it is the Addams family of world media.
So what is the alternative? To trust people. To encourage free choice.
Soon more than half of all UK homes will enjoy some form of television that they freely choose to pay for. Pay-television has succeeded in Britain by providing programmes in genres which public service broadcasting served inadequately: to begin with, largely 24-hour news, a broad choice of sport, the latest films.
And so now with arts and drama. Sky offers four dedicated arts channels. Original commissioning by channels that customers choose to pay for is expanding, not just from Sky, but also National Geographic, History and the Disney Channel, to name a few. Sky alone now invests over £1bn a year in UK content.
The sector has delivered so many innovations: from multi-channel television itself, to the launch of digital, personal video recorders, high definition and soon 3D TV at home. And yet the authorities continue to seek more control.
The volume and character of detailed content regulation is astonishing. A recent Ofcom broadcasting bulletin weighed in at 119 pages. Every year, roughly half a million words are devoted to telling broadcasters what they can and cannot say.
The UK and EU regulatory system also tightly controls advertising: the amount per hour, the availability of product placement, the distinction between advertising and editorial and so forth.
The latest EU-inspired rules on scheduling of advertising restrict the number of ad breaks permitted in news programming. Television news is already a tough enough business. These proposals could undermine commercial viability even further.
In addition, the system is concerned with imposing what it calls impartiality in broadcast news. The effect is not to curb bias – bias is present in all news media – but simply to disguise it.
Broadcasters are beset by content control, advertising regulation and restrictions on free speech. Yet there is a strong alternative tradition with at least four centuries behind it – first of pamphlets and books, later of magazines and newspapers.
Would we welcome a world in which the Times newspaper was told by government how much religious coverage to carry? Would we support a state newspaper with more money than the rest of the sector put together and 50% of the market? Of course not. So why is this approach appropriate for broadcasting?
There is a land grab going on – and it should be sternly resisted. The land grab is spearheaded by the BBC. The scope of its activities and ambitions is chilling. Funded by a hypothecated tax, the BBC feels empowered to offer something for everyone, even in areas well served by the market.
Rather than concentrating on areas where the market is not delivering, the BBC seeks to compete head-on for audiences with commercial providers to dampen opposition to a compulsory licence fee. The corporation is incapable of distinguishing between what is good for it, and what is good for the country.
Dumping free, state-sponsored news on the market makes it incredibly difficult for journalism to flourish on the internet. Yet it is essential for the future of independent journalism that a fair price can be charged for news to people who value it.
We seem to have decided to let independence and plurality wither – to let the BBC throttle the news market, and get bigger to compensate. For hundreds of years people have fought for the right to publish what they think. Yet today the threat to independent news provision is serious and imminent.
We have a system in which state-sponsored media – the BBC in particular – grow ever more dominant. If we are to have that state sponsorship at all, then it is fundamental to the health of the creative industries, independent production, and professional journalism that it exists on a far, far smaller scale.
Above all, we must have genuine independence in news media. Independence is characterised by the absence of the apparatus of supervision and dependency. Independence of faction, industrial or political. Independence of subsidy, gift or patronage.
Independence is sustained by true accountability to customers. People who buy the newspapers, open the application, decide to take out the TV subscription – people who choose a service they value. And people value honest, fearless, and independent news coverage that challenges the consensus.
There is an inescapable conclusion. The only reliable, durable, and perpetual guarantor of independence is profit.
In all the hubbub of last night's Sarah Palin coming-out party, the theme of the night–reform–got lost. That was probably just as well for John McCain, since he's relying so heavily on the Great Man theory of politics, which values above all virtue over messy specifics.
But it was also convenient to laud McCain's "real reform" record without actually mentioning any of McCain's real reforms, because Republicans tend to hate what few real reforms McCain has made.
Take the speech-regulating, First Amendment-busting McCain-Feingold Act, a law so deservedly reviled in the Xcel Center that the only speaker all week to even utter the phrase "campaign finance" was a Democrat, Joe Lieberman. Or the procedural "Gang of 14" compromise to speed the way Washington confirms judges, an act of reform that once served as a deal-breaker for back-in-the-tank Republicans like Hugh Hewitt.
And McCain's failed proposals have fared little better with Republicans. The McCain-Lieberman bill for a cap-and-trade system to reduce carbon emissions, which is something that would have a decent chance at becoming law with a Democratic Congress? Not so popular among the free-market base. And McCain's enthusiasm for comprehensive immigration reform nearly strangled his candidacy in the crib.
So in lieu of practical examples of McCain reforms last night, the Republicans waxed at length about economic policy issues, an area where you'd think they'd do pretty well for those of us with preferences for limited government and free-market economics.
Well, think again. In campaign-vetted speech after campaign-vetted speech, Republicans (and a sprinkling of Democrats) sketched out a vision of economics that could charitably describe as incoherent.
Carolyn Dunn, a "farm partner and community volunteer," stood up for two policies I haven't seen promoted since covering Ralph Nader: "Food security" and government-sponsored repopulation of the American midwest. "I care deeply about the food supply in this country. I do not want us to rely on unsafe shipments from overseas, where little oversight and none of the same standards apply," she said. "John McCain will work to restore rural prosperity by investing in renewable energy and high-tech connectivity, and will prioritize policies that will revitalize rural America.... Let's stop perpetuating the idea that to be successful you need to move to the big city."
Dunn wasn't the only one invoking the image of scary foreigners. Even Mitt Romney, the guy who was supposed to be the economic brains in the Republican primary field, exhibited one of the worst interpretations of the Invisible Hand I have ever seen, asserting that "China is acting like Adam Smith on steroids."
Luis Fortuno, resident commissioner of Puerto Rico, gave an energy-security speech that would have been right at home at the Democratic National Convention, if only it had contained the saw about "five million green jobs." "Under President McCain's leadership," Fortuno said, "we will become a leader in the new global green economy; by protecting our environment and addressing climate change; by promoting energy efficiency; and, finally, by cracking down on the speculative pricing of oil." Nassty Speculatorsses!
Former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina piled on, hinting at McCain's long record of meddling into the affairs of Wall Street: "John McCain believes that all institutions of power and wealth—whether they are government agencies or global corporations—must be both transparent and accountable to those they serve."
Renee Amoore, a "nurse, entrepreneur, and small business owner," posited that if you want anything to be better, whether it's the federal government's responsibility or not, McCain's your man. "If you want to fight childhood obesity through physical education and nutritional meals in schools, then you are a McCain voter," she said. "If you are sick and tired of all the DC yak-yak-yak, and realize that every day action is delayed, problems just get worse...If you want action, McCain's your man."
On this last point, Amoore is actually correct. If you think every problem should have a "fix me, president!" sign taped on it, then John McCain is indeed your man, since he is much more of an issue-by-issue problem-solver than someone who springs from a fixed philosophy about the proper role of limited government.
These were not the dominant sentiments on Reform Day. Far from it. There was plenty to cheer about as well, in rhetoric advocating lower taxes, smaller government, freer trade, and a much more active veto pen (the latter of which may be the single most attractive prospect of a McCain presidency). But as the last eight years of largely Republican governance taught us, talking about smaller government is no substitute for actually reducing its size.
The phrase "the devil is in the details" was tailor-made for the United States Senate. John McCain may have some noble reform impulses—wanting to overhaul and humanize the country's Byzantine immigration policy would be one example—but by the end of the sausage-making process the reforms bearing his name often end up limiting freedom more than unleashing it.
More worryingly is that the man who famously said "I know a lot less about economics than I do about military and foreign policy issues" (and in fact said it twice, to opposing audiences, as a way of justifying two opposing positions on tax cuts), has an active career as a regulator, and few demonstrated strong principles on economic policy aside from a heartening fondness for free trade and bracing opposition to government waste. Last night's economic incoherence was a feature, not a bug, and if McCain presides over a Democratic Congress, there is no real telling what a Man of Action will do.
Matt Welch is editor-in-chief of reason and the author of McCain: The Myth of a Maverick.
@PatriciaMazzei
Miami is a hotbed for phantom candidates, complete with four federal criminal convictions in two separate cases to prove it.
So perhaps it's no surprise that a local Republican congressman thinks Donald Trump's bid for the GOP presidential nomination could be a similar ploy.
Miami Rep. Carlos Curbelo, whose district saw two phony candidates run in a pair of elections before he took office, has taken to Spanish-language media to suggest that Trump's campaign could be a Democratic scheme to hurt the Republican Party.
Conversé con @ahoraoscarhaza por @z92miami sobre absurdos comentarios de @realDonaldTrump y ofrecí me teoría de que es un candidato fantasma — Carlos Curbelo (@carloslcurbelo) July 9, 2015
"I spoke to @ahoraoscarhaza on @z92miami about absurd comments by @realDonaldTrump and I offered my theory that he's a phantom candidate," Curbelo tweeted last week after an interview with the popular radio host Oscar Haza.
In another interview with Colombia's W Radio, Curbelo, who supports Jeb Bush for president, piled on.
"There are too many important national, local international topics to waste time talking about a person who, I repeat, in my judgment is irrelevant -- and who quite possibly is a phantom candidate recruited by the left to create this entire political circus," he said.
Bernie Sanders, a longtime NRA supporter in his gun-filled home state of Vermont, is now positioning himself against supporting guns.
After the recent Louisiana movie theater shooting that left three dead, including the gunman, Sanders directly stated that he wants to ban all firearms designed for self-defense, and that only guns for hunting should be permitted until, of course, he changes his mind again.
From The Political Insider:
Senator Bernie Sanders said on Meet the Press that he wants to make gun laws “more enforceable” and “stronger” in the wake of the recent shooting in Louisiana. Hillary Clinton's biggest threat to the Democratic nomination also said he wants to ban all firearms that aren't used for hunting purposes: “I believe that we need to make certain kinds of guns used to kill people exclusively, not for hunting should not be allowed for sale in the United States of America. We have huge loopholes at gun shows that should be eliminated.” Sanders effectively said that he would ban many rifles, shotguns, and almost all handguns. Sanders had previously described himself as a socialist but given that his home state of Vermont is fiercely respectful of Second Amendment rights, he had been labeled a “gun nut” by some on the left. The NRA actually helped get Sanders elected to Congress in 1990. Now that he is seeking the national support of Democrats, he has to amend his prior support of the Second Amendment. And he pandered to the extreme left on Meet the Press.
With that simple statement, Sanders declared the would ban nearly all handguns, the majority of the most popular rifles, and many common shotguns as well.
I'm thankful Sanders finally revealed his true views on firearms. After all, his traditionally socialist values of “the government must control everything” didn't quite match up with his support of guns.
Regardless, Sanders would be a terrible president — knowing that he's a flip-flopper only makes it worse. Plus, there's not a chance I'm about to let him take my Second Amendment rights away.
Facebook has greatly reduced the distribution of our stories in our readers' newsfeeds and is instead promoting mainstream media sources. When you share to your friends, however, you greatly help distribute our content. Please take a moment and consider sharing this article with your friends and family. Thank you.
