By Jim Smith
Earlier this year, it was announced that Arnold was accepting a position at Muscle & Fitness and FLEX magazines as their new executive editor. I started considering why Arnold would take on this new role, especially with his hectic work schedule. I didn't have to think about it long before it came to me; he was reconnecting with his passion.
Fitness and bodybuilding have given Arnold passion, direction, belief in himself, and strength of body and mind. Ultimately, Arnold had a blueprint for his life that was fueled by his early struggles and early successes.
In fact, Arnold's successes in life – bodybuilding, movies, and politics – were all driven by the power of his mind. He believed in himself when no one else did. He did another repetition in the gym, when the pain caused others to quit. He took acting and speech classes when everyone said he couldn't make it. He set goals, hit them, and kept driving forward.
Where Did the Passion Go?
Deep down, it is passion that drives all of us. Or at least, it used to drive us, when things were much simpler. As a child, our possibilities seemed endless and there was no limit to our dreams. We marveled at every new experience and we gave freely with our hearts. We had passion for all things.
We could be and do anything we wanted.
But reality smacked us in the face and kept the pressure on as we moved into adulthood and all of the responsibilities that come with it. Our belief systems changed, subtlety, and without us knowing it.
We substituted passion with ‘safe and practical.' We bought things and got jobs to pay for them. We got comfortable in the daily grind of our 9-5 jobs because it was secure. We forgot about that child and their hopes and dreams. We grew ‘comfortably numb.'
We became afraid of the unpredictable and found security in repetition. We became cynical and angry with those who seemed happy all the time and chalked it up to their naivety.
We turned inward and became selfish.
We began to only think of our needs and wants because satisfying them gave us temporary relief from our current situation. We silenced that child inside of us, too afraid – like Bukowski's Bluebird – to show weakness and expose our true selves.
But all is not lost. There is hope. There is always hope.
Real strength can come from being honest with yourself and stating the truth. The strength needed to change your life – in an instant.
We can rekindle that passion again; we just have to break the pattern.
Pattern Interrupt
The amazing thing about your life is that you can change it literally overnight just by changing how you perceive experiences and by developing a relentless mindset.
You can wake up and say, “Today I will be different.” You can decide that things are going to change and you are going to be the person you always wanted to be; no matter how many obstacles you have to overcome.
You can say:
Today, I will replace “maybe” with I can, I will.
Today, fear will not drive my actions.
Today, I will listen to others and show kindness to strangers.
Today, I will quit complaining about my job, my car, others' actions – and I will focus on myself and what I need to do to make my life better.
Today, I will set goals and work toward them relentlessly.
Situations happen to everyone every day. Our perception of these situations determines if they are good or bad, positive or negative, opportunities or obstacles.
We can reframe any experience that we initially identify as an obstacle into an opportunity and use this opportunity to keep driving forward. Maybe it wasn't the path you imagined, but you have to keep moving.
Creating a new and positive mindset can change everything.
Champion of Your Life
To illustrate this point, let me tell you a story.
I found an interview where Arnold was reminiscing about doing seminars all over California at prisons and institutions, talking about what it takes to become a champion. When he asked the attendees what they wanted to do with their life, someone would inevitably answer, “Someday, maybe I could pursue (insert goal here).”
Arnold's response?
“There is no maybe.”
Arnold continued, “You have to get up and say, ‘I want to be a champion and I will do whatever it takes.' You have to create a goal and go after it. If you don't see it and you don't believe it, who else will?”
“You have to visualize and that creates the will.”
In my experience, if you give yourself this ‘out' by thinking ‘maybe', then you'll never make it. Trust me, if you think maybe you can do something, a lot of doors open up to quit when things get hard.
Maybe is not going to cut it when the only time you can work on your passion is after your 9-5 job is done for the day and you're tired as hell. Yes, for now, if you want to change your life, you are going to have to continue to work at the job you have while you work on your passion during your free time. And when you've built up your passion and eliminated the excess in your life, then you can move to your passion full time.
I'm not telling you it's going to be easy, I'm telling you it is going to be worth it.
Rest assured, when you are absolutely sure of yourself and where you want to go, you will not let anything stand in your way.
You can become the champion of your life by living like there is no tomorrow.
The time is now.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Jim is a proud Dad, strength coach, and entrepreneur. Co-author of the best selling Athletic Development Training system and co-founder of the CPPS certification for coaches, Jim has been recognized as one of the ‘most innovative coaches' in the fitness industry. Jim is regularly featured in Men's Health, Men's Fitness, and Muscle & Fitness.
Website: http://wwww.dieselsc.com
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/dieselstrength
Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/dieselstrength
FREE Gift from Jim: The Mass Report – Build More Muscle Fast: http://www.dieselsc.com/free-stuff
Bad news from malware-land after security researchers from IBM reported today they'd discovered the first samples of version 4.0 of the infamous and highly-active Dridex banking trojan.
One of the lesser known things about computer viruses is the fact that malware is very similar to normal software, often going through the same development cycles and receiving constant updates.
While most malware operators strive to keep as much of their source code and operational details hidden, the Dridex crew has always embedded the malware's version number in its source, which, in turn, has permitted researchers to easily track its evolution.
Dridex reaches v4 two years after launch
This version number included in Dridex binaries and configuration files has allowed researchers to create a timeline of major Dridex versions. For example, based on the version numbers, Dridex v1 launched in late 2014 and only lasted up until the first days of 2015.
Dridex v2 was as short-lived as v1, and only survived until April 2015, when it was replaced by Dridex v3.
The v3 version was a far more stable version, which the Dridex crew updated incrementally in small chunks during the past two years.
According to experts, the trojan's source code received so many updates that it went from a banking trojan that relied on webinjects to using redirection attacks, two very different techniques.
Dridex v4 is new, but old
Nonetheless, despite this major updates, the rest of Dridex's operations remained the same, often relying on hVNC (Hidden VNC – Virtual Network Computing) to establish hidden connections to hosts, which they used to control infected computers via unseen virtual desktops.
According to IBM experts, for Dridex v4, the malware's creators kept most of the same technologies from recent v3 versions, relying on redirection attacks to intercept user traffic, and redirect users to a clone of the real banking portal using a locally installed proxy server. hVNC came into play later on, but only if the attackers stumbled upon victims with precious data and needed RAT-like access to infected hosts.
Experts say that what changed in Dridex v4 is how the banking trojan loads its malicious code into the host's memory.
This might seem something trivial to casual observers, but this is a big deal for security researchers since this is one of the ways vendors detect the trojan's activity.
In older Dridex versions, attackers relied on various Windows API calls to load snippets of their malicious code into the user's memory and then into the user's browser processes.
Security products knew that by watching a few Windows API calls, often used by a multitude of malware families, they could detect a wide range of malicious behavior and stop it or contain it.
Dridex switches to novel AtomBombing technique
Dridex v4 has dropped this process injection mechanism that relied on a few intensily-watched Windows API calls. According to IBM, Dridex v4 now uses a technique discovered by enSilo researchers in late October 2016.
This is new and somewhat ground-breaking code injection technique is called AtomBombing. In a very simple explanation, the technique relies on storing malicious snippets of code inside atom tables.
Atom tables are specific to the Windows OS and allow applications to store the name of a string and an associated value. Atom tables work as caches for commonly used strings and entries can be accessed by all applications, not just the ones that created the data.
enSilo researchers discovered that attackers could store malicious code in these atom tables and then invoke them without using the same ol' Windows API calls.
Dridex crew devises its custom AtomBombing attack
When enSilo published its research on AtomBombing last year, they said they were revealing this attack vector because Microsoft couldn't patch the issue as it would have implied rewriting large chunks of the entire Windows operating system, something that was impractical.
enSilo researchers wanted antivirus vendors to take note of how the attack worked and deploy detection and mitigation solutions.
According to IBM, the Dridex crew seemed to be aware of enSilo's reasons, as they only used the first half of the enSilo proof-of-concept exploit, while for the second half they wrote their own code.
The resulted technique still uses atom tables to load malicious code into an RWX (read-write-execute) portion of the victim's computer memory, but because it doesn't use the same API and function calls, it bypasses AtomBombing detection mechanisms built around enSilo's findings.
Dridex encryption, persistence mechanism gets a facelift
Besides AtomBombing, security researchers also noted other updates. Probably the second most important is an update to the configuration file's encryption.
On all infected hosts, the Dridex trojan creates a configuration file that it fills with data from its command and control server.
This file is very important to researchers because it holds both the malware version number, but also the banking portals and online websites for which Dridex will attempt to collect user credentials via phishing pages.
This file's importance is also why the Dridex gang encrypts it. According to IBM, Dridex v4 uses a new encryption scheme, still relying on RC4 ciphers as used in previous versions, but using different encryption routines.
This change in the encryption routine is not specific to major Dridex versions, as the encryption changes regularly even in minor versions to keep researchers and targeted financial institutions in the dark as much as possible.
Dridex v4 spotted attacking the UK
The good news is that this encryption didn't keep researchers in the dark for too long. According to IBM, recent Dridex v4 samples targeted only customers of UK banks, but v4 is expected to spread to other countries.
With IBM's findings available for all, security products can now implement systems to track and prevent Dridex v4 attacks.
This article was never meant to dive too deep in Dridex and AtomBombing. You can follow these links for deeply technical reports on Dridex v4 and AtomBombing.
In what some are calling a “hilliarious” typo, Hillary Clinton's name was misspelled to represent what many people think of her as: a liar. Though it has been waved off as an accident, the ballot spelled her name “Hilliary” Clinton and some are upset by the handling of this situation in Lonoke County, Arkansas.
Jerry Shepard, the Republican chairman of the Lonoke County Election Commission, has said that they were not made aware of the typo until voting began. As a Republican, there would be an incentive to put in this last comical comment about Clinton's lack of trustworthiness, but even the Democratic chairman for the county's commission has said that there was no intention to defame her name.
Many are not convinced, as the ballots are checked thoroughly and repeatedly for typos, misprints, and incorrect information before being sent out by mail and to polling places. The misspelling of a major presidential candidate's name would not easily make it through unnoticed.
Though Arkansas is largely Republican, there are still Democratic voters in the state who were upset with this alleged typo. One disgruntled voter in Lonoke County took to Facebook to express their experience with trying to report the mistake:
“I would like to believe that they did not do this on purpose because I think it was just a spelling error. However, I did contact the clerk's office and told them of this error and they told me that they are blowing it off because they don't expect people in Lonoke county to vote for Hillary Clinton. “Whoever I spoke to they were rude and they just laughed off my complaint so I decided to call the Arkansas Secretary of State's office. They took my complaint and forwarded me to the Arkansas Election Commission, where I filed an official complaint on the Lonoke County Clerk's office.”
Spelling Hillary's name wrong does not affect citizens' ability to vote for her, but it's the lack of care that has people questioning whether this was really a mistake. If something similar had been done to Donald Trump's name, his supporters would be outraged and attribute it to Clinton's rigging of the election.
The fact that people aren't more upset at this typo might be evidence of her reputation as a liar in a number of situations. If her email scandal hadn't discouraged some people from voting for her, then her history of constantly lying and changing her mind on key issues might. Though the typo was completely uncalled for and unnecessary, some might argue that it wasn't exactly incorrect.
Do you believe that this typo was a mistake? Please share, like, and comment on this article!
This article (Ballot ‘Typo' Leaves Hillary's Name With The Word “Liar” In It) is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with attribution to the author and TrueActivist.com
Last year hundreds of parents pulled their children out of class at Thorncliffe Park public school because they were uncomfortable with Ontario's new sex-education curriculum.
Protesting parents said they were concerned their kids were learning too much too soon.
One year later, Minister of Education Mitzie Hunter said she hopes that parents have had time to digest the new material and will keep their kids in class for the lessons.
“We looked at a curriculum that was 15 years out of date. It was the responsible thing to do that we had an enhanced and well researched curriculum that was meeting the needs of our students and the world they live in today. And that is what we have done,” she said.
“We have ensured that our students have a curriculum that reflects the challenges of the environment we live in,” she continued.
However, there still appears to be a deep divide on the issue.
To address parental concerns, the TDSB has made some changes to the curriculum.
In a statement, the TDSB said: “Instead of using the terms ‘penis' and ‘vagina' some Grade 1 students were taught with the term ‘private parts.' We felt this was the right balance between meeting Ministry expectations, while taking into consideration concerns from some parents at the school.”
It's a move that appears to have worked.
Last year 1,460 students were expected to show up on the first day of school at Thorncliffe Park public school, yet just over 780 were actually in attendance.
The TDSB said this year registration numbers at Thorncliffe are up and they are hoping that making the small changes to the language of the curriculum will help keep kids in the classroom.
Related stories:
Controversial sex-ed letter distributed by Brown's chief of staff, says byelection candidate
Gen. Stanley McChrystal's latest insubordination was an act of sheer petulance. We already know via unnamed reliable sources that McChrystal has threatened to resign if he doesn't get the next wave of escalation in Afghanistan he wants. The sanctioned leak of his report on Afghanistan to Bob Woodward of the Washington Post and McChrystal's 60 Minutes infomercial made it clear to everyone who hadn't already noticed that he and his allies in the long-war mafia were waging information warfare against President Barack Obama, a campaign that has led to a call from the right-wing fringe for a military coup to solve "the Obama problem."
McChrystal upped the ante with an Oct. 1 address to the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London, where he said, “we must show resolve” in Afghanistan and that “uncertainty disheartens our allies and emboldens our foes.” Asked if a more limited counterterrorism effort, rather than the full-blown counterinsurgency campaign he has proposed that would involve a half million troops or more, would succeed in Afghanistan, McChrystal said, “The short answer is: no. You have to navigate from where you are, not where you wish to be. A strategy that does not leave Afghanistan in a stable position is probably a shortsighted strategy.”
That was a slap to the face of his commander in chief, President Barack Obama, who has convened a strategy conference to consider McChrystal's proposal along with alternative strategies.
You might ask if McChrystal, the four-star in command of all U.S. and NATO forces in a critical theater of war in Central Asia, didn't have better things to do on Oct. 1 than give a chalk talk to a warfare-centric think-tank in London. The horrific answer is that drumming up support for his escalation in Afghanistan is the most important thing Stan McChrystal has to do, at least from the perspective of the long-war mob.
The vaunted counterinsurgency field manual that McChrystal proposes to adhere to is a how-to guide for constructing a country from the molecular level up. That's not just nation building; it's nation birthing. It might work in a nation that's a third the size of Rhode Island. We're as likely to turn Afghanistan into a real country as we are to make a herd of cats march in a straight line. What McChrystal suggests is that we can transform a corrupt and violent patch of society in a country the size of Texas by pouring bribes and firepower into it.
McChrystal says he needs more U.S. troops to "buy time" for Afghan military and police forces to take control of the country in 2013. The Afghan military and police forces aren't likely to be able to take control of their country by 2113. Alexander the Great never really had control there.
Afghanistan has never been a threat to anyone except people who tried to conquer it. It's a sleepy hollow that has been the boneyard of many empires, including the British and the Russians. Afghanistan's connection to 9/11 is fuzzy at best. Nobody involved in those attacks, including mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, actually came from Afghanistan. McChrystal admits there is no sign of al-Qaeda in Afghanistan, and what's left of al-Qaeda in Pakistan appears to consist of eight or ten Islam-hooligans who live on the run.
To counter this nonexistent threat, McChrystal wants America to make an all-in commitment to Afghanistan. McChrystal's superiors – Gen. David Petraeus, chief of Central Command and Adm. Mike Mullen, Joint Chief of Staff chairman – have endorsed McChrystal's madness even though they can't give a good reason why they're behind it.
We need a good, long think, not just about our Afghanistan strategy but American grand strategy, the purposeful employment of all our instruments of power. The first thing we need to recognize is that our military is out of control. It drives our foreign and domestic policies and it gives us little in the way of national security. We have no military peer competitors. The defense budgets of China and Russia are about 10 percent of ours. Pismire Iran's defense budget is less than 1 percent of ours. America and its Western allies account for more than 95 percent of global arms sales. If anyone wants an arsenal that can match ours, they'll have to buy it from us.
The dirty little wars we're fighting now aren't making us safer. Every bomb and bullet we expend creates more terrorists than it eliminates. The reason we haven't had another 9/11 isn't that we're "fighting them over there." 9/11 wouldn't have happened at all except for the circle competition culture among the alphabet-soup agencies (CIA, FBI, FAA, NCA, JFCOM, etc.) that should have kept it from happening. Today, preventing a terrorist attack is good for one's career. (Counterterrorism: it's not just for losers anymore.)
Ironically, the U.S. military's ability to achieve national goals has decreased as its power increased. We were an also-ran batch of ex-colonials until World War I (a war I'll always maintain we should have stayed out of. We would have become a global hegemon much sooner if we had let Europe bleed itself white and then offered to feed it for a few decades while it grew, or imported from us, a new generation of fathers.)
World War I led to World War II, which led to the Cold War and the dirty little Third World wars like Korea and Vietnam that accompanied it. When the Berlin Wall came tumbling down, we were promised a peace dividend that never materialized (de-materialized?).
Now, a media-savvy Pentagon has dared President Obama to stand up to it. I'm hoping he does. I've said for some time that he needs to demand the resignation letters from every bird colonel and general officer and every Department of Defense official whose job title includes the word "secretary."
Those measures sound draconian, but they're the kind of things Obama has to do if he hopes to get the military back on its leash. If he can't, Allah help us all.
Read more by Jeff Huber
It's official: the Star Wars saga is going 3D.
Things will kick off with everybody's favorite chapter in the Star Wars saga, The Phantom Menace, which will be ready to hit theaters in at some point in 2012, with the other five films debuting in subsequent years. According to reports, converting each film to 3D will take approximately a year, with George Lucas overseeing the process himself.
"Getting good results on a stereo conversion is a matter of taking the time and getting it right," John Knoll, Visual Effects Supervisor for Industrial Light & Magic, told StarWars.com. "It takes a critical and artistic eye along with an incredible attention to detail to be successful. It is not something that you can rush if you want to expect good results. For Star Wars we will take our time, applying everything we know both aesthetically and technically to bring audiences a fantastic new Star Wars experience."
For original trilogy fans, this will be the second time the movies have been digitally remastered in some way, as the first three films in the series were re-released with new CGI footage back in 1997 to mark the series' 20th anniversary. The film included enhanced versions of deleted scenes such as this one with a human playing Jabba the Hutt.
It's exciting news for Star Wars fans—especially those who aren't old enough to have seen the original films in theaters—but just how good the 30-year old movies will look on a huge 3D screen remains to be seen. History is not on their side.
The question is: will you go?
Mr. Wildstein recalled, under cross-examination, how Mr. Christie asked him to offer a job at the Port Authority to a Democrat the governor wanted to remove as Passaic County sheriff, because the sheriff had a campaign fund of about $1 million that could help other Democrats. (His account also confirmed that Mr. Christie, who had served as the United States attorney for New Jersey, leaked details of a secret grand jury in that conversation, in violation of federal law. Mr. Christie has previously denied this.)
Ms. Kelly's lawyer, Michael Critchley, also displayed a series of emails in which Mr. Wildstein, from his job at the Port Authority, was producing analyses and advice for Mr. Christie's campaign, and taking credit for securing endorsements from police and firefighters unions.
In one email, he mused to Mr. Stepien about changing the law in New Jersey to allow Mr. Christie to work around federal laws that prevented him from raising money for his presidential bid on Wall Street.
“You're just worried about one guy?” Mr. Critchley asked him.
“One constituent, yes sir,” Mr. Wildstein said, a nod to the rule he used to describe how he saw his job, to please only Mr. Christie.
Mr. Critchley showed a photo of Mr. Christie and Mr. Wildstein walking with Mr. Baroni and David Samson, a Christie confidant who was chairman of the Port Authority, in which, Mr. Wildstein agreed, he and the governor look “adoringly” at each other. Mr. Wildstein acknowledged that he had talked to the governor and his advisers about moving to Iowa or New Hampshire to run Mr. Christie's campaign there.
“Those were the most important states,” Mr. Wildstein said. “Not to be funny, but as Governor Christie learned, if a campaign doesn't get through Iowa and New Hampshire, it stops.” (Mr. Christie, hobbled by the bridge scandal, dropped his presidential bid after a sixth-place showing in the New Hampshire primary.)
Even after Mr. Wildstein resigned in December 2013, as the governor tried to deflect growing questions about the lane closings on the bridge, Mr. Christie's wife contacted Mr. Wildstein, he confirmed, to ask his help to set up a private tour of the World Trade Center for her brother's family.
A man is led away in handcuffs by Secret Service officers after a car followed a motorcade through a barrier on Pennsylvania Avenue near the front of the White House on Tuesday. Mathew Evan Goldstein, 55, was arrested and charged with unlawful entry. (Evan Vucci/AP)
Mathew Goldstein's wrong turn near the White House started as a moment of confusion and ended as a national incident.
The IT specialist for the Internal Revenue Service was driving his gray Honda Civic along 17th Street NW on Tuesday afternoon when he inadvertently followed the motorcade carrying President Obama's daughters into the secure perimeter for the presidential compound.
Goldstein, 55, who is charged with a misdemeanor and was released after a brief appearance in D.C. Superior Court on Wednesday, told law enforcement officials that he had made a mistake and was not familiar with the roads around the White House.
“He was at a function downtown with colleagues and said he was just checked out mentally and confused,” said an official familiar with the incident. “It seems to be bad luck on his part.”
But Goldstein's mistaken left turn raised serious questions about how an unauthorized vehicle was able to travel within five feet of the Obama girls' motorcade and get through two rows of metal security bollards at the checkpoint at 17th Street and Pennsylvania Avenue.
Goldstein, described by a friend as brilliant but absent-minded, was so close to the motorcade that the large metal posts could not be raised in time to block the car, according to court papers filed Wednesday.
A foot-patrol officer stopped Goldstein, of Mitchellville, by stepping in front of the Honda as it neared Jackson Place NW and Pennsylvania Avenue. The officer removed Goldstein from his car. He was arrested, and the Honda was towed to a lot in Southwest for “safe keeping,” according to the documents.
When asked Wednesday how Goldstein was able to breach the outer perimeter, Secret Service spokesman Ed Donovan said the agency would “have to review and find out how that did happen.”
“This incident is being taken seriously and it should not have happened,” Donovan said.
Former Secret Service officials characterized the incident, which led to the lockdown of the White House for more than an hour, as a modest failure of security. Even though Goldstein maneuvered past the checkpoint, he did not get past the rear-most vehicle.
“Obviously, any failure is basically viewed as unacceptable with the Service,” said W. Ralph Basham, who served as director of the agency from 2003 to 2006.
“It's the human element,” he said. “You're not expecting to see something like that, and when it's that quick, being able to react in a timely fashion is challenging.”
(The Washington Post)
Dan Emmett, another former Secret Service agent, said it was “amazing this did not happen long ago.”
A presidential motorcade has a marked tail car that stops to block the entrance once the “secure package” transporting the president is inside. On Tuesday, there was apparently no tail car blocking for the Obama daughters.
“Literally anyone can follow them,” said Emmett, the author of a book about his career, “Within Arm's Length.” “I would be willing to bet they now have a tail car and will from now on.”
Donovan, the Secret Service spokesman, said the agency “does not comment on specific security arrangements for motorcades, and neither should our former personnel.”
But it is not uncommon for a presidential motorcade to be inadvertently breached when the president travels outside the District, and it happens a couple of times a year, according to the agency.
Intrusions occur when checkpoints are unmanned prematurely and cars enter the lengthy motorcade, which can have substantial gaps between the more than 20 vehicles. The overwhelming majority of breaches are considered mistakes.
But having a breach at the 17th Street checkpoint is extremely unusual, according to two law enforcement sources who spoke on the condition of anonymity.
Both Basham and another former Secret Service agent, who has experience with motorcades, said Obama's daughters would have been traveling in a “stripped down” motorcade with far fewer support vehicles than the president's entourage. In some cases, the smaller motorcades are without local police escorts so as not to draw attention, they said.
Basham said that during his tenure, confused motorists sometimes got near the motorcade but were forced out by police or intelligence vehicles. He could not recall any instance when a motorist got near the motorcade with the intent of doing harm to the president or another dignitary.
The president and first lady Michelle Obama would probably be briefed on Tuesday's incident, he said.
“I'm sure they would be curious about whether this should have happened,” Basham said.
In the courtroom Wednesday, Magistrate Judge Karen Howze released Goldstein pending a hearing May 21. The misdemeanor charge of unlawful entry carries a maximum of 180 days in jail and a fine of as much as $1,000. The judge ordered Goldstein to stay away from the White House and its grounds.
Goldstein and his attorney declined to comment.
Don Wharton, who runs the Secular Perspectives blog, said he recruited Goldstein to be a contributor about three years ago. He described Goldstein as an introverted and intelligent atheist who cares deeply about the separation of church and state and had concerns about government surveillance.
Wharton said Goldstein never expressed any ill will toward President Obama or showed signs of violence. He spends some time as an activist for the coalition and writes a personal blog called the Explicit Atheist that has touched on subjects ranging from cosmology to political races in Arizona.
Goldstein's brilliance, Wharton said, was also punctuated by an absent-mindedness.
“He is very capable of taking philosophical aspects of quantum mechanics and talking about them with clarity, Wharton said. “By most standards, that is a very competent manner of thinking. I can imagine him getting lost though.”
Get updates on your area delivered via e-mail
LSD  My Problem Child
Albert Hofmann
1. How LSD Originated
In the realm of scientific observation, luck
is granted only to those who are prepared.
Louis Pasteur
Time and again I hear or read that LSD was discovered by accident. This is only partly true. LSD came into being within a systematic research program, and the "accident" did not occur until much later: when LSD was already five years old, I happened to experience its unforeseeable effects in my own bodyor rather, in my own mind.
Looking back over my professional career to trace the influential events and decisions that eventually steered my work toward the synthesis of LSD, I realize that the most decisive step was my choice of employment upon completion of my chemistry studies. If that decision had been different, then this substance, which has become known the world over, might never have been created. In order to tell the story of the origin of LSD, then, I must also touch briefly on my career as a chemist, since the two developments are inextricably interrelated.
In the spring of 1929, on concluding my chemistry studies at the University of Zurich, I joined the Sandoz Company's pharmaceutical-chemical research laboratory in Basel, as a co-worker with Professor Arthur Stoll, founder and director of the pharmaceutical department. I chose this position because it afforded me the opportunity to work on natural products, whereas two other job offers from chemical firms in Basel had involved work in the field of synthetic chemistry.
First Chemical Explorations
Ergot
Lysergic Acid and Its Derivatives
Discovery of the Psychic Effects of LSD
Last Friday, April 16,1943, I was forced to interrupt my work in the laboratory in the middle of the afternoon and proceed home, being affected by a remarkable restlessness, combined with a slight dizziness. At home I lay down and sank into a not unpleasant intoxicated-like condition, characterized by an extremely stimulated imagination. In a dreamlike state, with eyes closed (I found the daylight to be unpleasantly glaring), I perceived an uninterrupted stream of fantastic pictures, extraordinary shapes with intense, kaleidoscopic play of colors. After some two hours this condition faded away.
Self-Experiments
4/19/43 16:20: 0.5 cc of 1/2 promil aqueous solution of diethylamide tartrate orally = 0.25 mg tartrate. Taken diluted with about 10 cc water. Tasteless.
17:00: Beginning dizziness, feeling of anxiety, visual distortions, symptoms of paralysis, desire to laugh.
Supplement of 4/21: Home by bicycle. From 18:00- ca.20:00 most severe crisis. (See special report.)
Details regarding the Hall of the Grandmasters map aren't included in this post, however we will be making an in-depth news post regarding the development of Hall of the Grandmasters map on approximately Wednesday.
There are two new microtransactions for you bow-lovers out there, including a new bow skin and an alternate art effect for the Blink Arrow and Mirror Arrow skill gems!
We've received a lot of valuable feedback regarding the current Bloodlines league. With this in mind, we've made a few adjustments. Phylacteral Link will now occur less frequently and will no longer apply to devourers. The duration of the link has been increased so that players have more time to damage the target before the link shifts to the next enemy.
Packs with the Order of the Frozen Sky mod have had a slight increase to their per-monster-killed damage. We've also increased the damage of the Pulseblood mods, however these mods will now only appear on packs with ranged or caster-type monsters.
Bond of Chaos will no longer apply to monsters that are hidden. In addition to this, we've reduced the damage of this mod, particularly in later difficulties.
We've made a few other general balance changes also. For example, flask mods that remove status ailments will now also grant immunity to these status ailments for the duration of the flask charge. The Vengeance skill will no longer work with unarmed characters.
We are pleased with the outcome of our first competitive PvP season. We're excited for PvP Season Two and we're looking to make it even better! With this and your feedback in mind we have examined the dominant builds and skills that were proving problematic for mid-tier PvP play and made some adjustments to PvP skills and the PvP Preconstructed characters.
In PvP matches, the damage of Spark and Split Arrow has been increased slightly. The damage of Tornado Shot, Molten Strike, Cyclone, Freeze Pulse, Support Trap and Cast When Damage Taken have been decreased.
We've updated items, mods and passive skills for preconstructed characters to provide more balanced matches between them. Each class has had updates as to which skills they use. We have also added three-links to the items that are available to preconstructed.
This is only a selection of the changes in patch 1.3.1. Full patch notes will be available just before deployment. Last edited by Chris on Jan 27, 2015, 1:43:28 AM
Posted by Bex_GGG
on Grinding Gear Games on
Minnesota United's contract to play home matches at TCF Bank Stadium limits when the Loons will be able to play at the University of Minnesota's on-campus football stadium.
After hosting their inaugural home opener Sunday against fellow Major League Soccer expansion franchise Atlanta United, the Loons won't be able to play at TCF Bank Stadium on weekday nights during the U's spring or fall semester or on the same weekends as Gophers home football games.
The terms of that contract, along with the wishes of MLS schedule makers, will have the Loons playing five of their first seven matches on the road through mid-April.
“Not easy,” United coach Adrian Heath said Tuesday. “We've got a very difficult start and we knew that even before last Friday (for the 5-1 season opening defeat at Portland). The most important thing is that we stick to what the game plan is and stay comfortable in what we are trying to do, what we are trying to build, and get better each week.” Related Articles Minnesota United counting on Ike Opara to be leader and defensive upgrade
Minnesota United will have company. Here's what's up with 5 tenants moving in near Allianz Field.
Minnesota United's starting lineup now ‘on equal footing' with MLS competition
Minnesota United to play Hertha Berlin in international friendly
New goalie Vito Mannone leaves Loons to address immigration paperwork in England
United also will finish the season with five of seven matches on the road. The contract has United paying the U a minimum of $1 million per year and can run through the 2018 season.
While their planned stadium in St. Paul is being constructed, United will play 17 homes games at TCF Bank Stadium this season, with a five-game homestead from July 4 to Aug. 5.
Per the contact, United will only be able to temporarily paint over the block “M” at midfield and the “MINNESOTA” markings in the football end zones, which stitched into the artificial turf, for up to five nationally televised games this season. The other games will need to have soccer markings around or through those images. Sunday's game against Atlanta will be on ESPN2 at 4 p.m.
At the end of the contract, United will have to pay up to $735,000 for a replacement turf for the U. In anticipation of leasing to United, the U in 2016 installed a turf more agreeable to soccer, which prefers to be played on grass.
BAD TIMING
United center back Vadim Demidov said Portland's first three goals in Minnesota's 5-1 loss Friday came at the worst times.
Portland's first goal in the 14th minute came as a rhythm was still being established for the expansion franchise in its first game. With United trying to reboot just after halftime, the Timbers doubled the lead to 2-0 in the 46th minute.
Then, after United's Christian Ramirez cut the Timbers' lead to 2-1 in 79th minute, Portland made it 3-1 less than three minutes later.
“Those were tough blows,” said Demidov, the team captain.
The floodgates opened with two more Timbers goals in stoppage time.
“I don't think the game showed the result of 5-1, but it felt like 5-1 in the end,” Demidov said.
Heath said reaction to the loss overshot the actual impact. “Some of the things I read over the weekend, you would think we are playing the last game of the season and we were going to get relegated (to a lower league),” Heath said. “That is not the case, and until the 82nd minute, we were doing OK.”
THIESSON AVAILABLE?
New defender Jerome Thiesson is en route from Switzerland to Minnesota and could arrive as soon as Wednesday.
Heath said Thiesson's ability to play Sunday is to be determined.
“He's fit and everything is good,” Heath said. “We'll assess his fitness later in the week.”
PERPLEXED BY HEX
United could be without three key players during CONCACAF World Cup qualifying games later this month.
The Loons are one of three MLS teams that will play during conflicting games for six North and Central American teams in a tournament known as “The Hex.”
The Loons will play at New England on March 25, while defender Francisco Calvo and forward Johan Venegas could be with the Costa Rican national team for two qualifiers, on March 24 and 28.
Meanwhile, Loons attacker Kevin Molino could be with the Trinidad and Tobago national team for games those same days.
“The Hex will be an issue when it comes around,” Heath said. “I'm more concerned with Atlanta this Sunday.”
THE SCHEDULE
Contents show]
Info Edit
Matt's Info
Age: 24
Birthday: April 17 1993
Born: In a hospital like normal people, except the hospital was for Hedgehogs .
Powers: None, a talentless hack.
Personality: Utter pill.
Story Edit
￼￼￼(I would vandalise this, but honestly, it mocks itself - Ed.)
At the age of 7 matt was separated from his parents by a storm. A few days later Matt found a piarate ship. He went 1 full year on the piarate ship. At the age of 8 he told the captain he had to search for his parents. The captain did not like the idea of matt leaving the crew. So the captain resized all Matts holes. Matt killed the captain's anus. feeling quite ashamed matt fled the ship and took one of those small boats on the side of a piarate ship. Matt landed on an island with these strange creatures. The creatures were panicknng. Matt saw a volcano was about to erupt. Matt used some ice powers to freeze the volcano. The creatures were greatful for what matt did matt said goodbye and sailed off to continue searching for his parents. He landed on another island where a hedgehog named striker found matt. He trained matt to do evil. Soon matt found out that striker was the one who separated matt from his parents. Striker can control water and weather. Matt got into a giant battle with striker. Matt was near death when a blue blur attacked striker and saved matts life. The blue blur was none other than Sonic the hedgehog. Matt thanked sonic and they became friends. A few weeks later matt fell in love with Dawn the hedgehog. So now Matt Dawn and Sonic are all searching for Matts parents. A few weeks later matt reunited with an old firend. Sam the hedgehog. So Sam joined too. A few years later when matt was 15 he finally found his parents.
20 years later... Sir Charles hedgehog invents a time machine and lets matt the hedgehog be the first to use it. Matt the hedgehog goes to 1945 occupied Poland by nazi rule. The nazi party was losing the war and Matt the hedgehog decides to help the nazis. Matt the hedgehog has always had a crush on striker and wanted to impress him. After the nazis win, Matt the hedge hog goes to young striker and makes love to him. Striker whispers to Matt the hedgehog seductivly "harder". Matt the hedghog obeys strikers request. Striker moans loudly " DaDdY!". Matt the hedgehog takes this as an invitation to go on but even harder. Striker then explodes in a bloody orgasm. THE END
Much Trouble Edit
Matt has a crush on "girls" and doesn't know who to stay with. You should help matt decide on my Talk Page
Should matt go with....
Big Donkey Dick DaveORhe Blaze the cat
OR
Dawn the hedgehog.
OR
gay hitler
OR
Old lady pornI
OR
big donkey dick da
OR
STITCH FROM LILO
Theme Edit
thumb|300px|right|Matt's theme
Revolution Deathsquad by Dragon foreskin Nintendo
Inventions Edit
Matt often helps Sir Charles Hedgehog in creating inventions. Matt has even made some by himself
Roboticizer (Helped)
^Sonic's Anti-Gravity Sneakers (Created by Himself)
Air Boards (Created Himself)
vibrating dildo ( tested by himself)
De-Roboticizer (In Progress.....)
The de niggerizer (created by himself and worked)
The quantum-mechanical dike bike
Weakness Edit
Matt's Weakness is his golden dong ring. If you get taken off his attacks grow weak.
Matt also has another weakness... mouogolistic women haters. They fucking annoy the hell out of him
Syfy has renewed “Wynonna Earp” for a third season. The announcement was made during the show's panel at San Diego Comic-Con.
“Wynonna Earp,” which debuted in 2016, depicts the title character, who is played by Melanie Scrofano, as she attempts to put down demonic types in a small town called Purgatory. Starring alongside Scrofano are Shamier Anderson, Tim Rozon, Dominique Provost-Chalkley, Katherine Barrell, Varun Saranga and Tamara Duarte.
The second season of “Wynonna Earp” is underway, and Season 3 will arrive in 2018.
“We are so excited have this strong, female-led, witty action series return for another season and deliver something special to our passionate fans around the world,” said executive producer and showrunner Emily Andras.
“Fans have been passionately embracing ‘Wynonna Earp' since its debut,” said David Ozer, president of entertainment for IDW, who made the announcement from the Comic-Con stage. “Syfy recognized that passion and when coupled with superior writing, acting, directing and production values, saw that ‘Wynonna Earp' was more than just a distinctly unique television series. We're thrilled to continue our partnership with Syfya and look forward to another fun season of incredible entertainment with the cast and crew of ‘Wynonna Earp.'”
Related 'Felicity' Reunion, 'Mayans MC,' 'Wynonna Earp' Added to ATX Television Festival Lupita Nyong'o Danced Around Comic-Con as Pink Power Ranger
As the heir of Wyatt Earp, Wynonna is the only one who can wield his mystical gun, Peacemaker, and deal with all the supernatural beings that infest the Ghost River Triangle, where Purgatory is located.
One of the biggest twists of Season 2 was Scrofano's real-life pregnancy, which was incorporated into the plot of the second season. The fact that Wynonna had also become pregnant was revealed midway through the season. Both situations were kept under wraps until a big reveal on July 7.
At that time, Andras told Variety, “I went into Syfy and basically said, ‘I need to do a ‘Fargo.' I really want to have a pregnant superhero. I want to do a Marge Gunderson. I think it speaks to everything that makes our show special.” And they fell in love with it.”
Earpers — as the fans call themselves — not only cheered that development, they continue to give the comedically-tinged drama a very active social-media footprint. The show regularly trends on Twitter, and a July 20 Comic-Con party devoted to “Wynonna Earp” was packed with devotees of all things Purgatory, who ate doughnuts and tacos with the cast. One fan showed off a tattoo devoted to “WayHaught,” a fan-favorite couple played by Provost-Chalkley (Waverly Earp) and Barrell (Officer Nicole Haught).
“We cannot thank Syfy enough for their commitment to this crazy underdog of a show, but full credit for this renewal goes to our fans. Their passion and polite but relentless ‘no chill' was and is incredible,” Andras told Variety on Saturday. “We are all friggin' stoked to make more ‘Wynonna Earp.'”
“Wynonna Earp,” which is based on an IDW comic book by Beau Smith, is filmed in Calgary by SEVEN24 Films and globally distributed by IDW Entertainment.
Don't use a lawnmower on the carpet. Don't mix Coke and chainsaws. Don't light fireworks inside the house. Don't microwave bottles of red wine. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't.
The folks at Danish TV show Dumt & Farligt got sick of being told what not to do, so they went and did it. All of it. And filmed it with a high-speed super-camera.
Advertisement
Enjoy.
This is Stupidity Captured at 2500 Frames Per Second, and it is every bit as wonderful as you could possibly hope. The movie was shot using a Vision Research Phantom Flex camera, a piece of video equipment capable of shooting scenes at an mind-boggling 2,800 frames per second, all at 1080p resolution (which, by the way, is precisely the resolution you should be watching this at, full-screened, and with headphones if at all possible). [zulu — warning, Danish ahead]
Hat tip to Mounir!
Maine politician Joanne Twomey took the concept of political discourse to a rather absurd level Thursday night by tossing a jar of Vaseline onto the stage where Governor Paul LePage was speaking, Raw Story is reporting.
The Vaseline incident happens at around 2:45 in the video posted above.
Joanne Twomey was a former Democrat state lawmaker — she hasn't held public office since 2007 — whom the Portland Press Herald rather delicately describes as “outspoken.” She was at Thursday's town hall-style meeting with the Republican governor to confront him about his budget proposals, which she believed harm low-income residents of The Pine Tree State.
“With all due respect, I was elected to speak truth to power, and I was in the state legislature for eight years. I sat on those tax committees when they wanted to tax haircuts and tax you to go to the movies. But poor people, governor, can't go to Disneyland.”
As to why she chose Vaseline to make her statement, that goes back to 2013, according to Huffington Post, when the governor made a rather crude remark about one of Twomey's Democrat colleagues, Troy Jackson.
“Sen. Jackson claims to be for the people, but he's the first one to give it to the people without providing Vaseline.”
After the Vaseline “assault,” Twomey was removed from the room and the governor abruptly ended the meeting.
Asked later about the Vaseline incident, Twomey insists it was the right thing to do, and she makes no apologies, according to Politico.
“If people thought the Vaseline was out of line, I'm sorry, but he is out of line with what he is going to do to the people of Maine.”
As of this post, Joanee Twomey has not been charged with any crimes for confronting the Maine governor with a jar of Vaseline, and it is unclear if he will pursue any legal action.
[Image courtesy of: Shutterstock/KPG_Payless]
by
Friends of freedom have been chagrined over the past decade to learn that federal terrorist watch lists incorporate criteria — such as openly praising the Constitution or the Second Amendment — that put them in the crosshairs. More than a million names are now included on the catch-all terrorist watch list maintained by U.S. government agencies. The feds' definition of terrorist threats is so broad that the Homeland Security Department warned local law-enforcement agencies to keep an eye on anyone who “expressed dislike of attitudes and decisions of the U.S. government.”
That standard makes no sense — unless the feds are seeking to maximize the number of persons they have a pretext to target. Federal agencies are relying on a technique previously pioneered for the drug war. It is not possible to understand the tactics and perils of terrorist watch lists without considering the sordid history of drug-courier profiles.
Drug-courier profiles are “an informally compiled abstract of characteristics thought typical of persons carrying illicit drugs,” according to a 1980 Supreme Court decision. Those profiles proved to be the “philosopher's stone,” allowing police to stop and search anyone they please — or anyone who displeases them. Once the police created a drug profile, they claimed “reasonable suspicion” to stop and demand information from a person and often to pressure or force him (or her) to submit to a search.
Federal agents have shown remarkable creativity in devising drug-courier profiles for airplane passengers. Some profiles assert that either the first or the last person off the plane is probably a drug dealer. In case that does not suffice, there are also drug-courier profiles that reveal that people who exit amid a throng of passengers half-way through deplaning are the bad guys. Federal agents have used profiles that assert that people who take nonstop flights are couriers —as are people who changed planes along the way. Other suspicious traits include appearing nervous while flying — or appearing unnaturally calm. In the era before pervasive cell phones, “immediately making a telephone call after deplaning” was considered a telltale sign of a drug courier.
On April 7, 1995, an airline ticket agent at Chicago's O'Hare Airport called DEA agent William Grant to alert him that Manuel Sanchez had just paid cash for a round-trip ticket to Houston. Grant and another DEA agent proceeded to the gate and asked Sanchez to leave the plane for questioning. Grant asked Sanchez whether he was carrying any money, and Sanchez replied that he had about $9,000 in cash. Grant asked how he had earned it. Sanchez said that he had worked at a jewelry store. Grant asked the name of the store, and Sanchez hesitated, then said he could not remember. Grant informed Sanchez he was confiscating the money because he believed it was related to narcotics trafficking. The money was put before a drug dog, which dutifully reacted.
Federal Judge James Moran struck down the forfeiture in a 1996 ruling that “the government must come forward with more than a ‘drug-courier profile' and a positive dog sniff in order to link the defendant's funds to illicit drug transactions.” The judge declared that “it is not reasonable for this court to infer from the mere fact that claimant was in possession of an envelope with a considerable sum of money that he was involved in activities proscribed by the Drug Act.” The judge was offended that the government apparently did nothing to justify its accusations against Sanchez, observing that “there must be some independent objective factual basis for determining the validity of the government's assertions beyond their mere recitation by a drug agent clothed with official authority.”
The feds have also pioneered catchall profiles for anyone traveling on the nation's roads, which have been eagerly adapted by state and local law-enforcement agencies. One Florida trial judge observed of the Florida police's courier profile, “When you boil the profile down to its essentials, it covers just about every rental automobile or private automobile with out-of-state license plates traveling north on the turnpike or I-95.”
Police profited by combining drug-courier profiles with asset-forfeiture laws. The Volusia County, Florida, sheriff's department set up a “forfeiture trap” run by a Selective Enforcement Team to stop motorists traveling Interstate 95 and seized an average of more than $5,000 a day from motorists between 1989 and 1992 — more than $8 million total. In three-quarters of the seizures, no criminal charges were filed.
A Pulitzer-prize-winning investigation by the Orlando Sentinel revealed that 90 percent of those seizure victims were black or Hispanic. When confronted with that statistic, the county sheriff, Bob Vogel, said, “What this data tells me is that the majority of money being transported for drug activity involves blacks and Hispanics.” People whose cash was seized by the deputies received scant due process of law; as the Sentinel noted, one deputy told two blacks from whom he had just confiscated $19,000, “You have the right to follow us back to the station and get a receipt.” Even citizens who provided proof that their money was honestly acquired (including a lottery winner's proof of his lottery receipts) were treated like drug dealers. Volusia County officials routinely offered “settlements” to drivers whose cash they seized, promising to return a percentage of the seized cash if the drivers would sign a form promising not to sue.
The ACLU and the NAACP sued Volusia County for racial bias in its drug-courier profiles. In court proceedings two members of the team swore that Sheriff Vogel specifically instructed them to stop black and Hispanic drivers to search for drugs and cash. The officers also said that they had seen copies of a courier profile that included as one of the target characteristics, “Ethnic groups associated with the drug trade.” One deputy also stated that a caricature of a drug courier was posted on a department bulletin board that showed a black man wearing a large gold medallion and cowboy boots.
Abusive searches sparked a backlash that resulted in Congress's pretending to seriously consider reining in forfeiture abuses. Rep. Ed Bryant (R-Tenn.) debunked other congressmen's comments about the number of people whose money was seized though they had no drugs on them: “The way the system works in this is when there are couriers … they either have the money or they have the drugs, but they do not have them both…. So we either find drugs on the person or money on the person, depending on which way they are going.” Thus the fact that someone is caught with lots of money but no drugs proves he is a drug courier. And Bryant happily ignored the vast number of cases where police stopped and searched people and found neither drugs nor stacks of cash.
During the 1950s citizens who invoked their constitutional rights and refused to testify about their politics were sometimes known as Fifth Amendment communists, whether or not they were communists. The modern equivalent is Fourth Amendment drug couriers. When a policeman asks a citizen to voluntarily submit to a search, the policeman is essentially asking the citizen to waive his constitutional right to privacy. Even if a citizen refuses to agree to be searched, police routinely forcibly search the person and then lie afterwards, denying that the citizen refused permission. Police also sometimes argue in court that a citizen's unwillingness to permit himself to be searched is itself sufficient evidence to suspect the citizen of breaking the law. Though such arguments should be beyond contempt, many judges —eager to give the police as much discretionary power as possible —accept them with a straight face.
Initially, such profiles were difficult to reconcile with Americans' constitutional rights. The Fourth Amendment purports to guarantee that government agents cannot forcibly search citizens without probable cause and reasonable suspicion that they have broken the law. The Fourth Amendment was a symbol of the Founding Fathers' hatred of British customs officials, who claimed the right to break into any private home or warehouse and search it for evidence of smuggled goods.
The Supreme Court decreed in 1891, “No right is held more sacred, or is more carefully guarded, by the common law, than the right of every individual to the possession and control of his own person, free from all restraint or interference of others, unless by clear and unquestionable authority of law.” Supreme Court Justice Robert Jackson wrote in 1949 that “uncontrolled search and seizure is one of the first and more effective weapons in the arsenal of every arbitrary government.” In 1967 the Supreme Court declared, “Wherever a man may be, he is entitled to know that he will remain free from unreasonable searches and seizures.” But as the Drug War expanded, courts turned a blind eye to one procedure after another that would have been struck down in earlier times that were friendlier to individual rights.
Because the courts gave the feds so much leeway to fight drugs, it is not surprising that judges have thus far tolerated one anti-terrorist absurdity after another. But as the anti-freedom precedents pile up, time is running out on putting a leash on Leviathan.
James Bovard, a policy advisor to the Future of Freedom Foundation, is the author of Public Policy Hooligan, Attention Deficit Democracy, The Bush Betrayal, Terrorism and Tyranny, and other books. On Twitter – @jimbovard
Dear Senator Durbin:
Today the New York Times reported on Mr. Comey's memo documenting how Mr. Trump attempted to stop the active investigation of Mr. Flynn. This is the most blatant evidence yet that this president and his administration are engaging in the obstruction of justice. The rule of law of the United States is now in very serious jeopardy.
Whether Mr. Trump's action was to cover up an underlying crime (related to Russia), or is merely an action that stands alone, it is an impeachable abuse of executive power that must not be allowed to pass as the new normal. The urgency of standing up to this challenge is all the greater in light of Mr. Trump's subsequent firing of Mr. Comey and explicitly linking that shocking action to the broader Russia investigations. We now have a multi-event pattern of intervening in active FBI investigations involving multiple instances of obstruction of justice on the part of this president.
If Mr. Trump is allowed to continue to act as if he is above the law, this country is in grave danger. The Republicans appear to be willing to tolerate almost anything not to jeopardize their partisan grip on government. This is an unacceptable abdication of their duty to uphold the Constitution in favor of backing a sitting president.
If the Republican-controlled legislature does not act to appoint a special prosecutor and follow through on whatever that investigation finds, then it is incumbent upon the members of the Democratic party to refuse to participate in this government at all. A complete shut down. A walkout. Anything less will be business as usual and a license to cripple the rule of law.
I realize a complete boycott of government by one of the major parties is extreme and perhaps unprecedented in US history. But this historical moment is already extreme and dangerous. There is no choice but to challenge Mr. Trump's abuse of power forcefully and immediately. No more accommodations, no more playing along, and no more waiting for the Republicans to act.
The leadership of the House and Senate should be given an ultimatum regarding a special prosecutor. Either they put a credible legal-investigative process in place and let it run its course, or face a complete unwillingness of the minority party to participate in the affairs of state. If that does not work and the Republicans remain intransigent, the leadership of your party should call for the most massive march on Washington the country has ever seen. A national sit-in and teach-in until those in power recommit themselves to the due process of law.
The situation is dire and spiraling into a potential national crisis of unprecedented proportions. The time has come for responsible representatives of the people to stand up with courage for the country and its core democratic and legal values.
Yours sincerely,
Jeffrey A. Winters
Professor of Political Science
Director of the Equality Development
Dads' Movement Can't Get Act Together
Families: When it comes to who gets to keep the kids and how much support to pay, some men feel they can't get a fair deal. But group action frequently fizzles.
Some of these men nurse their grievances privately. Others, like Bogan, have enlisted in what is loosely known as the fathers' rights movement.
Bogan plans to keep fighting, but he is not confident. Like thousands of divorced fathers nationwide, he is convinced the courts and government agencies are biased against men in matters of child custody and support.
"I'm not near as close to my boys as I was, because of the roadblocks put up by my ex," the auto body repairman said over coffee at a restaurant outside Flint. "She says to me, when she sees me in court, 'I don't know why you're doing this. You're just going to lose.' "
FLINT, Mich. — It was midmorning, but Jeff Bogan looked weary, and a little sad, recounting his struggles to ease a tough child-support order and be as much of a father as he can to three sons living with his ex-wife.
It is a crusade distinguished by lack of cohesion. There are scores of state and national organizations which sometimes bicker over tactics or ideology. Some have paid lobbyists and long membership lists, others have little more than a Web site spouting misogynistic tirades.
Activists estimate the movement's strength at anywhere from 150,000 to 500,000. High turnover in many of the groups makes a precise count impossible.
This spring, the movement welcomed the reunion of Elian Gonzalez with his divorced father from Cuba. "There is hope," said Bob Hirschfeld, a founder of the National Coalition of Fathers and Children.
Some modest gains have been made in state legislatures; Mississippi enacted a child custody law in April that bans judges from presuming a woman would be a better parent. And next month, a Father's Day protest march is planned in Washington.
But compared to the women's rights movement, the divorced dads remain a relatively ineffective lobby. They have some legitimate complaints--even their critics concede that--but sometimes their strident tone obscures the message.
The Men's Defense Organization solicits members by declaring: "The male of the species is under increasing attack. . . . We men are guests in our own homes, evictable at the whims of wives and judges."
The American Fathers Coalition's Web site lists "The 10 Worst Family Law Judges" and includes a section called "The 'Gentler' Sex. . . Or Are They?" featuring news articles about women accused of violent crimes.
"These dads are a group of folks that needs to be heard," said Kay Cullen, spokeswoman for the National Child Support Enforcement Association. "But their anger may very well deafen the ears of those who might need to hear them."
Bogan is more anxious than angry. Divorced three years ago, he is straining to pay $235 of his $800 weekly salary in child support. He has agreed to take parenting classes in order to avoid a threatened reduction in the time he's allowed to spend with his sons who are 6, 10 and 11.
"They beat you down as a person," said Bogan, 36. "They want me to be just a visitor in my boys' lives."
When Connacht announced they had signed Craig Clarke, the eyes of their supporters must have lit up. It was a statement of intent. Here was a co-captain of the Chiefs' back-to-back Super 15, a player of real stature and pedigree, and what's more he has signed up for three years. That was a statement of intent by him.
Prior to this year's Super 15 final victory over the Brumbies, the New Zealand Sky Sports commentator Grant Nesbitt said of Connacht's new recruit: “Craig Clarke really has been the heart and soul of the Chiefs in the last couple of seasons.”
So far, Connacht have not been disappointed. Captain last week for the win in Toulouse, aside from his line-out and restart expertise, he made 20 tackles – a phenomenal tally for a lock, although he is quick to point out that one of the two he missed led to a try.
Coaches and team-mates describe him as a good guy, very grounded, and pretty much what it says on the tin; a real New Zealand country type, as you'd expect from someone who hails from a farming background, a very rational type who simplifies things with clarity rather than complicating them, and is articulate if calm who as one says of him, is more “a do as I do, rather than do as I say”.
This, of course, means that when he does talk, players are inclined to listen.
So why leave? “I'd been doing the same thing for a few years. I was hitting the 30 mark. I had a real crack at making the All Blacks, and it was a huge ambition of mine, but it just felt that it wasn't quite going to work out. Maybe I might have got a cap or two if I'd stuck around but we made a decision based on: ‘Do we want to wait around and be in limbo year in and year out? Or go and commit to something, see the world, go to another country and contribute to another club. Obviously money is a factor, playing footie in Europe at a high level. Unless you're an Black in New Zealand, the money is better. That's the way it is.”
Okay, so why Connacht?
“Basically, it just panned out that way. I had a couple of offers. A French club, and there was some talk of a Japanese club, but communicating with those other places was pretty poor. It just didn't feel that they were that keen, and Connacht were really, really keen. A lot of communication, and a lot of phone calls.
“They just showed a lot of interest and that played a big part. You can go to a place where they actually want you, they don't just say ‘ah yea, you'll be good on our roster', instead they say: ‘we actually want you to come here. We see what you do and we value what you do and we think you'll be a good fit.”
Expressed view
The Chiefs' coach Dave Rennie expressed the view that Clarke should have played for the All Blacks. “I think New Zealand's missed a beat there, the fact that this guy is leaving. If he had had a chance of wearing the black jersey last year he may well have stayed. He's a big loss for us. He's a quality man, he has a massive influence on this group. He's demanding, he's made real shifts in his game. We'll miss him big time.”
Regrets, he has one, namely not making the All Blacks, but none about coming to Connacht or any other decision he's made in a career that saw him have two years with Canterbury and the Crusaders, and one year with the Hurricanes before five years with the Chiefs in tandem with Taranaki.
As forewarned prior to half an hour in his company last Tuesday in the Sportsgroud, questions are given due consideration before Clarke answers them.
“I'm happy with the decisions I have made. The regrets that I would have would be that while I was younger that I wasn't more consistent in my performances. I think that's ultimately why I didn't become an Black. If I'd done that and I performed better at a younger age – in my early and mid 20s – then things would have been different.”
Clarke was born into the game, his father Brian having played as a lock at provincial level with Wairarapa Bush, with whom he played against the 1977 British & Irish Lions. Clarke junior, the youngest brother to three sisters, took up the game at six with his home town club Masterton Red Star, before his parents, Brian and Bev, sold up the family dairy farm in Wairarapa and bought a sheep and pig farm in Gisborne.
He enjoyed growing up on a farm, “out in the wide open spaces on the hills. It was very enjoyable.” It's something he and his wife Veree, whose family also had a dairy farm in Taranaki, will return to one day.
Gisborne Boys High School is a noted rugby playing school, which also produced Rico and one of his Toulouse opponents, Hosea Gear, who was in the same year and team.
“When I was in sixth form, at 16/17, we came third in New Zealand, and it's a big deal to make the top four. In other years we were competitive. It's a smaller school, away from everything, quite rural, and a lot of Maori kids, and we were always the underdogs against the big city teams.”
Scholarship to play
So began a trend, albeit after taking up a scholarship to play with Canterbury and study at Canterbury University, completing a bachelor of science and geology degree.
He played for Canterbury in 2005 and 2006, and also playing three games for the Crusaders, making their full squad in 2006, before being dropped back to the wider group in 2007, and took up Colin Cooper's offer to play with Taranaki and the Hurricanes.
The Hurricanes made the Super 14 semi-finals and Clarke played 13 times, yet Coooper rang Clarke to explain that he could only “protect” two locks, with Clarke ranked behind Jason Eaton and Jeremy Thrush. “Meantime, the Chiefs were looking for a lock and the next thing I get a phone call saying: ‘you're going to the Chiefs',” recalls Clarke with a chuckle. “That's how it worked at the time.”
He settled quickly. “Really good rugby community. It suited me. Even though it's based in Hamilton, it's quite a rural feel to the team. It's not a big city team.”
In his first year with the Chiefs, 2009, they made their first final, albeit losing 61-17 to the Bulls in Pretoria. Two lean years followed, whereupon the arrival of Rennie and Wayne Smith, along with some new players such as Sonny Bill Williams, Aaron Cruden and Brodie Retallick, transformed the franchise.
High tempo rugby
The Chiefs were synonymous with a highly potent, high tempo brand of rugby, and an ability to strike from deep, but it was founded on defence. “We defended very, very well. I think stats wise we had the ball for the least amount of time but we scored the most tries. We made a lot of tackles.”
The two triumphs were very different. “The first time around we were a little bit in awe of what we had done. There was a little more pressure second time around I guess. But in the same way we had to beat the Crusaders in the semi-finals, and both those games were like it was in Toulouse, we were defending at the end of both games.”
“The finals were very different. The Sharks in 2012, we had a good lead and we could enjoy the run-in. But we were behind against the Brumbies and it wasn't until very late in the game that we got the lead, so it was a bit more relief against enjoying the moment.” In addition to those two titles with the Chiefs, Taranaki won the Ranfury Shield in 2012.
Pat Lam signed up as Connacht's new coach as Clarke was nearing the end of his negotiations, and contacted Clarke to back up the interest from Eric Elwood and Tom Sears.
He talked to Nathan White a fair bit too, and so had a fair idea of what he was joining. It's tougher out west, but that too would appeal to his character.
“Yea, we were aware of that, in terms of rugby results, and a little bit of that mindset that Galway is not a big city. It's out of the way, it's in the west, the weather is not that great, all those things,” he says smiling. “But there was also a lot of talk of Connacht people. All Irish people are very lovely but Connacht people are different. They really get in behind you, so that makes a difference.”
It has been pretty much what he expected. “Galway is a little bit different. Dublin is quite a tidy, big city. Galway is old, with the old tight streets. It's very unique. You wouldn't get anything like that in New Zealand. Just different things.
“Obviously Ireland in its economic state is not as well off as New Zealand, so infrastructure and dealing with hospitals is a bit behind, but what we've found is that people make up for that, and they're lovely people.”
Suddenly improved
The rugby has suddenly improved too, the victory over Toulouse coming after just two wins (both against Zebre) in Connacht's previous 10 competitive games. “Yea, very relieved that we got a good win against a quality team. It shows that we're doing things right, and we can say that yes we are actually on the right track. We've got the talent, we've got good coaches and we've got the Connacht spirit, and maybe that's something we haven't had for a couple of weeks.”
He loves what he does. He feels privileged. “I realise I'm very lucky to make a living doing what I'm doing by playing sport.” And although he accepts that losing makes it more difficult, “I love being a pro footie player.” Most of all, he trains and plays to win.
“You prepare all week to go into battle, and sometimes you perform well but don't win. It's not a nice feeling, and winning is just the best thing.” Craig and Veree have been married since last January, and their first child is due in four weeks, and he is clearly here to set down roots for at least three years and leave some kind of legacy.
He likes the mix of seasoned Connacht pros, imports and home-grown youngsters. “It sort of hits home when you see one of them had a teary eye or two,” he admits of the win in Toulouse, “and it's cool to see that.”
He understands how big last Sunday was, but is quick to add “we're trying to install belief and we've done that, so there's no reason why it can't be done again.”
Clarke likens last Sunday to the Chiefs winning away to, say, in South Africa, and indeed he felt like he was playing with the Chiefs in that endgame.
Install real belief
Maybe it will take time to install real belief, he concedes, but either way he's here for the long haul. He's buying into Connacht.
“That's when I moved before I've had some success, and I think part of that is just bought into it; and not just here to collect the ticket, but to contribute to a club and embrace the lifestyle and the people. And get some results.”
Bringing it back to basics, as he does.
Image caption Web blocking is the new weapon of choice against internet pirates
Virgin Media, Sky and TalkTalk have been asked to block access to Newzbin2, a members-only group which provides links to pirated films and music.
BT has already barred its customers from accessing the site, following a court case brought by the Motion Picture Association.
The MPA is now extending its net in a UK-wide crackdown on piracy.
TalkTalk said it was "considering its response". Sky and Virgin Media signalled they would obey court orders.
Legal battle
"There are some elements of the order, for instance that we have to pay the costs of implementing it, that we think are inappropriate," Andrew Heaney, head of regulatory affairs at TalkTalk, told the BBC.
BT has estimated that the block against Newzbin cost it around £5,000 to set up.
"In a sense it wouldn't be worth having a legal battle over that but if the costs get a lot more we may reserve the right to contest it in the future," Mr Heaney said.
The MPA confirmed that it had written to the major ISPs.
"We are involved in constructive discussions but we are not going to comment in detail at this stage," said an MPA spokesman.
Virgin Media acknowledged that it had also received a letter as a preliminary step towards a formal court order.
"The recent Newzbin2 ruling clarifies the legal process for content owners to challenge alleged copyright infringement," said a Virgin Media spokesman.
"As a responsible ISP, we will comply with any court order addressed to us but strongly believe such deterrents need to be accompanied by compelling legal alternatives."
Sky also indicated that it was likely to comply with any court order.
"When presented with undisputed and legally robust evidence of copyright breaches, we will take appropriate action in respect to site blocking," said a spokesman.
Workaround
The MPA has hailed the Newzbin block as a victory in its ongoing fight against piracy which it estimates costs the industry billions of pounds each year.
It has vowed to implement similar blocks against other sites offering links to pirated movies.
Newzbin said on the day that BT's block began that it was "unaffected" because it had issued a software workaround. It claimed the code was being used by over 90% of its members.
In response, the MPA said that despite ways to get around the block, it was hopeful that the move would deter the "vast majority of customers".
Web blocking appears to be the new weapon of choice for the creative industries. On 4 November BT received a letter from the BPI, the UK's music industry trade body, asking it to block access to BitTorrent file-sharing website The Pirate Bay.
Former Trump campaign adviser George Papadopoulos reportedly lied on his resume about his participation in the Model United Nations.
The Washington Post reported that Papadopoulos claimed he was a "U.S. Representative at the 2012 Geneva International Model United Nations."
But officials told the Post there isn't a record of him.
According to newspaper, other information on Papadopoulos's resume also appears to be untrue.
Papadopoulos said he was a fellow at the Hudson Institute, but officials said he was an unpaid intern and researcher under contract.
Papadopoulos pleaded guilty earlier this month to lying to FBI agents as part of special counsel Robert Mueller's investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election, as well as possible connections between members of President Trump's campaign and Moscow.
Prosecutors charged Papadopoulos with lying to investigators about his conversations with a foreign professor who told him that Russians had thousands of emails containing "dirt" on Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
Trump and the White House have tried to downplay Papadopouolos's connection to the campaign. Trump said Tuesday on Twitter that he was a "young, low level volunteer" and that he had "already proven to be a liar."
New Delhi: More than 100 sports have been a part of the greatest sporting extravaganza in the world 'the Olympic Games'. The ICC Chief Executive David Richardson, however, has reignited hopes of getting cricket included in Olympics roster in near future.
Richardson, spoke about the world cricket body's seriousness for making sure cricket enters Olympics by saying, “We also need to determine cricket's strategy in respect of participation in the Olympic Games. Is it something we will continue to explore in the first half of 2017 and if our Members agree they would like to pursue it, then that's when the real work for Olympic inclusion begins.”
The only time cricket has been in touch with Olympics was during the 2012 London Games, when England – as hosts – made the sport a part of the opening ceremony as they wanted the world to know of their rich sporting culture and history. Though, it wasn't included as an official competition, but rather a promotional activity.
There are lots of people who view camping in hammocks as a passing trend or as an odd place to sleep when outdoors. While that may be partially true, correlation does not always mean causation. In truth, hammocks have a long history of being used for camping that dates back to early Native Americans. The first record of the word hammock being used in western speech dates back to a diary entry by none other than Christopher Columbus. The word is thought to be derived from the Native American word “hamaca”, meaning fishing net. It's further suspected that the word was originally adapted from the word “ hamak”, which is the name of the tree that was used to make the fiber used in fishing nets.)
The Mayans used these fishing nets as a multipurpose tool for both sleeping and catching fish. Covering two of the most important basic human needs, with nothing but a bit of tree fiber, isn't bad. As was often the case with native technology, the subtlety was completely lost on Spanish invaders who originally mocked the set-up as primitive. However, one adventurous Spanish sailor must have eventually tried it because the practice was eventually adopted, wholeheartedly. The Spaniards then proceeded to put hammocks to use on practically every floating bit of wood the Spanish crown owned. Since then, the hammock has taken on a variety of roles. Most recently, hammocks are being used by long-distance trail hikers.
What's different when camping in a hammock?
There is a tendency to treat sleeping in a hammock as if it were its own branch of camping. In reality, it isn't as much of a change in camping style as it is a change in sleeping gear. In fact, tarp camping enthusiasts who are intrigued by the idea of hammocks are in luck. The only significant change is to go from sleeping on the ground to being suspended from a tree. Most of the same gear is used (tarps, mosquito netting, sleeping bag) but now you are gently cradled to sleep in the breeze.
What are the benefits?
So if the gear is mostly the same, why bother switching? Well, because you don't have to sleep on the ground! Compared to tent camping, hammock camping is lighter and more compact.
Not only is sleeping above the fray significantly more comfortable, it might even be better for you. Once they adjust to the change, most people assume an “orthopedically correct” posture when sleeping in a hammock. Aside from being naturally relaxing, sleeping in this position has also been shown to be beneficial for people with joint, bone, and spinal problems.
Of course, trees are a hammock user's best friend, but why limit yourself? As a prospective hammock buyer, the options seem limitless. It seems that anyone I talk to about making the switch to hammocks makes a mental checklist of the assorted vertical objects you will be able to use as sleeping aids. However adventurous and creative you are, it is safe to say that hammocking will provide you with a greater diversity of camping locations. Even if there are no trees to from which to suspend your hammock, you can use your trekking poles and two stabilizing lines per pole to suspend the hammock in between.
Editiors Note: Trekking poles generally are not strong enough to hold the weight of a person nor tall enough to suspend a hammock off the ground. However, trekking poles are perfect when you need to use your hammock on the ground. The poles work to suspend a tarp, and the hammock can clip up to provide a bivy like shelter.
Are there any cons to hammock camping?
Of course there are pros and cons, as one would expect. For starters, adherents to the “lightweight or bust” philosophy of backpacking will already be pointing out how we haven't mentioned weight. While they vary substantially, hammocks range on average from a few ounces to a few pounds heavier than your standard ground tarp. Cold from underneath the hammock is an issue in colder months, requiring the use of either an underquilt or a high R-value sleeping pad.
Couples also may not be keen on the idea of hammock camping. Sharing a hammock with another person is not the same as sharing a normal, spacious bed. Practically sleeping on top of each other, suspended 3 feet above the ground, is out of the question for many couples.
There is also the problem of trees. You may find hammock camping difficult in the arctic, in the Sahara, or anywhere above the tree line. Even the most creative will have a hard time setting up a hammock if there is absolutely nothing to tie it to. However, if you find yourself in such a situation, many models of hammocks allow you to skip the hanging bit and revert to lowly ground dwelling, using your bed swing as a ground tarp.
So the next time you are looking to change up your hiking routine, consider the comfort, flexibility, and serenity of a camping hammock.
Share your hammock camping stories
Have you tried hammock camping or do you on a regular basis? Any tips you can share with a first timer?
std::string conversion benchmark in C++
Asit Dhal Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 8, 2017
There are two ways to convert any fundamental data to string.
std::to_string std::ostringstream boost::lexical_cast
In this post, I will analyze which one is the fastest to convert any fundamental data to string. I am using google benchmark to measure the time difference. In all charts, y-axis is time in nano seconds and x-axis is both real time and cpu time.
type=int input_count = 1
For only, one conversion, both std::stringstream and std::ostringstream take nearly same time. boost::lexical_cast in the fastest. And std::to_string is in between.
2. type=int input_count > 30
Here both std::stringstream and std::ostringstream outperform std::to_string and boost::lexical_cast. You can get better result by reusing std::stringstream and std::ostringstream buffer.
```cpp
std::ostringstream oss;
oss.str(“”);
oss.clear();
```
Creating stream objects are very expensive. So, reuse of buffer gives better result.
3. type=double input_count=1
Performance is very similar to integer. Boost lexical_cast outperforms everyone.
3. type=double input_count=30
For multiple inputs, boost::lexical_cast outperforms everyone else.
So, my observations are
Always use std::to_string to convert any single value to std::string.
In case of double, use std::string. If you need, precision, use std::ostringstream.
In all other cases, use std::ostringstream.
Prefer boost::lexical_cast if you have boost in your project
Image produced: https://github.com/asit-dhal/BenchmarkViewer
On Sunday, Delta Air Lines temporarily grounded all domestic flights due to an unexplained technical error, the second major American airline to do so in the last seven days.
“Delta teams are expeditiously working to fix a systems outage that has resulted in departure delays and cancellations,” said Delta after lifting the ground halt (which the FAA attributed to “automation issues”) Sunday evening. “Flights in the air remain unaffected.”
Advertisement
Last weekend, United Airlines similarly stopped all domestic flights over what it called “an IT issue.” The grounding was finally lifted two hours later.
Once unheard of, IT-related ground halts have become troublingly frequent over the past six months. From CNN:
In September, British Airways suffered a computer problem that caused delays and long lines at airports in the United States and Europe. In August, Delta was forced to cancel around 2,000 flights after a major system failure. That came only a few weeks after an outage caused more than 1,000 cancellations at Southwest Airlines.
Advertisement
Other than denying being hacked, the airlines generally haven't disclosed the exact nature of the errors. In July, however, Southwest CEO Gary Kelly described his company's glitch as a “once-in-a-thousand-year flood” caused by single rogue router that tied up hundreds of software applications.
“In 45 years, we've never had a challenge like this one,” Kelly told The Dallas Morning News. “This isn't a drill you can run.”
As they come to rely on increasingly complex automated systems, airlines might consider what kind of drills they can run.
Advertisement
[Bloomberg]
Some electronic energy meters can give false readings that are up to 582% higher than actual energy consumption.
This emerged from a study carried out by the University of Twente (UT), in collaboration with the Amsterdam University of Applied Sciences (AUAS). Professor Frank Leferink of the UT estimates that potentially inaccurate meters have been installed in the meter cabinets of at least 750,000 Dutch households. The is published in the scientific journal ‘IEEE Electromagnetic Compatibility Magazine'.
In the Netherlands, traditional energy meters (kWh) – the familiar energy meter with a rotating disc – are being increasingly replaced by electronic variants (which are also known as ‘static energy meters'). One well-known variant of the latter is the ‘smart meter'. The Dutch government wants smart meters in every household by 2020.
Actual consumption
For quite some time now, rumours have been rife about electronic energy meters that give excessively high readings in practice. This prompted Prof. Leferink to investigate electronic meters, to see whether they can indeed give false readings. Together with co-workers Cees Keyer and Anton Melentjev from AUAS, he tested nine different electronic meters in this study. The meters in question were manufactured between 2004 and 2014. The meters were connected, via an electric switchboard, to a range of power-consuming appliances, such as energy saving light bulbs, heaters, LED bulbs and dimmers. The researchers then compared the actual consumption of the system with the electronic energy meter's readings.
582 percent
In the experiments (which were entirely reproducible), five of the nine meters gave readings that were much higher than the actual amount of power consumed. Indeed, in some setups, these were up to 582 percent higher. Conversely, two of the meters gave readings that were 30 percent lower than the actual amount of power consumed.
The greatest inaccuracies were seen when dimmers combined with energy saving light bulbs and LED bulbs were connected to the system. According to Mr Keyer (lecturer Electrical Engineering at the AUAS and PhD student at the UT) “OK, these were laboratory tests, but we deliberately avoided using exceptional conditions. For example, a dimmer and 50 bulbs, while an average household has 47 bulbs.”
Explanation
The inaccurate readings are attributed to the energy meter's design, together with the increasing use of modern (often energy-efficient) switching devices. Here, the electricity being consumed no longer has a perfect waveform, instead it acquires an erratic pattern. The designers of modern energy meters have not made sufficient allowance for switching devices of this kind.
When they dismantled the energy meters tested, the researchers found that the ones associated with excessively high readings contained a ‘Rogowski Coil' while those associated with excessively low readings contained a ‘Hall Sensor'. Frank Leferink (Professor of Electromagnetic Compatibility at the UT) points out that “The energy meters we tested meet all the legal requirements and are certified. These requirements, however, have not made sufficient allowance for modern switching devices”.
Consumers
Any consumers who do not trust their energy meter can have it tested by an ‘Accredited inspection company'. However, if this inspection shows that the meter is functioning properly, then the consumer will have to cover the costs involved. Yet the standardized test does not make allowance for waveform-contaminating power-consuming appliances. As a result, according to the researchers, it is an unsuitable method for detecting false meter readings. Prof. Leferink and Mr Keyer advise any consumers who doubt their meter readings to contact their supplier, who then will pass the complaint on to the power grid operator.
Study
The study, entitled ‘Static Energy Meter Errors Caused by Conducted Electromagnetic Interference', are published in the scientific journal ‘IEEE Electromagnetic Compatibility Magazine'. The Van Swinden Laboratory (the Dutch Metrology Institute), which carried out a countercheck, has confirmed these results. The study was conducted by Prof. Frank Leferink (Professor of Electromagnetic Compatibility at the UT), Cees Keyer (lecturer at the AUAS and PhD candidate at the UT), and Anton Melentjev (at that time, a student at the AUAS).
WHAT MAKES A GREAT SCREENPLAY SCENE?
How do you make every scene great? What makes a scene entertaining? How to you introduce conflict and tension into a scene? Is your screenplay better with or without a particular scene?
Scenes are the backbone of any successful screenplay. Without fantastic scenes on every page, you'll bore the reader right to the trash can. In order to avoid that horrific fate, you have to make sure every scene counts. Every single scene must be entertaining and contribute to your story.
Below you'll find over 30 resources collected from around the web. Within them you'll find countless tips, tricks and guides to help make every scene in your screenplay great.
Make every scene perfect. Make every scene count!
COLLECTION | The Toughest Scene I Wrote | Vulture
COLLECTION | Great Scenes | Go Into The Story
How To Write A Scene | 2-Page Version | John August
Are You Making Any Of These 20 Killer Errors In Your Screenplay's Scenes? | Bang 2 Write
How To Write An Unforgettable Scene | Script Magazine
How To Add Conflict To A Scene | Script Shadow
What Makes A Great Scene | Go Into The Story
4 Things To Focus On When Writing Scenes | Screenwriting Process
Writing Scenes: In late/Out Early | Script Magazine
Secrets Of Writing Better Scenes | Gideon's Screenwriting Tips
Tips For Writing A Screenplay Scene That Rocks | Script Reader Pro
A Simple Plan. A Brilliant Scene | Movie Outline
Top 5 Scene Pacing Tips | The Script Lab
Now Write! Screenwriting Exercise: Write Cinematic Scenes | Writers Store
Scene Writing Challenge | Go Into The Story
10 Ways To Revitalize Your Scene Description | Bang 2 Write
Screenplay Scene Description: Good & Bad Versions From Famous Movies | Script Reader Pro
Create A Captivating Scene | Film Script Writing
Why Most Advice On How To Write A Scene Is Wrong | Script Reader Pro
Top 5 Scene Pacing Tips | The Script Lab
Anatomy Of A Scene | Film Slate
Do Your Scenes Turn? | Robert McKee
Five Characteristics of a Good Scene, and Eight Signs of a Bad One | Screenwriters University
Writing Fight Scenes | John August
Rewriting And/Or Writing Scenes Can Be Fun! (I hope) | Script Magazine
5 Easy Tips To Strengthen Your Scenes | Writer's Digest
6 Phone Call Scenes That Work | Scribe Meets World
10 Ways To Juice Up A Scene | Script Shadow
How To Write Movie Scenes | Mental Floss
Even The Best Screenwriting Books Rarely Mention This Technique On Scenes | Script Reader Pro
Screenwriting Advice: Write The WORST Scene Ever! | Filmmaking Stuff
Action Scenes! | The Working Screenwriter
How To Write A Scene In 11 Steps | r/Screenwriting
Combine Scenes For Clarity & Speed | Your Screenplay Sucks
Click here for more Screenwriting Resources.
Visa and MasterCard are sending confidential alerts to financial institutions across the United States this week, warning them about more than 200,000 credit cards that were stolen in the epic data breach announced last week at big-three credit bureau Equifax. At first glance, the private notices obtained by KrebsOnSecurity appear to suggest that hackers initially breached Equifax starting in November 2016. But Equifax says the accounts were all stolen at the same time — when hackers accessed the company's systems in mid-May 2017.
Both Visa and MasterCard frequently send alerts to card-issuing financial institutions with information about specific credit and debit cards that may have been compromised in a recent breach. But it is unusual for these alerts to state from which company the accounts were thought to have been pilfered.
In this case, however, Visa and MasterCard were unambiguous, referring to Equifax specifically as the source of an e-commerce card breach.
In a non-public alert sent this week to sources at multiple banks, Visa said the “window of exposure” for the cards stolen in the Equifax breach was between Nov. 10, 2016 and July 6, 2017. A similar alert from MasterCard included the same date range.
“The investigation is ongoing and this information may be amended as new details arise,” Visa said in its confidential alert, linking to the press release Equifax initially posted about the breach on Sept. 7, 2017.
The card giant said the data elements stolen included card account number, expiration date, and the cardholder's name. Fraudsters can use this information to conduct e-commerce fraud at online merchants.
It would be tempting to conclude from these alerts that the card breach at Equifax dates back to November 2016, and that perhaps the intruders then managed to install software capable of capturing customer credit card data in real-time as it was entered on one of Equifax's Web sites.
Indeed, that was my initial hunch in deciding to report out this story. But according to a statement from Equifax, the hacker(s) downloaded the data in one fell swoop in mid-May 2017.
“The attacker accessed a storage table that contained historical credit card transaction related information,” the company said. “The dates that you provided in your e-mail appear to be the transaction dates. We have found no evidence during our investigation to indicate the presence of card harvesting malware, or access to the table before mid-May 2017.”
Equifax did not respond to questions about how it was storing credit card data, or why only card data collected from customers after November 2016 was stolen.
In its initial breach disclosure on Sept. 7, Equifax said it discovered the intrusion on July 29, 2017. The company said the hackers broke in through a vulnerability in the software that powers some of its Web-facing applications.
In an update to its breach disclosure published Wednesday evening, Equifax confirmed reports that the application flaw in question was a weakness disclosed in March 2017 in a popular open-source software package called Apache Struts (CVE-2017-5638).
“Equifax has been intensely investigating the scope of the intrusion with the assistance of a leading, independent cybersecurity firm to determine what information was accessed and who has been impacted,” the company wrote. “We know that criminals exploited a U.S. website application vulnerability. The vulnerability was Apache Struts CVE-2017-5638. We continue to work with law enforcement as part of our criminal investigation, and have shared indicators of compromise with law enforcement.”
The Apache flaw was first spotted around March 7, 2017, when security firms began warning that attackers were actively exploiting a “zero-day” vulnerability in Apache Struts. Zero-days refer to software or hardware flaws that hackers find and figure out how to use for commercial or personal gain before the vendor even knows about the bugs.
By March 8, Apache had released new versions of the software to mitigate the vulnerability. But by that time exploit code that would allow anyone to take advantage of the flaw was already published online — making it a race between companies needing to patch their Web servers and hackers trying to exploit the hole before it was closed.
Screen shots apparently taken on March 10, 2017 and later posted to the vulnerability tracking site xss[dot]cx indicate that the Apache Struts vulnerability was present at the time on annualcreditreport.com — the only web site mandated by Congress where all Americans can go to obtain a free copy of their credit reports from each of the three major bureaus annually.
In another screen shot apparently made that same day and uploaded to xss[dot]cx, we can see evidence that the Apache Struts flaw also was present in Experian's Web properties.
Equifax has said the unauthorized access occurred from mid-May through July 2017, suggesting either that the company's Web applications were still unpatched in mid-May or that the attackers broke in earlier but did not immediately abuse their access.
It remains unclear when exactly Equifax managed to fully eliminate the Apache Struts flaw from their various Web server applications. But one thing we do know for sure: The hacker(s) got in before Equifax closed the hole, and their presence wasn't discovered until July 29, 2017.
Update, Sept. 15, 12:31 p.m. ET: Visa has updated their advisory about these 200,000+ credit cards stolen in the Equifax breach. Visa now says it believes the records also included the cardholder's Social Security number and address, suggesting that (ironically enough) the accounts were stolen from people who were signing up for credit monitoring services through Equifax.
Equifax also clarified the breach timeline to note that it patched the Apache Struts flaw in its Web applications only after taking the hacked system(s) offline on July 30, 2017. Which means Equifax left its systems unpatched for more than four months after a patch (and exploit code to attack the flaw) was publicly available.
Tags: apache struts, cve-2017-5638, Equifax breach, mastercard, Visa, window of exposure
Is has been long alleged by conspiracy theorists and investigators alike that there exists a ruthless and highly organized operation in America and around the world dedicated to the coverup and procurement of underage sex slaves for top businessmen and government officials.
Proponents of this theory, like Nebraska State Senator John DeCamp and 30 year, highly decorated FBI Special Agent in Charge and Los Angles Bureau Chief Ted Gunderson, have astonishingly amassed a mountain of evidence. This includes numerous witness testimonies from victimized children, which ultimately led to the criminal and civil prosecutions of government officials and business leaders in what was known as “The Franklin Coverup.”
It was the biggest pedophile scandal in the history of the United States. The story received some newspaper coverage, but there was a virtual TV News Media blackout. For this reason, most Americans have never heard of it.
A Discovery Channel documentary made about the events called “Conspiracy of Silence” was set to air May 3, 1994, but at the last minute, an anonymous buyer purchased all rights to the documentary and ordered all copies be destroyed. It never aired on live television.
The documentary, built primarily from the eyewitness testimonies of the sexually abused children themselves, exposed a network of religious leaders and Washington politicians who flew children procured from places like Boys Town – a non-profit organization dedicated to caring for foster and “high-risk” youths – to Washington D.C. for sex orgies.
A recovered tape of the documentary was made available by Nebraska state senator and attorney John De Camp. I suggest you make the time to watch it HERE, but since the 90's, child abductions and sexual abuse allegations have skyrocketed.
Reports of missing persons have increased sixfold in the past 25 years, from roughly 150,000 in 1980 to about 900,000 in 2014. An astounding 2,300 Americans are reported missing every day, including both adults and children.
The federal government counted 840,279 missing persons cases in 2001. All but about 50,000 were juveniles, classified as anyone younger than 18.
The prevalence of child sexual abuse is difficult to determine because it is often not reported. Experts agree that the incidences are far greater than what are being brought to authorities.
According to the Crimes Against Children Research Center:
A recent watchdog investigation, reported on Thursday, reveals that more than a third of child sexual abuse investigations by police in the U.K. are inadequate.
The countries Inspectorate of the Constabulary found that 38 percent of inquiries into a sample of nearly 600 child sexual abuse allegations were not conducted to a good enough standard.
The national sample also reviewed 124 online abuse cases, finding that 52 percent were not investigated properly, with some police departments exhibiting a 72 percent sub-standard investigation rate.
The news comes in the wake of warnings by officials that child sexual abuse cases are expected to top 70,000 in the country by the end of this year – nearly double the number recorded in 2012.
Dru Sharpling, who led the review said on “too many occasions,” police investigations into child abuse or neglect were poor and plagued by delay.
Late last year, the Ministerial Department of the Government of the U.K., known as the Home Office, found after an internal review, that the department “lost or destroyed” 114 files concerning allegations of child sex abuse dating from 1979 to 1999.
The Home Office is responsible for “immigration, security, and law and order.” As such, it is responsible for the police, U.K. Visas and Immigration, and the Security Service (MI5).
Ministers asked Peter Wanless, head of the National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, to examine how the Home Office dealt with files alleging abuse from 1979-99. Wanless' report said it was impossible to say whether files were removed to cover up abuse – but that nothing was found to support such a claim.
British Conservative politician, and current U.K. Home Secretary Theresa May, however asserted that there “might have been a cover-up.”
Wanless and other investigators had tried to track down the 114 files, but found just one. Another was found shredded by the Ministry of Justice.
“It is… not possible to say whether files were ever removed or destroyed to cover up or hide allegations of organized or systematic child abuse by particular individuals because of the systems then in place. We cannot say that [any] file was removed or destroyed for that reason,” the Wanless report concluded.
The report also revealed a list of names which officials were asked to search under when looking for the missing files – suggesting possible links to a dossier compiled by Tory MP Geoffrey Dickens containing details of establishment abuses. Dickens says he gave the dossier to then-Home Secretary Leon Brittan in 1983.
He says it included known pedophiles such as Cyril Smith and members of the Pedophile Information Exchange, which campaigned openly to legalize sex with children.
It also featured senior political figures such as former Home Secretary Leon Brittan, Labour peer Lord Janner, and two Tory grandees, Sir Peter Morrison and Sir Peter Hayman, who are both now dead.
Police have questioned Lord Brittan and searched Lord Janner's home, but neither were charged.
In a statement to MP's, Mrs. May said of the findings: “It doesn't prove or disprove the Home Office acted appropriately in the 1980s,” but added that “there might have been a cover-up.”
In March, May set up an major inquiry into child sex abuse following revelations about crimes committed by the deceased DJ Jimmy Savile, who was found to have deep connections to the British Royal family – as well as disclosures regarding abuse in Derby, Oxford and other alleged pedophile rings across the country.
“The inquiry won't probe individuals, but where there is evidence a person has abused their position – no matter how high or low that position – it will be passed to the police to investigate,” May said. “If there has been a cover-up, we will uncover it. And if perpetrators of child sex abuse are found, they will be brought to justice.”
The UK Government has denied any dealing with the dossier and David Cameron has called the allegations a “conspiracy theory.”
United States
In recent years, probes into police departments in the U.S. have yielded similar results.
In one of the most glaring, a November 2014 report looking into the New Orleans Police Department found officers charged with investigating sex crimes failed to pursue 86 percent of reported cases.
Prepared by the city's inspector general, Edouard R. Quatrevaux, the report found that 840 of 1,290 reported sex crime cases where shelved by New Orleans police detectives from 2011 to 2013.
The report also found that of the 450 cases that were investigated, no documentation outside of an initial report was found for 271 of them. The report describes how victims' charges of sexual assault were ignored, referrals from medical personnel were dismissed, and evidence was not processed.
In some cases, the detective would mark down in a report that evidence had been sent to the state laboratory, though no records could be found that the laboratory received anything.
In one case, a two-year-old was brought to the emergency room on suspicion of having been the victim of a sexual assault and was found to have a sexually transmitted disease. Investigators did no follow-up and closed the case.
In another, a nurse collected DNA evidence from a victim in a rape kit, but the detective apparently never submitted the kit for testing. In a log book, the detective explained that the kit was never submitted “because the sex was consensual.” That same detective, the report said, told at least three different people that he “did not believe that simple rape should be a crime.”
The findings are not new to the New Orleans police force. In 2010 and 2011, the Department of Justice found that the department routinely discouraged sexual assault victims from pursuing prosecution and that reclassifying rapes as miscellaneous charges was so common that it had the effect of “shutting down investigations for a significant proportion of possible sex crimes.”
Inspector General Quatrevaux said at the time that the report arose from a random audit of police cases that his office conducted earlier that year, which found that rape was routinely classified as another, lesser crime by the department and that detectives had even backdated reports to make it appear that they had performed necessary work.
The report primarily focused on five detectives within the special victims section; there are typically 16 detectives in the section, with eight or nine dedicated to investigating sex crimes. Record-keeping was so meager in a large majority of their cases that “no evaluation of their police work was possible.”
Out of 119 cases that were assigned to one of the detectives, only 17 were found to have any records beyond an initial report. Another detective was assigned 40 cases and produced supplementary reports in only six of them.
New Orleans Police Superintendent Michael S. Harrison said the unidentified detectives in the report were transferred from the special victims section, as were some of their supervisors.
The Police Department's Public Integrity Bureau, which worked with the inspector general's office in preparing the report, is still investigating the detectives, who could potentially face criminal charges. The department is also conducting a review of all the cases the detectives handled in the special victims section.
“As the chief of police, I am deeply disturbed by the allegations in this report,” Superintendent Harrison said at the time. Since, Harrison says he has replaced “every level” of leadership over the Special Victims Section, and has advocated for further reforms.
London
Government watchdogs in London, launched in March, an investigation into claims that Scotland Yard covered up child sex abuse crimes because of the involvement of MPs and police officers.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is still investigating at least 16 separate allegations of alleged corruption by MPs and Metropolitan Police relating to child sex offenses from the 1970s to the 2000s claiming officers suppressed evidence, hindered or halted investigations and covered up offenses to protect their colleagues.
“These allegations are of historic, high level corruption of the most serious nature,” deputy chair of the IPCC, Sarah Green said at the time. “Allegations of this nature are of grave concern and I would like to reassure people of our absolute commitment to ensuring that the investigations are thorough and robust.”
Among the allegations include a claim that government documents found at a child sex offender's address tied a number of “highly prominent individuals” including senior police officers to a pedophile ring before no further action was taken and the investigation was dropped.
Another allegation claimed officers omitted a senior politician's name from an abuse victim's police report.
Other claims implicated a police coverup of child sex abuse allegations involving a former senior Met Police officer and “further members of the establishment including judges.”
The IPCC said also, that an investigation into young men being targeted in Dolphin Square, an apartment complex popular with MPs, was also allegedly abandoned because officers were “too near [to] prominent people.”
Other allegations claim surveillance operations of a child sex abuse ring that was shut down because “high profile people” were involved, and that intelligence gathering on a politician suspected of being involved in pedophile activities in the 1970s was ended by a senior MPS officer.
In still other claims, it was even alleged that police officers sexually abused a boy and carried out gang-stalking-type surveillance on him, and that an investigation into a pedophile ring that resulted in multiple convictions, did not take action against “more prominent individuals.”
“The [Metropolitan Police Department] recognize[s] the severity of the allegations, and the importance of understanding whether or not our officers had in the past acted inappropriately, a Met Police spokesperson said at the time.
The spokesperson added, “ongoing investigations and recent convictions by officers from the Sexual Offences, Exploitation and Child Abuse Command have shown that the MPS is fully committed to investigating non-recent allegations of [child] sexual abuse.”
No recent news of the investigation has been released.
Paul Burgess shares the powerful story of the journey his late father Cyril went on when it came to accepting his son's sexuality.
My parents have two sons, one of them gay. They also have two daughters, one of them gay. They are a part of that rare club of parents who can honestly say they have four children, one of each. Not easy things to own for a man like my father. At least, not at first.
Cyril Wild was a typical married man living in a northern cotton mill town. He regularly bet on horses, regularly went to the pub and socialised with other men, many of them as butch and masculine as the cast of a good western. He was also my father. It wasn't a job he was great at in my younger years, and it was certainly a job I made more difficult for him.
I was an effeminate child, and teenager. I could and would be as camp as Christmas, often exaggerated for effect. I didn't make things easy, and yes this was a conscious act on my part. You see, to me, this man once epitomised everything I despised about straight men. He was my example of what NOT to be, and I revelled in the opportunity to show him how different and opposite I could be, to everything he was.
He made it difficult too, for both of us. I recall one incident when I was around 11 years old. It was summer and I'd eaten a red fruit ice lolly, so my lips were stained red. Dad flipped out when he saw me, he screamed abuse at me and gave me a hard clip around the head. “Get that f**** lipstick off” he said. The problem was of course, I wasn't wearing any.
We rarely spoke anything more than a hello and goodbye.
On New Year's Eve in 1989 I asked my boyfriend at the time, who was staying at our home in the spare room, to get into my bed. Not to have sex, but just to sleep with me on the last night of the year. I wanted to snuggle. That was all. On New Year's Day 1990 my father walked into my room, saw that we were in bed together, and promptly threw me out, simply stating: “I'm not having any of that queer stuff going on here”.
I left. I became independent. I became a man myself. Things were rocky with my dad for three years. We barely spoke; we still harboured much resentment towards each other.
I gave up on the idea of us ever having a father/son relationship.
As it would turn out, I gave up way too easily.
Fast forward three years to another New Year's Eve. It's the end of a night out with my parents and I'm still not really speaking to dad, we're in the back of a taxi van and he's about to step out of the cab. He turns to me and says: “Let's me and you start afresh son”. He then holds out his hand for a shake. I shake his hand and he pulls me in for a hug. I believe it was the first.
Life suddenly changed, dramatically and so much for the better, although I wouldn't quite realise that. Yet.
From that moment on, we got along incredibly well. With one gesture from him, he had changed our relationship deeply, and forever.
In 2009 he sat in the front row of my ‘big gay wedding' and cried as much as my mother. He hugged me after the ceremony and told me it was one of the proudest days of his life.
We had both become two very different men to the pair constantly at loggerheads in previous years.
I had a father and he loved me. Unconditionally.
Nothing else changed. He still bet on horses, went to the pub, had the same mates. He was exactly the same man.
He epitomised the fact that anyone can change. Anyone.
He even became a big fan of the work we do at Pink Triangle Theatre, a company tackling homophobia in schools, colleges, workplaces and even prisons across the country. He stated that when he couldn't drive anymore, he wanted us to have his car instead of our “tin can”. What we did was important to him and he wanted us to be able to do it easier, in a more attractive and reliable vehicle.
Dad was diagnosed with terminal cancer in early 2012. He was given ten months to live. As a family we really made the most of those ten months. Dad even paid for all of us, his children and our partners, to holiday for an all-inclusive week in Majorca at the start of October 2012. It was an amazing week. My family hoped he would be able to have at least one more holiday after this one.
I knew, deep down, as did he, that this would be his last.
On January 21st 2013, at 6am in the morning, dad died. He had battled for almost a year, and he battled hard. Mum called me to come down quick, she couldn't sit him up. Luckily Jason (my husband) and I had moved six doors away from my parents in August, so that we were on hand for this. Exactly this. I was there within moments, and I had to tell mum “He's gone mum”. Followed by the awful calls to my brother and sisters. Calls I'll never, ever forget.
My family were broken. They all fell to pieces for a while. Maybe hope had been hiding all the inevitability. I had as much to do with the stages between death and funeral as I possibly could. I helped when the funeral directors came to get him. I went to the chapel of rest and dressed him myself, with the help of my sister. I chose his final outfit and dressed him as if he was going on a Friday night out with my brother. He would have liked that.
Cyril Wild, my wonderful dad, is my own personal Hero. He is also an important lesson for parents of lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans people everywhere.
You too can change. You too can learn to accept all and love unconditionally.
I still miss him terribly, but I'm thankful that I had a chance to say everything that needed saying before he was gone. I told him the truth. I said that I didn't regret one single thing that had happened between us. Not one. I told him that everything, every single thing, all the good and bad had been an important part of making me the person I was today, and I was proud of myself. He told me he was proud of me too, as he was proud of us all, and he said he couldn't have married a better woman.
He meant every single word.
My tribute video for him is on YouTube. A Gay Man & His Dad.
A shorter version of this piece was written for Polari during LGBT History Month.
Paying for graduate school just got a whole lot easier for Drexel University student Mike Dodds thanks to a couple of football throws.
Dodds, a 23-year-old biomedical engineering master's student from Leola, Pennsylvania, won the $100,000 grand prize in the Dr Pepper Tuition Giveaway on Saturday night.
"Winning the tuition prize felt surreal," Dodds said. "Receiving $100,000 in tuition was always something that was present in the back of my mind as a possibility, but far from being probable."
The student had to throw as many footballs as possible into an opening in an oversized Dr Pepper soda can during halftime of the nationally-televised ACC Championship game at Bank of America Stadium in Charlotte, North Carolina.
An emotional Mike Dodds collects his $100,000 oversized check after winning the grand prize.
Photo credit: Dr Pepper
Dodds told NBC10 his experience as a football player helped him in the competition.
"I played football from third grade all the way until my junior year of high school," he said. "For a good portion of that time frame, I was a quarterback operating a read-option system, which is where I derived my strategy from. The read-option system we ran required me to frequently pitch the ball under duress."
In a mere 30 seconds, he got 14 into the can.
"When I heard the countdown reaching zero and saw that I had a higher score in the halftime competition, my head was swimming," Dodds said. "Mainly because I was so excited to have a huge financial burden lifted from my life, but also because I knew a whole bunch of people were about to see me get pretty emotional on national TV. Overall, it was an intense combination of disbelief, gratitude, and joy with a slight hint of embarrassment."
Dodds went head-to-head against another college student from North Carolina. That student won $20,000 toward his college tuition.
In a video submitted to the competition, Dodds said he'd like to open a company that will design and build implants and prostheses for people. Dodds says the prize money will also help him in his pursuit of an MS in Biomedical Engineering.
"This will let me find or create an ideal job that I can excel at and make meaningful contributions through," he said. "That way I won't be rushed into taking whatever starting job I can find due to a massive cloud of debt looming overhead. It will also motivate me to get the absolute most out of my education."
by Rob Moseley
Editor, GoDucks.com
This time, A.J. Balta got all of it. And the Oregon baseball team left PK Park on a Sunday afternoon feeling much better about itself.
One week ago, Balta's potential walk-off home run was caught just short of the fence, ending a three-game sweep of the Ducks by Cal State Fullerton. Against Ohio State on Sunday, Balta's eighth-inning blast cleared the fence for a grand slam that capped No. 14 Oregon's 20-4 victory.
The victory gave the Ducks (12-4) two wins in three games with the Buckeyes (8-5), ended a 4-1 week for Oregon and put the demoralizing series with the Titans safely in the rearview mirror.
"I think Ohio State's personnel is pretty good," UO coach George Horton said. "I think they're going to be a contender in the Big Ten. They'll have to prove that, but last year we didn't win two out of three against anybody (of note in the nonconference season), and ended up a national No. 8 seed (into the postseason). We reminded our guys of that, and certainly if we're going to do anything in the Pac-12, we're going to have to beat a lot of teams that are significant. …
"So we challenged them, to see if they could get this two out of three against a team we might have awoken (Saturday) by not throwing strikes. And they accepted the challenge pretty good."
After three middling performances by Sunday starters to open the season, senior Jeff Gold (4-0) rose to the task when given his shot at the job against the Buckeyes. He went eight innings and allowed seven hits and three runs, with eight strikeouts and no walks; two of the runs came home on potential inning-ending double-play balls, makeable plays the Ducks didn't convert.
Gold's was the third straight solid start of the weekend. Staff ace Tommy Thorpe struck out a career-high 10 in seven scoreless innings Friday, and freshman phenom Matt Krook battled control issues to get through 5 1/3 while allowing one run Saturday. But the Ducks couldn't get anything in that game off Ohio State's Ryan Riga, so it was left to Gold to get Oregon a series win Sunday.
"It was cool, especially against this team — I had some demons to exorcise from the Rose Bowl my freshman year," said Gold, who attended the Oregon football team's postseason loss to the Buckeyes in 2010. "I threw four pitches for strikes in the first inning and was like, 'OK, everything seems good today.' Coach Horton called a great game, and we were able to mix speeds well."
Horton called Gold's start "spectacular," and said the performance made a decision on Oregon's Sunday starter for the Pac-12 opening series with USC in PK Park next week "a no-brainer."
"That was one of his sharpest outings," Horton said. "His fastball command was outstanding, and if we played a little better catch and get a couple double-play balls, he has an even better result."
Gold pitched through steady rain, regularly switching out baseballs to ensure a good grip. And he was able to pitch with the confidence of an early lead, as the Ducks put up seven runs in the third inning. Oregon's 20 runs were the most since 1979; the previous high since the program's reinstatement was 19 at Gonzaga in April 2010.
"We wanted them to leave with an impression we wanted to make," Balta said, explaining that "we want to be a team that's looked at as the toughest of the competition. And we want to be looked at as someone like, 'Oh man, we have to go play them?'"
The day got off to an auspicious start when leadoff hitter Aaron Payne reached third base in the first inning yet didn't score, for the second game in a row. But the Ducks ensured Sunday would be no repeat of Saturday's futility with a four-run second inning.
Each of those first two frames ended with cleanup hitter Mitchell Tolman making the last out. He got on track in a big way with a three-run double during the seven-run third, later adding a two-run single in the sixth and an RBI single in the eighth.
"My first two at-bats I felt really long with the swing," Tolman said. "(Hitting coach Mark Wasikowski) talked to me and just told me to stay short and do what I can do."
Tolman's last hit left the bases loaded for Balta two batters later. The freshman worked a 3-1 count, predicted something in the zone from Ohio State's all-American closer, Trace Dempsey, and lined it deep to right, into Oregon's bullpen.
"It was nice to finally square one up, get some revenge for the Fullerton almost walk-off," Balta said.
More than that, Balta's grand slam put an exclamation point on Oregon's bounceback week following the three-game sweep by the Titans. The Pac-12 schedule looms, and the Ducks will have to show similar mettle over what Horton is calling "a 30-game World Series."
"We talk about getting up off the deck," Horton said. "We felt pretty frustrated at not playing well last night, and we played well in a lot of areas today."
CLOSE Children under age 12 die from gun accidents in the United States about once a week, on average. Almost every death begins with the same basic circumstances: an unsecured and loaded gun, a guardian's lapse in attention. USA TODAY and AP
This Sunday, March 29, 2015 photo provided by the Jefferson Police Department shows the scene of an accidental shooting in Jefferson, Ga. Jaxon White had turned 3 two days earlier. (Photo: AP)
A 2-year-old Milwaukee boy found his father's handgun and accidentally shot himself with it, police said Wednesday.
The toddler is expected to survive, and his father was arrested after police say he left the gun in an accessible location in the house.
The shooting occurred about 9:30 p.m. Tuesday in the 3400 block of N. 36th St., and prosecutors are expected to review the case later this week.
In recent years, multiple children in Milwaukee picked up a gun and seriously hurt or killed themselves or someone else. In some of the cases, their parents or caregiver has faced charges related to the shooting.
Last month, a 22-year-old Milwaukee woman was charged with felony child neglect after prosecutors say her 4-year-old son found a handgun in her purse and shot himself in the hand.
A recent investigation by the USA TODAY Network and The Associated Press examining fatal accidental shootings of children found nearly identical accidents can have markedly different outcomes. A shooting that leads to a prison sentence in one state can end with no prosecution at all in another.
On average, children under age 12 die from gun accidents in the United States about once a week, the news organizations found. In their analysis of accidental shootings causing injuries or death, Wisconsin fell in the middle of the rankings for states, hewing close to the national average of 3.4 incidents per million people.
RELATED: Added agony: Justice is haphazard after kids' gun deaths
RELATED: Nationally, children die in accidental shootings at pace of one every other day
Last weekend, a 15-year-old boy accidentally shot his 17-year-old friend while they were turkey hunting in Vernon County. The wounded teen died from his injuries.
Most of the high-profile cases of accidental shootings in Milwaukee have involved curious toddlers who found unsecured, loaded handguns in homes and vehicles.
Last year in the city, a 4-year-old boy found a gun and fatally shot himself. His mother was arrested, but prosecutors did not issue charges.
NEWSLETTERS Get the NewsWatch Delivered newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Todays top news delivered to your inbox Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7103. Delivery: Mon - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for NewsWatch Delivered Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
In another case, a 6-year-old boy shot his 9-year-old brother, resulting in fractured ribs and blood buildup in the boy's chest.
Prosecutors filed misdemeanor charges of leaving a firearm near a child against their mother, Nicole L. Jackson, and the 6-year-old's father, Dominique D. Phillips. Phillips also was charged with being a felon in possession of a firearm.
Jackson pleaded guilty and was sentenced in April to nine months in jail, but the judge postponed the sentence and placed her on one year of probation. If she completes her probation successfully, she won't have to serve the jail time. Phillips' case remains pending.
In another case from last year, a gun slid out from under a driver's seat and a 2-year-old boy grabbed the weapon. The gun fired, sending a bullet through the seat in front of him and killing his mother as she drove on the freeway. No charges were filed in that case.
Wisconsin's misdemeanor law for these types of shootings applies under specific circumstances: if an adult recklessly stores or leaves a loaded firearm within reach or easy access of a child; if the child obtains the firearm without permission of the owner, guardian or caretaker; and if the child fires the gun and causes bodily harm or death.
"We don't prosecute very many of them, probably two a year or so, and we don't have many referred to us," said Milwaukee County Chief Deputy District Attorney Kent Lovern.
"We certainly have seen this here, but many times, the circumstances are such that the parent should not be held liable," Lovern said Wednesday. "It's just a tragic set of circumstances."
The law has several exceptions. The gun owner isn't held responsible if a child somehow retrieves and fires a gun with a trigger lock or a gun stored in a lockbox or if a young person illegally entered a house or some other locked dwelling to access a gun.
"Clearly the law exists to remind gun owners that if they foresee children being in the same area as the firearms that they are responsible for, they need to take particular safeguards that the firearms don't fall into the hands of a child," Lovern said.
The spate of accidental shootings was one reason the city's Health Department launched a campaign in March to give away 300 free gun safety locks. The locks were provided through a partnership with the U.S. Attorney's Office and were available at the city's three health centers, Police Districts 2, 5, and 7, as well as community partners.
On Wednesday, the nonprofit WestCare Wisconsin's Youth Action Council announced it had secured 1,000 more to give away, thanks to a donation from Master Lock.
CLOSE Jaquill Wyatt with the nonprofit WestCare Wisconsin demonstrates how to use a gun safety lock. The City of Milwaukee is giving away 300 free locks at locations throughout the city, including WestCare, 335 W. Wright St. Ashley Luthern
The Youth Action Council began its "Love Up, Lock Down" campaign in December to educate young adults about the importance of firearm safety.
“These young men and women ... have been able to reach their peers and neighbors and educate them about gun safety in a way no one else could have,” said Elizabeth Coggs, WestCare Wisconsin regional vice president, in a news release.
The council will go door-to-door offering free gun locks Friday afternoon in the area of N. 36th and W. Townsend streets, where the toddler accidentally shot himself Tuesday night. They also will offer the locks this weekend at the "Heal the Hood" event on N. 10th St. and Atkinson Ave.
Read or Share this story: http://jsonl.in/2rgL8Dz
Tony DiStefano has written a piece for Catholic Phoenix entitled ” Why I Am Not A Conservative or Liberal Catholic, and Why You Shouldn't Be One, Either ,” that tries to get beyond the dividing line:
To repeat: It makes no real theological & ecclesial sense to speak of Catholics as either conservative or liberal, as these are terms dragged in from early modern political theory & fundamentally change the terms of our relationship with God, the Church, & the world if accepted without strong qualification. Rooted in a social contractarian view of social & political life, these terms imply certain anthropological doctrines that directly conflict with traditional Catholic teaching on the nature of human persons who bear the image of God & are called to live a life of self-giving love in the Church founded by Christ. For example, our political order assumes a certain view of liberty that we have come to honor without question. Free individuals freely accept the directives of the State as beneficial to their pursuit of happiness, or freely reject them in favor of others that are more respectful of freedom & its expected result, happiness. The burden is on the State to provide a system of arrangements the individual finds plausible & acceptable as honoring his status as a free man. The greatest threat to our freedom & happiness is other people, especially those who gather together under metaphysical banners & seek to deprive us of our freedom through the construction of some sort of theocracy. Happiness, we are told, requires choice & the power of self-determination, as we are first & foremost autonomous beings who need to get along with other autonomous beings, many of whom have conflicting ideas of what is needed to make us happy. Politics is thus about protection, civilization about defending ourselves against the claims of others.Freedom is, therefore, prior to all social arrangements, & the only legitimate vocation each of us has. The need to preserve individual freedom is not only my highest right & obligation, but also the chief task of the State, if genuine happiness is to be possible for the many.
Read more here
Apple's relationship with the OS X Finder has been a funny one. Since 1984, the Finder has been how Mac users interact with their files, but it's always been a bit too confusing for many users. Starting with the introduction of the Dock in OS X's first release, moving on to Spotlight in Tiger, and culminating with the addition of Launchpad in OS X Lion, Apple has long been adding alternatives to using the Finder to dig through folders.
And yet with OS X Mavericks, Apple has added features that seem positively Finder-centric. Perhaps the OS X team has simply come to terms with the fact that the Finder isn't going away, so it might as well be improved. In any event, Mavericks takes a cue from Web browsers (and decades of alternate-Finder apps such as Path Finder) by adding tabs in Finder windows. In addition, there's a new way to organize files via metadata, using the new Tags feature. It's a fine time for Finder fans, for sure.
Keep tabs on the Finder
Web browsers used to feature separate windows for every webpage. At some point, someone clever decided that window clutter was bad, and that it might be easier to allow several pages to be contained in a stack of tabs inside a single window. A revolution was born, one that, as of OS X Mavericks, has finally made it all the way to the Finder.
Tabs in the Finder work just like they do in Safari.
If all you do in the Finder is double-clicked on things, you'll never actually see a tab. Double-clicking a folder in the Finder opens it in the same window. (Apparently gone is the option to automatically open double-clicked folders in a new window—a shame, since I always preferred that setting. Would it be too much to ask to let users open folders in new windows by default if they choose? And how about a modifier key, and a contextual-menu option to open a folder in a new window?) If you want to open a folder in a new tab, hold down the Command key while double-clicking. Just as in Safari, you can also type Command-T to open a new tab manually. If you end up with a whole lot of Finder windows open, you can gather them all together as a series of tabs in one window by choosing Merge All Windows from the Window menu.
Collect all open Finder windows in tabs.
Each tab behaves like its own Finder window; you can adjust the view settings of each one accordingly, so one tab can show an icon view, another a list view, and so on.
Once you've got multiple tabs open, you can move files from one tab to another by dragging and dropping them on a tab. The process behaves just like dropping files on a folder. If you drag and drop, it'll move the file there. If you drag and hold, the tab will behave like a spring-loaded folder, and that tab will become active.
Along with support for tabs, the Finder now offers a full-screen mode. So if you're Desktop-phobic, you can shift the Finder into a single window full of tabs and use Mission Control to move into and out of it.
Even more than support for multiple monitors, the addition of tabs in the Finder seems like a feature that's destined for power users, not the masses. For readers of sites like Macworld, it's a cool productivity booster. But no regular user is ever going to command-click on a folder and discover tabs, and that's probably fine.
As for me, I'm just not sure how often I'll use Finder tabs. But I am a laptop user who sometimes has many, many Finder windows open at once. I can see the appeal of reducing window clutter by collecting all my open windows in a set of tabs. I just wish I could still opt to open all folders in new windows by default. Old habits die hard.
Tag, your files are it
Tagged icons come with circles.
Though Mavericks brings new features to the Finder, it's not as if Apple has recanted the view that users shouldn't need to dig through files and folders in order to find what they're looking for. Spotlight already makes it easy for users to find files based on their attributes or content, and with Mavericks Apple is encouraging users to categorize their files even further by using tags.
Borrowed from the world of blogging and social networking, tags form a simple, arbitrary method of categorizing information. On a blog, you might add a bunch of tags to every post to indicate its subject matter. This has the benefit of letting users quickly find all the blog posts about a particular subject.
For example, a TV blog might tag a review of the season finale of “Orphan Black” with review, Orphan Black, season finale, BBC America, and Tatiana Maslany. On that blog, clicking on any of those tags would present you with collections of similar stories: every review, or every “Orphan Black” story, or every story about BBC America. Likewise, you might add a hashtag like #sfgiants on Twitter, so that other users can see all the tweets about the San Francisco Giants.
Okay, so maybe you're not a blogger, and maybe you aren't on #teamhashtag. But you are a Mac user with lots of files. And with Mavericks, Apple wants you to consider tagging your files so that they're easier to find later. In the Finder, this involves a process that replaces colored labels (sort of). And in the Save dialog box, there's a new Tags field that strongly encourages you to add as many tags as you want to every file you create.
Finding tagged files
Why spend all this time tagging your files? Because tagged files are files that are easier to find. In the sidebar of every Finder window (and some Open dialog boxes), there's a new Tags list. Click on a tag and you'll immediately see all of the files on your Mac that have that tag. A small subset of your tags is listed by default, but if you click All Tags a second column appears that lists every tag on your Mac. And if you start typing a tag in a Finder window's search box, you'll see an option to search for files containing that tag.
Showing all files with a particular tag.
In an evolution of the old concept of colored labels, there are also ways to identify tagged files visually in the Finder. In the new Tags tab of Finder's Preferences window you can assign colors to tags (but there are only eight colors to choose from), and also choose which tags show up in the sidebar.
Colored tag circles in a list view.
The Tags tab also offers a strip of circles that you can drag and drop tags on, which apparently determines which tags appear in the Finder sidebar, the File menu, and in a contextual menu that appears when you control-click on an item in the Finder.
The new Tags tab in Preferences gives you lots of power, but can be a bit confusing.
Tags can have colors, but those are shown in the Finder slightly differently from the way labels were in the past. Labels surrounded the entire filename of a file (or its row in a list) with the appropriate color. Tag colors have a more subtle effect: A small colored circle appears next to the file's name. If the file is tagged with more than one colored tag, you'll see a stack of circles, slightly overlapping. (As a somewhat colorblind person, I found the stacked circles kind of hard to discern, but color cues like this are generally not designed for people like me.)
By the way, on Macs not running Mavericks, files tagged with colored tags behave like files with colored labels. However, if your file has more than one colored tag assigned to it, older macOS versions will only see the most recent colored tag to be applied.
Sealed with a tag
Let's start with the simplest example of adding tags to a file, namely adding them when you first save a document in an app. In every standard Save dialog box in Mavericks, there's a new Tags box immediately below the text-entry field where you name your file. To tag your file, just click in the window. First you'll be presented with a drop-down featuring common tags, as well as a Show All link to display all the tags on your Mac. You can click on items from that list to pick them, or just start typing.
Tag files right within the Save dialog box.
If you're typing a tag that already exists, a suggestion will appear below as you type. You can click on the suggestion (or just hit Return) to accept the suggestion. If you're typing a completely new tag, when you're done just select Create New Tag or type a comma—the tags interface is essentially a list of items separated by commas. This means your tags can be more than one word long, if you like.
Once you start adding tags, Mavericks remembers the tags you've previously created and offers them as autocomplete suggestions, so you're more likely to re-use existing tags rather than coin new ones.
Once your file is all tagged up, click Save. That's it. The tagging rides along with your file.
Adding tags in the Finder
So what about all those files you've already created, and the files you'll invariably save before you realize just how they should be tagged? You can also add tags to any file or folder via the Finder.
Adding tags from the Finder toolbar.
There are a few different ways to accomplish this. There's a new Tags icon on the toolbar of every Finder window, which will let you add tags to any items you've got selected. The process of adding tags there is identical to adding them via the Save box.
In addition to searching, you can also use the list of tags in the sidebar of every Finder window to tag items. Just drag items on top of one of the tags in the sidebar to add that tag to those files.
There's one other way to add tags to selected items, available via the File menu or from a contextual menu when you control-click. But this is the least appealing of all the methods, since it's basically a renamed version of the old Labels command, and only allows you to apply tags that you've already created, and then only one at a time.
Though adding tags in the Finder is a pretty easy process, it does require a lot of mousing around. I'm disappointed that there's no keyboard shortcut to bring up the tagging interface, so more keyboard-oriented users could add tags without clicking on the toolbar.
A work in progress
Some aspects of the Mavericks tag interface appear to be solid, but others are clearly a work in progress. (This is pre-release beta software, after all.) The Tags tab in the Preferences window is confusing, especially that strip of circles that you're supposed to drag and drop tags onto to make them appear in the File menu or the contextual menu. It's too bad that there are only eight colors to choose from when color-coding tags; it's a bit confusing to have more than one tag with the same color, though I suppose there are instances when you might actually want several tags to manifest the same color.
All of us have different ways of organizing our data. With tagging, Apple has provided Mac users with another organizational option. It won't be for everyone, but I'm betting that some users will embrace it wholeheartedly. Apple may have shown the Finder some love in Mavericks, but the company still clearly believes that there are better ways of organizing your data than by just tossing files inside folders.
Impossible Foods, the company behind the meatless Impossible Burger, continues to expand in the Bay Area with an new, large-scale production facility in Oakland. The facility is currently under construction, with the goal of producing one million pounds of plant-based “meat” per month —enough to serve four million Impossible Burgers— by the end of the year.
The burger mimics meat's taste mainly using heme, a molecule found in hemoglobin (a component of blood), as well as in certain plants. Potatoes are used for the crunchy exterior, and coconut oil for its fat. As a result, the burger cuts down on the negative environmental impact of raising cattle. Impossible Burger founder Pat Brown says that producing one of the burgers uses only one quarter of the water to produce a beef burger, and one twentieth the land area. The mission, says Brown, is “to replace animals globally with a system to make more nutritious, healthier foods for the world.”
In a press conference today, the company gave media a look at the space located near to the Oakland Coliseum, complete with remarks from Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf. The plant will create up to 80 jobs when in full operation, joining local food production darlings Hodo Soy and Ocho Chocolate in the job creation zone. Currently, the company also produces small amounts of the product at its headquarters in Redwood City, and in New Jersey.
Last fall the burger made its SF debut on menus at Jardiniere, and Cockscomb, and has been sneaking onto menus in Los Angeles and New York. Chef Traci Des Jardins said today that diner reactions have been extremely positive, with visitors dining at Jardiniere specifically to try the burger.
As part of their expansion announcement, the company also unveiled three new Bay Area restaurants that will serve the burgers: Kronnerburger in Oakland, Traci Des Jardins' Public House in SF, and Vina Enoteca in Palo Alto.
Here's the rundown of how the burgers will be served, and when, at each restaurant:
Kronnerburger
4063 Piedmont Ave, Oakland
What: Chef Chris Kronner is serving the Impossible Burger with vegan “cheddar mayo,” pickle, onion, and lettuce on a potato bun.
When: Lunch Wednesday through Sunday; Dinner Wednesday, Thursday, and Sunday
Public House
24 Willie Mays Plaza, San Francisco
What: Chef/partner Traci Des Jardins will serve the Impossible Burger with smoke and spice sauce, caramelized onions, and provolone cheese, on a sesame bun
When: All day
Vina Enoteca
700 Welch Rd., Palo Alto
What: Chef Rocco Scordella will serve two Impossible Burger sliders with sun-dried tomatoes, organic cavolo nero baby kale, and sun-dried tomato mayonaise on poppy seed buns. The restaurant will also offer a gin-based cocktail to pair with the sliders.
When: 5 p.m.- 9 p.m., Monday through Sunday
Royal Bank of Canada Chief Executive David McKay flattered some Bay Street reporters with rare interviews the other day, having just conducted another clinic in money making by guiding his 148-year-old institution to a record quarterly profit of $3 billion. What better time for a banker to subject herself or himself to scrutiny than amidst a flurry of zeroes?
Judging by the headlines, the scribes were either underwhelmed or uninterested by what McKay had to say about banking. He made news by talking about Toronto real estate. Not so long ago, Royal's chief executive was fairly sanguine about Canada's big-city housing bubble. “We feel good about housing,” McKay said in 2015, even as institutions such as the International Monetary Fund and the Bank of Canada warned of trouble. He now sounds uneasy. He flagged for the Financial Post a “somewhat dangerous mix of catalysts” that are pushing prices higher, including the rich international buyers that Vancouver chased away last year with a 15 per cent tax to deflate its housing bubble. “You're seeing 20 per cent house-price growth in a market where you shouldn't see that much,” McKay said of hometown. “That's concerning. That's not sustainable. Therefore, I do believe we are now at a point where we need to consider similar types of measures that we saw in Vancouver.”
McKay told the Globe and Mail almost exactly the same thing, so we should assume the intervention was planned. It surely annoyed the Toronto Real Estate Board, which on March 3 reported that the average selling price of a detached home in the Greater Toronto Area was $1.2 million in February, a 32.5 per cent increase from a year earlier. The board's president, Larry Cerqua, went on at length in a press release about how the incredible price increases have little to do with global plutocrats seeking havens, and almost everything to do with limited supply and strong demand, especially from first-time home seekers. “To date, the provincial government and municipal governments have resisted the implementation of a foreign buyer tax in the absence of empirical evidence,” Cerqua said (though on Thursday Ontario indicated it might consider a foreign buyers tax after all). Citing a recent survey of his members that suggested international buyers accounted for only 5 per cent of demand, Cerqua added that, “the solution to strong rates of price growth and related affordability concerns lies not with taxing foreign buyers more, but rather with addressing the supply of homes available for sale, or lack thereof.”
It might be fun to hold Cerqua to account; but honestly, there would be little sport in it. So let's stick with McKay, given the leaders of Canada's banking oligopoly so rarely expose themselves to scrutiny by the broader public. The Big Six is the beating heart of a financial system that favours real estate over more productive investment, such as lending to entrepreneurs. They pushed the cheap, post-crisis mortgages that have turned Canada into one of the most indebted countries in the world. There have been no shortage of studies making this point. Just this week the Basel, Switzerland-based Bank for International Settlements, or BIS, updated a series of numbers it considers indicative of financial stress. The BIS tracks four “early warning” indicators of stress in domestic banking systems, and Canada was the only country that triggered red lights in three of the four. Private credit in Canada is 17.4 per cent larger than economic output, second only to China, where debt is 26.3 per cent greater than gross domestic product. (The BIS starts to worry when the credit-to-GDP gap exceeds 10 per cent.) Canada's property prices are 11.6 per cent greater than what the BIS calculates as trend, one of the widest gaps in the world. The calculations also raise questions about whether Canada could manage a sudden increase in interest rates of just 2.5 percentage points. That's an unlikely scenario, but the BIS likes to run the numbers to gauge a country's ability to make its debt payments. Only Canada, China, and Turkey tripped the alarm.
In a rational world, the banks could be counted on to help contain the housing mania that has put Canada in this perilous situation. Before the early 1950s, Canada's biggest lenders had little interest in real estate, according to Charles Calomiris and Stephen Haber, the authors of Fragile by Design, a highly praised international history of the interplay between politics and banking. That changed after William Lyon Mackenzie King created the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corp. at the end of the Second World War to backstop the construction of new homes for returning soldiers. Nothing stirs a banker like risk-free lending. By 1954, the banks had convinced the government to change their charters so they could join the post-War building boom. In 1992, they were cleared to buy the trusts that were the initial beneficiaries of CMHC's backstop, triggering the consolidation that cemented today's oligopoly. In November 2015, the average monthly holdings of mortgages at Canada's chartered banks exceeded $1 trillion for the first time. The figure continues to climb, reaching $1.07 trillion in December, according to the Bank of Canada's most recent statistics. That's more than double what the chartered banks commit to business lending.
Indeed, the banks are clearly aware of the optics of this imbalance—on Thursday every major financial institution in the land pooled together to announce a $500 million fund to extend loans to entrepreneurs, because banks lending to new businesses is now apparently something worthy of special announcement.
Royal's stock price is about 36 per cent higher than it was a year ago, so the chief executive is doing something right. But let's not make him a hero for taking on the likes of Cerqua. Besides international buyers, McKay's list of “dangerous catalysts” includes ultra-low interest rates, limited supply, and speculators. He appears to have omitted at least one big one: himself, and his counterparts at the other big banks. By attempting to shift the spotlight to international buyers, McKay diverts attention from Bay Street's role in inflating the bubble. The banks have been loading up on mortgages, secure in the knowledge that the publicly owned CMHC will cover most of any losses. Too cynical? Let's ask McKay. You may recall hearing something about the “short Canada” investment strategy a couple of years ago. Some American investors observed what was going on in Canada and were reminded of their recent housing meltdown. They took a look at the banks' bloated mortgage portfolios and decided they could make money on bets that institutions such as Royal and Toronto-Dominion Bank were headed for trouble. And for a while the share prices of the banks suffered. In 2015, McKay went to New York with a message for Wall Street. He told an audience of finance professionals that the speculators who thought his bank would be severely hurt by a wave of defaults is missing something about the way finance works north of the border. “What we keep trying to educate is our first loss is covered by government guaranteed insurance,” he said.
That comment is one of the clearest articulations you will ever read of what economists call “moral hazard,” a situation where one party takes part in a risky transaction because he or she knows his or her losses will be covered by someone else. A subtle version of moral hazard was at work ahead of the financial crisis. The U.S. government insisted that it wouldn't bail out the banks, but no one believed it, so outfits such as Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc. carried on as if they had little to lose. Canada is different in that the moral hazard is codified in the laws and standards that guide CMHC. We just don't talk about it nearly as much as we should.
I am resisting calling McKay a hypocrite because I'm unsure he is one. His job is to make money for his shareholders, which he does exceedingly well, and he is only playing by the rules as they exist. So far, that system has avoided the periodic financial meltdowns that plague the United States. Meanwhile, CMHC has made hundreds of millions of dollars from its insurance products, and most of that money ends up in the federal treasury.
But if McKay and his counterparts in the oligopoly aren't hypocrites, they certainly are barriers to change. They have done little on their own to deflate the housing bubble, and instead call on the government to regulate prudent home-lending practices that they apparently are incapable of implementing on their own. You will hear Canadian bankers talk of the importance of financial stability, yet they routinely have engaged in price wars to maintain their shares of the mortgage market. Again, they are doing this because they bear so little of the risk. A bank executive who failed to exploit risk-free profits to the full likely would be fired.
It took years, but Ottawa may finally be on the verge of reducing the moral hazard in home lending. In October, Finance Minister Bill Morneau said he would explore changes that would require mortgage lenders to accept a greater share of the pain when mortgages default. Morneau proposed requiring lenders to pay the equivalent of a deductible, either a fixed amount or a proportion of the total loss. The Finance Department currently is holding public consultations of the matter.
The banks, of course, are pushing back. As McKay called for a Toronto tax on international homebuyers, the Canadian Bankers Association, pleaded with the government to achieve its goals in a way that wouldn't so disrupt the business models of its members. The association, which represents Royal and the other big banks, suggested allowing private mortgage insurers to buy reinsurance or allowing the banks to issue more of a type of bond that bundles home loans into single securities. These proposals might possibly reduce taxpayers' exposure to mortgage default, but they would do nothing to reduce the incentive of Canada's biggest banks to push mortgages. Will Ottawa listen to the banks' entreaties? We'll likely find out when the budget comes down March 22, but in the meantime it's worth noting that the new multi-bank backed growth fund launched this week is a political creature spawned out of a meeting between bankers and Morneau in December and has all the makings of a “sorry” for inflating the housing bubble.
Bankers such as McKay clearly are growing uneasy about the debt monster they helped to create, but not so much that they are willing to give up feeding it. The reward from inflating the housing market is still too great, while it will be the rest of us who will suffer the consequences if the bubble pops.
Hamilton and Rosberg are first and second - just like they were last season
Nico Rosberg says he has not given up hope of beating Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to the Formula 1 title going into Sunday's Russian Grand Prix.
Rosberg, who finished second to Hamilton last time out in Japan, trails the defending champion by 48 points with five races left this season.
Mercedes lead Ferrari by 169 points in the constructors' championship.
"I'm not backing down and in my mind it's not over yet," Rosberg, who is 11 points ahead of Sebastian Vettel, said.
Second-placed Rosberg has won three grands prix this season to Hamilton's eight, and added: "The gap on Lewis is quite big.
"But the way the whole team has performed this year - from the factories to the garage - has been just incredible. I have the car I need to get back to the top step."
Hamilton led Rosberg home in Russia last year to clinch the 2014 constructors' title for Mercedes.
Hello. Perhaps you've seen photos like these floating around the internet very recently:
ENHANCE:
That is Colin Kaepernick, and he's at 49ers camp wearing socks that depict little piggies wearing police hats. I am not here to tell you how to feel about the socks with the piggies wearing police hats. I am just here to tell you that the photo was taken on August 10, weeks before most of us noticed Kaepernick wasn't standing during the national anthem. Oh, and if you want to buy the socks, they're here.
Kaepernick actually wore patterned socks throughout training camp, of all different varieties:
If there's a point, it's just these two things:
1. No, Colin Kaepernick is not "now" wearing those socks (although I guess I haven't seen his socks at this very moment, so who's to say?!)
2. In more ways than one, Kaepernick was expressing his feelings about police brutality and the oppression of black people in the United States well before people started asking him about those feelings.
Since the photo of the socks got spread around, Kaepernick felt compelled to respond in an Instagram post:
A photo posted by colin kaepernick (@kaepernick7) on Sep 1, 2016 at 11:52am PDT
(h/t Niners Nation)
* * *
Criticism of Kaepernick sitting for national anthem
By George Alagiah
BBC News, Lashkar Gah, Afghanistan
When the commander of British forces in Afghanistan tells you that "good enough" is the best that can be achieved here, you have to sit up and listen. Brigadier Gordon Messenger is every inch a military man, which makes it all the more surprising to hear him settle for something that sounds suspiciously close to second best. He would deny that characterisation of his words, but accepts there are limits to the Afghanistan project. The Afghanistan British troops leave behind - and no-one is willing to commit to any timeline other than to repeat the mantra that it will take "many years" - is going to be an imperfect state. Parts of it may well remain beyond the reach of central government in Kabul, and some of those responsible for the mayhem of the last 30 years could well retain much of their power and influence, perhaps even their militia. New realism It is a far cry from the beacon of democracy some had hoped for. "I don't think it will be recognisable in Western Europe, but Afghanistan will be something which will provide good enough security for the people. I think good enough should be what we look for," the brigadier said. REPORTS FROM AFGHANISTAN You can watch George Alagiah's special TV reports on:
BBC One at 1300, 1800 and 2200 GMT BBC News Channel BBC World News You can also see more reports from our correspondents this week, including Caroline Wyatt on trauma and the military, and Ian Pannell on NATO airstrikes "It's not second best, it's realistic. "There is a new realism in the air. In fact, all that has happened is that the rhetoric is finally catching up with what is actually happening on the ground. My guess is that ordinary Afghans have known for some time that the liberation of 2001 offered more promise than delivery. While on a foot patrol with British troops in Lashkar Gah, I spoke to Javed Ameri and his brother Sharaga. Their verdict on life in Afghanistan was gloomy. Security remains an urgent concern for Afghans "It is less good now than it was five years ago," I was told. "Travelling on the roads there is no safety." And it was not just the bandits they were worried about. "At night, even the police ask for money," they said. While there has been genuine progress in retraining the Afghan National Army, the police force remains far more susceptible to local politics and is notoriously corrupt. Further down the street, doctors at the busy Ibn Sina clinic told me the Taleban - supposedly vanquished in 2001 - were targeting medics. "The government cannot give us the protection we need," one said. "Government forces and the international troops are just in the city but outside it is different." The Taleban may not rule in Kabul, but in large parts of this vast country - notably in the south - they remain a threat and retain the power to disrupt people's lives. They have largely given up the full-scale attacks on coalition positions - the assault on the outskirts of Lashkar Gah in October was stopped by a pre-emptive operation by Afghan forces and the British - and switched to attacks designed to undermine the government. Clinics are an obvious choice, especially as health care represents a genuine success story. Health care has proved to be one success story in Afghanistan According to figures published by the UN and the Kabul government, 85% of the population now have access to some form of basic health care - defined as having a clinic within two hours walking distance. It has to be said that any attempt to calibrate progress in this way is fraught with difficulties. Nobody actually knows how many people there are in the country. There has not been a census for decades and the one planned by the UN has been postponed to 2010 at the earliest. Security may be an issue. Malcontents The ultimate test of the mission in Afghanistan is the extent to which there is tangible change in the quality of life for ordinary Afghans. That is how the military mission is now defined. No-one talks about a victory over the Taleban. Indeed, the Taleban were never the only enemy. Afghanistan's fractured and violent history means there are any number of people with the power to take up arms. It is time to dismantle the insurgency by opening up a dialogue
Sir Sherard Cowper-Coles
British ambassador
In depth: Afghanistan's future The old warlords who reduced parts of this country to rubble in the 1990s, the al-Qaeda networks with sanctuary in the tribal areas of Pakistan, and criminal elements comprise an explosive mix of malcontents confronting Hamid Karzai's government in Kabul. Given that backdrop, it is not altogether surprising that many more diplomats now accept the possibility of talking to the Taleban - though there are always plenty of caveats and conditions. "It is time to signal to those prepared to accept the Afghan constitution, lay down their weapons and who are not linked to al-Qaeda that there's a place for them in an Afghan political settlement," says British ambassador Sir Sherard Cowper-Coles. "It is time to dismantle the insurgency by opening up a dialogue." So that is the prospect. Seven years after the defeat of the Taleban was being trumpeted as a victory over evil, they may once again be a part of the political landscape. That will send shivers down the spines of all those who suffered at their hands.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scott Reeder
The astonishing story of how the nation's two largest hunting and fishing specialty stores convinced small town America to pay for their expansions.
BOSSIER CITY, LA – When Bill Winkler opened his small archery shop, he was prepared to compete against businesses large and small – but not against a government-financed competitor. "The day Bass Pro opened here in Bossier, the number of arrows I sold dropped off by 50 percent," says Winkler. A Bass Pro Shop opened in Bossier City in 2005 after city officials promised to give the retailer $38 million to pay for the construction of the 106,000-square-foot store in this Red River community. Such deals are commonplace. Both Bass Pro Shops and its archrival, Cabela's, sell hunting and fishing gear in cathedral-like stores featuring taxidermied wildlife, gigantic fresh-water aquarium exhibits and elaborate outdoor reproductions within the stores. The stores are billed as job generators by both companies when they are fishing for development dollars. But the firms' economic benefits are minimal and costs to taxpayers are great.
An exhaustive investigation conducted by the Franklin Center for Government and Public Integrity found that the two competing firms together have received or are promised more than $2.2 billion from American taxpayers over the past 15 years. "Retail is not economic development. People don't suddenly have more money to spend on hip waders because a new Bass Pro or Cabela's comes to town," says Greg Leroy, executive director of Good Jobs First, a non-partisan economic development watchdog group based in Washington, D.C. "All that happens is that money spent at local mom-and-pop retailers shifts to these big box retailers. When government gives these big box stores tax dollars, they are effectively picking who the winners and losers are going to be." Numbers don't always tell the whole story, counters Larry Whitely, a spokesman for Bass Pro Shops, a privately held company based in Springfield, Missouri. Whitley argues the stores should be viewed as an amenity being added to a community -- much like one might view a park or a library. "These aren't just stores – they are natural history museums," he says. "Every store is designed to reflect the unique natural environment of the area in which it is located." He adds that often a Bass Pro store is an anchor development that attracts additional retailers. Then again, the amount of tax dollars that have been poured into these two companies would be enough to purchase every man, woman and child in the United States their own fishing pole.
Typically, these stores are financed through familiar economic development schemes like tax increment financing districts. Basically, a city borrows money by selling bonds on Wall Street and then pays off the debt with the increase in property or sales taxes generated in that TIF district. The Franklin Center filed hundreds of state open records requests with cities, counties, economic development authorities and state governments seeking copies of development agreements both firms have entered into. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... After analyzing the development agreements, state audits, bond issues, development studies and local news accounts the Franklin Center found: Cabela's has received $551 million in local and state assistance during the past 15 years.
Bass Pro Shops received $1.3 billion in local and state assistance during the same period.
The federal government helped ensure liquidity for Cabela's' credit card division by providing $400 million in financing for the purchase of the company's securitized debt. Both firms have a history of targeting rural or smaller suburban communities and negotiating deals that involve extensive borrowing on the part of the municipality to build a store. In fact, Bass Pro Shops often pays comparably little toward the construction of its own stores. While this sometimes is the case with Cabela's, its development schemes tend to involve elaborate agreements that include massive outlays for public spectacles in the midst of the retail setting. Town Gets the Goat For example, state and local taxpayers borrowed $60 million to build a Cabela's store and its supporting infrastructure in Buda, Texas. For that amount, every household in the 7,600-person community could have purchased a new 2012 Lexus CT Hybrid. The Buda City Council even agreed to take the town's name off its water tower and replace it with the word "Cabela's." But government largess didn't end there. The Texas Parks and Wildlife Commission provided Guadalupe bass, the official state fish, for the store's massive aquarium at no charge to the retailer. In one of the more bizarre aspects of its agreement an economic development corporation established by Buda owns about 20 percent of the 185,000-square-foot store and one-third of the land on which it stands. Which means that a 30-foot artificial mountain, with taxidermied mountain goats and other wildlife, a 60,000-gallon, fresh-water aquarium and an exhibit of life-size African game animals all fall under the public ownership umbrella. Reportedly, Cabela's will save $4 million in property taxes over the next 20 years because those non-revenue generating areas of the Buda store are publicly owned. This, of course, deprives the city of potential revenue and gives the store an advantage over competitors.
This type of public ownership of store amenities is a standard part of many of the development agreements Cabela's enters into in communities ranging from Hamburg, Pennsylvania, to Mitchell, South Dakota. The retailer's stuffed animal displays and aquariums are labeled as "museums" and its showrooms for used firearms are now called "gun libraries" as a sort of legal fig leaf to justify public ownership of the retailer's amenities. "It's almost like they are out to take advantage of the rubes,” says Michael Hicks, an economist at Ball State University in Muncie, Indiana. "Often these small town city councils aren't the most sophisticated in analyzing an economic development proposal." Convincing politicians that the store will be a tourist mecca is a critical part of Cabela's' and Bass Pro's spiel, says Stacy Mitchell, author of Big Box Swindle. "When they go to these city councils they want to convince them that people will travel hundreds of miles just to shop at that store. They want them to believe it's not just a store, it's a tourist attraction," says Mitchell. "But just look at a map – these stores are everywhere. Why would you travel to one of these stores, if there is one in your hometown?" (Maps of Cabela's and Bass Pro Shops can be seen here and here). Such was the argument former South Carolina Governor Mark Sanford made first to the state legislature and then to the voters in 2006. Sanford engaged in a battle with his state's legislature over whether to provide incentives for Cabela's to build a store in North Charleston. Cabela's officials made claims of the store becoming a major tourist draw that defied credulity, he says.
In order to believe Cabela's claims, one has to accept that people would bypass similar Bass Pro stores in places like Myrtle Beach, South Carolina; Savannah, Georgia; Lawrenceville, Georgia; and Concord, North Carolina, to travel to North Charleston to shop at the proposed store. “It was completely unrealistic given the number of existing stores that are out there,” Sanford says. In 2006, Sanford vetoed legislation passed by the South Carolina legislature that gave Cabela's a 50-percent break on sales and income taxes. But the legislature overrode Sanford's veto. At that point, Sanford led a grassroots campaign against the Cabela's subsidies. "We don't think it makes sense for any number of family-owned and smaller businesses that have been paying taxes in South Carolina for a long time to now be called on to subsidize a loss in their sales," Sanford wrote in a letter to dozens of outdoor sporting goods stores. "I would appreciate you making your voice heard if you think this proposal should not stand." Sanford also sent letters with a similar message to the Cabela's CEO. Eventually, the retailer backed away from building in South Carolina. Under the Gun So why are politicians so willing to subsidize Cabela's or Bass Pro Shops? The appeal appears to be cultural and political as well as economic. "This is a God-fearing, gun-loving part of the country," Sanford says. "People here feel passionately about the Second Amendment. The message I have is that we have an even more important tradition in this country called free enterprise. We need to fight to preserve it." Art Rolnick, former chief economist for the Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank, compares small-town efforts to attract these retailers to that of major cities building stadiums and arenas for professional sports teams. Often it is done as a matter of civic pride or for bragging rights rather than as a matter of sound economic policy, he says.
In fact, Ball State economist Hicks studied the economic impact of seven Cabela's stores that opened between 1998 and 2003 and found that despite millions of dollars in economic development incentives given to the retailer, there had been no net gain in jobs detected in the communities one year after the stores opened. "It's not like folks suddenly have more money to spend on hip waders once a Cabela's opens up. What generally happens is that instead of buying those hip waders from an independent business, they go to big box store," says Leroy of Good Jobs First. Both Cabela's and Bass Pro have become extraordinarily adept at getting taxpayers to pay not only for the bricks and mortar of their stores but some esoteric related attractions: An 18-acre lake – with a waterfall – was paid for with part of the $70.6 million in taxpayer subsidies provided for a Bass pro development in Independence, Missouri.
An indoors cypress swamp will be created in Memphis as part of the $215 million taxpayers are contributing toward the renovation of the Pyramid Arena into a Bass Pro Shop. This includes money the city plans to spend to provide supporting infrastructure for the building.
A boardwalk, a town square and street improvements were part of the $150 million in tax dollars used for a development in Branson, Missouri, where a Bass Pro is the anchor tenant.
Stuffed animals have been purchased with millions of dollars in public funds to adorn numerous Cabela's stores in communities ranging from Lehi, Utah, to Buda, Texas, to Hamburg, Pennsylvania. These development deals are not without risks to the communities that enter into them. Bass Pro defaulted on its bonds for its development in Olathe, Kansas. In Independence, Missouri, the city even guaranteed the bonds and Bass Pro defaulted anyway, leaving the city to shell out $3.5 million to cover a payment last year on the project.
In both of those communities, the bond payments were tied to sales taxes generated by the Bass Pro Shop stores. When sales fell below the projected levels, there wasn't enough money to pay off the bonds. Paul Woodall is a Birmingham, Alabama, lawyer who specializes in economic development and who was hired by the city of Leeds, Alabama, to redraft a development agreement for a Bass Pro project. The city of Leeds, he says, was left vulnerable by the way the original development agreement was drafted because the bonds were backed by the full faith and credit of the city. Bass Pro is more covetous of municipal subsidies than other retailers, Woodall says. "These stores come into rural and suburban communities that don't have a lot going for them and convince them that they can put them on the map. Many retailers who enter development agreements want to share sales tax revenues. But in the case of Bass Pro, they want it all," he says. Cabela's Chief Financial Officer Ralph Castor says the construction of one of its "destination retail" stores can cause people to change their shopping habits by getting them to cross a city line or even a state border. He notes that Cabela's' store in Wheeling, West Virginia, attracts customers from Pennsylvania and Ohio. But the city of Wheeling abuts the Ohio border and is only 11 miles from the Pennsylvania state line. Castor concedes that it is a matter of debate whether municipal or state retail subsidies benefit the U.S. economy as a whole. Cabela's' own data indicates the customer base of its stores primarily is people living in the communities where the stores are located. The firm's Reno store is its most successful at being a true destination retailer. Two-thirds of that store's customers come from a two-hour radius of Reno, Castor says. CityFixer Solutions for an Urbanizing World Go "I think part of it is that California has really tough gun laws but Reno is nearby so people go there to shop," he says. Cabela's has begun to rethink its strategy, which has reaped it hundreds of millions of dollars in incentives from small towns across the nation. Castor says Cabela's has not ruled out accepting more local subsidies – if a good deal were presented to them by a community. But the company's leadership has reconsidered the wisdom of accepting incentives. "We have come to the conclusion that the places that are most likely to offer incentives are the places we are least likely to want to build," Castor says. "People want to come to your stores for excellent customer service and quality merchandise. The taxidermy displays may attract them the first couple times but they will keep coming back for the other." All images, of a Cabela's in La Vista, Nebraska, by Scott Reeder.
When you first hear about a fellow academic or receive an email from a person you do not know, what do you do? How do you try to find out basic information about such a person? There is a good chance that you do an online search. Then, you likely click on one of the top results returned by the search engine. You look for information that will give you details about the person's background, interests, education, papers, conference presentations, or at minimum their affiliation and the focus of their work.
This approach is likely increasingly common among fellow academics. When members of a department with a position opening informally pass around the names of potential candidates – yes, informal conversations about prospective applicants happen in the hallways of departments posting jobs – they may well use this method to find material they can share about up-and-coming scholars of interest. Were someone to do a search on your name online, what would they find? Would they find a helpful page with material that would convey why you are a desirable candidate?
Or would they be left browsing LinkedIn profiles of people who share your name? Would they be confused by the nonacademic information linked to your name that may or may not be desirable information to future employers? In the end, would they be left to their own devices to summarize your accomplishments in their effort to convince their colleagues that you are worthy of attention as a viable candidate? The point of this article is to make the case that everybody in this scenario is better off if there is a website out there clearly about you showcasing your achievements and credentials (although this piece of advice does assume that you have relevant achievements to showcase).
Have you searched on your name online? If not then you should do so immediately and get in the habit of doing so every few months. While some discussions put a negative twist on so-called vanity searches, in this day and age, it is crucial to have a sense of what shows up when one queries your name. When you do such searches, be sure to try different services (Google, Bing) and do so while being logged out of any related accounts (e.g., Gmail). The reason is that search engines like Google personalize their results based on information they infer about the searcher. Accordingly, what a search engine shows you when you query your name may not be the same results list that someone from another geographical location with a different search and browsing history will see. To that end, it is also helpful if you try the search on someone else's machine (consider a trip to a library). For a neutral system that does not personalize results at all, give Duckduckgo a try.
If the content that comes up in the top results – the upper half of the first page of results – is not material about you or is not content you control then you should start taking a more active role in managing your online presence, and in particular, in creating a website dedicated to your academic work. If your institution provides such a service (more common for faculty than graduate students) then make sure your content on that page is up to date. The challenge of institutional pages is that faculty rarely have direct control over the content that is on them and they cannot always be updated seamlessly and in a timely manner. So even if your university has a page up about you, you may consider creating your own site so that you can update it with some regularity and control what is on it more directly. Of course, not everybody has the technical know-how to create a site. Some services out there can help with this, from Wordpress to About.me, helping you populate the site with content without having to know how to code Web pages.
The pages that come up first when searching for our names give plenty of information for those interested in our professional work and identities. Eszter maintains eszter.com, which prominently displays information about recent updates, upcoming talks, a brief bio as well as links to an updated C.V., her research, and press coverage. Brayden relies on his university's website to signal his areas of expertise, share his C.V., showcase his research and teaching, point to press clippings, and provide contact information. Subsequent search engine results on our names link to our social media presence and blog writing as well as other content covering our areas of interest.
If you do not have a website but one of the top results to a search on your name is a link to one of your accounts on a social network site such as Twitter or LinkedIn then that may be sufficient, but you need to make sure that the content on the site is the type that would be helpful to potential employers and grant makers. Twitter is unlikely to be able to provide the kind of detailed information about your research that would be helpful to potential employers, although it may signal to a reader your intellectual interests and activities. If it is one of the top links in response to a search on your name, then make sure that it links to a professional page with a copy of your C.V. (services such as Academia.edu and Scribd offer free options for hosting such files to which you can link elsewhere). (In a future piece focusing specifically on appropriate and helpful uses of social media, we will say more on what type of Twitter and other social network site uses may be best from a career perspective.)
If one of the top results is a page you control then you are in good shape, but you still cannot rest on your laurels. The Web is a dynamic space with content changing all the time. The first result today may not be the first result tomorrow so even if your content is in a prominent spot at the moment, you need to continue staying active in updating your online presence to make sure it stays that way. After all, other people – not just in academe, but in the world at large – may share your name and may be putting out content online that would compete with yours for a top search result spot.
In addition to updating your account's content, you can also help the page gain or hold onto a prominent spot on the list by posting links to it elsewhere on the Web. For example, Twitter accounts have short bios that leave room for a link. Post the address of your site there. LinkedIn and Facebook also allow for this and even more customizable services like Tumblr and blogging software (e.g., Wordpress, Blogger) offer various opportunities to connect your name with your website address. While search engines' algorithms are proprietary and tightly sealed industry secrets so we cannot know what exactly plays into how they rank sites, traditionally link text associated with an address helps in attracting attention.
Where your page shows up among search results is not simply about what you do online, it is also about how unique your name may be as compared to a combination of popular first and last names. In the latter case, consider using your middle initial or middle name regularly (both online and off) to help people find you without too much effort. If you use of your middle name in queries is a more realistic way to get your content on the top of search results then make sure your middle name is prominent on your C.V. and publications so that people are prompted to use that when looking to learn about you.
As with other things – like figuring out how to present material on your C.V. – take a look at other academics' sites to get a sense of what type of presentation will be most helpful to your readers. When you look for other scholars on the Web, what material are you seeking? Presumably you would like to get a sense of their research, their training, their teaching (e.g., looking for example syllabuses). Construct your site with similar ideas in mind. The academic C.V. is one of the quickest ways to convey information about yourself. Make sure it or a link to it is prominently displayed on your site so that visitors do not have to hunt for it.
As you consider what you say about yourself on your site, think of it as more than a calling card – it is your chance to shape people's evaluations of your work. What do you want people to remember about you? What do you hope to be known for? That information should be visible and prominent on your page. More than just serving as a place to store your contact information, your website is a representation of who you are as a scholar. Be thoughtful as you decide how to describe your research interests because people who are relatively unfamiliar with your work will form their initial impressions about you and what makes you interesting based on what they read. Simple things like keywords not only shape who visits your site (e.g., Google searches for certain keywords may bring people to your page) but also how they classify your work and evaluate its quality. As you display information about yourself, remember that you are not just reporting who you are, you are framing your work so that others can understand you and figure out why you are a scholar worthy of attention and respect. And do include some contact information for those who want to follow up with you. After all, if someone wants to invite you to give a talk you do not want to make it difficult for them.
This is a course of 25 short webcasts (about 12-20 minutes apiece), designed both to capture what I do in my regular semester-long valuation class and to supplement my books on valuation. With each session, you can download slides for that session and a post-class test to go with it (and solutions). If you have my book, the relevant sections of the book are highlighted. The first part is the webcast related to the class and the second part are tools webcasts, designed to help you apply the concepts to real companies. The class webcasts are on YouTube and you will need to be online, to watch them. The in-practice webcasts are downloadable to your computer or device and can be watched at your convenience. I have also created a version of this class on iTunes U, and you can get to that class by clicking here.
Class Webcasts
Valuation Tools
While it is nice to talk about the big picture of valuation , and I do, in my classes, it is the nuts and bolts issues that trip us up. In this section, I will be posting webcasts that can help you navigate some of these nuts and bolts questions.
On the heels of the Supreme Court's decision to hear its first-ever same-sex marriage cases, Justice Antonin Scalia is not only defending his legal writings and “moral feelings” against homosexuality—he's digging himself into an even deeper hole.
“If we cannot have moral feelings against homosexuality, can we have it against murder? Can we have it against other things?” Scalia said Monday at Princeton University, in response to a gay student's question about why Scalia equates laws banning sodomy with those barring bestiality and murder.
The student, freshman Duncan Hosie of San Francisco, was referring to Scalia's dissent in Lawrence v. Texas (2003), in which the Court struck down Texas' sodomy law and made same-sex activity legal across the country.
In his dissent, Scalia wrote that if the Court was no longer prepared to uphold laws based on moral choices as it had in previous cases, then “state laws against bigamy, same-sex marriage, adult incest, prostitution, masturbation, adultery, fornication, bestiality, and obscenity” could be called into question.
Murder gets no mention in Scalia's laundry list of immoral activities. So why draw the comparison now?
Scalia qualified his statement yesterday, saying he was not equating sodomy with murder but drawing a parallel between the bans on both, as legislative bodies can ban what they believe to be immoral.
Then he added: “I'm surprised you aren't persuaded.”
It's not the first time Scalia has voiced his opinion on homosexuality. His method of interpreting the Constitution—he calls himself a “textualist,” because he interprets the words in the Constitution as they were meant at the time they were written—makes certain Court decisions “easy,” he said in October.
“The death penalty? Give me a break. It's easy. Abortion? Absolutely easy. Nobody ever thought the Constitution prevented restrictions on abortion. Homosexual sodomy? Come on. For 200 years, it was criminal in every state,” Scalia said at the American Enterprise Institute.
Though the Supreme Court's outlawing of anti-sodomy laws in 2003 seemed to be a step toward increasing gay rights, the Court did not declare homosexual sodomy a “fundamental right” in that case—a point Scalia makes in his Lawrence v. Texas dissent, and one he could argue again in the upcoming Defense of Marriage Act and Proposition 8 appeals.
Earlier this week news hit that Warner Bros. was having difficulties with their ad campaign, due to the special effects, for the upcoming Green Lantern movie, as we are about three months out, and all we have so far is the so-so first trailer.
Then we learned that Michael Clarke Duncan most likley will voice Kilowog and that Oscar Award winner, Geoffrey Rush, will voice Tomar-Re.
The big buzz this weekend coming out of the WonderCon, being held in San Francisco, is the nine minutes of footage Warner Bros. released from the Green Lantern movie.
Turns out it was so well received that Warner Bros. has released four minutes of it.
Check it out!
Updated: Two TV spots have been released.
The Green Lantern movie opens in theaters June 17th, 2011 starring Ryan Reynolds as Hal Jordan, Blake Lively as Carol Ferris, Peter Sarsgaard as Hector Hammond, Mark Strong as Sinestro and Temuera Morrison as Abin Sur.
Head on over to the Cosmic Book News Green Lantern Movie Hub for more news, images and trailers.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) in the US has launched an investigation into Harley-Davidson after receiving 43 complaints of the braking system on the motorcycles failed without warning. The inquiry includes 4.3 lakh units of Harley bikes from across the country that were manufactured between 2008 to 2011 and feature Anti-Lock Braking System (ABS). While the safety feature is intended to improve stopping power especially under hard or emergency braking; in this case riders completely lost braking control over their motorcycles that resulted in several crashes or close shaves.
According to NHTSA's report, riders complained of sudden brake failure without any warning. At least three crashes and two injuries were reported due to the sudden brake failure, while numerous riders mentioned in their complaints that major accidents were narrowly avoided. Riders complained that the front brake hand lever or the rear brake foot pedal suddenly would not work. One complaint alleged that both brakes failed at the same time, resulting in a low-speed crash in a garage door.
Harley-Davidson bikes need to get their brake fluid replaced every two years to avoid the issue. In this case, the owners were either unaware or ignored the directive to replace the fluid, which led to the loss of braking performance. Essentially, the old fluid becomes contaminated by moisture and allegedly corrodes the ABS actuator valves. This results in the brakes failing to respond. That said, complete loss of braking power without warning does remain is a major concern. Harley-Davidson nevertheless, is aware of the situation and is cooperating with the investigators, the company said in a statement.
There has been no clarity yet if the models sold overseas have also been by the braking issues. Some of Harley's uber premium models make it to India via the CBU route and it needs to be seen if the company will check its models in the country as well for a possible braking issue. The iconic American bike maker made its foray into the country back in 2009, and has been one of the most successful global players in the premium motorcycle space. While the company sells most of its global lineup in India, a major chunk of its sales, the larger chunk of its volumes come from the locally manufactured and most affordable Street 750
For the latest auto news and reviews, follow CarAndBike on Twitter, Facebook, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.
Amazon.com is in the headlines again because it started Sunday package deliveries in several large cities. This offering follows the company's recent strategic decision to offer same day delivery to most US addresses. As a part of this strategy, the company is drastically increasing the number of warehouses all around the US.
We are all accustomed to new offerings from Amazon.com: in fact, since its inception in 1995, Amazon has fundamentally changed its business model several times. Back then, Amazon's operation was organized around a “sell all, carry few” business model: while offering more than a million books it actually stocked only about 2,000. The remaining titles were sourced through several arrangements but predominantly by “drop-shipping”: Amazon simply forwarded customer orders to book wholesalers or publishers, who then shipped the products directly to consumers using Amazon's packaging materials and labels.
As the scale of Amazon's operations grew, its catchment area became larger than that of many publishers or distributors, who, it turns out, were not that good at shipping goods to individual consumers. And as online retail matured, it became harder to dominate the space based on product selection alone. Although Amazon was still ahead of brick-and-mortar retailers in the breadth of the selection — in many categories, not just books — other Internet retailers adopted variants of drop-shipping and were able to offer similarly wide and deep stockless product availability.
All of these advances led to a reversal of the “sell all, carry few” business model, which morphed into “sell all, carry more.” This is when Amazon drastically expanded the number of warehouses to more than 10 around year 2000 and started stocking most products that it sold. The focus shifted to a business model built around excellent delivery performance and efficient logistics. Customers were amazed at how quickly their orders arrived on the doorstep.
Amazon did not stop reinventing its business model here. In 2006 it went further and unveiled a program called Fulfillment by Amazon, whereby independent sellers could use Amazon's warehouse network to fill orders and delegate to Amazon their logistics-related decisions.
Under this new model, Amazon essentially became a wholesaler of goods sold by many much smaller virtual storefronts. What the distributors and publishers, in the aggregate, were to Amazon in its early days, now Amazon was to the participants in its fulfillment-for-hire program. What used to be outsourced became the core proposition and strength.
Amazon's recent decision to further develop its fulfillment capabilities (by spending close to $14 billion to build about 50 new warehousing facilities) to bring a large fraction of the US population in the same day delivery catchment area reflects that, for Amazon, the Internet retail model has now come full circle.
The moral that we draw from this tale is that smart businesses like Amazon.com develop ways of constantly questioning what they do. Business models and the advantages that flow from them are transient. What is a competitive strength today might be a burden tomorrow. From the time he founded the company, Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos was aware that its business model might become outdated. The need to counteract the effects of growth-induced stagnation and confront irrelevance of existing business models was thus embedded in Amazon's DNA.
If only more companies would do the same. Top managers spend countless hours analyzing the financial statements of their company; they would be well advised to do the same with their business model. This isn't going to be easy, especially for young companies; it takes real brass to turn against the founder's wisdom. But Amazon teaches us that a company can't afford to sentimentalize the icons of its past: it needs to be disciplined about challenging and breaking its existing business models.
(Reuters) - A champion of women's rights, Joyce Banda has become the first female head of state in southern Africa after taking over as Malawi's president following the death of Bingu wa Mutharika.
Malawian President Joyce Banda addresses a media conference in the capital Lilongwe April 7, 2012. Banda has become first female head of state in southern Africa after taking over as Malawi's president following the death of Bingu wa Mutharika. REUTERS/Mabvuto Banda
As vice-president, the mother of three assumed the top job in the landlocked and impoverished country on Saturday under the terms of the constitution.
The 61-year-old cuts a maternal figure that presents a stark contrast to her professorial predecessor, who styled himself the “Economist in Chief”.
A winner of national and international awards for her work as a supporter of women's rights, Banda was last year named by Forbes Magazine as Africa's third most powerful female politician after Liberian President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Nigerian Minister of Finance Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala.
She will hope her influence stands her in good stead as she looks to rebuild ties with Malawi's main foreign donors - including former colonial power Britain and the United States - who had squabbled with and been alienated by Mutharika.
Until now the policeman's daughter has spent a lot of her time and energy campaigning on behalf poor rural African women, trying to persuade them they should not simply accept the existence they have inherited.
She has said her ambition is to set women on the world's least developed continent free from the cycle of poverty and abuse that has haunted them for centuries.
In an interview late last year, she cited the case of a childhood friend in her ancestral village as one reason she has kept on campaigning.
She said her friend, much brighter than herself, was forced to leave high school after just one term because her family couldn't afford the $12 needed for the school fees.
“I went on to go to college and I became the vice president of Malawi. She is still where she was 30 years ago,” Banda said in the interview with the Global Post.
“The vicious cycle of poverty kept her there and took away her options. I made up my mind at that point, whatever would happen in my life, I would try to send girls to schools.”
EXPERIENCE IN GOVERNMENT
This personal pledge was behind Banda's decision to complete a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Early Childhood Education from Columbus University in the United States.
Setting up a garment manufacturing business and later a bakery, she said she used the proceeds to send underprivileged girls to school.
She also founded three major organisations in Malawi: the National Association of Business Women, the Young Women's Leaders Network, and the Joyce Banda Foundation.
“We know that early marriage, early pregnancy, and early death of young women in childbirth are connected to how long they stay in school,” she says.
The campaigning for women's rights did not stop when she joined the government in 2004. As Minister of Gender, Child Welfare and Community Services she fought to get a domestic violence bill enacted.
She became Minister of Foreign Affairs in 2006 and the country's first female vice president in 2009.
A year later Banda was kicked out of the ruling Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) as Mutharika pushed to groom his brother Peter, Malawi's foreign minister, as his replacement.
Creating her own People's Party, Banda maintained her state position as vice president.
She is married to Richard Banda, a former chief justice of Malawi and Swaziland.
Banda's presidency seems set to usher in a fresh opportunity for Malawi, and many will be hoping that under her leadership the small southern African state can reclaim its tourist brochure reputation as “The Warm Heart of Africa”.
Share 0 SHARES
NEIGHBOURS smoking cannabis in their own home is one of the country's biggest problems right now and causes a range of social issues, including homelessness, poor quality health care, low minimum wage, the housing crisis and encourages corruption in State-run entities. So what action can you take?
Luckily we have put together this unique article you won't find anywhere else which has not been in any way sponsored by anyone with an agenda against cannabis.
Is it legal for people to smoke cannabis in their own home?
Absolutely not. No matter if you own your home or rent it, you're not allowed avail of this naturally occurring plant that has proven health benefits because the government and its pharmaceutical partners don't get any revenue from it – revenue they can later avoid paying little or no tax on. Personal decisions on what you do with your body, and what you put into it, were made illegal years ago in Ireland for your own good as you are incapable of making your own decisions. Just obey this rule and you won't be put in jail longer than a child rapist. Good citizen.
If I call the Gardaí, will my neighbours find out it was me who ratted them out?
Of course not. An Garda Síochána is a tight knit institution devoid of any corruption or malice and has a glowing reputation when it comes to keeping their mouth shut… when needed. The Gardaí are the most sophisticated police force in Ireland, unrivalled in their field. Your pothead neighbours will just think it's all down to bad luck that their home got raided, just as they were putting their kids to bed ahead of school the next day. You go right ahead there and make that call, you champion of the people, you. Rat those bastards out.
What will happen to my neighbours if the Gardaí are informed?
Who cares, they're criminals. Think about all the damage they're doing if you don't call the Guards; generating revenue for weird YouTube videos about ancient aliens, playing Fifa 17 throughout the night, eating tonnes and tonnes of sugary and savoury snacks. You're doing them a favour by ratting them out. With a bit of luck they'll be all over the courts section of the local newspapers next week for the whole neighbourhood to see. And if they're renting, hopefully lose their home, job, and have their kids taken off them and sent to one of Ireland's flawless foster care homes. Sentences for offenders can range from anything up to ten years in prison, or five times the sentence for white collar crimes in Ireland.
NOTE: it is illegal to rat out wealthy neighbours who may be involved in politics, finance or the judicial system, so check social status first.
In tomorrow's edition: Soundproofing Your Home From Your Abusive Alcoholic Neighbours
Context Graph: It's time to bring context back to the web
Nick Nguyen Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 6, 2016
The largest button on a modern browser is the back button. Trips to the web are short. Enter a search, get a result, click back, then try again. This feels backwards (forgive the pun!). What if there was a better forward button? One that helps you understand a topic better or find alternative solutions to a problem you're solving? What if web browsers were immediately useful instead of demanding input when you launched them? Browsers could do so much more, through a better understanding of your behavior and by using the experience of people at human-scale to give you content that enriches your life, regardless of whom you know or where you live.
The web today is like an old growth forest, with little light hitting the ground, and well-worn paths to specific points of interest. It is a tough environment for new ideas that try to improve on existing ones. Incumbents now have the power to spend their competition out of existence. Tall trees block the sun from the ground, making it all but impossible for new things to grow in between. This pushes growth to the edges and makes the continuous improvement that is the result of competition all but impossible. The result- less biodiversity in the web ecosystem.
The trees are tall because scale has value. Facebook login is convenient. Google's services are broad and capable. Tall trees are great — for tall trees. What concerns us is the long term impact of a world where a small number of companies dominate the web for discovery and services, and the leverage that creates. In this world of tall trees the only path for new ideas requires either payment or acquisition, either of which tend to cost a lot of money.
New ideas are like sunlight, opening our eyes to possibilities and alternative futures. With sunlight new ideas can grow and flourish, increasing biodiversity. We want light to hit the ground on the forest of the web so that new ideas can flourish and the quality of an idea and its execution play a larger role in its success.
The early web was like a meadow- with meandering paths that people explored, with less of an expectation of utility and a higher expectation of surprise and delight. We think a healthier web has a meadow at the base of the trees. Today's web can be both useful and magical.
We aim to do this by building the recommender system for the web. We're calling this effort the Context Graph. We're calling it this because we believe that developing an understanding of browser activity at scale unlocks the next generation of web discovery on the internet. For instance, if you're learning about how to do something new, like bike repair, our forward button should help you learn bike repair based on others who have taken the same journey. This should work regardless of whom you're connected to, because your social network shouldn't be a prerequisite for getting the most from the web.
Using context to get you what you want on mobile is especially important. Who wants to type on a tiny screen? What if we did more to bring the right web page to you on your mobile device? Beyond just your history, we could use your location to return the most useful websites for where you are in the world. Wikipedia articles, company pages, and URLs emitted from Bluetooth beacons are all fair game. Do these features have to be in our browser, or can we bring the best version of the mobile web in every browser? We aim to build apps that are intended to help us quickly learn the right path. The light we want to set free need not be trapped in traditional form factors or applications, just as the web itself is evolving rapidly to support entirely new uses and platforms.
Activity Stream is the first Context Graph feature, currently available in Test Pilot. Initially a much better way to get you to where you've been, it will evolve into also helping you discover places on the web you've never seen. We're building it for both desktop and mobile platforms, and we will continue to do this by building our new products on all the platforms that our users spend time on today.
We will not sacrifice user control. The best products today use their understanding of user behavior to make them better. Firefox, because of who we are and what we stand for, is uniquely suited to build this understanding. We're working on how we can collect data with a group of volunteer users so that we can start building experimental systems for making contextual recommendations. We also believe there is no necessary trade off to be made between user control and personalization, and we will prove that these products are achievable without violating user trust or privacy. We will work to make sure our users understand what they're sharing and the value they get in return. True to our open heritage, our methods will be open for scrutiny by anyone.
Just like when we launched Firefox 1.0 in 2004, there is no guarantee that we'll be successful. But we exist to fight for the web, its users, and the ideas that we hope will continue to flourish and spread online for many years to come. Tackling the Context Graph is the perfect challenge for Firefox because it is one that nobody else will. We'll do this in the only way we know how — by being open and getting help and advice from anyone who wants to contribute. Firefox has had enormous impact because it lowers the barriers to participation on the web. In order for us to serve our mission to keep the web an open public resource, we're going to do more to help the web.
We're going to build a new meadow and open up many new paths for light between the trees, to illuminate all the hidden trails that people would love to find. We hope you'll come along for this next chapter and grand adventure. Let's build that forward button that the web and its users really deserve.
The New York Times has described Michael Goldfarb, the 32-year-old founder of conservative site Washington Free Beacon as an "all-around anti-liberal provocateur,"a "hawkish magnet of liberal scorn" who is "known as a flamethrower on both sides of the aisle;" a man who revels in this reputation so much that he identifies himself as a cudgel. The most recent controversy that Goldfarb's stirred up? Digging up a report of questionable merit that eventually led to the Senate Republicans filibustering the defense secretary nomination of former Sen. Chuck Hagel.
As the Times explains, Goldfarb has made a career out of controversy:
Advertisement:
"Often working with money from major Republican donors, most of whom have preferred anonymity, Mr. Goldfarb has been in the middle of nearly every major partisan dispute of Mr. Obama's presidency — over Iran, Israel, terrorism policy and now Mr. Hagel and guns. For a time, Mr. Goldfarb worked as a communications strategist to the leading bêtes noires of liberals, the billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch."
Goldfarb, a Princeton grad, began his career as a receptionist at The Weekly Standard, but lost no time in pursing his mission to upend the liberal media. His work soon caught the attention of Sen. John McCain's strategists, who hired him “to attack the press,” as he described it to the Columbia Journalism Review.
One of Goldfarb's previous targets, liberal writer Lee Fang, posited, “I think he's just out to hurt people."
But Goldfarb doesn't take his attacks seriously. The New York Times explains, "As he tells it, he is simply trying to have fun while practicing his admittedly combative brand of politics — the humor of which, he said, his liberal critics are too self-serious to get."
“We're true believers, but we're also troublemakers, and if you look at the work we do, a lot of it has a sense of humor,” Goldfarb told the Times. His site has one major mission: "We get up every day and say, how do we cause trouble?” he says.
An old roommate and associated editor at Harper's Magazine, Christopher Beha, said of Goldfarb, “He relished the fact that he had a viewpoint that wasn't everybody else's viewpoint — he was not above saying things solely for being provocative."
August 28, 2015 – The Charlotte Hornets announced their eight-game 2015-16 preseason schedule today, which is highlighted by the team's participation in the NBA Global Games China. As a part of the event, Charlotte will play two preseason exhibition games against the Los Angeles Clippers, one in Shenzhen and one in Shanghai.
The preseason opens with back-to-back road games: Saturday, Oct. 3 at the Orlando Magic and Sunday, Oct. 4 at the Miami Heat. The Hornets will then travel to China for the two-game series against the Los Angeles Clippers. The teams will play Sunday, Oct. 11 at the Shenzhen Universiade Center, marking the first NBA game ever played in Shenzhen. The rematch will take place at the Mercedes-Benz Arena in Shanghai on Oct. 14.
The Hornets return to Charlotte with consecutive home games at Time Warner Cable Arena, hosting the New York Knicks on Saturday, Oct. 17 and the Chicago Bulls on Monday, Oct. 19. Both home contests tip off at 7 p.m. Tickets for the preseason home games against New York and Chicago will go on sale on Tuesday, Sept. 1 at 10 a.m. and can be purchased at the Time Warner Cable Arena Box Office, online at hornets.com or via Ticketmaster.com.
The conclusion of the preseason schedule features a two-game road trip that begins Wednesday, Oct. 21 against the Detroit Pistons. The Hornets will then play the Indiana Pacers on Thursday, Oct. 22, finishing the preseason.
CHARLOTTE HORNETS 2015-16 PRESEASON SCHEDULE
Date Opponent Site Location Time (ET) Oct. 3 at Orlando Magic Amway Center Orlando, FL 7:00 p.m. Oct. 4 at Miami Heat AmericanAirlines Arena Miami, FL 6:00 p.m. Oct. 11 vs. Los Angeles Clippers Shenzhen Universiade Center* Shenzhen, China 1:30 a.m. Oct. 14 vs. Los Angeles Clippers Mercedes-Benz Arena* Shanghai, China 8:00 a.m. Oct. 17 vs. New York Knicks Time Warner Cable Arena Charlotte, NC 7:00 p.m. Oct. 19 vs. Chicago Bulls Time Warner Cable Arena Charlotte, NC 7:00 p.m. Oct. 21 at Detroit Pistons The Palace of Auburn Hills Detroit, MI 7:30 p.m. Oct. 22 at Indiana Pacers Allen County War Memorial Coliseum* Fort Wayne, At 7:00 p.m.
Hornets season memberships and the Half Season Pick Plan, which are a only way to guarantee the best seats for the Hornets matchups against some of the NBA's top teams and biggest stars, are available now by calling 704-HORNETS or visiting hornets.com.
Hornet Sports & Entertainment owns the Charlotte Hornets and operates Charlotte's Time Warner Cable Arena. The Charlotte Hornets are a member of the NBA's Southeast Division. Owned by NBA Legend Michael Jordan, the Hornets organization strives to deliver a relentless attack on the court, an unmatched experience in the stands and a positive impact throughout the community. The name of the city's original NBA team from 1988-2002, the Hornets moniker returned to Charlotte in May 2014, uniting the rich history of NBA basketball in the Carolinas. Time Warner Cable Arena is the premier destination for sports and entertainment in the Carolinas, hosting over 150 sporting events, concerts and family shows annually. For more information, please visit hornets.com or timewarnercablearena.com.
-hornets.com-
For More Information Contact:
Mike Cristaldi, 704-688-8866, mcristaldi@hornets.com
Brian Travis, 704-688-8862, btravis@hornets.com
Josh Rosen, 704-688-8863, jrosen@hornets.com
Ohio police say a 5-year-old boy rescued his overdosing parents by walking two blocks, alone and in the dark, to alert a relative that he thought they were dead.
DEADLY U.S. HEROIN OVERDOSES QUADRUPLED IN FIVE YEARS, STUDY SHOWS
Officers arrived at the couple's home Thursday morning and found that they had overdosed on heroin, according to a Middletown Police Facebook post.
Emergency responders used a drug-overdose antidote to revive the unresponsive couple. Authorities found a 3-month-old baby girl sitting in a car seat nearby.
The couple, whom officials identified as Lee Johnson and Chelsie Marshall, acknowledged using heroin and were jailed on child-endangerment charges. The police department shared the story on Facebook, urging drug users to seek help and for their loved ones to help them.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
AMMAN: More than 250,000 north Homs residents are without reliable and affordable access to water nearly three months after a USAID contractor suspended funding to the Homs Provincial Council.
The American development company Chemonics International suspended its north Homs work on June 29, citing a “loss of confidence” in the Homs Provincial Council due to “inconsistent field reporting,” a Chemonics project officer told Syria Direct without elaborating further. The wide-ranging $800,000 project provided funding to equip the local Civil Defense and to repair electricity lines, among other goals.
Chemonics International is the largest single donor since 2014 to the Homs Provincial Council, the civilian governing body that oversees humanitarian, medical and municipal services in a small, rebel-held pocket in north Homs province that is roughly the size of the city of Dubai. The pocket has been encircled by regime forces since 2014.
While the Homs Provincial Council claims that they bear “absolutely no responsibility for aid getting cut off,” council officials acknowledge they have previously lost other sources of funding due to internal corruption.
Some Chemonics contracts in Syria in recent years—including the currently suspended two-year, $800,000 project—fall under the aegis of the Syria Regional Program (SRP), a USAID initiative to provide, in its words, “assistance to moderate civilian entities at the national, provincial and local levels.”
USAID and Chemonics tell Syria Direct they are now in the twelfth week of reviewing the cutoff with the Homs Provincial Council. The timeline for restoring aid remains unclear.
A Meeting of the Rastan Local Council. Photo courtesy of the Syrian Voice.
“The suspended assistance to the Homs Provincial Council is pending review of several operational issues and challenges that we are currently discussing with the provincial council leadership,” a US official told Syria Direct.
“We'll continue executing projects in the near future,” the Chemonics project officer, based in Gaziantep, Turkey, told Syria Direct, “but we don't know exactly when…nobody has an answer to that.”
While the SRP, and specifically Chemonics, are not the only financial backers of the Homs Provincial Council, they are the largest individual donors, several councilmembers told Syria Direct. And in rebel-held Rastan—a once-wealthy Homs countryside city 20km north of the provincial capital—Chemonics funding long provided much-needed subsides for the blockaded city's 100,000 residents.
One component of the suspended contract provided for water subsidies, enabling the provincial council to buy the fuel needed to run water pumps across its cities and towns.
However, since the funding freeze, north Homs families such as those in Rastan—the rebel-held pocket's largest city—are now paying as much as SP8,000 (approx. $37.17) out of pocket monthly for water, either to independently purchase the fuel or to buy from expensive local water tankers.
The monthly salary for an employee of the Rastan Local Council—a high-paying job in rebel-held Syria—was SP40,000 (approx. $185.83) prior to the suspension of aid.
“This simply is not enough to make ends meet,” Yarub al-Dali, a Rastan-based citizen journalist told Syria Direct. “Additionally, as the value of the Syrian pound continues to fall, the basic costs of living, in turn, rise exponentially.”
Two years of heavy fighting from 2012 to 2014 crippled large parts of Rastan's infrastructure. In early 2014, regime forces completed their encirclement of the north Homs pocket. No aid has entered the city since the Syrian Arab Red Crescent, United Nations and International Committee of the Red Cross delivered food, medical supplies and water-treatment materials on July 28.
In the face of stalling subsidies, “unemployment runs as high as 80 percent in the area,” al-Dali said. “The situation is dire.”
‘We were totally cut off'
In November 2012, a coalition of Syrian rebel groups formed the National Coalition for Syrian Revolution and Opposition Forces, to, among other things, ease the challenges of aid distribution across Syria's opposition-controlled territories.
In its short lifespan, the coalition—also referred to by its Arabic name as the Etilaf—has cycled through many identities, from an opposition-in-exile mocked for taking Western cash and holding conferences in five-star Turkish hotels to an attempt to re-brand as an inclusive opposition operating inside Syria, but one that has nevertheless failed to bring the largest Syrian-Kurdish movements under its umbrella.
In March 2013, the Etilaf created what it calls the Interim Government, which oversees more than 100 provincial and local councils across parts of opposition-held Syria. It is through this network of elected councils that the Etilaf and its Interim Government ensure access to basic public services such as water, electricity and sanitation.
With the Etilaf funding, the Homs Provincial Council managed public services across the province's northern countryside for nearly two years. But in 2014, “funding began to slowly decrease due to our inexperience in financial management,” the Homs Provincial Council President Amir Abdulqadir told Syria Direct.
“Eventually, we were totally cut off,” he added. “And since mid-2014, we haven't received any funding from the Etilaf or the Interim Government.”
The council's local project manager, Shaalan al-Dali, was more direct. “Look, aid was cut off [in 2014] because there was corruption in the Homs Provincial Council,” he told Syria Direct.
When asked for comment, an Interim Government spokesman said that the move to suspend aid was made by a previous cabinet. “You'll have to speak with the former government,” one official told Syria Direct. “Cutting off aid was their decision.”
The 2014 interim government did not publish an official statement discussing—or even acknowledging—the termination of aid to the Homs Provincial Council.
“We haven't seen a drop of aid from the Interim Government since then,” said council president Abdulqadir.
In turn, the provincial council's coffers began to shrink; budget cuts and other austerity measures trickled down to the local level. Garbage went uncollected, electricity access became more infrequent and the price of water began to rise.
“All of this reflected poorly on the council's ability to do their assigned job,” said Abdulqadir. “We were failing to meet the needs of our citizens.”
Yet where the Interim Government withdrew, a number of international aid organizations filled the vacuum. Chemonics International led the charge, and since 2013, the Washington DC-based organization has been awarded more than $150 million over 24 separate USAID-funded contracts.
Several of the Chemonics contracts come from USAID's Office of Transition Initiatives (OTI), specifically their Syria Regional Program (SRP).
Chemonics aid flowed into the troubled provincial council until June 29.
“We started noticing certain errors and ambiguities coming from the Homs Provincial Council's reports, particularly related to their well-digging projects,” the Chemonics project officer told Syria Direct. “The reports that they were giving us were not matching up with the reality on the ground.”
“This happened more than once, so we lost confidence in the council,” the project officer added. “For this reason, we cut off the aid.”
For the second time in two years, the Homs Provincial Council lost a critical pipeline of funding. While the council vehemently denies any charges of corruption in 2016, they do acknowledge instances of upper-level mismanagement of certain projects.
“The Homs Provincial Council bears absolutely no responsibility for aid getting cut off,” Shaalan al-Dali, the council's lead project manager, told Syria Direct.
“We undertook an extensive investigation, and came across absolutely no financial wrongdoing whatsoever,” he added. “Sure, there were some errors in how we carried out the projects, but these were administrative at most, miscalculations on the part of the engineers overseeing the projects.”
“Did we make some mistakes? Yes, we did,” said Homs Provincial Council President Amir Abdulqadir. “At times, we assigned projects to those with whom we had close relationships—as opposed to necessarily those that were the best qualified—but we always believed that this favoritism was ultimately for the good.”
Both members of the Homs Provincial Council say they took action, firing several engineers and project managers while also instituting new procedures for monitoring and evaluating projects. The officials say that they have not received a final decision from Chemonics regarding the future of their partnership with the aid organization.
“We've reached out to Chemonics time and again to discuss these reforms, but we've never once heard anything definitive in response,” said council project manager Shaalan al-Dali. “It's the civilians on the ground that are hurt the most by all of this.”
While citing issues with provincial council management, Chemonics has entirely suspended work on its $800,000 contract, impacting both the provincial and local levels during the ongoing “review process.”
Moving forward, Chemonics may resume aid operations by circumventing the Homs Provincial Council. “In the near future, we'll begin working directly with the local councils on the ground in the north Homs countryside to execute these joint projects,” said the Chemonics project officer.
The local councils were tasked with carrying out humanitarian and public services on the ground, while the Homs Provincial Council oversaw the funding distribution and project management.
In the initial days following the Chemonics decision, the north Homs local councils were able to continue providing public services by dipping into their modest financial reserves. The Turkey-based charity White Hands even provided a two-week stopgap to purchase fuel; however, this onetime funding expires this Friday.
Today, the Rastan Local Council treasury has less than SP25,000 (approx. $116.70) needed to cover all public service expenses, Faisal al-Ezz, president of the Rastan Local Council, told Syria Direct's partner organization, the Syrian Voice.
“The aid suspension really kneecapped the Rastan Local Council,” al-Ezz told Syria Direct. “We were completely caught off-guard by this decision, and there's nothing at all that we can do right now.”
“Aid has totally halted. We can't offer bread subsidies, we can't offer water subsidies and we can't administer any of our projects because of this situation,” the local council president said.
In Rastan, the lack of Chemonics funding means that the local council is unable to buy mazot, a cheap fuel used to run the city's water infrastructure.
“We can't afford to buy bread, and we're unable to get water from the wells,” Abu Mohammed, a north Homs father of five, told the Syrian Voice. “At the very least, the local council needs to be able to ensure that we can get these two things.”
“We don't blame the local council for what's happened,” Abu Ahmed, another Rastan resident, told Syria Direct. “This situation falls on the shoulders of the provincial council and their inability to secure the local council's funding that we need for our daily services.”
“We need sweeping reforms in Rastan,” local citizen journalist Yarub al-Dali told Syria Direct. “But unfortunately, we don't have a safe and stable state…we don't have the resources, and, most importantly, we don't have the funding.”
“Things have been tough here for a while now…but right now they're getting to be too much.”
The idea of the survivalist, the lone pessimist preparing for what he sees as an inevitable end to the world as it currently exists by stocking up on basic commodities or building a protected bunker, has not faded entirely from the realm of possibility in today's world. One of the major differences with today's survivalists as compared with the historic perception of the individual doomsday worrier has to do with the means of those individuals, according to an article in the New Yorker. And one thing that the wealthy survivalists of today are preparing with is digital currency, including Bitcoin.
Bracing for an Uncertain Future
Today's survivalists, characterized more and more than wealthy or even ultra-wealthy individuals from backgrounds as diverse as business, tech, and more, tend to involve some of the traditional survival tools, supplemented with others that could be more useful now than ever before. On the one hand, those individuals fearing for the future of society because of disease, warfare, unexpected attacks, or political breakdown are tending to buy up the usual supplies: food, weapons, and, if they have the means, land. There are also, however, some new items in the proverbial backpacks of so-called "preppers." Among the most important to many is a supply of Bitcoin.
Arguments for Bitcoin
Supporters of Bitcoin as a currency to collect in the event of a global catastrophe or gradual breakdown of society are often in favor of the decentralized currency because it fits well with the idea of self-reliance that is widely found among survivalists. Unlike most other forms of currency, which are inextricably tied to a national or central bank and thus exposed to all of the risks that those banks are, including breakdown of communications and action in the event of a loss of societal stability, digital currencies are independent and free from such constraints. While gold has long been the standard for survivalists, today's preppers understand that keeping large stocks of physical currency (and such a weighty, bulky one as gold in particular) is unreasonable in a post-apocalyptic world.
Griselda Blanco, the drug kingpin known for her blood-soaked style of street vengeance during Miami's “cocaine cowboys” era of the '70s and '80s, was shot to death in Medellin by a motorcycle-riding assassin Monday.
Blanco, 69, spent nearly two decades behind bars in the United States for drug trafficking and three murders, including the 1982 slaying of a 2-year-old boy in Miami.
Called the “Godmother of Cocaine,” she was deported in 2004 to Colombia, where she maintained a low profile.
Colombia's national police confirmed her slaying late Monday. According to Colombian press reports, two gunmen on motorcycles pulled up to Blanco as she walked out of a butcher shop in Medellin, her hometown. One man pumped two bullets into her head, according to El Colombiano newspaper. It was the sort of death many had predicted for her: Blanco has been credited with inventing the idea of the “motorcycle assassin” who rode by victims and sprayed them with bullets.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
“It's surprising to all of us that she had not been killed sooner because she made a lot of enemies,” former Miami homicide detective Nelson Andreu, who investigated her, said late Monday. “When you kill so many and hurt so many people like she did, it's only a matter of time before they find you and try to even the score.”
The former kingpin was with a pregnant daughter-in-law, who was uninjured. According to El Colombiano, the woman told police that Blanco was no longer involved in organized crime and that she was hoping to live off the sales of several properties she owned.
Blanco came to epitomize the “cocaine cowboy” bloodshed of the 1980s, when rival drug dealers brazenly ambushed rivals in public.
Raised in the slums of Medellin, she began her criminal career as a pickpocket, eventually commanding an empire that reportedly shipped 3,400 pounds of cocaine per month, by boat and plane. She was considered a Colombian pioneer in drug smuggling to the United States, a precursor to the larger cartels that dominated in the 1980s. She even had a Medellin lingerie shop custom design bras and girdles with special pockets to hold cocaine, a tool used by her drug mules flying to Miami.
She ran the organization with her three of her four sons, two of whom were later assassinated in Colombia.
Blanco was known for her flamboyant lifestyle — one of her sons was named Michael Corleone, an homage to The Godfather movies. Three of her husbands also died in drug-related violence.
But it was her nasty temper and penchant for unyielding violence that drew the attention of law enforcement and the public.
Investigators linked her to the daytime 1979 submachine gun attack at Dadeland Mall that shocked Miami. Detectives conservatively estimated that she was behind about 40 homicides.
She was only convicted of three murders.
Griselda Blanco.
Two of them: Blanco arranged the slayings drug dealers Alfredo and Grizel Lorenzo in their South Miami house, as their three children watched television in another room. They had failed to pay $250,000 for five kilos of cocaine that Blanco had allegedly delivered to them.
She was also convicted of ordering a shooting that resulted in the death of 2-year-old Johnny Castro, shot twice in the head as he drove in a car with his father, Jesus “Chucho” Castro. Blanco was targeting Jesus Castro, a former enforcer for Blanco's organization.
Detectives learned the intimate details of the hit from Jorge Ayala, the charismatic hitman who later testified against Blanco. He told police that Blanco wanted Castro killed because he kicked her son in the buttocks.
“At first she was real mad 'cause we missed the father,” Ayala told police. “But when she heard we had gotten the son by accident, she said she was glad, that they were even.”
She had been arrested in 1985 in a cocaine trafficking case in New York. Ultimately, she served 13 years in federal custody before she was handed over to Florida authorities.
Blanco seemed destined for Florida's Death Row — but the prosecution's murders case was dealt a severe blow.
The reason: Ayala — the case's chief witness — engaged in phone sex with secretaries from the Miami-Dade State Attorney's Office. After an investigation, three secretaries were fired and a veteran prosecutor resigned.
Special prosecutors from Orlando took over the case, and Blanco cut a plea deal in 1998.
Blanco was sentenced to three concurrent 20-year sentences, of which she had to serve only about one-third because of guidelines in effect at the time of the murders. Even on her return to Colombia, she was believed to have held onto immense wealth.
In recent years, younger Miamians were introduced to Blanco via two “Cocaine Cowboys” documentaries made by filmmakers Billy Corben and Alfred Spellman.
“This is classic live-by-the-sword, die-by-the-sword,” Corben said Monday. “Or in this case, live-by-the-motorcycle-assassin, die-by-the-motorcycle assassin.”
SHARE COPY LINK U.S. Coast Guard offload more than 3,500 pounds of cocaine and 50 pounds of marijuana at Base Miami Beach, Tuesday, Oct, 16, 2018. The drugs were seized from suspected smuggling vessels off the coasts of the Dominican Republic, Haiti and Aruba.
Miami Herald staff writer Jim Wyss contributed to this report.
Create GridView / Repeater Control and bind data
Go through Repeater control with custom paging which creates a Repeater control, read data from Northwind database Customer table. We will add Header and ItemTemplate checkbox to this repeater. If you do not want to use Repeater you can use ASP.NET GridView. You can also try with jQuery AutoComplete TextBox to find customers from specific country.
Add HeaderTemplate and ItemTemplate Checkbox in GridView / Repeater control
Open solution created in previous step and open Customers.aspx page. Add CheckBox chkCheckAll to repCustomers GridView / Repeater control. Checking or unchecking this checkbox will change the ItemTemplate check box status.
Add ASP.NET CheckBox control to Repeater repCustomers's ItemTemplate.
Your HTML for Repeater will look like this.
<asp:Repeater ID="repCustomers" runat="server" EnableViewState="false"> <HeaderTemplate> <table> <tr> <th> <asp:CheckBox ID="chkCheckAll" runat="server" CssClass="chkHeader" /> </th> <th> CustomerID </th> <%-- other column fields--%> </tr> </HeaderTemplate> <ItemTemplate> <tr> <td> <asp:CheckBox ID="chkCustomer" runat="server" CssClass="chkItem" /> </td> <td> <%# ((NorthwindApp.Customer)Container.DataItem).CustomerID %> </td> <%-- other column fields--%> </tr> </ItemTemplate> </asp:Repeater>
jQuery function for check or uncheck all
Create new JavaScript file with name Customer.js. Write a function which will catch chkCheckAll click event. It will do the necessary check / uncheck operation depending on chkCheckAll status.
Below jQuery function will evaluate chkCheckAll and if its checked then other ItemTemplate CheckBoxes will be checked.
$(document).ready(function () { $('#MainContent_repCustomers_chkCheckAll').click(function () { if ($(this).is(':checked')) { $("div#customer table tbody tr td input:[type='checkbox']:not(:checked)").each(function () { $(this).attr('checked', true); }); } else { $("div#customer table tbody tr td input:[type='checkbox']:checked").each(function () { $(this).attr('checked', false); }); } }); });
Check / uncheck all by using CssClass: As we have set CssClass property to Header and ItemTemplate checkboxes. We can use jQuery selectors to select controls and check / uncheck all ItemTemplate checkboxes.
Below jQuery function select CheckBox control with CssClass chkHeader and if it is checked then selects all CheckBox with CssClass chkItem else it will make all CheckBoxes uncheck.
$(document).ready(function () { $('.chkHeader input').click(function () { $(".chkItem input").each(function () { $(this).attr('checked', $('.chkHeader input').attr('checked')); }); }); });
Add Reference to JavaScript File
Your Customers.js file is ready. Open Site.Master file and below reference to JavaScript file.
<script src="Scripts/jquery-1.4.1.min.js" type="text/javascript"></script> <script src="Scripts/Customer.js" type="text/javascript"></script>
Download source code
Evolution Studios, developer of racing games like the MotorStorm series and DriveClub, has reportedly been shut down. The British studio was a subsidiary of Sony Computer Entertainment which is responsible for the closure, according to GameIndustry.biz.
Evolution's latest game was DriveClub on PlayStation 4. While that game was in development, the studio was hit with layoffs. The game's director also made his departure during its production. First planned as a launch title for the PS4, DriveClub arrived in 2014 to mixed reviews.
A version of DriveClub exclusively for PlayStation Plus subscribers launched last June. The studio released a stand-alone expansion, DriveClub Bikes, last year. Most recently, the company was working to bring DriveClub to PlayStation VR.
Evolution had released regular updates for DriveClub since its PS4 launch. The developer's most recent update, which tweaked Drift Mode scoring and boosted level caps, was released March 9. A free DriveClub update was scheduled for today, March 22.
We've reached out to a representative of Sony for confirmation of the closure — and about the future of DriveClub — and will update accordingly.
Update: Jamie Brayshaw, a senior community manager at Evolution Studios, confirmed the closure on Twitter. While Evolution Studios is no more, he said, DriveClub will continue on thanks to "the awesome team at PlayStation," according to the tweet below.
Update #2: Sony has responded to our request for comment. Read their statement in full explaining the shutdown below:
Work by Michael Kagan, used as cover art for new album by London band White Lies, wins at Best Art Vinyl 2013 competition
The heyday of record sleeve design - when pop artists Peter Blake and Jann Howorth staged the elaborate cover for the Beatles' seminal album Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band - seems far behind us. But even in this age of digital music, where you're most likely to see album artwork as a thumnail image on your MP3 player, vinyl records, and the often beautiful, artistic sleeves they come in, still occupy a special place in contemporary culture - as the winners of the Best Art Vinyl 2013 competition (announced early this year) show.
The winner of this year's award is the sleeve for White Lies' album Big TV, which features an oil painting of an astronaut by artist Michael Kagan. Second place went to Repent Replenish Repeat by Dan le Sac vs Scroobius Pip with artwork by Paul Jackson; Bonobo's 'North Borders' designed by Leif Podhajsky came third.
Andrew Heeps, who founded the annual competition, says: 'In an era with a heavy focus on the digital music format, it is interesting to see that the public prefers such a traditional artistic technique as oil on canvas to associate with music.
'With the music industry reporting increases in vinyl record sales for the ninth consecutive year, this traditional music format is seriously having a renaissance. Over a quarter of vinyl records are now sold as wall art, adding visual appeal to the high quality listening experience. It is therefore clearly apparent that the Best Art Vinyl Award has highlighted the amazing affordable art available to us all through over 60 years of record cover art and design, and continues to do so.'
Out of a shortlist of 50 record covers, the top three and the winner were chosen by public vote.
While the winner was an exiting work, the artwork for the two runners-up was created specially for the albums.
Photograph: Louise Blomquist
The nominations and winners are on display through exhibitions in Malmaison hotels in Birmingham, London and Oxford until 31 January 2014.
Past winners include Zack Nipper's cover for Bright Eyes' album The People's Key (above), and the cover of Fleet Foxes' debut, which features a detail of the 1559 painting Netherlandish Proverbs by Pieter Bruegel the Elder (below).
For more on record sleeve design, check out our interview with Peter Saville, the designer responsible for classic sleeves for Joy Division, New Order and Suede.
Dew Storen throws against the Red Sox. (Fred Thornhill/The Canadian Press via AP)
BALTIMORE — Until the Blue Jays landed in Toronto ahead of their April 8 home opener, Drew Storen had never been to his new home city. When the Nationals played an interleague series in Toronto in 2012, the former longtime Washington reliever was rehabbing an elbow injury. So on the bus ride after landing in Toronto, Storen made sure to put his phone down and take in the new sights.
“I was blown away with how big it was,” he said before Wednesday's game against the Orioles. “Everybody says how great it is and this and that. It's a big place. I didn't know any better. Wow. This is incredible.”
After a crash course in the Blue Jays in spring training, he is slowly finding a routine with his new team, which acquired him from the Nationals for Ben Revere in January. Storen is living in an apartment in downtown Toronto. He bought a bike so he has a 10-minute commute to Rogers Centre. Putting on the blue uniform, at first, was admittedly “really weird” for Storen after seven years in the Nationals organization.
“You really take for granted knowing everybody and I didn't know anyone here at first,” he said. “The first three weeks I was trying to figure out names and we didn't have names in the back of our spring training unis so I really had to earn it. It's been great. Everybody welcomed me with open arms. It's a wonderful group of guys that works really hard and have big-time personalities but guys in it for the right reasons.”
Storen said he was grateful that all-star catcher Russell Martin had the locker next to him in spring training so the two could talk often. Aside from a new team, city and uniform, Storen's biggest challenge has been learning a new league and division of hitters. He used to ignore highlights of American League games after six years as either a set-up man or closer in the National League, but keeps reminding himself now that these are the opponents he needs to focus on.
The AL East is a division of smaller ballparks and loaded lineups, but Storen said he told himself this would be a fun challenge. It comes at a critical time — his final season before free agency — but, if he can prove he can pitch in this division, he will be attractive to more teams this winter. Storen lost out to incumbent Roberto Osuna in spring training for the closer's role. Used primarily in a set-up role, Storen has allowed five runs in 6 1/3 innings over seven games, notching one save when Osuna was unavailable.
“These hitters are so much better,” Storen said. “They're hitting pitches some others couldn't hit. There are balls that are finding holes and things like that. But for me, I just try to get a hold or a save in whatever situation I'm in. It's just about getting in a rhythm and routine. With everything new, you do take for granted the auto-pilot. When it's opening day in D.C., it's all the same and you're just building on last year. Now, it's kinda like re-making it to the big leagues and in a new league. It's kinda like doing that whole process to do that all over again.”
Storen said it doesn't matter what inning he pitches in the future. He was 29-of-31 in save chances last season until the Nationals traded for closer Jonathan Papelbon, which didn't sit well with him and marked the second time the team had removed him from the ninth inning role. He has 96 career saves along with 77 holds, a nebulous statistic.
“As long as you're in a good situation, for me that's the important thing,” he said. “That's why I was excited about the thought of closing here to be part of a good ball club and a good group. That's what it's all about. Obviously the business side of things are important but they take care of themselves as long as you do your job.”
Storen stays in touch with former teammates but mostly with fellow relievers Sean Burnett, Tyler Clippard and Craig Stammen, who are also no longer on the team. He said he used to run the Nationals' team text chat but had to mute it now so “I don't have to be in their business.” But even if a year passes without seeing former teammates and friends, Storen said it will feel like things haven't changed. The baseball world is a small one anyway.
Storen has done his part to get adjusted to his new surroundings. He met popular Toronto councilman Norm Kelly after tweeting at him. He has yet to meet one of Toronto's most popular natives, rapper Drake.
“We've got plenty of time for that,” Storen said. “It's been cool. It's different. It's a big city feel. It's different because D.C. is unique. It's like five cities in one. It's like one really big, clean New York.”
† Higher Score Guarantee: Conditions and restrictions apply, for complete guarantee eligibility requirements, visit kaptest.com/hsg
AP®, Advanced Placement Program® or Pre-AP® is a registered trademark of the College Board, which was not involved in the production of, and does not endorse, this product. SAT® is a trademark registered and/or owned by the College Board, which was not involved in the production of, and does not endorse, this product. ACT® is a registered trademark of ACT, Inc. PSAT/NMSQT® is a registered trademark of the College Board and the National Merit Scholarship Corporation which were not involved in the production of, and do not endorse, this product. Test names are the property of the respective trademark holders, none of whom endorse or are affiliated with Kaplan.
*9 out of 10 claim based on thousands of responses each year to an annual survey about Kaplan students who were admitted to college as of May 2012, May 2013, May 2014, May 2015, May 2016, and May 2017. Prior results are not a guarantee of admission outcomes for future students or for any individual student.
*Must enroll between February 25, 2018 and February 28, 2018 at midnight PT. $400 off applies to Unlimited Prep with Coaching new enrollments only. $250 off applies to In Person PLUS, Live Online PLUS, and Unlimited Prep new enrollments only. $200 off applies to In Person and Live Online new enrollments only. Cannot be combined with any other offer.
Wednesday, October 28, 2009 | 7:00 AM
(cross-posted on the Official Google Blog)
Since 2005, millions of people have relied on Google Maps for mobile to get directions on the go. However, there's always been one problem: Once you're behind the wheel, a list of driving directions just isn't that easy to use. It doesn't tell you when your turn is coming up. And if you miss a turn? Forget it, you're on your own.
Today we're excited to announce the next step for Google Maps for mobile: Google Maps Navigation (Beta) for Android 2.0 devices.
This new feature comes with everything you'd expect to find in a GPS navigation system, like 3D views, turn-by-turn voice guidance and automatic rerouting. But unlike most navigation systems, Google Maps Navigation was built from the ground up to take advantage of your phone's Internet connection.
Here are seven features that are possible because Google Maps Navigation is connected to the Internet:
The most recent map and business data
When you use Google Maps Navigation, your phone automatically gets the most up-to-date maps and business listings from Google Maps — you never need to buy map upgrades or update your device. And this data is continuously improving, thanks to users who report maps issues and businesses who activate their listings with Google Local Business Center.
Search in plain English
Google Maps Navigation brings the speed, power and simplicity of Google search to your car. If you don't know the address you're looking for, don't worry. Simply enter the name of a business, a landmark or just about anything into the search box, and Google will find it for you. Then press "Navigate", and you're on your way.
Search by voice
Typing on a phone can be difficult, especially in the car, so with Google Maps Navigation, you can say your destination instead. Hold down the search button to activate voice search, then tell your phone what you want to do (like "Navigate to Pike Place in Seattle"), and navigation will start automatically.
Traffic view
Google Maps Navigation gets live traffic data over the Internet. A traffic indicator light in the corner of the screen glows green, yellow or red, depending on the current traffic conditions along your route. If there's a jam ahead of you, you'll know. To get more details, tap the light to zoom out to an aerial view showing traffic speeds and incidents ahead. And if the traffic doesn't look good, you can choose an alternate route.
Search along route
For those times when you're already on the road and need to find a business, Google Maps Navigation searches along your route to give you results that won't take you far from your path. You can search for a specific business by name or by type, or you can turn on popular layers, such as gas stations, restaurants or parking.
Satellite view
Google Maps Navigation uses the same satellite imagery as Google Maps on the desktop to help you get to your destination. Turn on the satellite layer for a high-resolution, 3D view of your upcoming route. Besides looking cool, satellite view can help you make sense of complicated maneuvers.
Street View
If you want to know what your next turn looks like, double-tap the map to zoom into Street View, which shows the turn as you'll see it, with your route overlaid. And since locating an address can sometimes be tricky, we'll show you a picture of your destination as you approach the end of your route, so you'll know exactly what to look for.
Since there's nothing quite like seeing the product in action, we made this video to demonstrate a real-life example:
The first phone to have Google Maps Navigation and Android 2.0 is the Droid from Verizon. Google Maps Navigation is initially available in the United States. And like other Google Maps features, Navigation is free.
Click here to learn more and browse a gallery of product screenshots. Take Google Maps Navigation for a spin, and bring Internet-connected GPS navigation with you in your car.
Posted by Keith Ito, Software Engineer
There will be a European double-header at the Rectangular Ground in Perth next November, as Ireland qualified to play Wales in Group C of the 2017 World Cup on the same day England will face France.
The Wolfhounds were too strong for the Bears at the Carlisle Grounds in Bray, running in 13 tries including doubles to Alan McMahon, Scott Grix and Ollie Roberts to win by a record score, eclipsing their 64-6 triumph over the USA in Dublin in 2004.
“It's fantastic to make it to another World Cup,” said Ireland team manager Ged Corcoran, “And great that we can make it there with some of the domestic boys included, hopefully we can maintain that.
“There are a lot of things to put in place now but it's about keeping this group together, adding some more quality to it and getting ready for the tournament – there's no better places to go and play than Australia and Papua New Guinea.
“We are going to be true to our word and look after those who have committed to us over the past three years to get us there.”
The match was attended by the Russian ambassador to Ireland, who was among the dignitaries presented to the sides, and he saw his men take a shock early lead, Alexsandr Lysokon grubbering through for Vyascheslav Eramin to pounce, Lysokon goaling.
They nearly scored again from a similar move but Ireland made the most of a penalty award, Will Hope crossing and Liam Finn goaling.
Joe Keyes broke clear and quick hands sent Casey Dunne over and, in the next set, Finn's kick was lost by the Russians and the ball shipped to the left for Galway's Alan McMahan to cross, Finn goaling both.
The Russians were then stung by Keyes again with his pace around the ruck, Grix profiting, but Shannon McDonnell spilled the restart and Leonid Kalinin scooted over from close range.
A wonderful offload by Mikhail Burklutskii put Vyascheslav away once more but he was just halted and on the counter, Finn's great cut out pass sending Toby King over on debut and McMahon picking up a second from more expansive passing out wide.
Just before the break, McDonnell made amends, latching onto Joe Philbin's break and Hope's pass.
The visitors started the second half determinedly but were undone on the back of another penalty, Roberts profiting; George King powered over and Grix then danced through for his second to bring up the half century just after the hour.
Exciting local product James Kelly was next to score but the biggest cheer reserved for Stuart Littler who went in out wide on his final appearance before retirement although he missed the conversion from wide out.
It was Littler's break on the next set that saw Roberts grab his brace, Littler goaling for his first two-pointer in Irish colours.
The Russians had the final say with a superb run by Kalinin and brilliant switch to Vadim Buryak to complete the scoring.
Bears head coach Denis Korolev commented: “We faced quality opposition and that showed, it will teach our domestic players a good lesson. We need to recover from this game now and then we will do our best against Italy.”
Russia face Italy in Leigh, England on Friday (kick off 8pm) to determine the 14th and final nation to qualify for the 2017 World Cup.
IRELAND 70
1 Shannon McDonnell
2 Alan McMahon
3 Stuart Littler
4 Toby King
5 Casey Dunne
6 Scott Grix
7 Liam Finn
8 George King
9 Joe Keyes
10 Luke Ambler
11 Will Hope
12 Dave Allen
13 Ollie Roberts
Subs (all used)
14 Joe Philbin
15 Matty Hadden
16 James Kelly
17 Gareth Gill
Tries: Hope (7), Dunne (10), McMahon (13, 36), Grix (23, 62), T King (32), McDonnell (38), Roberts (46, 72), G King (59), J Kelly (64), Littler (69)
Goals: Finn 8/11, Littler 1/2
RUSSIA 16
1 Vyascheslav Eramin
2 Vadim Buryak
3 Kiril Kosharin
4 Leonid Kalinin
5 Dmitri Braktko
6 Aleksandr Lysokon
7 Denis Tyulenev
8 Sergey Konstantinov
9 Petr Botnarash
10 Ivan Troikskii
11 Andrey Kuznetsov
12 Mikhail Burklutskii
13 Nikolai Zagoskin
Subs (all used)
14 Vadim Fedchuk
15 Vladimir Vlasyuk
16 Maksim Tsynkovich
17 Maksim Suchkov
Tries: Eramin (4), Kalinin (26), Buryak (79)
Goals: Lysokon 2/3
Half time: 38-12
Referee: Chris Kendall
Attendance: 867
After missing a turn off the interplanetary expressway, a spacecraft has now finished taking the scenic route to Venus. The Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency Akatsuki probe successfully went into orbit around Earth's sister planet at 8:51 a.m. December 7 Japan Standard Time — only five years after its first attempt.
Akatsuki has been looping around the sun since 2010, after an engine misfire prevented the spacecraft from slowing down enough to be captured by Venus' gravity. A nudge from its remaining thrusters put the probe on an orbit that would bring it back to Venus in five years. With its main engine offline and the planet in sight, Akatsuki relied on small attitude control thrusters to slow it enough during this year's encounter to stay for an extended visit.
The original plan was to spend two years at
The nominations were announced today for the 68th annual Emmy Awards that'll air Sept. 18 on ABC.
Here are all of the primetime categories… and then some:
OUTSTANDING DRAMA SERIES
Game of Thrones
Mr. Robot
House of Cards
Downton Abbey
Better Call Saul
The Americans
Homeland
OUTSTANDING COMEDY SERIES
Veep
Transparent
Modern Family
Black-ish
Silicon Valley
Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
Master of None
OUTSTANDING LIMITED SERIES
The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story
Fargo
American Crime
Roots
The Night Manager
OUTSTANDING LEAD ACTOR IN A DRAMA SERIES
Kevin Spacey (House of Cards)
Rami Malek (Mr. Robot)
Bob Odenkirk (Better Call Saul)
Liev Schreiber (Ray Donovan)
Kyle Chandler (Bloodline)
Matthew Rhys (The Americans)
OUTSTANDING LEAD ACTRESS IN A DRAMA SERIES
Robin Wright (House of Cards)
Viola Davis (How to Get Away with Murder)
Tatiana Maslany (Orphan Black)
Claire Danes (Homeland)
Taraji P. Henson (Empire)
Keri Russell (The Americans)
OUTSTANDING LEAD ACTOR IN A COMEDY SERIES
Jeffrey Tambor (Transparent)
Anthony Anderson (black-ish)
Will Forte (The Last Man on Earth)
Thomas Middleditch (Silicon Valley)
Aziz Ansari (Master of None)
William H. Macy (Shameless)
OUTSTANDING LEAD ACTRESS IN A COMEDY SERIES
Julia Louis-Dreyfus (Veep)
Amy Schumer (Inside Amy Schumer)
Ellie Kemper (Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt)
Laurie Metcalf (Getting On)
Tracee Ellis-Ross (black-ish)
Lily Tomlin (Grace and Frankie)
OUTSTANDING LEAD ACTOR IN A LIMITED SERIES OR A MOVIE
Bryan Cranston (All the Way)
Benedict Cumberbatch (Sherlock: The Abominable Bride)
Idris Elba (Luther)
Cuba Gooding Jr. (The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story)
Tom Hiddleston (The Night Manager)
Courtney B. Vance (The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story)
OUTSTANDING LEAD ACTRESS IN A LIMITED SERIES OR A MOVIE
Kirsten Dunst (Fargo)
Felicity Huffman (American Crime)
Audra McDonald (Lady Day at Emerson's Bar & Grill)
Sarah Paulson (The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story)
Lili Taylor (American Crime)
Kerry Washington (Confirmation)
OUTSTANDING REALITY-COMPETITION PROGRAM
The Voice
The Amazing Race
Top Chef
Project Runway
Dancing With the Stars
American Ninja Warrior
OUTSTANDING VARIETY TALK SERIES
Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee
Jimmy Kimmel Live
Last Week Tonight With John Oliver
The Late Late Show With James Corden
Real Time With Bill Maher
The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon
OUTSTANDING TELEVISION MOVIE
All the Way
Confirmation
Luther
Sherlock: The Abominable Bride
A Very Murray Christmas
OUTSTANDING VARIETY SKETCH SERIES
Documentary Now!
Drunk History
Inside Amy Schumer
Key & Peele
Portlandia
Saturday Night Live
OUTSTANDING SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A DRAMA SERIES
Jonathan Banks (Better Call Saul)
Ben Mendelsohn (Bloodline)
Peter Dinklage (Game of Thrones)
Kit Harington (Game of Thrones)
Michael Kelly (House of Cards)
Jon Voight (Ray Donovan)
OUTSTANDING SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A DRAMA SERIES
Maggie Smith (Downton Abbey)
Lena Headey (Game of Thrones)
Emilia Clarke (Game of Thrones)
Maisie Williams (Game of Thrones)
Maura Tierney (The Affair)
Constance Zimmer (UnREAL)
OUTSTANDING SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A COMEDY SERIES
Andre Braugher (Brooklyn Nine-Nine)
Ty Burrell (Modern Family)
Matt Walsh (Veep)
Louie Anderson (Baskets)
Keegen-Michael Key (Key & Peele)
Tituss Burgess (Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt)
Tony Hale (Veep)
OUTSTANDING SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A COMEDY SERIES
Niecy Nash (Getting On)
Kate McKinnon (Saturday Night Live)
Gaby Hoffmann (Transparent)
Allison Janney (Mom)
Judith Light (Transparent)
Anna Chlumsky (Veep)
OUTSTANDING SUPPORTING ACTOR IN A LIMITED SERIES OR A MOVIE
Sterling K. Brown (The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story)
Hugh Laurie (The Night Manager)
Jesse Plemons (Fargo)
David Schwimmer (The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story)
John Travolta (The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story)
Bokeem Woodbine (Fargo)
OUTSTANDING SUPPORTING ACTRESS IN A LIMITED SERIES OR A MOVIE
Kathy Bates (American Horror Story: Hotel)
Olivia Colman (The Night Manager)
Regina King (American Crime)
Melissa Leo (All the Way)
Sarah Paulson (American Horror Story: Hotel)
Jean Smart (Fargo)
OUTSTANDING WRITING FOR A DRAMA SERIES
Downton Abbey, “Episode 8” (Julian Fellowes)
Game of Thrones, “Battle of the Bastards” (David Benioff and D.B. Weiss)
Mr. Robot, “eps1.0_hellofriend.mov” (Sam Esmail)
The Americans, “Persona Non Grata” (Joel Fields and Joe Weisberg)
The Good Wife, “End” (Robert King and Michelle King)
UnREAL, “Return” (Marti Noxon and Sarah Gertrude Shapiro)
OUTSTANDING WRITING FOR A COMEDY SERIES
Catastrophe, “Episode 1” (Rob Delaney and Sharon Horgan)
Master of None, “Parents” (Aziz Ansari and Alan Yang)
Silicon Valley, “Founder Friendly” (Dan O'Keefe)
Silicon Valley, “The Uptick” (Alec Berg)
Veep, “Morning After” (David Mandel)
Veep, “Mother” (Alex Gregory and Peter Huyck)
OUTSTANDING WRITING FOR A LIMITED SERIES OR MOVIE
Fargo, “Palindrome” (Noah Hawley)
Fargo, “Loplop” (Bob DeLaurentis)
The Night Manager (David Farr)
The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, “Marcia, Marcia, Marcia” (D.V. DeVincentis)
The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, “From the Ashes of Tragedy” (Scott Alexander and Larry Karaszewski)
The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, “The Race Card” (Joe Robert Cole)
OUTSTANDING WRITING FOR A VARIETY SPECIAL
Amy Schumer: Live at the Apollo
John Mulaney: The Comeback Kid
Patton Oswalt: Talking for Clapping
Tig Notaro: Boyish Girl Interrupted
Triumph's Election Special 2016
OUTSTANDING DIRECTING FOR A DRAMA SERIES
Michael Engler (Downton Abbey, “Episode 9”)
Miguel Sapochnik (Game of Thrones, “Battle of the Bastards”)
Jack Bender (Game of Thrones, “The Door”)
Lesli Linka Glatter (Homeland, “The Tradition of Hospitality”)
Steven Soderbergh (The Knick, “This Is All We Are”)
David Hollander (Ray Donovan, “Exsuscito”)
OUTSTANDING DIRECTING FOR A COMEDY SERIES
Aziz Ansari (Master of None, “Parents”)
Mike Judge (Silicon Valley, “Founder Friendly”)
Alec Berg (Silicon Valley, “Daily Active Users”)
Jill Solloway (Transparent, “Man on the Land”)
David Mandel (Veep, “Kissing Your Sister”)
Chris Addison (Veep, “Morning After”)
Dale Stern (Veep, “Mother”)
OUTSTANDING DIRECTING FOR A LIMITED SERIES OR MOVIE
Jay Roach (All the Way)
Noah Hawley (Fargo, “Before the Law”)
Susanne Bier (The Night Manager)
Anthony Hemingway (The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, “Manna From Heaven”)
Ryan Murphy (The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, “From the Ashes of Tragedy”)
John Singleton (The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, “The Race Card”)
OUTSTANDING DIRECTING FOR A VARIETY SPECIAL
Louis J. Horvitz (58th Grammy Awards)
Beth McCarthy-Miller (Adele Live in New York City)
Chris Rock (Amy Schumer: Live at the Apollo)
Thomas Kail and Alex Rudzinski (Grease: Live)
Kahlil Joseph and Beyoncé Knowles (Lemonade)
Glenn Weiss (The Kennedy Center Honors)
OUTSTANDING ANIMATED PROGRAM
Archer
Bob's Burgers
Phineas and Ferb
The Simpsons
South Park
OUTSTANDING CHARACTER VOICE-OVER PERFORMANCE
Seth MacFarlane, Family Guy
Trey Parker, South Park
Matt Stone, South Park
Keegan-Michael Key, SuperMansion
Chris Pine, SuperMansion
OUTSTANDING SHORT FORM ANIMATED PROGRAM
Adventure Time
The Powerpuff Girls
Robot Chicken
SpongeBob SquarePants
Steven Universe
There are a total of 113 categories. Click here for the complete list.
Voting begins Aug. 15 for the more than 22,000 TV Academy members and ends at 10 p.m. PT on Aug. 29. Some of the winners will be announced at the Creative Arts Awards on Sept. 17 on FXX before the ABC telecast on Sept. 18 at 7 p.m. ET.
London, England (CNN) -- Iceland's president accused the United Kingdom and the Netherlands on Friday of financially "bullying" his country.
Olafur Ragnar Grimsson said the two countries had been "using their influence within the International Monetary Fund" to stop it lending Iceland billions of dollars needed to rebuild the country's debt-ridden economy.
"We are being bullied. The British and the Dutch are using their influence within the IMF to prevent the IMF program from going forward," Grimsson told CNN's Richard Quest.
"We have a situation, where a small nation is in fact ready to shoulder part of this burden but doesn't want to be put in a corner where the very survival of its economy in the next 10 years would be at stake."
The comments came after the UK expressed anger at the highly controversial decision by Iceland's president's to veto a bill that would pay back billions of dollars Iceland owes the UK and Netherlands. Britain was forced to spend $3.69 billion last year to cover the losses that British savers incurred when Icelandic banks collapsed.
The British and Dutch governments condemned the decision by President Grimsson and hinted at repercussions for Iceland's bid to join the European Union and for its $10bn international economic rescue program.
Despite being already approved by Iceland's parliament, Grimsson refused to sign the bill and called for a national referendum.
Grimsson told CNN: "May I remind that if you take the sum that the Icelandic taxpayers are asked to shoulder and you transform it in to the British economic system to get the relative size, this is equal to the British taxpayers being asked to pay £700 billion ($1.1 trillion) for the years and decades to come."
Icelandic Prime Minister Johanna Sigurdardottir hinted that the move could further tarnish the country's image and crush its hopes to become a member of the European Union.
"Uncertainty... in the formal dealings with others countries can have unforeseen, wide-ranging and potentially damaging consequences for our society," she warned.
And while the repayment of Iceland's debt to the UK and the Netherlands is not theoretically a pre-condition for it to receive IMF funding, the president's actions could hinder it.
But Grimsson told CNN his move was in the name of democracy. He said he acted in response to the one-quarter of Icelanders who petitioned against the compensation bill that would cost about $17,300 per Icelandic citizen.
"We have forgotten that there are two pillars in the western heritage that we are proud of. One is the evolution of the free market but the second is the evolution of democracy," Grimsson told CNN.
"And what I did was when I was faced with a decision between the financial concerns on the one hand, and democracy on the other, I decided to go with democracy."
Grimsson's veto also reflects his country's anger with their treatment at British hands at the height of the economic crisis, when the UK employed anti-terror legislation to freeze Icelandic assets.
"They put my country, on the official Web site, the British government Web site, side by side with al Qaeda and the Taliban.
"And the second thing was that Gordon Brown in October and Alistair Darling went on global television, including CNN and stated that Iceland was a bankrupt country.
"Which was utter nonsense at its best and financial terrorism on their part at its worst." He added: "This meant that companies all over the world, who had had dealings with Iceland, closed their operations down."
As a result, said Grimsson, his economy was damaged by the British "to a greater extent than otherwise would have been the case."
In a statement on January 6, however, a spokesperson for the British prime minister said that "the Government expects the loan to be repaid.
"We are obviously very disappointed by the decision by the Icelandic President, but we do expect Iceland to live up to its legal obligations and repay the money."
Apply Office 365 Retention Policies to all customers via PowerShell and Delegated Administration
eDiscovery and Litigation Holds are being phased out in favour of Retention Policies in the Office 365 Security and Compliance Center. The newer Retention Policies allow you to set hold and delete rules for data across a number of Office 365 services at once – and they're quite easy to set up. See this Microsoft support article for more info.
Retention requirements can differ depending on the organisation, so it makes sense that these aren't switched on by default. If you'd like to apply a baseline retention policy for all of your customers that haven't set one up, you can follow the guides below.
An example Office 365 Retention Policy
In this example we'll be creating a retention policy that applies to Exchange, Public Folders, Sharepoint, OneDrive and Office 365 Groups. This policy does not apply to Skype for Business content (apart from the Conversation History folder, which is stored in Exchange). This example rule will retain all data for forever. Note that the Exchange retention rules will only apply to Exchange Online Plan 1 mailboxes with Online Archiving, or Exchange Online Plan 2 mailboxes.
To create a retention policy in Office 365, we need to connect to the Office 365 Security and Compliance Center via Powershell. Then we need to run two commands – New-RetentionCompliancePolicy and New-RetentionComplianceRule.
New-RetentionCompliancePolicy
This cmdlet creates the Retention Policy and defines which services will be covered by it. For most Office 365 services, a policy can apply to everyone, or just specific users. Skype for Business requires that you specify which users are covered by the policy. For more information about the options for this cmdlet, see this article.
New-RetentionComplianceRule
This cmdlet specifies which actions will be taken on the content that the retention policy applies to. You can choose how long to keep information, what to do when the retention age is reached, and define whether those actions apply to different types of sensitive information. For more information about the options for this cmdlet, see this article.
Create an Office 365 Retention Policy for a single Office 365 tenant via PowerShell
Connect to the Office 365 Security and Compliance Center via PowerShell. Follow our quick guide for info on how to set this up. Edit and run the following cmdlets New-RetentionCompliancePolicy -Name "Company Policy" -ExchangeLocation All -SharePointLocation All -ModernGroupLocation All -OneDriveLocation All -PublicFolderLocation All -Enabled $true New-RetentionComplianceRule -Name "Company Policy Rule" -Policy "Company Policy" -RetentionDuration Unlimited
Create an Office 365 Retention Policy for all Office 365 tenants via PowerShell and Delegated Administration
You can apply this policy to all users using delegated administration. At this point, this script doesn't support delegated administrator accounts that use two-factor authentication. This script will check whether a SharePoint URL exists for a customer before attempting to apply retention to anything other than Exchange.
Open Visual Studio Code or PowerShell ISE Create a new PowerShell file then edit, save and run the following script: # Establish a PowerShell session with Office 365. You'll be prompted for your Delegated Admin credentials $PolicyName = "Company Policy" $Cred = Get-Credential Connect-MsolService -Credential $Cred $Comment = "If you require assistance retrieving data protected by this retention policy, please contact your associated Microsoft Partner: $((Get-MsolCompanyInformation).displayname)" $customers = Get-MsolPartnerContract Write-Host "Found $($customers.Count) customers for $((Get-MsolCompanyInformation).displayname)." foreach ($customer in $customers) { $InitialDomain = Get-MsolDomain -TenantId $customer.TenantId | Where-Object {$_.IsInitial -eq $true} $SharepointURL = "$($InitialDomain.name.split(".")[0]).sharepoint.com" Write-Host "Applying retention policy to $($Customer.Name)" $DelegatedOrgURL = "https://ps.compliance.protection.outlook.com/powershell-liveid?DelegatedOrg=" + $InitialDomain.Name $s = New-PSSession -ConnectionUri $DelegatedOrgURL -Credential $Cred -Authentication Basic -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -AllowRedirection Import-PSSession $s -AllowClobber # By default, we don't want to add our retention policy if the customer has already configured their own. This is checking for existing policies. $ExistingPolicy = Get-RetentionCompliancePolicy # If you want to add your policy no matter what, use the below cmdlet. Your policy will be added if a policy with the same name doesn't already exist. # $ExistingPolicy = Get-RetentionCompliancePolicy | Where-Object {$_.name -contains $PolicyName} if ($ExistingPolicy.Count -eq 0) { # We're checking if the customer has a SharePoint URL. If so, we'll add SharePoint, OneDrive and Modern Group data to the Retention Policy. if (Test-Connection $SharePointURL -Count 1 -ErrorAction ignore) { New-RetentionCompliancePolicy -Name $PolicyName -ExchangeLocation All -SharePointLocation All -ModernGroupLocation All -OneDriveLocation All -PublicFolderLocation All -Enabled $true -Comment $Comment -ErrorAction Ignore } else { New-RetentionCompliancePolicy -Name $PolicyName -ExchangeLocation All -PublicFolderLocation All -Enabled $true -Comment $Comment -ErrorAction Ignore } New-RetentionComplianceRule -Name "$PolicyName Rule" -Policy $PolicyName -RetentionDuration Unlimited -ErrorAction Ignore } else { Write-Output "Policy exists for $($Customer.Name)" } Remove-PSSession $s }
Create an Azure Function to ensure that all customers' tenants are covered by an Office 365 Retention Policy
You can use an Azure Function to ensure that all current and future customer Office 365 tenants remain covered by a Retention Policy. Follow this guide on how to set up an Azure Function to connect to Office 365.
Before moving on, you should have completed the following:
Create a new Azure Function app service
Created a new timer triggered PowerShell function – you can call this one SetUnlimitedRetentionPolicy
Set the function to run as often as required (eg Monday – Friday 9:30AM GMT time)
Downloaded the MSOnline PowerShell module locally, then uploaded it to your Azure Function via FTP
Secured your Office 365 Credentials in your Azure Function properties
Replace the code in your Azure Function with this script:
Write-Output "PowerShell Timer trigger function executed at:$(get-date)"; $FunctionName = 'SetUnlimitedRetentionPolicy' $ModuleName = 'MSOnline' $ModuleVersion = '1.1.166.0' $username = $Env:user $pw = $Env:password #import PS module $PSModulePath = "D:\home\site\wwwroot\$FunctionName\bin\$ModuleName\$ModuleVersion\$ModuleName.psd1" $res = "D:\home\site\wwwroot\$FunctionName\bin" Import-module $PSModulePath # Build Credentials $keypath = "D:\home\site\wwwroot\$FunctionName\bin\keys\PassEncryptKey.key" $secpassword = $pw | ConvertTo-SecureString -Key (Get-Content $keypath) $credential = New-Object System.Management.Automation.PSCredential ($username, $secpassword) # Connect to MSOnline Connect-MsolService -Credential $credential $PolicyName = "Internal Company Policy" $Comment = "If you require assistance retrieving data protected by this retention policy, please contact your associated Microsoft Partner: $((Get-MsolCompanyInformation).displayname)" $customers = Get-MsolPartnerContract Write-Output "Found $($customers.Count) customers for $((Get-MsolCompanyInformation).displayname)." foreach ($customer in $customers) { $InitialDomain = Get-MsolDomain -TenantId $customer.TenantId | Where-Object {$_.IsInitial -eq $true} $SharepointURL = "$($InitialDomain.name.split(".")[0]).sharepoint.com" Write-Output "Applying retention policy to $($Customer.Name)" $DelegatedOrgURL = "https://ps.compliance.protection.outlook.com/powershell-liveid?DelegatedOrg=" + $InitialDomain.Name $s = New-PSSession -ConnectionUri $DelegatedOrgURL -Credential $credential -Authentication Basic -ConfigurationName Microsoft.Exchange -AllowRedirection Import-PSSession $s -AllowClobber # By default, we don't want to add our retention policy if the customer has already configured their own. This is checking for existing policies. $ExistingPolicy = Get-RetentionCompliancePolicy # If you want to add your policy no matter what, use the below cmdlet. Your policy will be added if a policy with the same name doesn't already exist. # $ExistingPolicy = Get-RetentionCompliancePolicy | Where-Object {$_.name -contains $PolicyName} if ($ExistingPolicy.Count -eq 0) { # We're checking if the customer has a SharePoint URL. If so, we'll add SharePoint, OneDrive and Modern Group data to the Retention Policy. if (Test-Connection $SharePointURL -Count 1 -ErrorAction ignore) { New-RetentionCompliancePolicy -Name $PolicyName -ExchangeLocation All -SharePointLocation All -ModernGroupLocation All -OneDriveLocation All -PublicFolderLocation All -Enabled $true -Comment $Comment -ErrorAction Ignore } else { New-RetentionCompliancePolicy -Name $PolicyName -ExchangeLocation All -PublicFolderLocation All -Enabled $true -Comment $Comment -ErrorAction Ignore } New-RetentionComplianceRule -Name "$PolicyName Rule" -Policy $PolicyName -RetentionDuration Unlimited -ErrorAction Ignore } else { Write-Output "Policy exists for $($Customer.Name)" } Remove-PSSession $s }
AP Photo/Matt Rourke A Protestor gestures as he demonstrates to push fast-food chains to pay their employees at least $15 an hour, outside during a march to a McDonald's restaurant Thursday, September 4, 2014, in Philadelphia.
American labor unions are facing a political assault unparalleled since the New Deal, from the Trans-Pacific Partnership to “right-to-work,” to the attack on public sector unions at the state level. And there's a good chance it'll just get worse. Ahead of Scott Walker's possible nomination in the race for 2016, Republicans in Congress are already floating the “National Right to Work Act.” If passed it would create a legal environment more hostile to the rights of workers than in any industrial democracy. Any conceivable Republican president would certainly sign such a bill if it reached his or her desk. As is well known, these laws dramatically and purposely reduce workers' ability to collectively bargain. Already, half of American states are right-to-work. A national right-to-work law would be a catastrophe for organized labor, pushing America's already anemic unionization rate drastically lower still.
With so much at stake for American labor, it's worth reflecting on how organized labor remains a viable player in our economy and politics. Perhaps the most basic question of all is whether unions contribute to a world in which people are more likely to lead positive and rewarding lives. A question like that lies at the center of an emerging field called “happiness economics” which explores things like quality of life, life satisfaction, and overall wellbeing, all of which unions undoubtedly contribute to. As recent research shows, not only do those belonging to unions themselves lead happier lives (controlling for other factors), but, far importantly, the overall rate of union membership (union “density”) is strongly and positively associated with overall levels of well-being. The connection between unions and happiness is additionally supported by other scholars, such as Patrick Flavin and Greg Shufledt, who similarly find that in the United States, members of unions are happier than otherwise similar non-members
The chart below illustrates this idea vividly: higher levels of labor organization are strongly are associated with higher levels of well-being. This relationship, and all relationships in this piece, is both statistically significant and remain so when controlling for other factors known to affect happiness, such as GDP per capita, unemployment, and differences in national cultures.
As you can see, the results show a sharp divergence. While Nordic countries like Denmark and Finland are among the happiest in the world—and boast unionization rates near 70 percent—countries like the U.S. enjoy much lower rates of both.
Why the relationship? First, of course, union members tend to enjoy higher wages and better benefits than the unorganized. This “wage premium” that accrues to an otherwise average worker who belongs to a union is estimated by a recent study to amount to a staggering $551,000 over a lifetime. Further, when unions are strong, non-union employers must of necessity attempt to match union wages, so as to attract the best workers, driving up the wage floor for all.
But the benefits go much further than that. In addition to higher wages, a union contract provides greater job security and protection from arbitrary dismissal. Union representation can also bring a sense of empowerment that comes from having a formalized grievance procedure and a collective say in how the workplace is managed. And more broadly, a collaborative union environment can reduce job-related stress and promote higher levels of social capital and human connection that unions naturally produce among members and their families.
It is also widely agreed that unions play an important role in fostering and protecting those public policies that their defenders believe benefit everyone—such as higher minimum wages, unemployment insurance, student loans, Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, and so on. Labor has also been instrumental in promoting labor market norms and regulations that we take for granted, including the eight-hour day and (lest we forget) the very idea of the “weekend.”
Above all, through the totality of their political and economic influence, unions reduce the economic inequality associated with all manner of social pathologies including “everything from life expectancy to infant mortality and obesity” to say nothing of rates of violent crime. According to data compiled by Martin Gilens, unions also advocate for policies supported by the majority of Americans, while corporations and their lobbying groups advocate for policies Americans dislike.
In turn, the new research shows that the relationship between inequality and unionization rates could not be clearer, as seen in the chart below. As the data illustrate, inequality (as measured by the conventional Gini coefficient with data from the late 2000s) declines sharply as union density increases (data from The Quality of Government Institute).
Again, Scandinavia seems to have the rest of the world beat with strong unionization rates and very low inequality. Simply stated, higher rates of unionization mean less inequality. Unions help produce a more equal, and thus, a more just and equitable society of shared prosperity.
Further evidence in support of the contribution of unions to human well-being can be seen in the connection between labor organization and the degree to which people are succeeding in the totality of their day-to-day lives. Gallup has created provides a convenient index of the share of a country's populating that is "struggling” in this overall sense, based on aggregating a number of standard survey questions (what psychologists call the Cantril Self-Anchoring Striving Scale).
As the next chart shows, how many people are "struggling" has everything to do with how many people belong to a union in their society.
In short, the larger the share of the workforce organized into unions, the smaller is the share of a country's population that finds life to be a struggle. You'd be hard pressed to find a more compelling argument for how strong unions are key to democratic, well-adjusted societies.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, a longtime Washington insider and critic of President Barack Obama's foreign policy, said he would announce on June 1 whether he will seek the 2016 Republican presidential nomination.
“I'm running because I think the world is falling apart,” Graham said on Monday in an interview on CBS, all but declaring his official candidacy. He has previously said he was “99.9 percent” sure he would run.
Graham is a foreign policy hawk who is often aligned with Republican Senator John McCain of Arizona, one of his best friends. In January, Graham said he was exploring running for president and saw the battle against Islamic extremism as a top priority.
Graham would join a crowded Republican field if he formally enters the race and would need to boost his visibility before the first debate in Cleveland in August. He said he plans to make his announcement in Central, South Carolina. He has represented the state in Congress since 1995.
At an event in Iowa on Saturday, Graham said Obama is to blame for the rise of Islamic State militants in Iraq because he failed to leave a sufficient post-war contingent of U.S. troops there.
On Monday, he told CBS that knowing what he does now, he would not have launched a ground invasion of Iraq as former President George W. Bush did. But Graham said then-Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein needed to be removed somehow.
“He needed to go. But if I knew the intelligence was faulty, I'd have reconfigured,” Graham said. He said he was considering running not because other candidates lacked foreign policy chops but because he thought he would make a good commander-in-chief.
Republican presidential candidates have been drawn into a debate over the Iraq war after former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, who is the ex-president's brother, gave several wobbly answers to questions about how he would have handled the situation.
(This story has been refiled to correct paragraph four to show announcement will be made in town of Central, South Carolina, instead of central South Carolina)
[There was a video here]
Last night, Discovery aired KKK: Beneath the Hood, a documentary that purported to offer previously unavailable access to various Ku Klux Klan chapters. Such unveiling feels like an act of desperation for a dying breed of people who are irrationally fixated on racial purity and white supremacy while claiming that they don't hate anyone. Bigotry is alive, of course, but I wonder how well it is when even the Klan is too cowardly to own up to its hatred. (Note: Hamilton Nolan's "My Kasual Kountry Weekend With the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan" Gawker story from last year touches on this very phenomenon.)
In the clip above, they hand out sandwiches and various household items in Missouri to show what good guys they are. Basically, they are preying on the impoverished to reseed their losing agenda. Great guys. Nonetheless, their plan seems to work — the few people that turn out for the event, including the police, seem delighted. To put the philosophy of the Traditionalist American Knights of the Ku Klux Klan into perspective, Imperial Wizard Frank Ancona explains to the cops, "You got different types of birds like crows, sparrows. They stay with their own kind. But they're all birds. So that's kind of our view on it."
The organization that takes its social cues from birds. Maybe one day they'll figure out how to turn a twig into a tool. And then you'll be sorry that you didn't join when you had the chance.
The fight against artificial turf at the 2015 Women's World Cup is officially over. Players have ended their legal challenge against FIFA and the Canadian Soccer Association, The Equalizer can confirm.
A group of international players led by U.S. forward Abby Wambach challenged the use of artificial turf playing surfaces as gender discrimination, filing a complaint in October in the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario. Players said that playing on the “inferior” surface constituted gender discrimination, since every man's World Cup has been played on natural grass. The 2015 World Cup will be the first senior event on turf. Youth World Cups have previously been played on turf.
“On behalf of the players, I want to thank all who aided our fight for natural grass fields at the 2015 World Cup including our volunteer lawyers from Canada and the United States,” Wambach said in a statement Wednesday. “Our legal action has ended. But I am hopeful that the players' willingness to contest the unequal playing fields – and the tremendous public support we received during the effort – marks the start of even greater activism to ensure fair treatment when it comes to women's sports.”
[MORE: Complete coverage of the 2015 Women's World Cup Turf War]
Players were denied an expedited hearing on the case – which was needed since the World Cup kicks off on June 6 – and the Canadian Soccer Association rejected the Tribunal's proposal for mediation. FIFA continually rejected to acknowledge the legal battle, saying it hadn't been properly served papers. In December, before the World Cup draw, FIFA secretary general Jérôme Valcke became visibly heated in a press conference, calling claims of discrimination “nonsense.”
The players fighting against turf, who include Spain's Veronica Boquete and Germany's Nadine Angerer, said throughout the process that they would not boycott the World Cup.
Last week in Zurich, at the FIFA Ballon d'Or Gala, Wambach presented FIFA with a final attempt at a compromise: a World Cup on turf, except for the semifinals, the third-place match and the final, which would be played on natural grass. FIFA rejected the proposal, effectively spelling the end of the fight.
“Unfortunately, for us players, there's going to be that point in which we just have to either move on or keep fighting,” Wambach said.
Players first threatened legal action in August, as first reported by The Equalizer. The Canadian Soccer Association maintains that their bid – the only official bid for the 2015 Women's World Cup – was clear from the start about the use of turf. In October, CSA president Victor Montagliani said that artificial turf is a “first-class playing field.”
In October players presented a proposal to change every match playing surface to natural grass, something they say would cost $3 million.
On Friday in Philadelphia, FIFA director of women's competitions Tatjana Haenni said the discussion about turf was over.
“The end of that discussion is that I think we can take it off,” she said. “The topic can be over now,” Haenni said. “We've had so many talks about it. The 2015 Women's World Cup in Canada will be played on turf.
Haenni says every game surface and training surface will be FIFA 2-star certified turf, and that every field will be inspected this spring. BC Place in Vancouver, site of the tournament final on July 5, will reportedly upgrade its controversial turf in May.
Said the players' attorney, Hampton Dellinger, in a statement:
“Since a coalition of the world's best female soccer players initiated legal action, the tactics of FIFA and CSA have included: threatening protesting players with suspension, doing everything possible to delay a final court ruling despite the players' need to know what surface the tournament will be held on so they can train accordingly, suggesting they would either defy an adverse court ruling or cancel the tournament and, most recently, rejecting the players' undeniably fair settlement offer. In the face of such irresponsible actions by FIFA and CSA, the players have elected to end their legal fight. The players are doing what FIFA and CSA have proven incapable of: putting the sport of soccer first.”
Dellinger says that FIFA and the Canadian Soccer Association threatened reprisal against players from several federations taking part in the legal action.
The 2015 Women's World Cup kicks off on June 6 across six cities in Canada. The tournament will feature an expanded field of 24 teams for the first time.
Business in the United Kingdom (UK) is passing through a tough period. This is evident from the developments that are taking place at the Financial Times Stock Exchange (FTSE) 100 index. FTSE 100 index is a share index of the 100 companies listed on the London Stock Exchange with the highest market capitalisation. Their position in the index is decisive in determining how well UK businesses are performing for the companies themselves and the UK economy.
The FTSE 100 closed lower on Wednesday after the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) predicted a reduction in its earlier UK economic forecasts. The OECD downgraded its forecast for UK growth this year to 1.7%, from the 2.2% that it estimated in February. OECD is hoping that UK would vote in affirmative to remain in the European Union in the 23 June referendum. OECD has warned that a vote to leave the EU would see the UK economy suffer a “large economic shock”. It said by 2020 gross domestic product could be 3% below the level it might be otherwise if it voted to remain in the EU.
If this is not enough problem, a recent threat intelligence report has revealed that 81% of FTSE 100 companies are vulnerable to brand spoofing and malicious domain registrations. These companies are increasingly targeted for malicious domain registrations against them so that cyber criminals can capitalise from the same. Cyber criminals are setting up exact duplicate copies of the websites of these companies and unwary and innocent users are victim of cyber frauds and cyber crimes due to this process.
The story does not end here. The report has found 5,275 compromised email and unencrypted password accounts in total, on hacking forums, paste sites and deep web. This means on an average 50 employees at each FTSE 100 company have unintentionally exposed their details to cyber criminals.
The modus operandi of cyber criminals is very simple and is already in use all across the world. The cyber criminals register a domain name very identical to the targeted company's website. When innocent users log in to such fraud websites, they unintentionally part way with the crucial login and other details. The data could then either be sold or used to access a company's network. 71% of the targeted companies were companies in financial services. Retail and critical infrastructure were the other targeted companies. The deceptively similar domains were registered most commonly to addresses in China, with the US coming second and Panama third.
The evidence gathered across the threat intelligence platforms demonstrates that some basic security measures are not being adopted or followed at some of the largest and most prominent companies in the UK. The results of the report should be a wake-up call for these organisations, highlighting just how vulnerable they are in ways they might not even have considered.
Please see the report titled The FTSE 100: Targeted Brand Attacks and Mass Credential Exposures (pdf) for more details.
This was my 3rd Secret Santa, and the first time I have actually received a gift, and it more than made up for my gifts that were missed!
My box arrived a few days ago, but I wasn't able to open it until this weekend, and I was 100% blown away.
I have been trying (with not a lot of success) to restore a classic NES with my youngest, so that we can play the games from my early teens together.
My mysterious benefactor gifted me with a Rasberry Pi, kitted out with "RetroPi", and a double handful of NES, SNES, and Game Boy games. They included instructions on how to load more emulators and add more legal acquired ROM's. I'm looking forward to much more gaming in the future.
I'm so excited I could pee, and my son and I spent some time last night playing Super Mario World, which was just as frustrating as I remember. :)
Bonus: The case is a custom 3d printed case titled "Raytendo", which is amazing since my name is Ray.
Thank you so much, whomever you are, and thank you for making my Redditmas something special!
GARLAND, Tex. — One was an extrovert drawn to basketball as well as to Islam, who had been identified by the F.B.I. as a jihadist terrorism suspect and was once a regular at Friday Prayer at a mosque near his Phoenix apartment. The other was quieter, ran a carpet cleaning business in Phoenix and often prayed at the same mosque, sometimes accompanied by his young son.
It is still not entirely clear what led the two men — Elton Simpson, 30, and Nadir Hamid Soofi, 34, who lived in the same apartment complex in Phoenix — to come to this Dallas suburb and open fire Sunday outside a gathering that showcased artwork and cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad.
The shootout — during which Mr. Simpson and Mr. Soofi, dressed in body armor, fired assault rifles at police officers — left both of them dead.
What has become clear, however, is that what took place in a suburban Texas parking lot near a Walmart has pointed up the volatile tensions between the West's embrace of free expression and the insistence of many Muslims that depiction of the Prophet Muhammad is a sacrilege. It served as a grim reminder of the attack 16 weeks ago on the Paris offices of the Charlie Hebdo satirical newspaper.
On June 12, Rasmussen released their nationwide poll showing an overwhelming majority of Americans support living in neighborhoods that allows them to own firearms (via Rasmussen) [emphasis mine]:
A new Rasmussen Reports national telephone survey finds that just 22% of Likely U.S. Voters would feel safer living in a neighborhood where nobody was allowed to own a gun over one where they could have a gun for their own protection. Sixty-eight percent (68%) would feel safer in a neighborhood where guns are allowed, while 10% are not sure. … The national survey of 977 Likely Voters was conducted on June 8-9, 2015 by Rasmussen Reports. The margin of sampling error is +/- 3 percentage points with a 95% level of confidence.
This appears to be part of a growing trend regarding gun rights and the Second Amendment. Gallup noted in November of 2014 that 63 percent of Americans believe a gun in the home makes it a safer place. In 2013, a Washington Post/ABC News poll reported the same thing, albeit the figure was 51 percent supporting the notion that firearms makes homes safer; this included 51 percent of white, middle class women.
That figure dovetails with another segment of the Second Amendment debate, which is that women are the next frontier of the gun industry. Not only are women the fastest growing demographic in gun ownership; they're lining up for their concealed carry permits across the country.
In April, Pew Research reported support for gun rights to be the highest in 25 years. Is it safe to assume that increased participation from women regarding the Second Amendment is partially responsible for that development?
As they barrel their way through the first half of the NBA season, the Warriors are making a splash in the television ratings, too.
The three highest-rated regular-season Warriors games in Comcast Sports Net Bay Area history are all from this season, driving an overall 16 percent spike in viewership over last season.
The Warriors' season-to-date average of a 3.76 rating is comparable to the numbers CSNBA got for the Giants last year (4.08).
“I think a lot of it is the cool factor,” Ted Griggs, the president of CSNBA, said Monday. “This is probably, win or lose, the most entertaining team in the NBA.
“The old adage for the NBA was that all you had to do was watch the last 10 minutes. If you try to do that with the Warriors, you're going to miss some really exciting stuff.”
The Warriors have the league's best record (29-5) heading into Tuesday's game against the Utah Jazz. They're winning in dynamic style behind guards Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson.
Griggs likened this season's ratings phenomenon to the Giants of 2010, when momentum built as viewers began to sense a special season was in the works behind characters such as Buster Posey, Tim Lincecum and Brian Wilson.
“It takes a while for a team to hit critical mass, but once they do it's sort of like a tidal wave and it picks up more and more,” Griggs said. “It becomes part of the larger Bay Area culture where everybody is talking about it and therefore everybody wants to watch it.”
The high-water mark came when the Warriors beat the Houston Rockets on Dec. 10 for their 14th consecutive victory. That earned a 6.43 household rating (159,188 households) to top CSNBA's previous regular-season Warriors best — a 5.73 rating for a showdown with the Los Angeles Lakers on March 24, 2008.
Overall, that Rockets game was the highest locally produced regular-season Warriors game since Feb. 7, 1996, when KPIX earned an 11.3 for the night Michael Jordan led the Chicago Bulls with 40 points (and Steve Kerr, the future Warriors coach, chipped in with 12).
The recent boost in viewership comes largely from women. Regular-season Warriors ratings among females aged 25-54 is up 49 percent from a year ago, Griggs said.
“It's higher than we've ever seen them,” he said of the female ratings. “That always helps. It's not just a guy sitting in his Man Cave. It's a guy, his wife and his kids. … It's amazing to see the women who are embracing the Warriors as part of their entertainment venue. That's been great for us, and it opens us up to some advertising opportunities.”
The highest-rated Warriors game ever on CSNBA was May 1 for Game 6 of their playoff series against the Los Angeles Clippers. That got a household rating of 7.03.
Griggs suspects that record could fall if the Warriors continue rolling.
“As the wave gets bigger and bigger, we're just paddling our little surfboard and trying to ride the wave for all it's worth,” he said.
Contact Daniel Brown at dbrown@mercurynews.com
On Wednesday evening just outside Salt Lake City, the American whose World Cup lasted the longest finally will return to work.
The U.S. national team was knocked out of the tournament's round of 16, which allowed some players to rejoin their clubs by July 4. But referee Mark Geiger stayed alive until the semifinals, becoming one of only 16 officials (not including alternates) given the honor of working one of the final four matches. His appearance as the fourth official at Germany's epic 7-1 dismantling of Brazil was his fifth of the World Cup and along the way, he played a part in some of the competition's most historic and surreal moments.
“It was just an amazing experience, to be there for so many memorable games,” said Geiger, who will run the middle Wednesday as Real Salt Lake hosts the New York Red Bulls.
The 39-year-old New Jersey native, now in his 11th season as a pro, refereed the Group C opener between Colombia and Greece in Belo Horizonte, where James Rodríguez introduced himself to the world.
“James was absolutely amazing, and to be on the field with him was spectacular,” Geiger said.
A second World Cup assignment isn't guaranteed. But four days later, Geiger and his assistants, Mark Hurd and Joe Fletcher, were in charge of Chile's stunning 2-0 win over Spain, which eliminated the reigning champs.
“The pressure we had going into that game was, I don't want to say it was difficult to deal with, but we had to be extra careful that every decision we made was absolutely clear and correct. It was quite an experience,” Geiger recalled.
On June 24, he was the fourth official as Uruguay defeated Italy and Luis Suárez lost his mind.
“Unfortunately, no,” he said when asked if he saw Suárez feast on Giorgio Chiellini. “I'm scanning the field – there are a lot of players to be watching at that moment, and I see the two players fall to the ground. But I didn't see the bite that happened right before … The ball was on the other side of the penalty area. I don't think anyone [on the sideline] really saw it. There really was no reaction from the benches to indicate that something major had occurred.”
Then on June 30 in Brasilia, Geiger made history as the first American to referee a match in the knockout stage. There were 52 crews named to the preliminary list of World Cup officials back in 2011 and Geiger's composed performances during the group stage helped ensure his was rated among the 14 best. The reward was the round-of-16 tilt between France and Nigeria in Brasilia.
“We were certainly excited to be given that opportunity,” Geiger said. And his World Cup wasn't over. From the capital, it was on to Belo Horizonte and the "Mineirazo." Like the Uruguay-Italy game, Geiger would be working with the crew led by Mexico's Marco Rodríguez.
“We were prepared for a very intense, very tight matchup,” Geiger said of the semifinal. “One of the things I was told as fourth official was that I was probably going to have one of the most difficult jobs on the field, because they were anticipating the benches to be very emotional, especially coming off the Colombia-Brazil game [in which Neymar was injured]. We thought the Brazil bench would be very, very emotional and we were prepared for a difficult, difficult match.”
Of course, no one at the Estádio Mineirão got what they expected.
“It was very strange, with the way [Brazil] walked out on the field and just their emotional level, you could feel it and it was different from the other matches they played,” Geiger said. “When Germany started dominating the game the way they did and putting in the goals, the benches actually were very calm. The crowd was not an issue, and the players, to Brazil's credit, didn't lash out against Germany. They finished the game.”
That lack of combustion or controversy, the Suárez incident aside, was a theme for Geiger throughout. He said he was prepared to make the big call if necessary, but thanks to sound game management and a bit of good fortune, he never had to. There were no penalty kicks and only seven yellow cards in the three games he refereed.
“First you want to keep it simple. You want to call the simple fouls and not let anything get away from you, and you want to communicate with the players. The more you communicate and try to prevent something from happening early on, then those big decisions don't always have to come,” he said.
“For example, when the corner kicks happens there's a lot of holding and grabbing in the penalty area. Instead of allowing the kick to happen and then maybe have to make a decision, you hold the kick. You talk with the players, calm them down, stop them from holding and then let them continue to play. Then you don't have a potential penalty area decision to make.”
Interrupting a game in that fashion, in addition to calling more of the “simple fouls”, represents a subtle difference between officiating at the World Cup and in MLS, Geiger said.
“I may call a few more simple fouls in an international game then worry about promoting the game-flow model that they want in MLS,” he explained. “We had a tendency to call some trifling fouls [in MLS], the little ones where maybe the team still maintained possession or was still moving forward. They would like to see that play continue, although certainly not at the risk of losing control of the game or the players getting injured … There's an entertainment factor that comes in a little bit more when you're dealing with the domestic leagues.”
That sort of guidance is a big part of an official's World Cup experience. The evaluation process lasts for nearly three years. For Geiger, a former high school math teacher who began reffing at age 13 – “My mother and father wanted me to have a job and it was just another way to make some bucks,” he said – that process included matches at the 2011 U-20 World Cup (including the final), the 2012 Olympics and the 2013 Club World Cup.
Once in Brazil, the officials trained daily at a facility in Rio de Janeiro and had frequent meetings with FIFA officials and instructors, during which they evaluated previous games and discussed the teams and players involved in future assignments. Referees would learn they were handling a game only a couple of days before. Then the cramming commenced. Among the FIFA officials who would help was Esse Baharmast, the Iranian-American referee who worked the inaugural MLS Cup final in 1996 and then the '98 World Cups.
Baharmast was vilified during that tournament for a controversial penalty kick call against Brazil that later proved to be correct. Four years later, Brian Hall took charge of two games and worked as the fourth official in two more, including the Brazil-Turkey semifinal in Saitama. Geiger then ended a 12-year U.S. drought – with distinction, according to Hall. The veteran told reporters in Brazil that he thought Geiger and his crew did well enough to be “in line for the final,” which Hall said “really shows how far soccer has come in the United States.”
Geiger told SI.com that his nationality never was lost on him.
“It does translate to the referees,” he said. “If a team comes from a country that's not really respected, then it's very difficult to say that a referee also would be respected. We're in the same boat. To come out and perform well, we were hoping to do that not only for ourselves but to hopefully get respect for Americans that come up after us.”
That extra bit of pressure, even if self-imposed, proved to be a benefit rather than a burden.
“I tend to perform better the more pressure there is," he said. "You're focused a bit more when you know there's that kind of scrutiny. But you also have to keep yourself calm and keep yourself from being overwhelmed. Remind yourself it's just a game. We've done national team games before. But there certainly is something special about the World Cup.”
Geiger is young enough to work the 2018 tournament in Russia (FIFA mandates international retirement at 45), but he's not hung up on the wait. Utah may seem a world away from Brazil, but Geiger said he was excited to get back to work.
“We do it because we enjoy the sport. It's going to be great to be back on the field. We know these players. You've developed a relationship with a lot of the players and it's going to be good to see these guys and be on the field with them,” he said. “Even though it's not a World Cup semifinal, it's a very important game for both teams, and we're going to go give the effort the game deserves.”
Have you already gotten tickets for the most anticipated festival of 2016? Desert Daze has booked what looks to be the best festival lineup of the year and moved the event to a virgin location- The Institute of Mentalphysics in Joshua Tree.
The sudden loss of Suicide's, Alan Vega was not just a big hit to the delicate balance of a festival lineup but it was a HUGE loss to the music community at large and to those that loved him. While it seems a bit petty to discuss the death of a human in terms of the effect it had on a music festival, Suicide might've been the single most buzzed about band performing at Desert Daze 2016.
Desert Daze rose to the immense challenge of filling the massive and gaping hole that was left in the wake of the death of Alan Vega by adding King Gizzard and the Lizard Wizard, METZ and Godspeed You! Black Emperor to the already stacked lineup that features: Primus, Television, The Brian Jonestown Massacre, Thee Oh Sees, Washed Out, Toro y Moi, Deerhunter, Foxygen, The Black Angels playing Passover in it's entirety. The lineup includes some of our favorite up and coming bands such as Death Valley Girls, Meatbodies, Drab Majesty, Death Hymn Number 9, Sloppy Jane, JJUUJJUU, Deap Valley, FEELS, Mild High Club and so many more…
related content:
Purchase Your Tickets to Desert Daze 2016 HERE or ENTER OUR TICKET GIVEAWAY
Instagram and Facebook Caption Contest Rules:
Share our Desert Daze Ticket Giveaway Posts Include a personal caption to our shared posts. Include the hashtags #desertdaze and #jankydaze in your shared posts.
Winner will be announced on Monday, October 10th on our Dash Radio show, Janky Smooth and the NSA between 6-8pm pst on the Los Anarchy Radio Station. Download the Dash Radio App or stream directly HERE.
Click on photo for full articles
Apologies in advance, but this deserves all kinds of disclaimers before the first significant sentence:
• The Penguins' 5-4 shootout loss to the Islanders on Saturday night was one game of 82. It was no big deal from the season scope nor even this singular outcome. It came down to the final, decisive strike by New York's Kyle Okposo. Could have been anyone. Could have gone either way.
• The Islanders are as skilled, as creative offensively as any team in the NHL. If you don't think so, power up that DVR and take a harder look. They're legit.
• Mike Johnston has been nothing less than a godsend.
And I can't stress that last one emphatically enough. Jim Rutherford couldn't have fared any better in finding the right man with the right plan for this group.
To continue reading, log into your account:
Now that's dedication.
The North Saskatoon Business Association says it installed high-definition "video surveillance" cameras on Fourth Avenue to generate its own statistics on how many people used the street's downtown bike lanes.
Keith Moen, NSBA (NSBA)
"It's a hot-button issue among our members," said Keith Moen, the NSBA's executive director — second only to the small business tax changes proposed earlier this year by the federal government.
The cameras, donated and attached to a downtown building by a member of the association, recorded movements from 6 a.m. to 6 p.m. throughout the past summer.
The results — an average of 84 bikes a day — represent less than half of what the City of Saskatoon's bike-sensitive own counters have recorded, according to a recent city report: as many as 310 cyclists a day on one block of Fourth Avenue.
(City of Saskatoon)
"We don't necessarily want to go down the path of 'Our numbers are better than theirs,'" said Moen.
"The point of it is, even if it's the 200 to 250 bikes a day… it would not substantiate the amount of money that's being spent on those lanes."
Not 'anti-bike lane'
The starkly divided figures come as city councillors prepare to decide the fate of the currently-temporary bike lanes along Fourth Avenue and 23rd Street.
The city would like the lanes to stay until staffers unveil their pitch for a permanent downtown cycling network some time in 2018.
Another option would be to turf the lanes. The city says the soonest that could happen is spring 2018, at a cost of $37,000.
(City of Saskatoon )
Maintaining the lanes (sweeping and snow clearing) cost the city an average of $83,000 a year from 2015 to 2017, though it wasn't until 2016 that both lanes were in place.
While Moen says the NSBA is not "anti-bike lane" and the group is not advocating for their removal, the design of the lanes needs to be further tweaked to address business owners' concerns about safety, Moen said.
He gives a specific example.
"In making a left-hand turn [in a car] … I was startled because as I was making my turn, all of a sudden, there was a cyclist that was hidden behind that parked vehicle.
"I couldn't see them."
The 'bend-in' lane design. (City of Saskatoon )
The city already made changes to address those concerns.
Last spring, a "bend-in" design for the lanes at intersections was launched. The move was meant to get cyclists in line with traffic lanes and provide better sightlines.
And there are some positive stats to report: on some stretches of both streets, the number of collisions between cyclists and drivers has gone down.
Design tweaks
The city, acknowledging that reaction to the lanes has proved "mixed" so far, is now suggesting a suite of further changes estimated to cost $150,000 in total.
Those changes include the installation of wide decorative planters to replace the current white poles means to guide drivers and protect cyclists from cars.
(City of Saskatoon)
Wider parking spots for cars with wheelchair ramps are also suggested.
City councillors will talk about the city's plans for the lanes Monday afternoon at city hall.
This list has been updated from 7 to 9.
UPDATE: A just uncovered CBS News report about “swarms of suspects” cheering 9/11 from rooftops has validated Trump's “thousands” claim.
There is nothing yet that validates Donald Trump's claim that on that terrible September morning “thousands and thousands” of American Muslims cheered the collapse of the World Trade Center. At worst, though, the Republican frontrunner is guilty of exaggerating. The DC Media, however, has been exposed (once again) as bald-faced liars who engaged in a 14 year cover-up.
Contemporaneous reports and eyewitnesses prove once and for all that some number of Muslims did in fact celebrate the collapse of the Twin Towers. Trump was not only right on this point, but by pressing the matter he has forced the DC Media to uncover a truth they did not want to tell.
Let's lay it out:
New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani
As my colleague Joel Pollak pointed out, while interviewing Giuliani Tuesday morning, left-wing CNN anchor Alisyn Camerota was very unhappy when the mayor confirmed that there were indeed Muslim celebrations on 9/11. This wasn't the way the interview was supposed to go:
Camerota quizzed Giuliani, hoping he would say that Trump is “lying.” She was frustrated when Giuliani merely said that Trump had been “exaggerating,” and pointing out hitherto ignored examples of handfuls of Muslims celebrating in New York. “And those weren't just rumors, those weren't just reports, you went out and checked them out?” Camerota said–as if the former mayor whose credibility she had hoped to exploit to bash Trump were suddenly in doubt. (Giuliani confirmed the reports.)
CNN's Chris Cuomo
After Giuliani's interview, an exasperated Cuomo admitted, “Were people celebrating on 9/11? Yes. Is it wrong? Yes. Should you say thousands were? No.”
MTV
Trump claimed he had seen television reports covering Muslims celebrating on 9/11. Those contemporaneous reports have now been found.
Dishonest left-wing outlets like MTV, National Journal and Mediaite are desperately spinning the revelation of these contemporaneous reports as proof Trump lied. In a burst of Orwellian memory-holing, MTV even brought back one of the witnesses so she could recant her story 14 year later.
Nevertheless, all that spin cannot change the fact that news reports of American Muslims cheering the fall of the World Trade Center have been found.
It doesn't matter what the witness says now, what matters is what Trump might have seen at the time, and what Trump saw were news reports on television about people in New Jersey celebrating the fall of the World Trade Center.
The Washington Post
In his lying fact check, Washington Post fact-checker Glenn Kessler writes, “There is absolutely no evidence of the celebration cited by Trump.” Except, of course, for all the proof listed here and a contemporaneous report in his own left-wing newspaper. A report, I should add, that Kessler did not include his initial fact check. Either this Hillary Guardian tried to cover up the Washington Post report, or he just didn't look hard enough for evidence backing Trump's claim.
This appeared in the Washington Post on September 18, 2001:
In Jersey City, within hours of two jetliners' plowing into the World Trade Center, law enforcement authorities detained and questioned a number of people who were allegedly seen celebrating the attacks and holding tailgate-style parties on rooftops while they watched the devastation on the other side of the river.
The report was never retracted by the Washington Post.
The New York Post
This appeared in a New York Post editorial written by Fred Siegel on September 14, 2001:
Here in New York, it was easy to get angry listening to Egyptians, Palestinians and the Arabs of nearby Paterson, N.J., celebrate as they received word of the murderous attack in New York and Washington. But Mayor Giuliani (who has been tireless and magnificent in this crisis) rightly warned New Yorker-ers that is would be wrong to take their anger our on the city's Arab and Muslim residents. Attacks on Arab-Americans in Paterson or elsewhere are utterly indefensible.
This story was never retracted.
Radio News Reports of Muslim Celebrations
Jesse Singal at New York Magazine worked hard today to try and debunk my earlier story covering Fred Siegel's New York Post editorial. In this so-called debunking, however, we learn that Siegel is a witness to September of 2001 radio news reports covering the Muslim celebrations. Obviously, this also buoys up Trump's claim of news reports:
Siegel told Daily Intelligencer that he first heard about the celebrations (and the nationalities of the perpetrators) on the radio, though he couldn't remember which station. In addition to those news reports, he said, he believes that some Muslims did celebrate because he heard it from two sources: an acquaintance from Clifton, New Jersey, and an Arab-American professor with whom he corresponded.
Not a small detail.
Legions of Witnesses
You would have to be a sap to believe everyone uses social media to claim they witnessed American Muslims celebrating on 9/11. But you'd have to be a liar to dismiss all of them, as the DC Media is doing.
8. Former NYPD Commissioner Bernard Kerik
—
—
9. CBS Anchor Dan Rather
Click here and scroll to the 12:30 mark. Dan Rather, who was then anchoring the CBS Evening News, tells David Letterman of reports of witnesses who saw Muslims on rooftops celebrating.
***
Between the contemporaneous reports above and these eyewitnesses that have come out in the wake of the DC Media attempting to bury Trump, there is now no question that some number of American Muslims celebrated 9/11.
It happened.
And for 14 years the DC Media covered this crucially important story up.
And now, thanks to Donald Trump, we know the truth.
Trump appears to have exaggerated.
The DC Media, however, lied for 14 years and continues to lie today.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
If you follow Android Police, there's a good chance you've got a rooted device, whether it be an easy-to-root Nexus or something like a Galaxy that takes more effort to do so. It's also very possible that you play Pokémon GO, which can probably be considered the fad of the year. For those of you who fall into both of those categories, you're probably frustrated that with the latest version (0.37), you'll now be forbidden from playing the game on your phone, just because some no-gooders used GPS spoofing and/or Xposed modules to get ahead. Even RootCloak doesn't work. Not to worry though, as there's a fairly simple way to circumvent this block.
Magisk is a mod developed by XDA user topjohnwu, who is also responsible for the systemless Xposed flashable zip. Essentially, Magisk (which is short for Magic Mask) "aims to overcome these difficulties [of systemless mods] and create a universal interface for everyone to develop and use systemless mods."
Magisk first gained some popularity when it was discovered that it could enable Android Pay on rooted devices, due to its ability to go around the SafetyNet API. Since Pokémon GO also uses the SafetyNet API, several users have found out that Magisk works for it as well.
The installation of Magisk will also enable Android Pay.
Disclaimer: Android Police isn't responsible for any harm to your device - proceed at your own risk. : Android Police isn't responsible for any harm to your device - proceed at your own risk.
Prerequisites
To use Magisk, you'll need a device with an unlocked bootloader that is running Android 5.0+. topjohnwu recommends that your device be restored to a stock system and boot. If you can't do that, you must fully remove any form of root access and Xposed. You will need a custom recovery. For this guide, I'll be using a Moto X Pure Edition on Android 6.0 Marshmallow that has been rooted with SuperSU v2.78 and has TWRP 3.0.2-2 to demonstrate how to unroot and get rid of Xposed.
The Steps
Depending on where you sourced your root and Xposed methods from, your steps may be slightly different. If you're on a custom ROM, even unrooting may not do the trick. If you don't have Xposed, skip #2.
To unroot, open SuperSU, go to the Settings tab, navigate down to the Cleanup section, and choose "Full unroot." A bunch of prompts will pop up; do restore the stock boot image, but don't restore the stock recovery image. Your device will then reboot, and when it finishes, root access will be gone. NOTE: If you're unencrypted and restore the stock boot image, you may think that your device is bootlooping, but it is actually re-encrypting (thanks, Max).
left: SuperSU's Settings panel. middle left: click YES. middle right: click NO. right: after reboot, SuperSU is gone.
To get rid of Xposed, go to the official Xposed download site's uninstaller/ section, then choose the one you need. Since the Moto X Pure runs a 64-bit processor, the Snapdragon 808, I picked "xposed-uninstaller-20150831-arm64.zip." There are also options for arm and x86 architectures.
To flash this uninstaller, you must enter your custom recovery. For the Moto X PE (it'll differ for every device, Google how to enter recovery), power off the device, then hold the volume down button and power button together to enter the bootloader. From there, use the volume buttons to scroll to "Recovery," and press power to boot you into whichever custom recovery you have installed. In your custom recovery, hit "Install," navigate to your Download folder, and flash the uninstaller. After that, click "Wipe cache/dalvik," then "Reboot system." It'll take a while for the apps to finish optimizing.
1: fastboot. 2: scroll to recovery. 3: hit Install, select the uninstaller .zip. 4: swipe to confirm flash. 5: clear cache/dalvik. 6: swipe to wipe. 7: reboot system. 8: optimizing apps
Now, head over to Magisk's XDA thread and download Magisk (this link to Magisk v6 will initiate the download).
Flash Magisk-v6.zip (or the most current version) on your device in recovery. After that, reboot.
Now, you'll have to re-root; however, you can't use a normal method. You'll have to download a special Magisk version of phh's SuperUser 17 (link will initiate download). Flash this through your custom recovery just like you did with the Xposed uninstaller and Magisk. After that, install phh SuperUser from the Play Store.
Install Magisk Manager v1.2 here (link will initiate the download).
*OPTIONAL* If you want Xposed, you must download a systemless version (which is also by topjohnwu). To do this, download the Material Design Xposed Installer (excellent app, by the way) and install the systemless version (v86.5) from the Systemless tab. Grant Xposed Superuser access and allow the phone to install Xposed automatically. When the phone reboots, you'll have to wait for a few minutes for apps to optimize.
You're finished! To play Pokémon GO, simply head to Magisk Manager and turn off root with the Root Toggle. When you're done playing and want root access back, just re-enable it.
Team Victory Rankings
With the Vuelta done here is the listing of team wins so far this season. This will be the penultimate version this year as we're now into the final section of the season with just 47 of the 553 days of racing remaining.
As ever the usual caveat that cycling is not about quantity, surely every team would swap all their wins for the overall winner of the Tour de France. But these rankings do cut through to illustrate several points, for example Euskaltel-Euskadi sit in last place and illustrate the problems facing Fernando Alonso as he looks at buying the team's licence. With just six wins (of which two are Ioannis Tamouridis winning the Greek road and TT championships) the team's win rate is extremely low. Alonso might have a passion for the sport but he's got to spend hard cash too.
On a more cheerful note Cannondale are on a real run thanks to Peter Sagan. The Fastvakian has racked up 22 wins this year, more than anyone else – Mark Cavendish is on 16, Marcel Kittel 15- but even without him, the lime green team would sit with a respectable number of wins and obviously without him they'd have cash to hire someone else. BMC Racing are of interest too as their 29 wins counter the “loads of money, no results” sticky label. Meanwhile FDJ are having a record year with more wins than ever. The French lottery team goes back to 1997 of course when a pony-tailed Chris Horner was part of the squad.
Enough of the past. It'll be interesting to see how teams build squads for 2014. Take Garmin-Sharp where Tyler Farrar has no new contract and Robbie Hunter is going, as if the team is reducing its presence in the sprints, at least it'll be up to the Kreder brothers and Steele Von Hoff to step up. Orica-Greenedge are supposed to be moving towards more stage race success but for now they still seem packed with sprinters, it will be interesting to see what happens with Matthew Goss. Meanwhile Saxo-Tinkoff look set to become Saxo for 2014 and with less money following the volatile Oleg Tinkov's decision to stop sponsorship, Bjarne Riis is going to struggle to hire riders capable of winning more frequently. If the team had won more this year would Tinkov have stayed?
UCI Pro Continental
As we can see Europcar are on another level in the Pro Conti ranks. Vini Fantini have yet to lose Mauro Santambrogio's two wins this year and if this happens then MTN-Qhubeka would be on equal terms.
There's a mix of budgets and ambitions here, several teams seek wildcards for grand tours, we've seen NetApp-Endura have a good Vuelta and Caja Rural were very aggressive. IAM are strengthening for 2014. Meanwhile Colombia have just two wins and their best riders are being signed by others. The squad has been an exciting presence in some races but they'll struggle for invitations next year without riders capable of winning big.
A word on Sojasun. Team manager Stéphane Heulot has set a deadline of 1 October to find a new sponsor but things are looking tough. Already the best riders are leaving with Julien Simon – he of the late breakaway to Lyon in the Tour de France – going to Cofidis whilst Europcar have signed Jimmy Engoulvent. Movistar are said to be interested in a couple of others. If you've been watching the Tour of Britain you'll have seen Anthony Delaplace on the attack, he's a big rouleur who'd suit many a sprint train whilst Alexis Vuillermoz is in his first year on the road, did the Tour de France and has looked strong in other races.
Conclusion
These rankings are simplistic but if you want to know which teams are folding or struggling for sponsors, look at the number of wins. Yet if budget and wins can be correlated, it's not always the case.
This year teams are building rosters for 2014 without the pressure of the World Tour points system as there are only 18 teams chasing 18 places thanks to Vacansoleil-DCM's retreat. But all those rankings and scores are for spreadsheets and fans who want to geek out. What most people want to know is who is victorious.
Solar bill will help power NZ's transition to green economy
13 August 2015
Solar bill will help power NZ's transition to green economy
Parliament will get to vote on a simple amendment to the Electricity Industry Act that would guarantee households a fair price for any excess renewable electricity they supply back to the grid, the Green Party said today.
Green Party MP Gareth Hughes had a Members' Bill in his name pulled from the ballot today. The Electricity Industry (Small-Scale Renewable Distributed Generation) Amendment Bill will empower the Electricity Authority to act as an independent umpire setting a fair, reasonable buy-back rate for small-scale renewable power generation, like solar power.
“The price of solar panels has dropped 99 percent over the last four decades so going solar has become an increasingly smart, green option for families and small businesses,” said Green Party energy spokesperson Gareth Hughes.
“A small law change is all that is needed to give the thousands of Kiwis going solar a fair go.
“My Bill will empower an independent umpire to set a fair buy-back rate and establish standardised contracts to provide certainty and fairness for all.”
Currently there is no price certainty for those wanting to invest in solar energy. Electricity companies are using their market power to discourage the rapid uptake of this disruptive technology. For example, Meridian and Contact Energy last year announced a dramatic 50-70 percent cut in the rate they buy excess solar power from homes and businesses.
“National has so far failed to support families and small businesses going solar with fair rules but they can support this simple, positive solution,” said Mr Hughes.
“We can support clean energy without subsidies by simply empowering the Electricity Authority to set a fair and reasonable buy-back rate.
“Small-scale distributed generation, like solar power, can be big part our clean energy future.
“Going solar will lower our carbon emissions, add resilience to our grid, enable people to gain greater independence from increasing power prices, and will create good green jobs throughout New Zealand.”
ends
© Scoop Media
Buffy fans, it's time to freak the freak out, because Alyson Hannigan and Seth Green are reuniting on the Mon, Dec 17 episode of How I Met Your Mother. Yay! I'm excited and I wasn't even a religious viewer of the show. I know, I KNOW, one day I plan to sit down and watch the entire series on Instant Netflix and it'll be like this.
Anyway, the episode is about:
[How I Met Your Mother's] Barney contemplates a big decision after confiding in Ted, while Ted grapples with the information. Meanwhile, Lily and Marshall running [sic] into Daryl (Seth Green), an old college acquaintance.
Although I'm not that into HIMYM, this sounds pretty delightful. Can you imagine if it was a musical episode directed by Joss Whedon? I would worry for the safety of the internet and its inhabitants.
Oz and Willow Together Again! [World of Wonder]
In September, Jim Carrey gave one of the better red-carpet interviews in recent memory, when, outside a Harper's Bazaar party at the Plaza, he said, of his presence at said party, “I wanted to come to the most meaningless thing I could come to.” He then did a quick James Brown impression, before growing more expansive: “I believe we're a field of energy dancing for itself. And I don't care.” The interviewer, wide-eyed, tried to steer him back toward Earth, but Carrey wasn't having it. “There is no me,” he said. It was a moment that blurred the line between person and persona—a rare example of celebrity clarity, or insanity, or else a stunt, or perhaps some of each. As such, it was very much like something that the late comedian Andy Kaufman might have done.
The timing of this interview was fitting, as it came a few months before Netflix's release of the documentary “Jim & Andy: The Great Beyond,” which chronicles Carrey's acclaimed performance as Kaufman in the film “Man on the Moon,” from 1999. The documentary, directed by Chris Smith, is getting attention for its footage of Carrey's method acting on the set of the original film, which portrayed the life and career of Kaufman, from his childhood on Long Island; to his role as Latka, on “Taxi”; to his conceptual, often surreal stage comedy. Carrey stayed in character for the entire shoot, either as Kaufman or as Kaufman's vulgar lounge-lizard alter ego Tony Clifton—going so far as to wear a paper bag over his head when he wasn't wearing the prosthetics and makeup needed to play Clifton. By 1999, Carrey was one of the biggest movie stars on the planet; he'd worked as a standup comedian for more than fifteen years before surging to mass popularity, in 1994, with the gross-out comedy “Ace Ventura: Pet Detective,” which was followed by a string of hits in a similar vein. In 1998, he took on his first dramatic role, in the “The Truman Show.” Carrey says, in “Jim & Andy,” that Universal, the studio behind “Man of the Moon,” had tried to bury the backstage footage in order to protect his movie-star image—“so that people wouldn't think Jim is an asshole.”
There are plenty of “asshole” moments taken from the more than a hundred hours of footage, which was shot by Kaufman's longtime girlfriend, Lynne Margulies, and his confidant Bob Zmuda. Carrey, as Kaufman, makes life hard on the Oscar-winning director Milos Forman, who is left pleading with him to coöperate. As Tony Clifton, he crashes a convertible on the lot and berates the crew, blares music in the makeup trailer, and barges into the offices of Steven Spielberg, demanding to talk about “Jaws.” Carrey antagonizes the wrestler Jerry Lawler—who famously sparred with Kaufman and who appears as himself in the film—leaving Lawler genuinely confused (he and Kaufman had been friends) and later provoking him to violence. For Carrey, Clifton was an especially natural fit: there has always been something bullying in Carrey's performances, a bold physical and emotional insistence that is at once alluring and off-putting—a mixture of aggression and vulnerability that dares you to look away, or to judge and dismiss, but also makes you afraid to do it, or feel bad for wanting to.
What's even more compelling than this unseen footage is the extended contemporary interview with Carrey that Smith uses to structure the documentary. Sporting a black leather jacket and a full, luxuriant achievement beard, Carrey insists that his role as Kaufman was less a matter of acting or impersonation than the result of a possession. After he was cast in the movie, he says, he attempted to communicate telepathically with Kaufman, who died, of cancer, in 1984, and looking out over the ocean he saw “like thirty dolphins” rise out of the water. “That's the moment that Andy Kaufman showed up, tapped me on the shoulder, and said, ‘Sit down, I'll be doing my movie,' ” Carrey says. “What happened afterwards was out of my control.” Then he stares straight at the camera with an insistent sincerity in his eyes and the hint of a smirk on his lips, daring you to doubt him.
It's a put-on, of course—a joke akin to Kaufman's insistence that he and Tony Clifton were different people. Or is it? In the documentary, Carrey speaks with phrases seemingly pulled from a grab bag of New Age spirituality. He talks about visiting, in the early nineties, a psychic who predicted his big break in Hollywood. He tells an old story about how, around the same time, he wrote himself a check for ten million dollars “for acting services rendered” and, within a few years, had earned that and more. (Smith includes a clip of Carrey, in 1997, telling that story to Oprah, who, years before her own infatuation with “The Secret,” appears to understand perfectly.) He recalls praying to God for a bicycle as a child and having it almost magically appear in his living room. From that point, he says, with no hint of irony, “whenever I wanted something to happen, I manifested it.”
Carrey's ideas may strain credibility, but they lead him to worthwhile insights into his work as an actor and comedian. Carrey recalls an epiphany he had during the early stages of his own standup career. He had struggled to determine what the audiences who watched him wanted, and one night, he says, he shot out of bed with the answer: “They want to be free from concern.” The best way to provide that kind of transporting release, he decided, was to become free from concern himself onstage—to lean into his maddest physical and mental instincts, and to give himself fully over to what he refers to as his Hyde, a latent personality devoted to pleasing others by exploring the outer extremes of performance. Think of all his faces, tics, catchphrases, and pratfalls—the disfiguring and humbling of his body in front of others for their delight and approval. It was the stuff that launched him to superstardom. It was also, he says elsewhere in the documentary, while in character as Kaufman, a kind of cowardice, the manifestation of his desire to be liked by everyone.
This confession injects a fascinating tension. Kaufman, after all, was lionized specifically for his comedic bravery—for his seeming disregard for the audience and compulsion to follow his ideas to their own, often unsettling ends. His combination of passivity and hostility on “Letterman,” his deadly earnest Elvis impersonation, his odd forays into pro wrestling all seemed designed to generate immense concern in those watching him perform.
Carrey reveres the mythology that surrounds Kaufman's risk-taking, and seems to lament his own unwillingness to take things as far. During a re-creation of a wrestling match between Kaufman and Lawler for “Man on the Moon,” Carrey goaded Lawler to attack him and then, much like Kaufman had done, pretended to be severely injured. Carrey was taken from the set on a backboard and driven away in an ambulance; his manager went out to read to the press a statement blasting Lawler. The whole thing, a creation of Carrey's alone, made it on the nightly news. Yet he couldn't keep the secret that it had been a hoax. “I probably should never have told people,” he says. “I'm not the same personality as Andy—Andy would never tell you.” Carrey, however, undersells the key elements that he and Kaufman share. Though they operate mostly on different registers, there is, in both performers, just beneath the surface, a palpable rage, an almost cruel compulsiveness that makes you wince as much as laugh.
“Jim & Andy” finds Carrey in an intriguing place, what he calls “a quiet, gentle seat in the universe.” Other than a sequel to “Dumb and Dumber,” in 2014, he hasn't had a major movie role since 2011. “I don't want anything,” Carrey says. “I have no ambition.” By telling the story of the actor's career in rough parallel with the footage from “Man on the Moon,” Smith has created a narrative of multiple disappearing acts: a story not only of Carrey's disappearance into the character of Andy Kaufman but of Carrey's earlier disappearance into the role of a public, popular performer. Now Carrey is contemplating a further disappearance, the erasure of that popular persona—what he meant, perhaps, when he insisted to that fashion reporter that he had ceased to exist. But it's slippery ground. Becoming someone entirely new is exactly the kind of thing that you'd expect Jim Carrey to try—and he seems to remain enlivened by performance. “I wonder if I could do that with other people,” he muses, reflecting a final time on his inhabitation of—or cohabitation with—Kaufman. “I wonder what would happen if I decided to just be Jesus.” Then he smiles, and lifts a mug of tea to his lips, with that famous and worrying glimmer of mischief in his eyes.
The Republican Party has been "badly damaged" by the government shutdown, according to an NBC/Wall Street Journal poll released Thursday evening, which finds public opinion souring on the GOP and some of its core positions.
Americans blamed Republicans over President Barack Obama for the shutdown by a margin of 22 percentage points, with 53 percent saying the GOP deserved more blame, and 31 percent saying Obama did. Approval ratings for the Republican Party and the tea party were at 24 percent and 21 percent respectively -- both record lows as measured by NBC/WSJ.
Democrats aren't wildly popular either. Obama's approval rating is a marginally positive 47 percent, while the Democratic Party is at 39 percent, and congressional Democrats are at 36 percent.
A slim plurality of Americans say Obama should negotiate with Republicans, even before they agree to a deal that reopens the government or raises the debt ceiling. The president's approval has remained stable since the shutdown, and there are signs that Democrats may get a boost from the shutdown's political effects.
Voters were 8 points more likely to say they'd prefer a Democratic-controlled Congress over a Republican-controlled Congress, a 5-point shift toward the Democrats since last month. Support for the new health care law, the touchstone of the government shutdown, rose a net 8 points from September, while the belief that government should do more to solve problems was up 8 points from June.
“That is an ideological boomerang,” Bill McInturff, the GOP pollster who conducts the NBC/WSJ poll along with Democratic pollster Peter Hart, told NBC. “As the debate has been going on, if there is a break, there is a break against the Republican position.”
The poll found that 42 percent think the economy will worsen over the next year, nearly doubling since September, and nearly eight in 10 think the country is on the wrong track. The number who think the country is on the right track has fallen by half since September.
WSJ/NBC pollsters said the survey showed some of the most dramatic shifts they had seen in decades in public attitudes toward the well-being of the country, the direction of the economy and wider political sentiment, according to the Journal.
"What is stunning about these results is just how hard and how quickly public attitudes have landed on the shutdown," said Hart, a Democratic pollster, according to the Journal. He said the poll showed "a broad disgust for the political system."
The NBC/WSJ's findings are largely in line with other recent polling, but with some differences. A Gallup survey released Wednesday found the Republicans' favorable rating the lowest for either party since 1992. While an AP-GfK poll found the president, as well as Congress, taking a serious approval hit, other surveys found Obama's approval either stable or down by 1 or 2 percentage points.
Polls on who's to blame for the shutdown have generally shown Republicans being faulted most, but the margin varies, with some surveys last week showing the blame more evenly distributed.
The NBC/WSJ poll surveyed 800 adults by phone from Oct. 7 to Oct. 9.
With broad and near-unanimous bipartisan support, the Virginia General Assembly passed a series of bills this year to defend the public's right to privacy from new mass surveillance technologies.
To his credit, Gov. Terry McAuliffe almost immediately signed a bill to require law enforcement to obtain a warrant before tracking people's mobile phones with cell tower emulators, often called “stingrays.” But he initially balked at two other bills: one that would have also required police to get a warrant before using drones and another that would've placed strict limitations on other mass surveillance technologies, including a seven-day limit on the retention of locational data collected through automatic license plate readers (ALPR).
McAuliffe sent these two measures back to the legislature with suggested amendments, who sent them right back to his desk with only the slightest changes. The message was clear: these protections are what Virginians want and what they deserve.
The second time around, McAuliffe signed the drone bill, but he vetoed the ALPR bill, parroting the flawed talking points of the device manufacturers and law enforcement lobby groups:
Many localities in Virginia retain this data for 60 days to two years. Seven days is a substantial reduction. Additionally, law enforcement agencies demonstrate that crimes are often not reported until several weeks later. Under this bill, essential data would not be available at the time of those reports. This is particularly concerning when considering implications for the National Capitol Region, where cross-state collaboration and information-sharing are essential to responding to potential criminal or terrorist activity occurring near Virginia's borders.
What McAuliffe fails to mention is those law enforcement agencies are already breaking Virginia's Data Act by storing ALPR data, as the Virginia Attorney General determined in a 2013 legal opinion [PDF]. He also pays little attention to the threat to personal privacy that ALPRs represent: by collecting information on every driver, police are treating the entire population as if they're suspects in a criminal investigation. Even more worrisome is how these cameras, which are capable of collecting thousands of locational data points a day, can potentially reveal the intimate details of a person's life, including religious preferences, political affiliations, medical conditions, and romantic relationships. Indeed, as the ACLU of Virginia notes:
In 2013, public records revealed that during the 2008 election, Virginia State Police used ALPRs to collect information about people attending rallies for candidates Sarah Palin and Barack Obama, and later targeted vehicles crossing from Virginia to Washington for Obama's inauguration.
McAuliffe also failed to address some of the more questionable techniques used by ALPR companies to shield their products from public scrutiny, such as contracts that forbid agencies from talking candidly publicly about the technology. In Lansing, Michigan, police have given up on ALPRs because they were unreliable and drained the batteries of their cars. In San Francisco, police have been sued after a false positive resulted in a confrontation between officers and an innocent government employee.
The ACLU of Virginia isn't giving up. Five days after McAuliffe acted on the bills, the organization filed a lawsuit [PDF] against the Fairfax County Police Department, which, despite the Attorney General's guidance, has been storing ALPR data for up to a year and sharing that data with other law enforcement agencies in the region. If successful, the lawsuit could potentially have an even stronger impact on ALPR limits than what the bill would have provided.
We're very proud of the hundreds of EFF supporters in Virginia who sent letters to their lawmakers and tweeted at the governor about these measures. And, again, we commend McAuliffe for signing bills to limit the use of stingrays and drones, but we'll be rooting for the ACLU as they pursue other means to challenge invasive technologies such as ALPRs.
Just two weeks into its 1934 season, the University of Michigan football team faced mounting adversity. The Wolverines had been shut out by teams from the University of Chicago and Michigan State, and a home game against Georgia Tech loomed. But off the field, athletic director Fielding Yost had a decision to make. The Yellow Jackets still observed the Jim Crow laws of the South, frowning upon the participation of black athletes within their program. They frowned upon lining up against them, too. Georgia Tech publicly refused to meet the Wolverines at Michigan Stadium if Yost and head coach Harry Kipke sent out Willis Ward, the team's star end. But Ward was no ordinary end. In his track career, he bested Ohio State's Jesse Owens in the 100-yard dash and was a three-year starter for the football team. Ward also was black. Similar incidents had occurred across the Midwest in games pitting teams from opposite sides of the Mason-Dixon line. But the controversy gathered steam in Ann Arbor as local protesters and news outlets aired opinions on the topic. The story, slated to be part of a film documentary, is a demonstration of racial equality — one that would go on to shape policy at U-M and across the United States — when Ward's close friend and teammate loudly protested what he called “raw prejudice.” That teammate was Gerald R. Ford.
The stuff of legend
At Ford's funeral services on Jan. 2, 2007, President George W. Bush eulogized the Grand Rapids native and nation's 38th president with a speech that featured a segment on the two former U-M teammates. “Gerald Ford was furious at Georgia Tech for making the demand, and for the University of Michigan for caving in,” Bush said. “He agreed to play only after Willis Ward personally asked him to. The stand Gerald Ford took that day was never forgotten by his friend. And Gerald Ford never forgot that day either — and three decades later, he proudly supported the Civil Rights Act and the Voting Rights Act in the United States Congress.” And while many who heard the speech knew of Ford's political views and how he assumed the presidency in a tumultuous post-Watergate era, few knew the story of Willis Ward.
Ford's youngest son, Steven, only heard the anecdote for the first time in 1994 while with his family at Michigan Stadium to celebrate his father's No. 48 jersey being retired. “I'm watching Dad and he's got tears in his eyes as the halftime is over,” Steven Ford said. “We're all standing there, trying to soak it in and this man pulls me aside — he'd gone to college with my dad — and starts telling me the story.” As the story goes, Georgia Tech expected Michigan to follow the “gentleman's agreement” which coerced Northern schools into benching their black players when playing teams from the South. Yost — a West Virginia native who had ties to Southern schools — obliged, despite pressure from local media and protesters, as well as the opportunity to call off the game well before the season started. “(Georgia Tech coach) W.A. Alexander said to Fielding Yost, ‘Michigan has this tradition and we have ours. In order to avoid this embarrassment, we can cancel the game.' But Fielding Yost was not interested in canceling the game,” said Tyran Steward, a doctoral student in history at Ohio State, who wrote his master's thesis on the topic while studying at Eastern Michigan University. “We understand Fielding Yost to be very influential in making contributions to the University of Michigan. He is, in many ways, to be thanked for putting U of M on the map in becoming a football powerhouse. He is, in all intents and purposes, the architect of the Big Ten. But he is also an individual who was committed to racial bigotry and racial prejudice. He's a son of the South.” Ford, the team's starting center, was enraged at the idea of taking the field without his close friend. Ward called Ford the first friend he made at Michigan, as the two entered as freshmen together and roomed together on road trips. “But when Ford found out about it, he was just outraged and went to Harry Kipke and told him if (Ward) didn't play, (Ford) was going to quit the team,” said Buddy Moorehouse, a Michigan film director who is partnering with filmmaker Brian Kruger to create a documentary on the incident they hope to include in a 10-part series this year about the history of Michigan football. In the end, it was Ward himself who encouraged Ford to play in the game, citing the team's poor start and need for Ford's play. “Apparently it was one of the best games Ford ever had,” Moorehouse said. “During the game, there was this player on Georgia Tech that was using racial slurs and talking trash. Ford and this other Michigan lineman put a hit on this guy that knocked him out of the game. Afterward, they went and told Ward, ‘That was for you.'” Michigan won the game, 9-2. It would be the team's only win of the season. Ward earned a law degree and went on to serve as the chairman of the Michigan Public Service Commission, as well as a probate judge in Wayne County. His friend, Jerry, went on to be president of the United States. Neither of them forgot 1934. “Willis Ward becomes one of those individuals in the same vein as Jackie Robinson, Booker T. Washington, Joe Louis — figures who attempt to work within the framework of American democracy and believe in working side-by-side with whites to attack these injurious racial issues,” Steward said. Ford also remained true to the incident, landing himself far left of many of his fellow Republicans on issues such as civil rights and affirmative action. “Jerry Ford, throughout his life, kept looking back at the discrimination that Willis Ward faced, and it really helped him form his opinions on things like civil rights and affirmative action,” Moorehouse said.
In 1999, Ford wrote an editorial for the New York Times about “the pursuit of racial justice” in favor of the contentious affirmative action policy. The theme of the piece was Willis Ward. “His sacrifice led me to question how educational administrators could capitulate to raw prejudice. A university, after all, is both a preserver of tradition and a hotbed of innovation. So long as books are kept open, we tell ourselves, minds can never be closed,” Ford wrote. “But doors, too, must be kept open. Tolerance, breadth of mind and appreciation for the world beyond our neighborhoods: These can be learned on the football field and in the science lab as well as in the lecture hall. But only if students are exposed to America in all her variety.” Steven Ford may have reached his adult years before first hearing the story of the 1934 Wolverines, but Samuel “Buzz” Thomas has been hearing stories about his grandfather, Willis Ward, for years. “It's really about more than politics,” said Thomas, who recently served eight years as a state senator for Michigan's 4th district and currently leads a Detroit-based public affairs consulting group. “It's about being a part of the big Michigan family and one big human family. Gerald Ford is a giant for acknowledging and doing what he did in the 1930s.” Since first hearing the story before his grandfather's death in the early 1980s, Thomas has taken to telling the tale himself. Thomas found himself discussing his lineage on the Senate floor in 2007, a year after Ford died. There was debate in the Senate about replacing a statue of Zachariah Chandler — a former U.S. senator and secretary of the interior and one of Michigan's two statues in the National Statuary Hall Collection at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, D.C. — with a statue of the late Gerald Ford. So Thomas recounted the story of Ford and his grandfather. “I simply became the Democratic voice supporting the Republican president as someone we could be proud of,” Thomas said. “He'd done some very laudable things at a time when people didn't do what he was doing. Friendship mattered more to him. It was something my grandfather never forgot throughout his whole adult life.” After the room came to a hush, the resolution passed; there now is a Gerald Ford statue in Washington, D.C. And there is a story that many — Moorehouse, Steward, Thomas and Steven Ford included — will continue to tell. “When my dad's teammate told me the story, he said, ‘Son, do you know what respect is?' And I just kind of stood there with tears running down my eyes as he was talking about respect and character,” Steven Ford said. “He said, ‘Respect is what you do when nobody's watching. And nobody was watching your dad as a young kid at the University of Michigan.”
E-mail the author of this story: sports@grpress.com
Exactly 40 years ago the Vietnamese burst into Saigon, catching the Americans in their underpants. As well as mounting a brave defence of their country, the Vietnamese used one superpower's firepower to defeat another.
To get a sense of how viciously the Vietnam War was fought and – more importantly – the sweeping nature of Vietnamese victory, chew on this: during the conflict the Americans lost more than 2,000 aircraft; the Vietnamese lost just 131 planes.
This astounding record notched up by the Vietnamese against a superpower with virtually unlimited military resources – and which could also count on combat support from allies such as Australia, South Korea and New Zealand – was possible because of the almost superhuman fight put by the Vietnamese military and civilians.
The war began in 1954 and ended with a Vietnamese victory on April 30, 1975. For this resounding victory the people of Vietnam did not just make tremendous sacrifices; they made those sacrifices count. The Vietnamese leadership evacuated entire cities (600,000 of Hanoi's 800,000 civilians moved out from the city to the countryside and mountains); children went to school with leaves attached to their shoulders as camouflage from aerial attacks; transport trucks hid by day in the jungles and moved at night guided by lights hung under their chassis.
Vietnamese engineers invented submersible bridges which could not be seen from the air. They also developed a complex network of tunnels – some of them passing right under American-held areas – to move troops, food, fuel, civilians and the injured.
They made each bullet count. On December 22, 1972 a Vietnamese anti-aircraft unit using a single-barrel 14.7 mm gun shot down an F-111 supersonic fighter-bomber. What was remarkable was the anti-aircraft gun had only 19 shells left when they spotted the American aircraft.
While Vietnamese morale, patriotism, superior training and the belief that theirs was a just cause were clearly critical factors, the victory was also due to the virtually ceaseless flow of weapons from Russia.
During the 1950s and early 1960s, Moscow had employed a hands-off policy towards the conflict in Southeast Asia. Premier Nikita Khrushchev, for instance, wanted to avoid yet another nuclear standoff as had happened in 1962 in Cuba. But his successors Alexey Kosygin and Leonid Brezhnev wanted to please the hardliners in the Soviet military and consequently ramped up military aid.
Russians are coming
By the spring of 1967, a river of aid was flowing from Russia into North Vietnam.
By the late 1960s more than three-quarters of the military and technical equipment received by North Vietnam was coming from Moscow. Sergei Blagov writes in Asia Times that Moscow contributed weapons essential to North Vietnamese defence capabilities against the American air war, including radar systems, anti-aircraft artillery, surface-to-air missiles (SAMs). “Without this material, Vietnamese air defence would have been hardly feasible,” he says.
Russia military supplies completely transformed the nature of the war. Unlike what they show you in Hollywood movies, the Vietnamese did not fight with just cunning and camouflage, they hit the Americans with firepower on a staggering scale. Their arsenal included 2,000 tanks, 7,000 artillery guns, over 5,000 anti-aircraft guns and 158 surface-to-air rocket launchers.
The new weapons – although not the latest in Moscow's arsenal – were more advanced than the American ones, leading to many battlefield routs of US military forces. American aircraft ran into skies streaking with SAMs and thick with ack-ack salvoes.
Entire waves of American aircraft were blasted out of the skies because the Vietnamese fired ceaseless barrages of SAMs, knowing more Russian supplies were on their way. “In August 1965, the first SAMs were fired at four F-4 Phantoms over Vietnam, shooting down three. This marked the first time that US planes were attacked by SAMs,” writes Blagov.
US strategic bombers tumbled out of the skies after being hit by Russian-supplied SAMs (the granddaddies of today's S-300 and S-400 missiles). Russian crews fired SAMs at the B-52 bombers, which were the first raiders shot down over Hanoi. A Soviet rocketeer told Russian Radio: “After our arrival in Vietnam, American pilots refused to fly.” (However, after 1966, no Soviet troops directly participated in combat because the Vietnamese forces had been trained to handle the Soviet equipment, the Russian magazine Eko Planety – Echo of the Planet – says.)
Jets that survived these brutal knockouts were picked out by Vietnamese Air Force aces flying MiG-17s and MiG-21s; these combat aircraft were vectored towards their targets by Russian-supplied radars.
To give you an idea of just what the Vietnamese were up against, in 1965 just 30 MiGs were doing combat against 660 American aircraft. And yet the Americans lost 46 F-4 fighters, of which 13 were downed by MiGs.
The odds were evened soon. In 1966 the Vietnamese Air Force started receiving the latest MiG-21 interceptor. On July 7, two MiG-21s shot down an F-105 with a Russian Atoll air-to-air missile, creating panic in the US Air Force.
By now the Vietnamese pilots were growing more familiar with their Russian jets. Roger Boniface writes in MIGs Over North Vietnam: “The MiG-17 pilots started to indulge in dogfights with American aircraft; the former were growing in confidence all the time as they could constantly turn inside the faster F-4s and use their cannon to lethal effect from close range. The MiG-21 would use their superior speed and dive on the Americans from higher altitudes. The VPAF would use both the MiG-17 and MiG-21 against the Americans, using their techniques in unison by catching the Americans in what can only be described as a diving and turning “sandwich”.
The American pilots became so scared of encountering the Vietnamese air aces that they in several cases they fled the scene of combat at full speed.
Early warning by Russian military intelligence saved countless Vietnamese lives. Truong Nhu Tang, a senior North Vietnamese official, writes in A Viet Cong Memoir that Russian ships in the South China Sea gave vital early warnings to Vietnamese forces. Russian ships would pick up American B-52 bombers flying from Okinawa and Guam. Their airspeed and direction would be noted and then relayed to Vietnamese political and military headquarters. The Vietnamese would then calculate the bombing target and vector their fighters into attack trajectories. This advance warning gave them time to move out of the way of the bombers and while the bombing runs caused extensive damage, because of the early warnings from 1968-1970 they did not kill a single military or civilian leader in the headquarters complexes.
Russia also supplied Vietnam with medical supplies, food, oil, machinery and spare parts. And unlike the material and weapons supplied by China – which demanded deferred payment – most Russian assistance was supplied as aid rather than loans. Over the course of the war the money donated to the Vietnamese cause was equal to $2 million a day.
In late March 1965, Brezhnev announced that his government had been receiving "many applications" from Soviet citizens offering to serve as volunteers in Vietnam. However, Russian freelancers were not really needed. From July 1965 to the end of 1974, around 6,500 officers and generals, as well as more than 4,500 soldiers and sergeants of the Russian armed forces visited the country as ‘advisors'. In addition, Russian military schools and academies trained more than 10,000 Vietnamese military personnel. Just 13 Soviet citizens lost their lives in the entire conflict, says Eko Planety.
Kalashnikov vs Colt
On the ground the picture was grimmer – if that was possible – for the Americans. The Vietnam War was the first conflict in history in which assault rifles were used by both sides on an extensive scale.
Vietnamese soldiers were fortunate to get that era's most advanced rifle – the AK-47. The Kalashnikov's lighter bullet meant each Vietnamese could carry around 350 bullets on their person, which allowed them to fight long after their opponents ran out of ammo. The rifle was also remarkably low-maintenance, translating into better performance in Vietnam's wet and humid environment.
In contrast the American infantryman was armed with the shockingly poor Colt M16, which jammed so often that newly arriving American soldiers would perform the macabre drama of walking amidst injured or dying American soldiers to grab M16s that hadn't jammed during battle.
There were numerous instances of American platoons losing firefights because of malfunctioning M16s. During a night ambush by Vietnamese guerrillas, the last words radioed by an American company of troops were: “Out of hand grenades, all weapons jammed.”
The situation was so dire that some Americans started picking up AK-47s that belonged to dead Vietnamese soldiers, Esquire magazine reports. It was a dangerous practice because it risked drawing ‘friendly' fire, owing to the Kalashnikov and the M16 having distinctly different sounds. On one occasion a US sergeant carrying an AK-47 was stopped by his commander, who demanded to know why he was carrying a Russian weapon. The sergeant replied, “Because it works!”
The AK-47 vs M16 scenario was symbolic of the superior quality of Russian weaponry throughout the war. In fact, Russian weapons performed so well that the Chinese started pilfering the shiny new gear passing through their territory. Moscow was forced to use the dangerous sea route to ensure the Vietnamese got the supplies they needed to win the war.
American losses would have been greater had Russia provided the Vietnamese armed forces with the latest weapons in its arsenal. For instance, the OSA class missile boats – that India had used to destroy Karachi harbour during the 1971 War – never reached Vietnamese navy. These boats armed with the highly accurate Styx missile had the potential to play havoc with the US Navy. Perhaps the brass at Moscow believed the Americans would have resorted to a nuclear strike on Vietnam had they lost one of their large capital ships such as the aircraft carrier Enterprise.
Blagov says the Vietnamese reportedly complained they were getting missiles of obsolete designs. “Some of the missile complexes supplied to Vietnam from the Soviet Union during the war were actually second-hand weapons, produced in 1956-1958,” he writes. “The main reason for Moscow's failure to supply North Vietnam with the newest armaments was the Kremlin's fear that the Vietnamese could leak Soviet military secrets to the Chinese.”
Endgame
Carl von Clausewitz defined war as, “an act of force to compel the enemy to do our will”. The Vietnamese generals simply refused to give the much larger American military the war it wanted. Through their brilliant strategies and sustained firepower they compelled the US to withdraw its forces and finally dump its puppet government in Saigon.
On April 30, 1975 the world was treated to the sight of Vietnamese T-54 tanks bursting through the gates of the Presidential Palace in Saigon. In another part of the city, angry Vietnamese stormed the US embassy, catching the American ambassador Graham Martin virtually in his underpants. Vietnamese army units had the helicopter in which he was being evacuated in their sights but the long war was finally over and they figured it wasn't worth adding his miserable scalp to the American toll of 58,200 dead, more than 150,000 injured and 1600 missing.
All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta.
Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen denied allegations from Donald Trump that the Fed is keeping interests rates low to support the Obama administration, saying it is an independent agency.
Speaking at a news conference Wednesday afternoon, Yellen said politics do not play into the Fed's decisions. The Fed decided to leave interest rates unchanged on Wednesday, in a predictable decision that indicates improvements in the economy, but not enough strength to bear higher borrowing costs.
“I can say emphatically that partisan politics plays no role in our decisions about the appropriate stance of monetary policy,” Yellen said.
Trump on Monday said Yellen should be “ashamed” of keeping interests rates low. Although he has previously said he supports her policies, the Republican nominee said in April that he would replace Yellen if elected president.
“She's obviously political and doing what Obama wants her to do, and I know that's not supposed to be the way it is,” Trump told CNBC.
Yellen said the Fed is trying to “decide what the best policy is to foster price stability and maximum employment to manage the variety of risks that we see as affecting the outlook.”
“We do not discuss politics at our meetings and we do not take politics into account in our decisions,” she said.
The numbers for the first episode of Dark Matter are in - it pulled an 0.3 rating and 1.279 million viewers. Defiance, which aired the same night, pulled an 0.2 rating and 1.111 million viewers. (x)
To put that in Mallozzi perspective:
Stargate Universe premiered with 2.346 million viewers; the final episode had 1.134 million viewers.
premiered with 2.346 million viewers; the final episode had 1.134 million viewers. Stargate Atlantis premiered with a 1.7 rating and 4.2 million viewers; the final episode had a 1.4 ratings and 2.0 million viewers.
premiered with a 1.7 rating and 4.2 million viewers; the final episode had a 1.4 ratings and 2.0 million viewers. Stargate SG-1 premiered on Showtime with 1.5 million viewers; the final episode on the SciFi Channel had a 1.7 rating with 2.2 million viewers.
For the record, when Stargate Atlantis premiered it broke all records for the biggest ratings of any show in SciFi Channel history and the only show on the network to premiere with more than 4 million viewers. (x)
• ‘This is the right place for me,' says tug-of-war schoolboy midfielder • Dembélé has played for Scotland Under-16s and England Under-15s
The talented schoolboy Karamoko Dembélé has committed his future to Celtic after signing a Scottish Football Association youth registration contract. The 14-year-old midfielder hit the headlines when he made his debut for Celtic Under-20s at the age of 13 in October.
Dembélé is at the centre of an international tug-of-war, having already played for both Scotland Under-16s and England Under-15s.
He is also in demand at club level but he will continue his coaching and education programme with Celtic and their partnership school, St Ninian's High in Kirkintilloch.
Celtic's 13-year-old starlet Karamoko Dembélé makes debut for U20s Read more
The head of youth, Chris McCart, told the club website: “Clearly there has been considerable publicity surrounding Karamoko but our focus will be solely on Karamoko's needs as a young player and we will commit ourselves, as we do with all our players, to giving him the very best opportunity to flourish in football and all other aspects of life.
“Like all young players, it is very important that Karamoko is given the time and space to reach his potential and we believe that our programme will provide such an environment.”
McCart added: “He is still a very young player and he knows how difficult it is to reach the very top in football but we will give him everything he needs to achieve what he can in the game.”
The teenager said: “I'm delighted to have signed at such a wonderful club and I think this is the right place for me to fulfil my potential and achievements. And my goal is to reach the first team.
“It's not going to be easy becoming a footballer at such a big club but I will show hard work, commitment and the biggest one for me, responsibility.”
The player's father, Losseni Dembélé, added: “For me it's about my son's development and I feel that there isn't a better place than Celtic for him at the moment. He has been here since he was six and it would be brilliant to see him playing at Celtic Park in front of 60,000 fans but I know this will not happen easily and will take hard work and patience.”
In a bid to appear more intelligent, more than 60 per cent of people have lied about reading classic novels. A leading research team polled 2,000 members of the British public to find out the tactics people employ to appear more intelligent, with some enlightening results.
The most popular ruse is pretending to have read classic novels, with 42 per cent of people relying on film and TV adaptations, or summaries found online, to feign knowledge of the novels. Surprisingly, half of the adults questioned admit to having displayed books on their shelves without ever having read them.
The more dedicated members of the surveyed group (three per cent) even admit to hiding the low brow magazines and books they are reading inside publications which make them appear more intelligent.
The top ten books people claim to have read, but haven't, are:
1984 by George Orwell – 26%
War and Peace by Leo Tolstoy – 19%
Great Expectations by Charles Dickens – 18%
Catcher in the Rye by J D Salinger – 15%
A Passage to India by E M Forster – 12%
Lord of the Rings by J R R Tolkein – 11%
To Kill A Mockingbird by Harper Lee – 10%
Crime and Punishment by Fyodor Dostoyevsky – 8%
Pride and Prejudice by Jane Austen – 8%
Jane Eyre by Charlotte Brontë – 5%
Titles that just missed the cut are The Bible (3%), Homer's Odyssey (3%) and Wuthering Heights (2%).
Other tactics employed by people to make themselves appear smarter include changing their appearance, correcting other people's grammar, dropping famous quotes into conversation and claiming a higher level of fluency in a foreign language.
The survey even found some regional differences among respondents. Those in the South West and West Midlands are the most likely to pretend they have read books that they haven't. While those residing in the North East are most likely to correct other people's grammar. However, they are also more likely to be lying about their own academic achievements, with 19 per cent inventing attainment levels compared with the national average of just 14 per cent.
Follow @TelegraphBooks
Members of the Registers of Wills and Clerks of Orphans' Court Association have unanimously approved a resolution abstaining from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples.
The vote, taken this week at the association's annual conference, comes amid a decision by one Pennsylvania court official to defy state law and issue the licenses to same-sex couples.
Bruce Hanes, the Montgomery County Register of Wills on Wednesday began issuing the licenses, and at least one lesbian couple held a marriage ceremony and filed their license with the county.
Larry Medaglia, the Berks County Register of Wills, who authored the resolution, said all the members present at conference agreed they would not issue licenses to gay or lesbian couples.
“The only way that is going to change given the resolution and the sentiment in the room and all the discussion is if the Legislature and the governor enact a different law or if the courts should overturn it and mandate a change,” said Medaglia, a former president of the association. “We don't have the authority to do what Bruce Hanes is doing in Montgomery County. Frankly he doesn't have the authority to do it.”
Glenda Farner Strasbaugh, the Cumberland County Register of Wills, said Hanes was violating state law.
“I took an oath to uphold the law and constitution of Pennsylvania and I intend to do that. I'm not going to go out on my own and disobey because I feel differently...I don't have the authority to act on my own.”
The resolution reaffirms the state law that bans same-sex marriage and gives no recognition to same-sex marriages performed in other states.
The ACLU of Pennsylvania has filed a federal lawsuit on behalf of 23 plaintiffs seeking to overturn that law. Two court officials are named as defendants, along with Gov. Tom Corbett and Attorney General Kathleen Kane. Kane said she would not defend the law in court.
View full size View full size
Jean Marfizo King, Dauphin County Register of Wills, said her decision to uphold state law in no way speaks to her views on gay marriage.
“Whether I'm for gay marriage or against it, it's irrelevant,” said the first-term court official. “I've been elected by the people to follow the law and the law clearly states that marriage is between one man, one woman. I can't interpret that as Mr. Hanes has.”
The conference was held in Washington County and attended by the majority of court officials across the state. Hanes was not present, Medaglia said.
This week's developments in Montgomery County dominated conversation at the conference, association members said.
“Everybody was talking about it,” King said. “But it wasn't about should we have gay marriage or not. That wasn't the question. The question was are we following the law or not.”
King said she had no idea where her peers stood on the gay marriage issue.
“I think its says a lot of us as individuals,” she said. “We are here to carry out the law and that's the law right now whether we agree or disagree.”
Medaglia said Hanes, regardless of his motivation, in the long run, is doing more harm than good.
“Not only is he acting recklessly, he is doing harm to the couples that have gone in and applied for licenses and have gone through some ceremony to confirm their marriage,” he said. “This in all likelihood will be overturned. They end up harmed again. I don't think he is doing them any favors whatsoever.”
Medaglia said that late Tuesday, after learning Hanes intended to issue the licenses, he sent him an email.
“I told him I thought it was a very bad idea in that we, as an association, work very hard when we are going to affect change in some issue to work in a very non-partisan way that is good for members and for the people we serve,” said Medaglia, a 17-year incumbent. “This isn't going to do any of that and it puts every single clerk of orphans of the court in a bad position. If we are going to follow the oath we took, we are going to have to act in a way contrary to what he is doing.”
Medaglia said he asked Hanes to reconsider, but has yet to hear back from him.
He said the association has no enforcement authority to compel Hanes to cease his actions. He said, more than likely, an independent group or constituents.
Rep. Daryl Metcalfe, a Butler County Republican, is calling for the impeachment of Hanes and Kane.
“I suppose its possible that court could independently order him to stop but that's a pretty extraordinary move for a court," Medaglia said. "Courts will not usually act on something unless they have an issue that is properly before them.”
Memorial Union on the campus of Indiana University-Bloomington. (Photo: Provided by Indiana University)
The governing body of Delta Tau Delta announced Monday it has suspended the charter for the fraternity's Beta Alpha chapter at Indiana University Bloomington.
The decision comes after multiple violations of Delta Tau Delta's risk management policy, according to a release from the national fraternity. That includes multiple instances of hazing within the chapter's new member education program.
“There is no place for hazing in Delta Tau Delta. It is absolutely contrary to our values and will not be tolerated,” said Jim Russell, executive vice president of the national fraternity. “The fraternity is clear about its expectations.”
Members of the chapter were notified of the charter's suspension Monday night. Withdrawal proceedings will be effective immediately, according to the release.
National officials addressed the ramifications of poor conduct at the beginning of the 2016-17 academic year, after the chapter violated sanctions imposed by the national fraternity in spring 2016,
"While made aware of our conduct requirements, the chapter chose to ignore them during the fall 2016 semester with full knowledge the national fraternity could revoke its charter,” Russell said in the release.
Call IndyStar reporter Holly Hays at (317) 444-6156. Follow her on Twitter: @hollyvhays.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/2jn6hEa
I have been a professional circus artist for the best part of the last decade. Since 2011 I've also been a photographer.
The artists are often known for their “sequins and smiles” but we all started out on the street, and that's what I wanted to bring back, the human side.
I've been travelling the world and meeting some of the most amazing people from every country. Here is a small selection of what they do, and how I like to capture it.
More info: norbiwhitney.com | Facebook | Instagram
Olivier – German Wheel – Canada
Amie – Handstands – Australia
Clemence – Acrobatic Bicycle – Canada
Zach – Aerial Straps – Australia
Florian – Cyr Wheel – Switzerland
Arisa – Contortion – Japan
T-Roc – Acrobatics – USA
Sevane – Unicycle – Switzerland
Vladimir – Juggling – Chile
Pranay – Diabolo – Germany
Amanda – Handstands – Australia
Koke – Juggling – Chile
Melissa – Aerial Straps – Mexico
Ela – Contortion – Australia
Liam – Diabolo – USA
Dominique – Juggling – Canada
Coralie – Contortion – Canada
David & Ashleigh – Adagio – Australia
national
Accused Hasnain Warekar used his expertise in animal sacrifice to make clean, fatal cuts; cops suspect he might have made a past attempt to poison his family
The Warekar family massacre seems to get more twisted with each new revelation, with sources now stating that the 35-year-old accused Hasnain Warekar, was an expert at animal sacrifices, and used his sacrificial knife to ensure he made clean, fatal cuts on his sleeping family members. Forensic experts also recovered an unidentified powder from the crime scene and will test it for poison or sedative qualities.
Neighbours gathered outside the residence of Hasnain Warekar
Investigations have also revealed that three of the family members who were living with Hasnain (his parents and his maiden sister Batul) were admitted in hospital in June 2012 with stomach problem. Thane CP Param Bir Singh told mid-day, “We have learnt that the three were admitted in hospital and suspect that Hasnain might have given them some medicine or something that led to poisoning. No case was registered then. We found a powder at the crime scene and suspect it was given to him by the tantrik he was consulting.”
A body being taken to the postmortem centre. Pics/Datta Kumbhar
The Kasarvadavali police have registered a case of murder and attempt to murder under the IPC and sections of the Arms Act. The youngest sister in the family, Sobiya, who was the only survivor, told relatives and the police: “Bhaijaan ne qurbani ki chhuri se sab ko maara”.
“Hasnain was very interested in offering animal sacrifice during Qurbani Eid. He made exact cuts to slit the right blood vessel in the neck to ensure the victims died,” said an eyewitness who has carried the body to the ambulance.
The survivor, Sobiya, denied there was any property dispute between the siblings and said that she doesn't know what prompted Hasnain to take the extreme step.
“She is under great trauma. We will also speak to the husbands of the deceased sisters once they have completed the last rites,” said Joint Commissioner of Police Ashutosh Dhumbre.
Fingerprint expert Pandurang Pawar, who surveyed the crime scene and took samples, said, “One bloody fingerprint was found; we will check it against the fingerprint of the accused. We will send it to Pune and it will take about a month for the reports.”
Single track Streamliners “Liners” are usually a fantasy for most recumbent riders. Why? – these bikes are all handcrafted custom builds for a specific rider with purpose. With exception of the very few – most “liners” are used for racing only. Example – the current world record for Human Power is held by Sam Whittingham @ 82.3 mph. The reason one does not see these liner's out on the open road for daily use is that the hard sided streamliner shell is unforgiving in cross wind turbulence of any kind. The vehicle becomes terrifying to handle until the handling skills have been learned. Think of a sail boat “with out” a keel – got the picture “wink”. This is the reason most liners are used in low wind situations or for the track. I have found there is a whole lot of distraction just keeping the single track Liner upright let alone navigating it through traffic. On the other hand three-wheeled Velomobiles “Velo's” are safer user-friendly streamlined platforms that are at home on the open road. They use a recumbent trike chassis configuration that adds lateral stability for cross winds and climbing. However, beware – there still can be serious lateral cross wind push as velo speeds get faster. Logically, the trike configuration for a streamliner shape is a desirable safer vehicle to use over the single track Streamliner. The best part of this comparison is Velo's are manufactured for sale to JonQ public – Streamliners are not. Comparatively – technology has improved the Velomobile into a more user-friendly streamliner for open road use. It has been discovered that most Velo's have an impressive performance window regardless of the third wheel resistance. This link talks of how a single track Streamliner racer improved his time with a third wheel. http://www.trisled.com.au/records.html The challenge most riders have – is to mentally overcome the vehicle weight and the perceived third wheel resistance factor vs the aerodynamic benefits. One needs to carefully analyze its intended use for the trade off to be substantial. Unfortunately many riders never get past this hurdle. My explanation to this dilemma is recognizing the three fundamental factors of recumbent bicycling.
There are three categories of riding a bike.
1st – the “uphill” – – A four-man team in 2009 RAAM illustrated a High Racer recumbent can be as strong at climbing as an upright bike. On the other hand, the heavier Velo can attack roller hills with massive amounts of momentum that gives amazing results – but – when the momentum wears off and uphill grind starts, at least a Velo won't wobble and fall over at slow climb speeds. It was pointed out to me by a velo driver that he can climb easier in his velo. Don't confuse the ease of climbing with the speed of climbing. He explained that he can be in a slow easy spin and arrive at the top without the pain of trying to keep a upright bike stable when climbing slow. So, there is another dynamic for which one has to think about. Unless time is of an essence in racing – who cares if you arrive a couple of minutes later at the top with a grin on your face.
2nd – “level ground” – most “not all” recumbents have an advantage of aerodynamics.
3rd – the “down hill” – is where most recumbents become cruise missiles.
So – out of these three categories – the average recumbent platform dominates “two” out of the three.
Healthy competition: There will always be the “upright vs recumbent” challenge. Streamlining just puts a whole new spin into the scenario. Annually non-faired recumbent race teams compete in Race Across America “RAAM”. The RANS recumbent team actually gained time over the leading upright team in the Rocky Mountain climbing stages in 2009. My feeling are the “recumbents can't climb” argument will eventually fall to the way side of the uninformed over time. Every year it has been observed that a modest number of upright racers are going recumbent for Ultra endurance events.
Advertisements
Image copyright Christian Svensson/www.skaraborgswebben.se Image caption Salvage workers spent the night reloading the meatballs
Swedish meatballs are always a welcome sight on the dinner table, but less so when 20 tonnes of them block the road in front of you.
This is the spectacle that faced unwary drivers on 15 November along the Skara-Lundsbrunn road in southwest Sweden, when icy evening conditions meant that the trailer of a lorry skidded into a ditch, taking the meatball mountain with it, Skara Lans Tidning reports.
The lorry itself remained on the road, but all the meatballs needed to be first offloaded onto the carriageway before the trailer could be hauled out of the ditch.
"The trailer was heavier than the lorry itself, and it is very slippery out there," police officer Tommy Emriksson told Swedish TV .
No one was injured in the accident, and social media users have viewed the incident with humour.
Some Twitter users have offered to help the clear-up operation with knife and fork, and one inquired whether a lorry-load of spaghetti might follow.
The transport authorities warn that because other roads around Skara are busy, motorists should drive carefully.
Image copyright Gunnar Creutz/Wikicommons Image caption Swedish meatballs in their natural environment
Reporting by Alistair Coleman and Martin Morgan
Next story: Siberian 'thanks for the memory stick'
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter .
Matt Tubbs joined Portsmouth on loan in January after a spell at AFC Wimbledon
Matt Tubbs scored a hat-trick as Portsmouth thumped Cambridge to claim just a second away win of the season.
Jed Wallace fired Pompey ahead before debutant Nathaniel Mendez-Laing equalised with an angled finish.
Tubbs powered in and scored a header either side of Paul Robinson's goal as the visitors led 4-1 at the break.
Robbie Simpson reduced the deficit with a flying header but Ryan Taylor prodded home from close range and Tubbs tapped in Taylor's cross to complete the rout.
The win for Andy Awford's side extends their unbeaten league run to six games while Cambridge have now lost four out of their last five.
Portsmouth manager Andy Awford told BBC Radio Solent:
Media playback is not supported on this device Awford on Cambridge v Portsmouth
"We are really pleased with the three points; a real solid professional performance and I am delighted for everybody.
"It shows as a unit we have got good players in the team. When we click like we did today we are a very good side and it's not just the attacking players because the whole system worked and thankfully we have come away with three points.
"Today is about thanking the supporters for sticking with us and for us to come away to a difficult place like Cambridge.
"To score six goals is for those supporters who stick with us, not just this season, but over the past few seasons. You are not going to win six every week but I think they appreciate the effort by everybody and I certainly appreciate what they do for the football club."
Any day now the Supreme Court will issue its opinion on the constitutionality of the Accountable Care Act, which even the White House now calls Obamacare.
Most high-court observers think it will strike down the individual mandate in the Act that requires almost everyone to buy health insurance, as violating the Commerce Clause of the Constitution -- but will leave the rest of the new health care law intact.
But the individual mandate is so essential to spreading the risk and cost of health care over the whole population, including younger and healthier people, that some analysts believe a Court decision that nixes the mandate will effectively spell the end of the Act anyway.
Yet it could have exactly the opposite effect. If the Court strikes down the individual mandate, health insurance company lobbyists and executives will swarm Capitol Hill seeking to have the Act amended to remove the requirement that they insure people with preexisting medical conditions. They'll argue that without the mandate they can't afford to cover preexisting conditions.
But the requirement to cover preexisting conditions has proven to be so popular with the public that Congress will be reluctant to scrap it.
This opens the way to a political bargain. Insurers might be let off the hook, for example, only if they support allowing every American, including those with preexisting conditions, to choose Medicare, or something very much like Medicare. In effect, what was known during the debate over the bill as the "public option."
So in striking down the least popular part of Obamacare -- the individual mandate -- the Court will inevitably bring into question one of its most popular parts -- coverage of preexisting conditions. And in so doing, open alternative ways to maintain that coverage -- including ideas, like the public option, that were rejected in favor of the mandate.
The fact is, there's enough the public likes about Obamacare that if the Court strikes down the individual mandate that won't be the end. It will just be the end of the first round.
It's been a while since the last Gogland EAP, but here we are: Gogland EAP 9 is finally ready, bringing lots of bugfixes and several new features.
First, we've added remote debugging support. All it needs is that you set up a Go Remote run configuration with and tell it which Host and Port to connect to and make sure the application you're going to debug is launched with Delve.
When you start that run configuration, you'll see the good old Debug tool window:
Layout of log files can be adjusted to your liking:
And then displayed in the Run tool window when you run the application:
Also, the update brings two new inspections:
Misplaced fallthrough statements.
Functions without body.
And here are a couple more things to look at:
The Go SDK is now selected automatically when you import a project
Better startup speed and overall performance
Configuration related to imports (sorting, exclusion) is now stored on the project level
A number of bugfixes for auto-imports and imports sorting
Please give a try to the new build and share your feedback via our issue tracker.
Develop with Pleasure!
Sociobiological theory proposed that similarities between human and animal societies reflect similar evolutionary origins. We used comparative genomics to test this controversial idea by determining whether superficial behavioral similarities between humans and honey bees reflect shared molecular mechanisms. We found unique and significant enrichment for autism spectrum disorder-related genes in the neurogenomic signatures of a high-level integration center of the insect brain in bees unresponsive to two different salient social stimuli. These results demonstrate deep conservation for genes implicated in autism spectrum disorder in humans and genes associated with social responsiveness in honey bees. Comparative genomics thus provides a means to test theory on the biology of social behavior.
Abstract
E. O. Wilson proposed in Sociobiology that similarities between human and animal societies reflect common mechanistic and evolutionary roots. When introduced in 1975, this controversial hypothesis was beyond science's ability to test. We used genomic analyses to determine whether superficial behavioral similarities in humans and the highly social honey bee reflect common molecular mechanisms. Here, we report that gene expression signatures for individual bees unresponsive to various salient social stimuli are significantly enriched for autism spectrum disorder-related genes. These signatures occur in the mushroom bodies, a high-level integration center of the insect brain. Furthermore, our finding of enrichment was unique to autism spectrum disorders; brain gene expression signatures from other honey bee behaviors do not show this enrichment, nor do datasets from other human behavioral and health conditions. These results demonstrate deep conservation for genes associated with a human social pathology and individual differences in insect social behavior, thus providing an example of how comparative genomics can be used to test sociobiological theory.
The documentary Batman and Bill uncovers the hidden life and death of Fred Finger. You need to grab the tissues for this one.
Fred Finger was a bay area chef whose father Milton "Bill" Finger created the beloved character Batman. A new Hulu documentary, released in time for Comic-Con International, called Batman and Bill is an examination of the role Bill played in the creation of the character.
Bill's story was buried largely by the subterfuge of Bob Kane, who came up with the initial concepts and owned the trademarks to the character. Kane earned massive wealth during his life, while Finger died in destitute poverty and was buried in a potter's field.
Above the original Kane version (right) and Finger's changes (left).
Bill Finger's contribution to the legacy of Batman were finally recognized in the credit sequence of 2016's blockbuster Batman Vs. Superman: Dawn of Justice.
Director Mark Nobleman's investigation into finding Finger's heirs, uncovers Fred and later his daughter Athena. Fred, who was bisexual, was tormented by his guilt to is family for having homosexual affairs, the way his a father had been when he realized he was never going to get the recognition he deserved. Athena Finger breaks down at one point talking about the shame and stigma that accompanied both her grandfather and father's deaths. It's the most poignant moment in the film.
Fred Finger died of AIDS-related complications in 1992. This particular moment in the film is a powerful reminder that our identities as HIV-positive and LGBT people are richly woven into the fabric of culture — particularly pop culture. #NeverForget.
Watch the trailer to Batman and Bill below:
Each week FIFA Ultimate Team assembles the best players from international and club competition around the world. This collection of players is available to challenge in FIFA Ultimate Team.
The LA Galaxy's Landon Donovan scored twice and made MLS history as the club defeated the Philadelphia Union 4:1 on Sunday. His 135th and 136th goals helped the 32-year old become the league's all-time leading scorer. Donovan has spent 13 seasons in the league; four with the San Jose Earthquakes before moving south and joining the Galaxy in 2005.
The 30-year old Jadson had two goals for Corinthians as they defeated Sport 1:4 on Sunday. The two goals were Jadson's second and third with the club since being traded to the Tatuapé side for Alexandre Pato last February.
A 90th minute goal by Bobby Zamora helped Queens Park Rangers defeat Derby County 0:1 and earn promotion back into the Premier League. QPR return to top-flight football after only spending a single season in the Championship following their relegation at the end of the 2012-13 campaign.
Oct. 10, 2016, 4:43 PM GMT / Updated Oct. 10, 2016, 4:43 PM GMT By Fiona Dawson
As Malcolm Rene Ribot drives along I-90, he briefly looks down to smile at his Catahoula Leopard Dog, Grayson, who has his snout resting on Ribot's thigh. It's partly because of Grayson that Ribot's 2011 Nissan Versa has more than 120,000 miles on the odometer, 50,000 of which were added in the past 16 months.
“My bumper has fallen off once … and the front tires need replacing,” he said. But with 44 states under his belt and thousands of friends made, Ribot is determined to keep going at least until he's visited all 50 states, organizing meet-ups for trans masculine individuals along the way.
A few years ago when he was coming to identify as transgender, Ribot was living in Chicago. “I was able to hang out with other guys all the time,” he said. “I just remember how important that was for me and how much it helped me.”
Malcolm's meetup at a pizza parlor in Spokane Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, in Spokane, Wash. Jennifer Weiss / NBC News
Then last year, Ribot was making plans to relocate to Hawaii. “There was going to be a waiting period between being able to move there and my lease ending because of my dog,” he explained. “Hawaii is rabies-free, so they do a series of tests, quarantine, and this kind of things before you can actually move a dog over there.” He thought he would visit a few friends over those months, but little did he know what was actually in store.
During that waiting period for Grayson, Ribot's plans to relocate fell through. Seeing as he had already resigned from his job, given up his apartment and had his car packed, Ribot decided to take time out for a much larger adventure. He set off on a road trip, not knowing when he'd return, to convert his social media acquaintances with trans guys into in-person friendships.
“I feel like everything happens for a reason, so it was kind of my sign,” Ribot said with a twinkle in his eye.
Malcolm Ribot drives in Spokane, Wash, on Sept. 12, 2016. He has visited 44 states with the mission of meeting and bringing together other trans men like himself around the country. Jennifer Weiss / NBC News
Relying on his personal savings, Ribot drove east with Grayson, stopping to meet trans masculine people like himself with the purpose of sharing experiences and building community. “It wasn't until about a week in, I got to Massachusetts, and that's when I realized what this was all really about,” Ribot said. “What started as just for fun, I realized there was an actual mission behind it,” he proclaimed.
The “ah-ha” moment came when Ribot visited two individuals separately on consecutive days. Neither of them knew another trans person, and they were feeling very alone in their experience, yet they lived only 30 minutes apart from each other. Ribot shared their contact information so they could meet up without him and carried on with his journey, posting photos on social media as he went from state to state.
“Guys were saying, ‘With each new post … I'm seeing how much less alone I am … and that there are so many guys around and that we're all over the place,'” Ribot told NBC OUT. So instead of meeting people one-on-one, Ribot started organizing group meetups across the country to ensure that the friendships he was making extended to other people within the community.
Much of the planning is pretty spontaneous. Ribot typically pinpoints a location and messages people he knows in the area a few days in advance to meet there at a certain time. When the meetup begins, Ribot asks everyone to introduce themselves by their name and pronouns then a lively conversation ensues.
Avery Monroe, Carter Suiter, Malcolm Ribot and Jeremiah Herrison share contact information and take photos after a meetup at a pizza parlor Monday, Sept. 12, 2016, in Spokane, Wash. Jennifer Weiss / NBC News
Most of the guys have never met another trans individual before, so this is the first time they've been able to share experiences with others who can meaningfully relate. A wide range of topics come up, from socially transitioning, to accessing medical care, to common dating experiences. But one of the greatest concerns raised is safety.
“Particularly with the whole bathroom issue,” Ribot said. And one would wonder about Ribot's own safety, given he's driving hundreds of miles at a time through many states, which are not all especially trans friendly. For the most part, Ribot said he's been fine. Although with an equality sticker on the back of his car, he said he's felt nervous in the South and afraid that there might be hate directed at him or his vehicle.
“Luckily I did not face anything like that,” he said. Although an incident in Virginia left him astonished and contemplative of the potential danger that exists.
“I was with a group of guys I'd met that night, and we went to CVS to use the restroom,” he recalled. He described the restrooms as two single-person rooms, one room each labelled for men and women with a locking door.
“It was me and probably four or five other guys … and I went into the restroom first, and they were just standing there waiting outside, all of us trans,” he said. “I was using the restroom, and then I came out, and as I was coming out, a guy came out of the women's room, and what I heard him say was, ‘Does anybody else want to be trans today?'... I was completely dumbfounded that that actually came out of his mouth.”
Although he guessed the man was making a joke, Ribot could only assume that he had no idea he just said this to a group of trans people. “After he left and my initial shock wore off, I wondered what could have safely been said to help him see the irony of his audience and help him to understand what it means to be transgender.”
Ribot wondered if he should have told this man that he's trans, but he said, “Unfortunately, there has been hostility and violence towards our community, so it's hard to say how confronting him would have gone.”
Dainan Beard, center in white hat, at Malcolm Ribot's meetup at a pizza parlor in Spokane, Wash., on Monday, Sept. 12, 2016 Jennifer Weiss / NBC News
Knowing when and how to come out as transgender often comes up in conversation at meetups. Recently, in Spokane, Washington, Ribot offered his approach on dating apps, “Something that I tried that seems to work really well was where I came out as trans in my profile. I put ‘Use the word pineapple in your message to me if you understand that I am a trans masculine individual,'” he explained. “So if I got a message that didn't have the word ‘pineapple' in it, I knew that they didn't know already or that they didn't read my profile. So it was easier for me, and I felt safer at the time to just reply to messages that actually did have that in it,” Ribot concluded.
While Ribot admits that their shared experience means the group attendees relate to one another, he says one of the biggest things he's learned is there are so many different types of trans individuals. “There's a whole spectrum,” he says. “There's just so many different ways to express gender, it doesn't have to be MTF (male to female) or FTM (female to male). There's non-binary, there's a variety of expressions.”
That variety of expression is something Ribot hopes to build awareness of not only within the trans masculine community, but also externally within society at large. And it appears his project is indeed achieving the visibility he desires outside of the trans community, too. Since the beginning of his travels, Ribot has been prolific on social media, posting pictures and using relevant hashtags. So much so, he now has a following of almost 40,000 on Instagram.
Malcolm Ribot with his dog, Grayson, at Eagle Peak in the Dishman Hills Natural Recreation Area of Spokane, Wash., on Monday, Sept. 12, 2016. Jennifer Weiss / NBC News
A few months into his road trip, Ribot spent a weekend passing through Chicago before heading west. He stopped by his old Crossfit gym, where his trainer asked him, “Are all those guys that you're meeting, are they all trans guys?” Ribot's million-dollar smile splashed across his face as he continued the story, “And I was like ‘Yeah!' And he's like, ‘I had no idea that there was so many out there!' I was like ‘Yeah we're all over the place!' So I found that it was spreading visibility for the cis community as well,” he said, beaming.
In the meantime, Ribot keeps going. He has Hawaii, Alaska, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota and Wyoming remaining before he can claim to have connected fellow trans masculine individuals throughout the entire United States. “Just to see their faces and realizing they aren't alone, every time I hear that I'm like, 'This is why I'm doing this.' It gets me emotional,” Ribot professed.
Once that mission is accomplished, Ribot intends to expand his meetups to connect trans people who identify anywhere on the gender spectrum — not just trans masculine individuals. “This has all been ever-changing and evolving, and I've been trying to go with the flow as it's been continuing and growing,” he said. “We all have a similar experience, but we're all different, too. I think that's important for people to know.”
Follow and contact Malcolm Rene Ribot on Instagram (@gorillashrimp) or his FTM Traveler Facebook page if you would like to follow his travels or organize a meetup in your area.
Fiona Dawson is an Emmy-nominated multi-media director, producer and writer. She directed "Transgender, at War and in Love" and created the media project "TransMilitary." In 2015 Fiona was honored by The White House as an LGBT Artist Champion of Change.
The embedded video above was shot and edited by Jennifer Weiss of NBC News and produced by Jennifer Weiss and Fiona Dawson.
Follow NBC OUT on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.
On Friday, New York magazine's Jon Chait argued that the media has "wildly overstated the legislative importance of Republican Senate control" while at the same time understating its judicial importance. As he put it, "The contest to control the Senate is about one thing: whether Obama can confirm judges and staff his administration." A GOP Senate would spell "two years of likely gridlock," and "if a Supreme Court justice becomes incapacitated or dies, the judicial gridlock could become a Constitutional struggle."
Chait is absolutely right—and the possibility of a constitutional crisis is all the dramatic because there's no modern precedent for it.
The Constitution doesn't require the president to fill a Supreme Court vacancy on any particular timeline. But since World War II, vacancies on the high court have not caused partisan gridlock. The closest precedent is then-Associate Justice Abe Fortas, whom President Lyndon Johnson nominated for chief justice; a Democratic Senate filibustered Fortas over concerns about his liberal opinions and close relationship with Johnson. There were Supreme Court deaths—justices Wiley Rutledge, Fred Vinson, Robert Jackson, Frank Murphy, and, most recently, William Rehnquist—but their seats were filled in a timely manner.
Even in the pre-WWII era, when a much higher percentage of justices died in office, vacancies were generally filled with little delay. The rejected nominees of presidents James Madison, James Buchanan, Ulysses S. Grant and others fell for a variety of quirky reasons unique to their situation, not because of gridlock; in fact, those presidents generally faced a friendly Senate. John Tyler succeeded in having only one of his six nominees confirmed, but his party also controlled the Senate.
Supreme Court nominees are especially likely to be rejected for partisan reasons at the end of a lame-duck presidency. According to the Congressional Research Service, “Opposition to the nominating President played a role in at least 16 of the 34 nominations that were not confirmed. Many of the 16 were put forward by Presidents in the last year of their presidency—seven occurred after a successor President had been elected, but before the transfer of power to the new administration.”
Forum Update
Better late than never: the new forums are online and you can access them here or through the forums tab at the top of the page! The one issue is that you're going to have to re-add your signatures and avatars… but we finally have the robust, customizable forum system you demanded which allows for proper moderation and community management!
We've created a simple “prime directive” for forum users that tells you how you should behave, how we'll punish you when you don't and what we're going to do for you in return. We think it's a fair system that should create a good, positive community. As with all aspects, we'd love your comments. We do believe that most of this is common sense and will become unnecessary as the forums become available only to pledgers and backers(after all, no one wants to pay for a game just to troll a message board) but that it is always good to know where you stand. We reserve the right to amend these rules in the future as the community evolves.
Forum Rules
Be good, damn it. Treat other people the way you want to be treated. Every account is another human being who is excited about Star Citizen. Disagree calmly and intelligently, do not attack each other when you don't share the same ideas. Keep it clean. We're all adults here… and that means being responsible, not plastering risqué content all over your message boards. No pornography, nothing racist, nothing else outright offensive to other people. You're helping to build a game, not a high school locker room. No trolling. Do not post messages specifically intended to get a rise out of others. We know there's an impulse to do it, but it doesn't contribute to the community, it tears it down. Your resonsibility as early pledgers is to help form a great community, not to endlessly frustrate those who come later. Stay on topic. Every message board has a topic and you should stick to it. Don't advertise your guild in the game suggestions board. No spam. Talking about your personal projects and successes is welcome and encouraged in the off-topic areas, selling things is NOT. Contribute. We want to hear from you. Some of the best ideas come from the unlikeliest thoughts, so if you have something to add stand up and say it!
Punishment
Three strikes, you're out. If you are found to be in violation of our policies you will receive a 24-hour forum ban. If it happens again then you will receive a 48-hour ban. A third infraction will result in a permanent banning.
Our Promise
For our part, we will endeavor to be as responsive as possible. We're all one community and everyone here is as excited about Star Citizen as you are. Cloud Imperium staff will do their best to stay active at the forums wherever possible and we will establish a fair system of moderators to keep the boards clean and active.
We recognize that you are the vanguard: you're the fans who put up your money early because you believed in the game and we're going to do the best we can to respect that. Know that in addition to fans with great ideas we want to hear, we also view you as ambassadors responsible for helping spread the word about this game and we respect you for that.
If you believe there is something wrong, do not hesitate to contact us and we will reply as quickly as possible. We want this community to grow and thrive and create and we're relying on it to help us create the best game possible. Follow these rules and we'll be able to spend more time involving you in the process!
Montreal Update – Behaviour Interactive Partnership
I mentioned in an earlier Comm-Link that we are planning on having the core development of Star Citizen happen in three locations – Los Angeles, Californa, Austin, Texas and Montreal, Canada. There are quite a few reasons why Montreal is interesting – there is a lot of game development talent: Ubisoft, Warner Bros, EA and THQ all have large development studios and games such as the Assassin's Creed series, Far Cry 2 & 3 and Deus Ex Revolutions have all come out of Montreal. There are a fair amount of developers with CryEngine experience (the Far Cry series is built on a modified version of the original CryEngine and THQ has been working on a couple of unannounced CryEngine projects.) Finally, all your dollars go much further in Montreal than they do in Austin and Los Angeles due to the strong government support for game development and the lower cost of living. This allows us to pack more ships, locations and features in than we could if we just built the game in Los Angeles and Austin.
As part of the year of preparation, research and development I did in building the prototype I was testing out workflow concepts and personnel. Montreal was an area that I knew from making films (which the Canadian and Quebec governments also support strongly), so it was an area I considered right from the start. I weighed several options, from building a studio from scratch to partnering with an established studio to help build out a team. Considering everything else that we need to accomplish with Star Citizen I decided that it was smarter to partner with someone that all ready has an infrastructure and is up and running, much the same way I would contract with a local production service company if I was making a film.
Behaviour Interactive are the biggest independent developer in Montreal, with a great infrastructure and work process. They have worked on over 130 games with some of the biggest publishers in the industry, have a reputation for being on time and budget and have many people that worked on big AAA titles like Assassin's Creed or Far Cry 3 (Ubisoft contracted them to help out the recently shipped Far Cry 3.)
Over the last year they contributed some resources on spec to flesh out some of the technical design on the server back end (Behaviour designed, built and maintains Nickelodeon's kid's MMO, Monkey Quest, which has over 10 million users) and help build the prototype as a test to see if we could work well together and they could meet the quality standards I want to hit for Star Citizen. If you liked the prototype you've already seen some of their work and approved. Because of this I'm happy to announce formally that Behaviour Interactive will be our partner in Montreal, Canada. You can read the complete press release here.
The team in Montreal will be fully integrated with the Star Citizen teams in Los Angeles and Austin, and will be managed and directed by myself and other Star Citizen team leaders. The Montreal team will be made up of a combination of Behaviour employees that will transfer into this new group and new people we hire from the Montreal game scene (so if that are any developers in Montreal that would like to join Star Citizen, please send your resumes to Behaviour!)
This allows us to flesh out the full Star Citizen team sooner and waste less time on building out studio infrastructure so I feel it is a win for everyone. I would like everyone to welcome the Behaviour folks to the team. Over the next year you'll get to meet them and see what they're working on in the same manner as the Los Angeles and Austin teams. One of the core tenants of the team DNA that I'm trying to build is a commitment to interaction with the community and we are setting up the ability to film in all three locations. In fact one of our key interview questions is if a potential hire is comfortable interacting with the community occasionally and being on camera!
-Chris
MMORPG .com Nomination
Some other cool news: Star Citizen has been nominated for most anticipated game in MMORPG.com's annual Player's Choice awards! We'd be very happy if you'd take a moment to vote for us. Let's win our first award!
Kickstarter Integration
Welcome, Kickstarter backers! The process of integrating Kickstarter accounts has begun and many existing users may begin to notice their Kickstarter pledges appearing in Your Account page. Please note that the additional money you pledged for Kickstarter add-ons will appear as credits for now; in the near future you will be able to apply this money to add-ons through the site at the original prices. Those who purchased limited time upgrades such as the Idris Corvette will have the option to choose those! If you have a question regarding the integration of your Kickstarter pledge please be patient as due the the large volume of transactions it will take several days to investigate all the issues – trust us we will take care of you!
Via Telephone
9:00 A.M. EDT
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Mike Pence on the line from the White House.
Q You're talking to Michael Berry and Shara Fryer and the good people of Texas. Welcome.
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Michael and Shara, thank you for having me on. Let me say on behalf of the President and our entire administration, our hearts are all in Houston today. And our prayers and the concerted effort of our national government and local and state officials are continuing to lean forward into a rescue operation, and our prayers also are with you all.
Q Well, Vice President Pence, I know you you've been a governor for the last four years before being the Vice President. You understand the importance of those federal assets — the federal declarations, the FEMA assistance. What can we expect in the coming days?
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Well, as you know, Mike, the President made his decision on Friday night, before landfall, to issue an emergency declaration with regard to Texas. In fact, this morning the President also issued an emergency declaration with regard to Louisiana as we continue to see the impact of this storm.
And let me just say, from those early hours, President Trump and our entire administration have been working closely with Governor Abbott and with officials at every level to bring the full resources of the federal government to bear.
As we speak, I hope it is encouragement to your listeners to know that there are more than 8,000 federal officials in the area. We've already shipped more than 1.2 million meals, a million liters of water, and we continue to support some 65 mobile emergency resource support personnel and 10 mobile communications offices to get people as quickly as possible out of harm's way. But I just can't —
Q It's a big task.
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Well, it's extraordinary, and I have to tell you, Shara, it is moving to hear the reports over the course of the weekend. The President assembled the Cabinet twice. We received continuous reports about the challenges, not just the devastation of the storm as it came ashore, but obviously the rising flood waters.
And right now, as you all know, we're focused on a rescue operation. And we just encourage all of your listeners, as so many others have, to listen to local emergency management officials. If they find themselves in an immediate need of medical attention or evacuation assistance, to call 911. They also can call one of several numbers of the Houston command center of the United States Coast Guard. One of those numbers is 281-464-4851. All the numbers are available at FEMA.gov if people are able to get online.
But as you all know, the focus today is on making sure that we're doing everything to get people out of harm's way, and that includes an enormous volunteer effort.
Q Mr. Vice President, you know your FEMA director — they've been holding news conferences — and they've already said that they expect that they're going to have to be in this region for years.
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Well, we truly believe —
Q Is there that type of commitment behind that? Can we count on that?
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Well, I think what you're going to see is that the national government, and we anticipate the Congress, are going to make the resources available to see Texas through the rescue operation, through the recovery. But's there simply no question, when you look from afar, Shara — when you look at the magnitude of the flooding that's taken place in the 4th largest city in the United States, that we anticipate that it will be years coming back.
But Houston and Texas are strong. The people are resilient. You see that in the extraordinary outpouring of volunteer efforts — people reaching out, making boats available, and volunteering, the number of people that have already gone online to Redcross.org or to other organizations to begin to provide resources.
We know we'll be there to rebuild, and the American people are with you.
Q Vice President Mike Pence, we appreciate you being with us. The President has said that he did not want to be a distraction, but he does want to be here. And I think the consensus is people would like him to come and see what is happening. We've heard that that visit will be tomorrow. Do you have any more details on that?
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Mike, those details will be forthcoming, but I can tell you that from Friday night forward, the President has been continuously engaged in this. And we've all been deeply concerned about the impact of this storm. We're saddened by the loss of life, and the President is anxious to come to the region tomorrow. The President and the First Lady will be there, along with a number of other Cabinet officials.
But it's really — again, we understand, as the President has said, we are at the beginning of this effort. The focus now completely is on lifesaving efforts. We just encourage people within the sound of our voice that if you are in a place that is warm and dry and you have provisions, to just continue to shelter-in-place, unless local officials tell you to do otherwise.
And just know that we'll get through this. The President will be there tomorrow. But again, we will not relent in our effort to see the rescue operations done thoroughly, working with local emergency managers and officials. And then the recovery effort will be long term, and we'll be there. We're with you.
Q Vice President Pence, I don't have to tell you what assets you have in the Cabinet, but there's one fellow sitting at that table who's the Secretary of Energy who did a great job for well over a decade with just these sorts of emergencies. I hope he's part of the team.
THE VICE PRESIDENT: I'll tell you, our Secretary — your former governor — Rick Perry has been intimately involved in all of these efforts in the Cabinet meetings, not only in his new role with regard to energy, which has such an enormously important role in that region, but just bringing his practical experience and his deep love and admiration for the people of Texas.
I would just say to anyone that is within the sound of our voice, again, listen to local emergency officials. And if you can be helpful, we just encourage you to go to NVOAD.org to find national organizations active in the disaster, or go online with Redcross.org. There will be an awful lot of needs; the federal government, the state government will be there. But I know people who are not affected by this, who are anxious to help their neighbors and friends, are doing that as we speak.
And, frankly, Texas is inspiring the nation with the outpouring of support and concern for your neighbors, and the courage of the first responders that we're seeing hour by hour.
Q Well, we appreciate that very much, as well as we appreciate the people from other states who have come in and offered their aid as well. And certainly, we appreciate what the federal government is doing for us and the quick response — because, indeed, they're here and they're already working. And one thing that really, I think, impresses all of us in Texas is the fact that they're keeping saying, “Look, we're here — we're here in a support role. We're not here to come in and tell you what to do. We're here in a support role. Please pay attention to your local officials.” And that's very much appreciated, Mr. Vice President.
THE VICE PRESIDENT: Shara, you're exactly right. You know, before I was the Vice President, I was a governor. In these situations, the state governments and local officials take the lead, and the federal government is there to provide the support.
But President Trump wanted FEMA on the ground from go. That's why he signed the emergency declaration even before landfall. And we're there now. As I mentioned, more than 8,000 federal officials will continue to provide the supporting role.
But we know that Texas is strong. The people of Texas are resilient and generous. And I have to tell you that to watch and to witness the response by the state of Texas, by your local first responders, and by the countless volunteers that are coming alongside neighbors and friends — it is inspiring the nation. And we're going to continue to provide the federal response that the American people expect to see in this moment.
And President Trump is continuing to marshal the full resources of the government through rescue. And we'll be there through recovery, Mike and Shara. We'll see Houston all the way back, and the whole region, back to security and to prosperity.
Q Vice President Mike Pence, the good people of Texas thank you. Appreciate your time.
THE VICE PRESIDENT: You bet. God bless you all.
END
9:11 A.M. EDT
For Voters Who Need Help, Sites And Apps Aplenty
Confused where to vote Tuesday? Don't know the rules? Not sure if you're even registered? There are loads of websites, Twitter feeds and mobile phone apps out there to help you.
In fact, just about every election office in the country these days has a website where voters can get basic information -- such as polling times and how to cast a ballot. Many can direct you to your polling location and, if you provide some personal information, tell you whether you're officially registered.
On Tuesday, Tell Us What You See If you're on Twitter or Facebook, NPR will be monitoring posts that include the tag #iVoted, which is being used by a number of election projects. So if you have any election stories — or voting problems — you want to share, please feel free to use that tag so we can track it.
Some national sites are available to help fill in the gaps.
Help isn't hard to get. Ask a very simple question -- such as "Where do I vote in Virginia?" -- on Google, or some other search engine, and a lot of useful information comes up, says Doug Chapin, director of election initiatives with the Pew Center on the States.
A voter entering that query is directed to the Virginia State Board of Elections website, where the home page shows a big box with a map that can tell an individual not only where his or her polling site is located but how to get there. It also shows all the federal candidates on the ballot and directs voters to other helpful links.
It's part of something called the Voting Information Project, developed by Pew and Google. They also have a mobile phone app that provides similar information, plus photos of polling sites.
"Giving people a convenient source of official information should reduce the number of problems at the polls -- misdirected voters, confused voters, that sort of thing," Chapin says.
Lester Sola, supervisor of elections for Miami-Dade County, Fla., says he is already seeing better-prepared voters this year because of information posted on his county's website. It included wait times -- updated every 15 minutes -- for the county's early-voting locations. Miami-Dade voters can also track their absentee ballots online, finding out whether the ballots have been received by election officials and counted. Sola says that's a big change from earlier elections.
"There was no way for a voter to track their absentee ballot previously," he says. "If they wanted to know if their ballot was accepted, they would have to call our office and then research would have to be made, sometimes even actually going through thousands of envelopes to find that one voter."
The county, like many others, is also using Twitter and Facebook this year to communicate with voters. Just last week, Sola's office tweeted that Miami Heat basketball star Dwyane Wade had voted early, in the hope that the message would encourage others to do the same.
"Anything that we can do to increase voter participation, we're behind and support it," says Sola.
And there are other tools available for voters to use on Tuesday. In California, Orange County will be posting live video of its workers counting votes. A poll-watching effort called Election Protection is asking voters to tweet any Election Day problems they encounter, like long lines or intimidation.
Another group, called American Majority Action, is providing a free mobile phone app that voters can use to report any incidents of fraud they see at the polls.
"We're putting this out as a civic service to make sure that we enable greater transparency and just to make sure that we're defending democracy," says Ned Ryun, a spokesman for the American Majority Action project.
Some people question, though, whether lots of citizens armed with smart phones at the polls will enhance or impede democracy. So you might want to check first online to see what restrictions there are on using phones or taking photos at your local polling site.
A gas station attendant looks at an Indian rupee. REUTERS/Rupak De Chowdhuri American venture capital in Bitcoin continues to cross the ocean.
On Monday, Barry Silbert's Bitcoin Opportunity Corp. announced it had invested $250,000 in Bangalore-based Unocoin.
The firm is less than a year old but already claims the title as the largest and fastest-growing bitcoin company in India. It does a little bit of everything, including trading, storage, and merchant processing.
Year to date, India ranks 18th worldwide for number of overall raw Bitcoin protocol downloads according to SourceForge, more than many European countries, including Romania, which was just highlighted by Reuters as a Bitcoin hub.
India's central bank has clarified that it would allow Bitcoin businesses to continue operating while warning of the cyptocurrency's risks to average investors.
Bitcoin evangelists have long said the opportunity in places like India that are home to large populations of "unbanked" citizens is enormous. In a joint statement, BOC and Unocoin noted 40% of India's urban population and 61% of its rural population lacks access to basic financial services. At the same time, remittances in India totaled over $70 billion in 2013.
"Bitcoin technology has the potential to provide sustainable solutions and smarter financial options to all sectors of India," the firms said.
Of the nine investments Silbert's BOC has made in 2014, four have been in overseas companies. In July, a report from CoinDesk showed the absolute number of firms receiving investment in Q2 was now split 60-40between America and the rest of the world.
Coindesk
When we talked with Silbert last month about his investment in a Swedish-based Bitcoin firm, he insisted America would continue to lead the world as the top destination for Bitcoin investing. And we aren't suggesting there isn't significant interest here.
But the needs of Bitcoin users in America are different from those elsewhere. And the U.S. (and Canada) continue to trail other countries in terms of Bitcoin interest: Here's the year-to-date chart in Google Trends for "Bitcoin" — a crude measure to be sure but nonetheless telling:
Google Trends
And the Unocoin investment marks the largest known to date in India's Bitcoin space, as well as one of the largest investments made by BOC outside of the United States.
So it seems reasonable to say the makings of a trend are emerging.
Looks like China's beaten Kanye West to it.
An unofficial Yeezy store has opened in the Chinese city of Wenzhou — and it's filled with knockoffs.
The store's clearly not afraid about trademark violations, and is proudly displaying the word Yeezy in bold on its storefront, according to multiple social media posts from passers-by.
Image: fake大王/Weibo
Not going to lie, the inside looks like a pretty nice sneaker shop:
Image: fake大王/Weibo
Image: fake大王/Weibo
@KimKardashian All of these are fake yeezy, But they registered the name of the yeezy trademark, opened a store to sell fake in China pic.twitter.com/rFLSEPyjPO — KaKa-sneaker (@Shinhwalam) August 17, 2017
But to us, the best part of the store is its neighbour, New Bunren:
Image: fake大王/Weibo
The fake Yeezys aren't cheap
But the shoes don't come at knock-off prices.
According to a report by China Network, the shoes sell for an average of $151 (999 yuan) — which is quite a lot to shell out for a fake.
A genuine Yeezy pair will set you back around $200, though resellers in the market are exploiting limited stock, and charging exorbitant prices into the thousands.
And the fakes aren't even carbon copies.
The most glaring difference is that they carry the words "Yeezy" on them, instead of the trademark "SPLY".
Image: china network
The store even offers personalised designs, allowing you to customise your "Yeezys" to any design of your liking.
Image: fake大王/Weibo
According to China Network, the operation is not entirely shady — sort of.
The trademark to "Yeezy" was registered in 2013, by a Mr Hu, the owner of the store that the news outlet spoke to.
"Some time ago, the relevant authorities have ruled that the Yeezy trademark, which we registered with our company, is valid," he told the China Network.
A representative at LegalHoop, a trademark registration firm, also confirmed to Mashable that the mark "Yeezy" had already been taken and registered in 2013 across several categories.
We're unable to confirm if the Wenzhou Haifan Trading Company is actually the firm who opened the Yeezy store, but it's a bit of a coincidence that the store also happens to be set up in — where else — Wenzhou.
Image: legalhoop/mashable/screenshot
Image: LEGALHOOP/MASHABLE/SCREENSHOT
Image: LEGALHOOP/MASHABLE/SCREENSHOT
Still, there's hope for Kanye yet. He may still be able to contest the trademark.
Last year, China's supreme court ruled in favour of U.S. basketball player Michael Jordan, after a Chinese sportswear company used his Chinese name for their products.
Qiaodan (Jordan's name in Chinese) Sports said it had registered the name more than a decade ago, but Jordan's lawyers successfully argued that they had used his name without his permission.
So who knows, perhaps it won't be long before Kanye comes knocking on their door.
NEW YORK (AP) — Friends and political allies of embattled Rep. Charlie Rangel are noticeably quiet after the disclosure that the 40-year House veteran and dean of the New York congressional delegation may face serious charges from a House ethics panel.
Rangel, 80, told reporters Friday that he looked forward to a public airing of the charges next week and fully intended to fight to clear his name. But national Democrats, already nervous about the party's prospects in the November election, had little to say publicly about Rangel's plight.
It's a particularly vexing situation for New York Democrats, who know Rangel well and have benefited for years from his campaign contributions and his advocacy for the state — particularly on the powerful Ways and Means Committee, which he chaired before stepping down from the post last March.
To criticize Rangel would look politically expedient for these Democrats and could risk the ire of the Congressional Black Caucus and the many influential black activists in New York. But staying silent leaves them vulnerable to Republican charges that the party is not sufficiently tough on the ethical lapses of its members.
Another issue for many of New York's top officeholders: a scheduled Aug. 11 campaign fundraiser for Rangel at the Plaza Hotel in Manhattan, hosted by outgoing Gov. David Paterson and chaired by most of the state's Democratic party elite, including Attorney General Andrew Cuomo, the Democratic candidate for governor, and Sens. Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand. New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, a Republican-turned-independent, was listed as a co-host as well.
Asked at a Buffalo event Friday about Rangel, Gillibrand said she still backed him and planned to attend the fundraiser.
“I support the chairman. He's done a great deal of good for this country,” Gillibrand said, which drew a blast from Republican David Malpass, who is seeking the GOP nomination to challenge Gillibrand.
“By affirming her support for the ethically challenged congressman, Sen. Gillibrand has once again chosen insider Washington politics over the interests of New Yorkers,” Malpass said.
Few others were willing to weigh in on Rangel's behalf.
In an e-mail message, Bloomberg spokesman Jason Post said the mayor's position had not changed and he would reserve judgment until evidence was presented by the ethics panel. A spokesperson said Schumer was still planning to attend the Rangel fundraiser, while a Cuomo spokesman said the campaign schedule had not been mapped out far enough yet to know whether Cuomo would be able to attend.
Also at issue for some New York Democrats: contributions Rangel has made to their campaign committees, which Republicans say are tainted.
Rangel made the vast majority of his contributions in the 2008 campaign cycle, before the ethics committee concluded he had broken House rules by accepting corporate donations for travel to the Caribbean earlier this year. After that, many Democrats gave Rangel's money to charity.
Two New York House Democrats, Dan Maffei and Michael McMahon, have said they will keep the money they've received from Rangel.
“I talked to him last night, and his position hasn't changed. We're not going to give up money that came from the past,” Maffei spokeswoman Abigail Gardner said.
McMahon's spokeswoman, Jennifer Nelson, said McMahon had contributed the $1,000 he'd received from Rangel to the Wounded Warriors charity but that he would keep the rest.
“As Congressman McMahon has said before, he is not going to take other people's money to replace funds already spent to satisfy those seeking political gain,” Nelson said.
For his part, Rangel has said he fully intends to run for another term. He faces four poorly funded challengers in the Sept. 14 Democratic primary, including Adam Clayton Powell IV, the son of the famed Harlem congressman Rangel first defeated in 1970.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
By ALANNA DURKIN RICHER and MARK SHERMAN, Associated Press
RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — A U.S. Supreme Court decision reviving a challenge to several Virginia legislative districts could send lawmakers back to the drawing board, but Republicans say they are confident the state's current electoral map will withstand further scrutiny.
The justices on Wednesday tossed out a ruling that upheld 11 districts in which African-Americans made up at least 55 percent of eligible voters and ordered the lower court to re-examine the boundaries. The lawsuit accused lawmakers of illegally packing black voters into certain districts to make surrounding districts whiter and more Republican.
Democrats say they're certain the lower court will find the districts unconstitutional and force lawmakers to redraw them. Marc Elias, an attorney for the Virginia voters who brought the case, said they will push for that to happen before the November elections.
"It's important that the people of the Commonwealth don't have to have another election using unconstitutional district lines, and we will move forward as quickly as possible to make sure we have constitutional and fair lines in place for the 2017 elections," Elias said.
The top Republican in the Virginia House, however, said he's confident that the current boundaries will stand.
"The Supreme Court declined the Plaintiffs' request to find that the districts are unconstitutional," House Speaker William Howell said in a statement. "We have read the Court's opinion and are quite confident that we will win when we go back to the District Court," he said.
Justice Anthony Kennedy said in his majority opinion that the three-judge federal court used the wrong legal standard when it determined that race did not play too large a role in creating the 11 districts. The high court upheld one challenged district — the 75th — in which the lower court found that race was an important factor and that lawmakers were justified in considering it.
For the districts at issue, in the Richmond and Hampton Roads areas, the state argued that the 55 percent threshold was necessary so that minority voters could elect a candidate of their choice, an important consideration under the federal Voting Rights Act. The black voters who sued over the state's 2011 districting plan argued that it diluted the voting power of African-Americans.
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, who took office after the redistricting and backed the lawsuit, said the decision is a "victory for democracy in Virginia," according to McAuliffe spokesman Brian Coy.
"The governor has long believed that Virginia's legislative lines are unconstitutionally racially gerrymandered," Coy said.
But because the court left it to the lower court to sort out whether the districts were improperly drawn, election law expert Richard Hasen at the University of California at Irvine law school called the outcome "more of a punt than a major decision."
When the lower court re-examines the districts, it could uphold them, as the high court did with District 75. It also could strike down the districts as illegal racial gerrymanders. Or it might uphold some and strike down others.
Elias said the lower court won't let the challenged districts stand because they weren't created using individualized analyses. Lawmakers came up with the 55 percent threshold by analyzing District 75 and then applying that figure to the other 11 districts, the lower court found.
Jason Kelly, an assistant professor of political science at Virginia Tech and expert on gerrymandering, agreed.
"I just don't know how you arrive at a different outcome without redrawing them because they've already proved — in fact, they admitted — that they drew it with this threshold," Kelly said.
Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Stephen Breyer, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Elena Kagan, Anthony Kennedy and Sonia Sotomayor joined Kennedy's opinion. Roberts' decision to join the majority was notable because he often is on the other side in cases involving race and electoral districts.
Justices Samuel Alito and Clarence Thomas, who also are skeptical of the use of race in drawing political districts, agreed with most of the outcome of the case, but differed with their colleagues on the details.
The Virginia case was one of two redistricting disputes the court heard in December. The other, involving North Carolina congressional districts, remains undecided.
___
Sherman reported from Washington.
Pittsburgh Steelers offensive lineman and decorated Army veteran Alejandro Villanueva became an instant hero to many fans around the National Football League when he became the lone player on the Pittsburgh Steelers to stand for the national anthem before Sunday's game against the Chicago Bears. And those fans are responding to Villanueva's act with their wallets.
On Fanatics.com, sales of Villanueva's jersey skyrocketed, launching up to the third highest-seller in Pittsburgh Steelers jersey as of just before 8 PM Eastern time, behind only a custom Steelers jersey and Antonio Brown's jersey. Villanueva's jersey also jumped into the top sellers around the league, and as of 7:45 PM EST trailed only Marshawn Lynch, Derek Carr, Carson Wentz, Brown, and Aaron Rodgers in sales.
After a loss on the road, the Steelers will travel to Baltimore to face the Ravens before returning home to host the Jacksonville Jaguars. When they come back to Pittsburgh, there figure to be many more No. 78 jerseys in the crowd than ever before.
Invalid quantity. Please enter a quantity of 1 or more.
The quantity you chose exceeds the quantity available.
Please enter your name.
Please enter an email address.
Please enter a valid email address.
Please enter your message or comments.
Please enter the code as shown on the image.
Please enter an email address.
Please enter a valid email address in the To: field.
Please enter a subject for your message.
Please enter a message.
You can only send these invitations to 10 email addresses at a time.
$$$$ is not a properly formatted color. Please use the format #RRGGBB for all colors.
Please limit your message to $$$$ characters. There are currently ££££.
$$$$ is not a valid email address.
Please enter a promotional code.
N/A
Sold Out
Unavailable
Please enter a password with at least 8 characters.
You have exceeded the time limit and your reservation has been released.
The purpose of this time limit is to ensure that registration is available to as many people as possible. We apologize for the inconvenience.
This option is not available anymore. Please choose a different option.
Please read and accept the waiver.
All fields marked with * are required.
Please double-check your email address. The email address format does not appear valid.
Please double-check your email address. Your emails do not match.
$$$$ requires a number between ££££ and §§§§
US Zipcodes need to be 5 digits.
Postal code may contain no more than 9 letter or number characters.
Please double-check your website URL.
All fields marked with * are required.
Your card CSC needs to be 4 digits.
Please confirm your order:
$$$$
You have selected to Pay by Check.
Click OK to confirm your order.
Please confirm your order:
$$$$
You have selected to Pay at the Door.
Click OK to confirm your order.
Please confirm your order:
$$$$
You have selected to Pay upon Receiving an Invoice.
Click OK to confirm your order.
Your card CSC needs to be 3 digits.
Sofort is only available in Germany and Austria.
Boleto Bancario is only available in Brazil.
OXXO is only available in Mexico.
PagoFacil is only available in Argentina.
Rapipago is only available in Argentina.
Please enter a valid IBAN number.
You need to accept to charge your bank account.
Your billing zip code needs to be 5 digits.
Please double-check your CEP info. The CEP format should be something like 12345-678.
Please double-check your tax identifier.
There was a problem saving your address.
There was a problem saving your card info.
There was a problem saving your personal information.
McAfee Secure sites help keep you safe from identity theft, card fraud, spyware, spam, viruses and online scams.
Copying Prohibited by Law - McAfee Secure is a Trademark of McAfee, Inc.
Unknown card type.
No card number provided.
card number is in invalid format.
Wrong card type or card number is invalid.
card number has an inappropriate number of digits.
Please enter numbers here.
Please enter an integer value.
Numbers must be less or equal to $$$$
All the required fields have not been filled out. Click OK to proceed without all the required information, or click Cancel to finish entering the missing data.
Job titles must be less than 50 characters.
There is currently an issue with card submission on Safari with iOS7. Please try again with a different browser or device.
Sorry, invalid event registration form.
Sorry, invalid event or database error.
Sorry, quantity must be a positive integer.
Sorry, you did not select a valid ticket.
Sorry, invalid event organizer email address.
Your order was canceled.
Thank You. Your order has been successfully completed. Your name and email address have been added to the list of event attendees.
Sorry, that option is sold out.
Sorry, that option is no longer available.
Sorry, you entered an invalid quantity. Please enter a quantity of 1 or more next to the type or types of tickets you would like to purchase.
Sorry, you did not select any tickets to purchase. Please enter a quantity of 1 or more next to the type or types of tickets you would like to purchase.
Sorry, there are no tickets left for this event.
The tickets, ticket quantity or date and time you've requested are no longer available, due to previous sales. Please choose a different date, time or number of tickets and place your order again.
Sorry, one or more of the tickets you requested are no longer available for purchase.
Sorry, you need to select the date you want to attend.
Sorry, the promotional code you entered is not valid yet.
Sorry, the promotional code you entered has expired.
Sorry, the promotional code you entered is not valid.
Your session has expired. Try ordering again.
Sorry, your requested ticket quantity exceeds the number provided by your promotional code.
Sorry, the payment type chosen is invalid for this event.
Sorry, there is only 1 ticket left for this event.
We're sorry, this invitation is invalid.
We're sorry, this invitation has already been used.
We're sorry, you already have an order being processed for this event. Please wait a few minutes and try again.
We're sorry, there is a problem with your invitation. Please try again.
Invalid quantity of tickets selected.
Invalid donation amount.
Sorry, the promotional code you entered has been claimed.
The payment was cancelled.
The payment was declined by the bank.
The payment failed.
The payment expired.
Bummer! This team is full. Please join a different team.
Sorry, the tickets you've selected are no longer available.
We couldn't process your order because you have this event open on multiple tabs in your browser. Please try again with only one browser tab open.
Based on the quantity selected we are unable to seat your group together. Please try a smaller quantity.
Your browser does not support picking your own seat. Please select a quantity and the best available seats will be assigned to you.
Sorry, we can't complete your order in preview. Please make your event live to complete your order.
Group registration has been disabled for this event.
Sorry, you cannot reserve seats when your event is in draft mode.
There was a problem submitting your order. Code 17
Sorry, the payment type chosen is invalid for this event.
Sorry, your billing address was not saved properly, please try again.
Sorry, we experienced an internal error, please try again.
The captcha you entered is invalid. Please try again.
Invalid card selected. You have been logged out.
Sorry, your team selection was not valid.
Sorry, the payment type chosen is invalid for this event.
Sorry, your billing address was not saved properly, please try again.
Sorry, we experienced an internal error, please try again.
Please double-check your email address. The email address format does not appear valid.
State
Zip Code
Province
Postal Code
County
State/Territory
State/Province
State
This event has ended
None OCRG vs. San Diego Derby Dolls & Home Teams: Flat Track Roller Derby OCRG Saturday, March 3, 2012 from 5:00 PM to 10:00 PM (PST) Huntington Beach, CA Ticket Information Ticket Type Sales End Price Fee Quantity General Admission First come first served for folding chairs at rink level. Some standing room if chairs is full. Ended $13.00 $0.00 VIP Bleachers VIP seating in bleachers behind team benches and you can enjoy eating and drinking from your seat. Ended $22.00 $0.00 Kids- 10 & Under in General Admission First come first served for folding chairs at rink level. Some standing room if chairs is full. Ended Free $0.00 Early Bird- General Admission First come first served for folding chairs at rink level. Some standing room if chairs is full. Ended $10.00 $0.00 VIP Early Bird VIP seating in bleachers behind team benches and you can enjoy eating and drinking from your seat or get in early for first pick of folding chairs on the track. Ended $20.00 $0.00 Share OCRG vs. San Diego Derby Dolls & Home Teams: Flat Track Roller Derby Share Tweet Event Details ONLINE TICKET SALES END 3/3/12 at noon. TICKETS WILL be available at the door starting at 5:00pm. 2012 is our 7th Season and we are on a roll. 100% Pure Derby- Not from Concentrate! 5:00pm Doors & Will Call Open 5:15pm Food Trucks (Rancho a Go Go) start serving 5:50pm Flat Track Roller Derby Rolling Knockouts
vs.
Heebie Jeebies Blockwork Orange
vs.
San Diego Derby Dolls (Wildfires) Band: The Copy Cats INFO FOR ALL OUR GAMES: WHAT: OC Roller Girls present a whole year of Roller Derby-and if you get your ticket early -you will not be turned away for our sold out games! TRAVEL TEAMS: Blockwork Orange (Division 1) & Pulp Friction (Division 2) Skaters earn their spots through competitive play and dedication to the training needed to represent our league on the International level on both banked and flat tracks. We have scheduled games with some of the best teams in the country, we have received invites to several (flat & banked) tournaments and we look forward to an ambitious schedule. CLUB TEAMS: Crash Test Bunnies, Psycho Ex-Girlfriends, Rolling Knockouts & Heebie Jeebies In 2011 we hosted home games to debut our newest skaters on a rotating roster. In 2012 we expand our schedule and keep a permanent roster. (Like we did in 2006-2008) Regular season starts Spring of 2012 with play within the league for bragging rights of OCRG League Champion. ALL AGES: Spectators of all ages are permitted; we make this a family friendly event, please be aware that there are some safety-related seating restrictions for young fans. Kids 10 and under are free in general admission area. In VIP, everyone needs a ticket. TICKETS: Your ticket will be held at will call please bring id to will call which opens 1 hour before the first game. If you want a physical ticket and save $$- you can purchase them from any skater at any practice or at our shop OC Roller Skates 17208 Beach Blvd. Huntington Beach, CA 92647. A limited amount of VIP (if available) are sold online or by having a season ticket. SEASON TICKETS: This pass will get you into ALL 2012 home games and first chance to get tickets for any extra games added to the schedule. Your set of premier tickets will be left at will call or can be picked up at the shop. You will get access to early entrance to pick out your seats, no ticketing fees, free programs, free swag, you save $$$ on your purchase and the ticket cost does not go up when we host special events and no need to stand in line for will call! Each ticket admits one person to eligible OCRG events. Ticket purchases are non-refundable but fully transferable. WHERE: Home (flat track) Games, unless noted, are played at The Rinks-HB 5555 Mc Fadden Huntington Beach, CA 90749. Home (banked track) games, are played at the venue listed. WHEN: Double Headers are usually held with bout times of 6pm & 8pm on the 2nd Saturday of each month unless there is a tournament we will attend. We go dark for August & December with no home games. If it is a single game- then we usually have it at 7pm. Doors open 1 hour before the games. SEATING: General Admission seating at the HB location is on folding chairs if available or standing room only if chairs are full. Also popular- is picnic style in the crash zone…if age 18+ you can sit directly on the floor in the 2 rows in front of the chairs or other floor zone areas marked off. VIP seating at the HB location is choice of rink side seating in folding chairs if available or in the first come -first serve VIP bleachers (right behind team seating) and start line where you can enjoy beverages & snacks in your seat and swag deliveries happen here. Banked Track Seating: Varies by location. AFTER PARTY: (Flat games) Plan to party with us at Suds on Springdale and Warner to see who gets the MVP and meet the skaters and refs of OCRG. (Banked games) Check out the program for our party spot. CAUTION: WE PLAY ROUGH! LOOK OUT FOR FLYING ROLLER GIRLS RISK FACTORS: The holder of this ticket assumes all risk incidental to the game before, during or after a bout by any participate or anyone in connection with the event. Including (But not limited to the danger of property damage or risk of bodily injury. The holder understands and acknowledges that the OCRG, the facility and/or any individual players are not liable for any personal injury or property damage that may occur as a result of your attendance at one of our events or practices. RELEASE The ticket holder releases the OCRG, all members of the OCRG, any person participating in activities in association with OCRG, and the OCRGs affiliated entities, any agent, owner, employee or representative of the OCRG or any such entity or any successors in interest, heirs and assigns of any of the foregoing released persons and entities and agrees not to sue them on account of or in conjunction with any claims, causes of action, injuries, damage, cost of expenses arising out of the activity, including those based on death, bodily injury or property damage whether or not caused by the acts, omissions or other fault of the parties being released. Have questions about OCRG vs. San Diego Derby Dolls & Home Teams: Flat Track Roller Derby? When & Where 5555 McFadden Ave
Huntington Beach, CA 92649
Saturday, March 3, 2012 from 5:00 PM to 10:00 PM (PST)
Add to my calendar
Outlook Calendar Google Calendar Yahoo! Calendar iCal Calendar Organizer OCRG Our hard-hitting, fast skating league has been competing since 2006.. Come and cheer on your favorite OC skater at an upcoming game or become one yourself by joining our School of Hard Blocks to learn to skate flat track roller derby. View organizer profile 101 past events on Eventbrite
Sixteen Democratic senators who voted for the Affordable Care Act are asking that one of its fundraising mechanisms, a 2.3 percent tax on medical devices scheduled to take effect January 1, be delayed. Echoing arguments made by Republicans against Obamacare, the Democratic senators say the levy will cost jobs — in a statement Monday, Sen. Al Franken called it a “job-killing tax” — and also impair American competitiveness in the medical device field.
The senators, who made the request in a letter to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, are Franken, Richard Durbin, Charles Schumer, Patty Murray, John Kerry, Kirsten Gillibrand, Amy Klobuchar, Joseph Lieberman, Ben Nelson, Robert Casey, Debbie Stabenow, Barbara Mikulski, Kay Hagan, Herb Kohl, Jeanne Shaheen, and Richard Blumenthal. All voted for Obamacare.
Two other Democrats, senators-elect Joe Donnelly and Elizabeth Warren, also signed the letter. Donnelly voted for Obamacare as a member of the House. Warren was not in Congress at the time.
“The medical technology industry directly employs over 400,000 people in the United States and is responsible for a total of two million skilled manufacturing jobs,” the senators wrote in a December 4 letter to Reid. “We must do all we can to ensure that our country maintains its global leadership position in the medical technology industry and keeps good jobs here at home.”
Beyond that, the senators say, the medical device industry “has received little guidance about how to comply with the tax” — a reference to the apparently confused and halting nature of the Obama administration's implementation of Obamacare.
Several of the senators, many of whom have medical device manufacturers in their states, have opposed the tax for a long time. During the Obamacare debate, for example, Franken and Klobuchar were among a group of senators who successfully pushed to reduce the tax. (The device giant Medtronic is headquartered in Minnesota.)
On Monday, Franken again expressed his opposition to the tax he voted for. “I want to repeal the medical device tax altogether,” the senator and former comedian said in a statement. “But I am concerned that we are running out of time before this job-killing tax goes into effect. So, for now, the best thing to do to ensure that this important industry continues to create jobs and producing life-saving devices is to delay this unwise tax.” Franken and other want Reid to include a provision to delay the tax in the ongoing fiscal cliff negotiations.
None of the senators found his or her earlier objections to the tax a sufficient reason to vote against Obamacare. In December 2009, with 60 votes in the Senate and a determined Republican opposition, Democrats needed every vote they could get to pass the president's national health care plan. But now, with Obamacare — and the taxes to fund it — about to become a reality, some of those Democrats are singing a different tune.
Lt. Brian Rice, right, of the Baltimore police is escorted to a waiting car after being found not guilty on all charges related to the death of Freddie Gray.
July 18, 2016 Lt. Brian Rice, right, of the Baltimore police is escorted to a waiting car after being found not guilty on all charges related to the death of Freddie Gray. Jerry Jackson/Baltimore Sun via AP
The scene in Baltimore after officer is acquitted of charges in Freddie Gray case
The scene in Baltimore after officer is acquitted of charges in Freddie Gray case
A judge on Monday found the highest-ranking officer charged in Freddie Gray's death not guilty on all counts, dealing a devastating blow to prosecutors, who have now tried four officers without a conviction, and stoking doubts about whether the state can win a guilty verdict against the remaining defendants.
Judge Barry G. Williams acquitted Lt. Brian Rice, 42, of manslaughter, reckless endangerment and misconduct in office after a week-long bench trial, finding that Rice did not commit a crime when he loaded Gray, 25, into a police transport van without seat-belting him. Gray suffered a severe neck injury as he was being taken to a police station and died a week later.
The verdict renews questions about whether prosecutors will go forward or drop charges against the three officers awaiting trial. The judge recently acquitted Officer Caesar Goodson Jr., who drove the transport van, as well as Officer Edward M. Nero, who helped arrest Gray, both after bench trials. Officer William Porter is scheduled to be retried in the fall on manslaughter and other counts after a jury deadlocked in December.
Officer Garrett Miller is facing trial on assault and misconduct charges in late July, and Sgt. Alicia White — who is charged with manslaughter, assault and misconduct — is set to be tried in October.
It is unclear what new evidence or witnesses the state can present to bolster its arguments in the remaining cases. With each passing trial, prosecutors have offered theories about each officer's culpability in Gray's death, injury or alleged wrongful arrest, but Williams has been incredulous at each turn.
Six Baltimore police officers were charged after Freddie Gray's death and arrest. Here's who they are. (Claritza Jimenez,Erin Patrick O'Connor/The Washington Post)
Police arrested Gray in West Baltimore the morning of April 12, 2015, after he ran from officers. Rice and other officers shackled his wrists and legs and put him in the prisoner compartment of a police van without restraining him. Prosecutors say Gray fell and struck his head.
At Porter's trial, prosecutors said Gray died because the officer callously ignored Gray's cries for help. At Nero's trial, the state argued that the officer lacked probable cause to make the arrest and urged the judge to convict him of assault.
For Goodson — who faced second-degree depraved-heart murder, the most serious charge in the case — prosecutors told the judge that the officer gave Gray a “rough ride,” driving recklessly as Gray bounced around inside the police van. Prosecutors laid out the theory in a dramatic opening statement, only to back away from it in closing arguments after the judge challenged their evidence.
In Rice's case, prosecutors again appeared to modify the theory they presented at the beginning of the trial. In his opening, prosecutor Michael Schatzow argued that Rice should be found guilty because he was the senior officer on the scene of Gray's arrest; in closing arguments, Schatzow's counterpart Janice Bledsoe said the lieutenant wanted to “punish and humiliate” Gray for resisting police.
Reading the Rice verdict in a packed courtroom Monday, Williams said Rice's failure to seat-belt Gray “may have been a mistake and may have been bad judgment,” but it didn't amount to a crime. He criticized prosecutors for leaving the court to “assume facts” about Rice's intentions when the lieutenant decided not to restrain Gray in the van's prisoner compartment.
“There are a number of possibilities that this court could entertain,” Williams said. “However, the burden of proof rests with the state, and the court's imaginings do not serve as a substitute for evidence.”
[Read the transcript of the Rice verdict here]
Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan (R) said Monday that he does not see the point of moving forward with the remaining trials. “It's a waste of time and money,” Hogan said. “But that's up to the court system to decide.”
The law office representing Rice and a spokeswoman for State's Attorney Marilyn Mosby declined to comment on Monday's verdict, citing a gag order imposed by Williams. The Gray family attorney also declined to comment.
The police union on Monday again criticized Mosby, saying she rushed to judgment and urging her to drop the remaining cases. “The evidence hasn't changed, and as far as I know, no new evidence is going to be presented,” Baltimore City police FOP President Gene Ryan said.
Gray's death became a flash point in an already roiling national debate over racial profiling and the deaths of black men in police custody. Peaceful demonstrations in Baltimore gave way to riots and looting in the days after Gray's funeral, prompting officials to impose a curfew and call in the National Guard to restore order.
Mosby announced charges against the officers in a nationally televised news conference last year, saying she would seek justice for the city's young people. Mosby was not in the courtroom Monday, but she has been present for previous verdicts.
Rice, wearing a gray suit and a blue dress shirt, shook hands with his lawyers when the judge finished reading his decision. Co-defendants Miller, Goodson and Nero sat at the front of the courtroom; the officers patted each other on the back when the verdict came down.
In his remarks, Williams said prosecutors did not prove that Rice acted with “wanton and abandon indifference to human life” solely because he didn't follow department orders requiring officers to seat-belt detainees. “Commission of a crime cannot simply be equated to failure to follow a general order,” Williams said.
The judge also sought to resolve some ambiguity over the scene of Gray's arrest. Rice's defense attorneys and prosecutors butted heads over whether a group of onlookers posed a threat to law enforcement as officers moved Gray into the van. Rice's lawyers said a nearby apartment complex was “emptying out” and an angry crowd was cursing officers. Prosecutors contended that the scene was calm and that officers weren't in danger.
“It's clear that emotions and tensions ran high on April 12, 2015,” Williams said. “None of the individuals that testified indicated that it was a quiet time.”
David Jaros, a law professor at the University of Maryland in Baltimore, said Monday's verdict will make it a challenge to convict the remaining officers, but added that it was important to consider the cases beyond a simple tally of wins and losses.
“If [a prosecutor] believes a crime was committed and they believe they're sending a valuable message to the community about the value of a poor black man's life or what is appropriate responsibility for a police officer, there are benefits of this trial that can't be measured in convictions and acquittals,” Jaros said.
Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said in a statement Monday that Rice would face an administrative review by the police department.
Outside court, about a half-dozen protesters received the news with disappointment.
Tawanda Jones, 38, a picketer who has been at each trial, stood in front of the courthouse screaming in disgust.
“Until we change these laws in place to keep these killer cops off the streets,” Jones said, “it's going to continuously happen.”
LaVendrick Smith and Ovetta Wiggins contributed to this report.
Thanks to Golan Levin's “atypical, anti-disciplinary and inter-institutional” FRSCI lab, the CMU Computer Club, and ROM hacking bit-boy Cory Archangel, several instances of previously unknown visual artwork, done by Andy Warhol on the Amiga 1000 in 1985, have been recovered.
Warhol's use of this classic multimedia system is but one of the many surprising, rich aspects of Amiga history that are carefully detailed by Jimmy Maher in The Future Was Here: The Commodore Amiga. An early topic is the launch of the first Amiga computer at the Lincoln Center, with Andy Warhol and Debbie Harry in attendance and with Warhol producing a portrait of her on the machine during the festivities. Maher also writes about how Warhol's attitude toward the computer was actually a bit retrograde in some ways: Rather than thinking of the screen as a first-class medium for visual art, he wanted better printers that could produce work in a more conventional medium. The discussion of Warhol's involvement is but one chapter (actually, less than one chapter) in a book that covers the Amiga's hardware development, technical advances, relationship to image editing and video processing work, and lively demos — from the early, famous “Boing Ball” demo to the productions of the demoscene. The Future Was Here is the latest book in the Platform Studies series, which I edit with Ian Bogost.
With these images surfacing now, after almost 30 years, the age-old question “soup or art?” is awakened in us once again. Do we need to print these out to enjoy them? To sell them for cash? Did Warhol invent what is now thought of as the “MS Paint” style, back on the Amiga 1000 in 1985?
Note, finally, that there is a detailed report on the recovery project provided in PDF form.
A southerly wind overnight pushed smoke from a wildfire at Camp Pendleton throughout Orange County, where residents as far north as Huntington Beach reported smelling a burning odor.
The fire began at 11:45 p.m. and burned 81 acres of vegetation at the San Mateo helicopter landing zone. The cause of the fire remains under investigation.
Officials with the Air Quality Management District in Diamond Bar recorded a small rise in air pollution at the Anaheim monitoring station early Wednesday. By mid-afternoon, air quality returned to a good-to-moderate range, said Sam Atwood, spokesman for the district.
Cities including Newport Beach and Laguna Beach tweeted that air quality had been affected locally.
That smoky smell is coming from a vegetation fire at Camp Pendleton. https://t.co/wUureYMsVD — CityofNewportBeach (@newportbeachgov) August 16, 2017
“HB residents may notice a smell of smoke and haze this morning from a brush fire burning in South Orange County at Camp Pendleton,” tweeted the Huntington Beach Fire Department.
A Mexican family stands next to the border wall between Mexico and the United States, in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico on May 23, 2017.
It is fitting that Trump & Friends co-host Brian Kilmeade just spent a day down on the southern border with Kirstjen Nielsen, John Kelly's former aide de camp who's the very new Homeland Security boss. Asked in the piece that ran this morning as to what Trump told her when she took over, she said “Build the wall, protect our country.”
Well, remember the wall? It's lost the media's interest amid the avalanche of so many other Trump and other stories. But a great joint investigative report makes clear that it would be built on land yanked from citizens in the most cavalier and egregious government conduct.
A project out this morning by Texas Tribune and ProPublica—a sign of the media times as outlets realize they can't go it alone on certain big efforts—details the federal land grab of Texas property that spans several presidencies and forms the heart of the once privately-held territory to be used by Trump to build his wall. The reporting project was financially assisted by the nonprofit Pulitzer Center and here's a bottom line: long before Trump was elected the government was out of control as it totally abuses its power to take away land from citizens and, way back then, built an 18-foot-high fence in Brownsville, Texas.
Yes, the Department of Homeland Security “paid $18.2 million starting in 2007 to accumulate a ribbon of land occupying almost half the length of the 120 miles of the Rio Grande Valley in southernmost Texas. It first tried to play nice, then filed hundreds of eminent domain lawsuits to get what it wanted, namely thousands of acres on the borders of Texas, Arizona New Mexico and California.” This dissects more than 400 eminent domain lawsuits and leaves you shaking its head about actions that have played out in successive presidencies and that highlight was one law professor concedes “is pretty much a very dark corner of the law.”
The reporting partners now find that the department “circumvented laws designed to help landowners receive fair compensation,” not conducting formal appraisal of targeted parcels and hit owners with low-ball offers. Meanwhile, wealthier owners with lawyers “negotiated deals that, on average, tripled the opening bids from Homeland Security” while poor landowners essentially took what was offered.
Further, “The Justice Department bungled hundreds of condemnation cases. The agency took property without knowing the identity of the actual owners. It condemned land without researching facts as basic as property lines. Landholders spent tens of thousands of dollars to defend themselves from the government's mistakes.”
The government was forced to redraft certain settlements with owners after shafting them by not accounting for valuable nearby water rights. And, get this, the department sometimes “paid people for property they did not actually own. The agency did not attempt to recover the misdirected taxpayer funds, instead paying for land a second time once it determined the correct owners.”
Michael Chertoff, the former prosecutor who was Homeland Security boss under President George W. Bush and personally approved the condemnations in Texas, declined to comment. for a story that begins in that era but continued. President Obama oversee construction of the fence, with 654 miles built at a cost of $2.4 billion by Homeland Security.
This is a fine job by ProPublica's T. Christian Miller and the Texas Tribune's Julián Aguilar and Kiah Collier. Read it and realize that the bulldozers and pile drivers are probably not too far away. Maybe Kirstjen Nielsen will take a look, if she doesn't know the full history of what she inherits, as she chides Congress (as she did to Kilmeade this morning) for not giving her the needed funding.
Does she, or Kilmeade, have a clue who the government got this land from? It was not clear, as they ambled along the Rio Grande, focusing instead on the technology of a wall, with $1.8 billion now headed its way. “It will be cost effective,” Kilmeade assured.
Baseball writers protest a player contract
Imagine if President Trump's compensation were tied to how often he is referenced in Maggie Haberman stories, Nate Silver analytics, Stephen Colbert monologues, Rachel Maddow dissections or Sean Hannity rhetorical embraces.
It's why the baseball writers are moved to uncharacteristic collective disapproval with one player's contract provision that could have given the player distinct incentive to suck-up to those covering him.
The spat results from the Chicago Cubs signing a free agent pitcher named Tyler Chatwood to a three-year deal for $38 million (it says something about the sports marketplace that a guy who's lost more games than he's won, and may be little known to even diehards, can command $38 million). The problem is tying so-called escalator clauses in the contract to whether he receives a single vote for the annual Cy Young Award for best pitcher.
A base salary of $13 million could have jumped to either $15 million or $17 million in 2020 if he received votes for the award in either of the two previous seasons. But, be informed, the award is voted on by the baseball writers, the people who'd be covering Chatwood , some of whom realized it would put them in total conflict of interest.
So the Baseball Writers Association of America--many of whose members are hobnobbing with the managements and players they cover at a big annual confab in Lake Buena Vista, Fla.----told the Cubs that if the provision stuck, it would unilaterally make Chatwood ineligible for the award. It sounds a bit like Trump tying his salary to votes for Time Person of the Year (or, actually, akin to Time saying it wouldn't even consider him if such were the case).
The Cubs altered the provision, and ironically so. The Cubs' justly heralded baseball chief, Theo Epstein, incurred the displeasure of the same association when, as World Series-winning Boston Red Sox general manager, he included a similar provision in a 2007 contract for pitcher Curt Schilling.
As Chicago Tribune baseball writer Paul Sullivan underscores, the association stepped in this time when word spread about the clause. But, come to think of it, the White House analogy doesn't hold since Trump would argue that it's he who's made some of the press who cover him rich, or at least inspired greater revenues for their employers. And he would be correct.
Breaking: The Murdoch empire is split
It was unfathomable not long ago but, of late, predicted: "Walt Disney Co. agreed (Thursday) to a $52.4 billion deal to acquire much of the global empire that media baron Rupert Murdoch assembled over three decades, from a fabled Hollywood studio to Europe's largest satellite-TV provider to one of India's most-watched channels," reports Bloomberg.
There are tons of reasons it seems smart for Disney, including building up content with franchises like Avatar and Planet of the Apes, and cutting out various middlemen. But what about Murdoch hawking a giant chunk of an empire that he's built, often in the face of conventional wisdom that he was overreaching (some thought he was nuts in creating a new TV network to begin with, then "overpaying" for NFL rights and aggressively getting into sports)?
As Bloomberg wrote earlier, "The billionaire has been frustrated with the market undervaluing his assets, and is willing to reshape his empire if he can get what he thinks the holdings are worth." In his 80s, he remains the gambler even as he gives over the operation (slowly) to his sons.
Tavis Smiley suspended
If it's Thursday, the latest journalist suspended for alleged sexual harassment must be...Well, it's a tough time for public broadcasting. A top NPR executive, then a Boston-based NPR host and now it's Tavis Smiley, whose show is suspended by PBS, disclosed Variety's Daniel Holloway.
"Effective today, PBS has indefinitely suspended distribution of Tavis Smiley, produced by TS Media, an independent production company,” It says it commented an investigation immediately after learning of troubling allegations regarding Mr. Smiley. This investigation included interviews with witnesses as well as with Mr. Smiley. The inquiry uncovered multiple, credible allegations of conduct that is inconsistent with the values and standards of PBS, and the totality of this information led to today's decision.”
A demand for a reporter's sources falls short
Jamie Kalven, a journalist-acitivist who's broken key stories about the cop-related Chicago shooting death of Laquan McDonald, won't have to testify about his sources, a judge ruled. Judge Vincent Gaughan rejected arguments that Kalven's sources leaked legally protected statements made to police investigators from by police officer Jason Van Dyke, who is awaiting trial on first-degree murder charges for the October 2014 fatal shooting of the 17-year-old McDonald.
Fake public comments
Millions of public comments are posted on federal agency websites on this issue or that, presumably to suggest real sentiment about a topic. Alas, The Wall Street Journal documents, lots of them are bogus, including during the campaign to lobby the Federal Communications Commission on net neutrality. With the help of a private firm, Mercury Analytics, it spins a great tale about the manipulation of public opinion and how advocacy groups get away with it, with the paper tracking down lots of people whose identities were essentially stolen.
So I read this and remembered a great Chicago Tribune series, The Fog Merchants, by Christopher Drew and Michael Tackett. In part, it was about lobbying and ginning up purported grassroots public sentiment. It won the Edgar A. Poe Award at the White House Correspondents Dinner.
The series was in 1992 and it won the award the next year. Some things don't change in Washington, even as technology does. Tackett's now at The New York Times, while Drew took a buyout from The Times and is teaching journalism at Louisiana State University
Fact-checking on the rise, correct? Well.....
Poynter notes a study from the Duke Reporters' Lab: "The number of active fact-checking organizations in the United States has decreased from the start of the year, despite covering a prolifically inaccurate president. Duke estimates there are now 44 American fact-checking outlets, of which 28 are local and 16 are primarily national, compared to the beginning of 2017, when there were 51, 35 and 16, respectively."
What's up?
"This count includes some political fact-checkers that are mainly seasonal players. These news organizations have consistently fact-checked politicians' statements through political campaigns, but then do little if any work verifying during the electoral 'offseason.' And not all the U.S. fact-checkers in our database focus exclusively — or even at all — on politics. Sites such as Gossip Cop, Snopes.com and Climate Feedback are in the mix, too."
On the pop music beat
Ed Sheeran's 2017 "Shape of You" is the most streamed song ever on Spotify and, writes The Atlantic's Spencer Kornhaber, typifies the hot pop music genre of a "sudden boom of white male solo singers with hits."
But Sheeran "is this era's head boy in pop not only because of his conversational croon and facility with an acoustic guitar; he's also a sponge, absorbing all the elements in the pop sea."
A blockbuster Roy Moore-New York Times co-production
The paper's live results page for the Senate race generated more than 13 million page views.
Really fake news
Axios informs, "Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) said he was the victim of fake news hit on Tuesday, and has turned over to Capitol Police a document that purports to detail lurid sexual harassment accusations by a former staffer."
"Why it matters: This was an apparent effort to dupe reporters and smear a senator — both symptoms of an amped-up news environment where harassment charges are proliferating and reporters have become targets for fraud."
A strong Alabama election follow-up
The New York Times' Nate Cohn notes How "Over the last eight years, political analysts had come to think that Democrats were at a distinct disadvantage in midterm elections, since their younger and nonwhite coalition was less likely to turn out than older and white voters."
"It is time to retire that notion. Tuesday in Alabama, Democrats benefited from strong turnout that plainly exceeded midterm levels, while white working-class Republicans voted in weaker numbers. It was enough to send Doug Jones to the Senate instead of Roy Moore, in one of the reddest states in the country."
"This has been a pattern in all of this year's major special elections, as well as in the Virginia general election. It is consistent with a long-term trend toward stronger turnout by the party out of power in off-year elections. It also suggests that President Trump's less educated and affluent version of the Republican coalition has eroded the party's traditional turnout advantage."
If you missed the Bismarck Tribune...
It reports: "Appearing for his preliminary hearing, accused arsonist Spencer Norton said he has video evidence that former President Barack Obama started the fire in his fiancee's garage last month. 'That will be an interesting video to show at trial,' District Judge John Grinsteiner said."
"Norton pleaded not guilty to felony arson for the Nov. 7 fire at 1448 S. Third St. in
The morning Babel
As Trump & Friends took us down to the southern border, taxes were a big topic on all the morning shows, as were Republican charges of political bias against the Robert Mueller investigation and some calling for his head.
Morning Joe gave congressional grilling of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein ample air time as Rosenstein defended keeping Mueller right where he is, doing his job. Co-host Joe Scarborough was in a lather with the arguable myopia of Republicans calling for canning Mueller so soon after the fall of former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn and others.
On CNN's New Day Washington Post reporter Greg Miller surfaced to detail an excellent new Post effort that underscores, "Nearly a year into his presidency, Trump continues to reject the evidence that Russia waged an assault on a pillar of American democracy and supported his run for the White House." Take a look here if you want to see the paper's tale of Trump dogmatism and, at best, wishful thinking about Vladimir Putin.
The members of that House committee that queried Rosenstein should take a look, too.
Corrections? Tips? Please email me: jwarren@poynter.org. Would you like to get this roundup emailed to you every morning? Sign up here.
Former China international Sun Jihai will become the Club Ambassador in China for English Premier League club Manchester City.
The club announced Friday on its website that the Chinese Sun will "make a return to the Club" after he spent six years with the Blues between 2002 to 2008, making 130 appearances and scoring on four occasions.
"He was the first Chinese player to score in the Premier League; heading home in a 2-0 victory over Birmingham City in October 2002.
"The defender was a fan favorite, helping City to win the First Division title in 2002," said the club.
The news was first shared by Sun during a live broadcast of popular CCTV program Who is the King - a school-centric football contest program, where Sun was invited as a guest star to engage with football teams of all ages from primary school through to college.
As part of his new role as ambassador, Sun will promote the work City are undertaking within the local community and with their local partners in China.
Speaking about his appointment, Sun said: "I'm more than happy to rejoin the big Manchester City family and take on the new role as an ambassador.
"I am very much looking forward to working with the professional marketing and management team at City to promote football in China, and to work with City fans once again."
Ferran Soriano, Chief Executive of Manchester City FC, added, "Everyone at the Club is delighted to welcome one of our much-loved ex-players - Sun Jihai - back in the City team to represent us as an ambassador in China.
"We believe that with Sun on board, we can build a stronger link between the Club and our fans in China and help us to work more closely with our China-based partners."
Taken from Xinhua
Have you spotted an Apple Watch whilst out and about — before the April release date?
Share it with us on Twitter and we will add it to this regularly updated round-up.
Apple Watch sighting pic.twitter.com/DbN3hx5rVD — William Buck (@wsbuck) September 11, 2014
Apple engineer seen wearing Watch. (not the healthiest outing they could have hoped for) pic.twitter.com/YUYbNDOIp8 — Faisal Qureshi (@fqure) September 29, 2014
First Apple Watch spotted in public..at a Subway :p pic.twitter.com/0FSpHIN1OV — philipn (@philipn) December 1, 2014
Spotted dude with an Apple Watch at @RitualCoffee pic.twitter.com/AqjCJUXrdF — Tim Johnsen (@timonus) December 13, 2014
Apple Watch sighting in Campbell. pic.twitter.com/fd0JkO41JC — Bobby (@ActuallyBobby) February 7, 2015
Apple Watch spotted in public. pic.twitter.com/o7JoHVLwMx — David Jordan (@djordan777) March 15, 2015
Share this: Reddit
Google
Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Pocket
By Jeremy Burgess
Photos by Art Meripol
This story appears in Birmingham magazine's February 2017 issue. Subscribe today!
November 12, 2016 was the first time I met Henry "Gip" Gipson, but he spoke to me as if I were familiar.
We were set up on a couch inside a trailer parked alongside a driveway, one of the many hideaways residing on his property. After Gipson milled about for an hour and a half--shaking hands with old friends and new, pumping air into a four-wheeler tire, and picking on his guitar as the crowd began to find their seats--I finally pulled him away from the commotion. What I expected to be an interview ended up feeling more like a sermon.
But, that's the nature of Gip's Place. For more than 60 years, the beloved Bessemer juke joint has been part concert venue, part church, part fortress of gratitude. No matter what's going on in the outside world, be it widespread political turmoil or police sent to uphold city regulations, Gip's Place provides a stronghold every Saturday night for anyone that wants to join the party.
And no man is turned away.
--
One might say that the blues is a paradox. A joyful noise born of hardship--or more accurately, an outlet of expression for a desire to overcome that hardship.
It's fitting, then, that Gipson's labor of love was born out of an act of hate.
Henry Gipson was born in Perry County, Alabama in 1920. One of his first loves was the blues, a love that guided him to juke joints throughout town.
"I used to steal out the house and go to hear people playin' as a child," Gipson says. "I could go to these places every now and then."
By 12 or 13, he began to make music of his own. "That was just picking up a guitar and foolin' around with it," Gipson says, noting that he didn't begin playing seriously until a few years later.Nevertheless, a bond had been formed.
This was before the Civil Rights Movement began to take shape, however. Opportunities were limited for Gipson, and even when he was allowed to play for an audience, he wasn't always welcomed.
One of those instances took place at a venue in Hueytown, Ala., a story that he recalls all too vividly in the documentary "Gip" by Patrick Sheehan. As Gipson was performing, a white man offered him some food, and a little girl passed him a plate minutes later--an act that a group of men took offense to, "all of it because white folks don't pass anything to black folks," as he says in the documentary. They assaulted him on the spot, stomping his body and his hands with their boots and sending him straight to the hospital.
Though Gipson's physical wounds healed, the emotional wounds remained. All was not right with the world, especially the world he'd been born into, and this latest run-in was a cruel reminder of those injustices. Feeling detached from and unsatisfied by his situation, Gipson sought to create a refuge of sorts, where all people would be treated equally and accepted unconditionally.
"This saved my life," Gipson says. "Because after I was stomped and blood was everywhere, on account of some fools being deliberate. I decided that I would do some things. Let me find out why we can't come together."
And what better way to do that than with the blues?
--
"Sometimes he's in a playin' mood, sometimes he ain't. Tonight he's in a playin' mood."
Diane Guyton, Gipson's booking agent and general confidant, let me know early on that tonight was going to be a good one.
"He ain't drinkin' right now," she adds as Gipson ironically picked at a Jack Daniel's guitar, while folks began to fill in. "He's runnin' on his water so we're doing pretty good."
At Gip's Place, Gipson is the opening act, the intermission, and the closing number. While the visiting band for the evening loads their gear onto the stage and the sound man checks the levels, the man who's played alongside the likes of B.B. King, John Lee Hooker, and Chuck Berry sits to the far side of the stage, perched below the pink and blue neon sign that bears the juke joint's moniker, picking on his guitar and singing from the heart, even when you can't make out the words.
And when he's not on the stage, he's hard to miss.
As the master of ceremonies, Gipson says hello to just about everyone that walks down his driveway and puts on a wristband. He pauses for photos, all the while shaking hands and hugging strangers and old friends alike.
There's always a new face or two at Gip's Place on a Saturday night. As Alabama's only remaining authentic juke joint--and one of the few left in the country--it's the real deal, bringing in visitors from all over the world who want to experience a piece of music history.
I'd spent nearly three decades in Alabama and had never been. But one visit on a brisk fall evening was all it took for the magic to sink in.
The cozy quarters that still left room for dancing. The rows of smoked meats cooking on the grill. The glowing green and blue lights sparkling as they reflected off the trees above. The couple who got engaged midway through the evening. The modest television projecting sounds of LSU putting a hurting on Arkansas. The dozens of tables outside surrounded by mismatched plastic chairs, wooden chairs, folding chairs, even a computer chair or two. The aging but sprightly dog, Missy, showing love to visitors just as her owner taught her. The banners and signs and photos and flyers covering every inch of the building. The coolers full of bring-your-own beers.
And of course, a diverse crowd congregating pleasantly in spite of the recent culmination of a brutal election year.
Beyond the perimeter, we were a nation divided. At Gip's Place, none of that seemed to matter.
--
Less than four years ago, the future of Gip's Place was uncertain.
City officials in Bessemer, including Mayor Kenneth Gulley, were concerned with the legitimacy of Gipson's operation. Because Gip's Place is in the middle of a residential area--despite being around longer than just about any neighbor living there--complaints surfaced of noise, traffic, parking, and other inconveniences, all of which were amplified by the fact that Gipson didn't possess a business license.
So on May 4, 2013, local police showed up (as promised) and told Gipson that he had to shut the showdown or else they'd do it for him.
It was quite the ordeal, from the first rumblings of civic unrest to the official public hearing. Thankfully, there was a camera crew there to capture it all.
At first, Nashville filmmaker Patrick Sheehan only set out to do a short documentary, a sort of historical file to help preserve a cornerstone of local lore and its aging proprietor. But when the pieces began to fall into place, he
realized that he and his crew had a much bigger story on their hands.
"We knew the city had been threatening to shut him down for over a year, so we really didn't see that as part of the story," Sheehan says. "It wasn't until the city came and shut him down that we realized we were going to make a full-length documentary."
The original six-month timeline stretched to three and a half years off and on, culminating in May of 2016 when Sheehan and company "got [their] ending" after facing some structural questions.
Gipson's popularity had already been on the rise as a result of the city's attempts to shut Gip's Place down, and Sheehan's documentary--named, simply, "Gip"--is helping keep one of Alabama's sacred relics fresh in the minds of many. It premiered last summer at the Sidewalk Film Festival and has since gone on to screen at other highly-touted film festivals like Indie Memphis and Cucalorus in Wilmington, North Carolina. Plans are currently in the works to expand the film to a larger audience.
Gip's Place is a true Alabama tale, and "Gip" is the latest chapter. Lord willing, there are still a few chapters left to be written.
--
"There's no place in the world like this place here, let me tell you."
King Bee of Montgomery, Ala. was the latest band to grace the stage at Gip's Place, but their praise was an echo of all who came before them.
And why not? One might say things are better than ever at Gip's Place. Peace has been made between city officials and local police, and the turmoil only brought more attention to the juke joint. Gipson just turned 97, and as his legend continues to grow, more and more people will line up to witness his story--and to attempt to tell it.
I'm one of those people now. There were many before me, and there'll be others soon. But what is there new to say about Henry "Gip" Gipson at this point? How do you add to a story that's been told so many times?
As I soak in my surroundings, a local bystander finally checking off a long-overdue destination, I'm reminded of one of Bruce Springsteen's best lines: "The poets down here don't write nothin' at all/They just stand back and let it all be."
"Down here" is Gip's Place as much as it is anyplace else. And while I wasn't tasked with poetry per se, it was nonetheless a bit daunting.
But Gipson wasn't bothered by such as that. Because in his mind, it wasn't about him--it was about me.
"I don't know why He sent you here to want to make a recording," he says to me. "But if I was to do the thing that He said, and He said 'Turn no man away' ... and He means that today...'Turn no man away, for you may turn away your own angel' ... you might be my angel."
Minutes later, I stopped recording, and Gipson made his way to the stage to preach for a while before playing "Amazing Grace" on the harmonica to open
the show.
Saturday night didn't feel all that different from Sunday morning that weekend. We sang, we danced, we ate and drank. We came together, just as he'd
envisioned it in 1952.
And just like always, the invitation was open to all.
Details
Gip's Place | 3101 Avenue C, Bessemer | Open every Saturday at 8 p.m.
MANILA, Philippines – Forget about it and move on.
This was the advice of Philippine National Police (PNP) chief Gen. Ronald “Bato” dela Rosa to thousands of Sept. 21 protesters, who assembled in various parts of Metro Manila and proceeded to Luneta to oppose the country's return to dictatorial rule amid the alleged tyrannical acts of President Rodrigo Duterte.
“Alam natin ‘yan. Bakit in the recent years may ganito ba kalawak na protesta? Nakalimutan na angmartial law. Bakit binubuhay pa? Aba, move on naman tayo,” Dela Rosa said on Thursday.
[We know it (martial law). Were there protests in recent years that were as massive as this? Martial law had already been forgotten. Why do we have to resurrect it? Let's move on.]
The PNP chief said he, too, was a victim of the Marcos regime's martial rule but he was able to move on and promised himself that he would not hurt people.
“Ako biktima ng martial law. Maliit pa ako, nahuli kami sa curfew hour. Galing kami ng Digos…pag-uwi namin, naglakad kami, sinundan kami ng six-by-six truck, battalion ng PC. Sumakay kami sa six-by-six. Di kami hinatid sa Barangay Bato…nilagyan kami ng machine gun sa mukha. Iyak ako nang iyak,” Dela Rosa said.
[I was a victim of martial law. I was still small when we were apprehended during curfew hour. We came from Digos, we we're walking home when a six-by-six truck from a Philippine Constabulary battalion followed us. We were not brought to Barangay Bato, a machine gun was pointed to our faces. I cried hard.]
“Ang naging epekto sa akin, pag ako maging sundalo gagawin ko tama, ‘di ko sasaktan ang mamamayan [The effect on me was that I promised myself that when I become a soldier I would not hurt people],” he added.
Also, Dela Rosa said there was no truth to claims that Duterte was planning to impose martial law throughout the country, adding that the present administration is unlike the Marcos regime because there is no iron-fisted rule now as the three branches of the government are effectively working.
“Sus, wala sa isip ni Presidente ‘yong gano'n. Merong martial law sa Mindanao. Ang martial law ni Marcos, walang judiciary [That's not in the mind of the President. There is martial law in Mindanao. Marcos' martial law did not have a judiciary.]
Hops are cone-shaped flowers that grow on a vine, and serve as the spice in beermaking. There are dozens of varieties, each with a different flavor and character that can be used by brewers to shape their creations.
American hops often have strong citrus and pine flavors. European varieties, known as noble hops, impart softer earth, spice, and floral flavors. Hops can even produce woodsy or berry-like flavors. Hops also are responsible for beer's aroma—pouring a fresh pale ale or pilsner into a glass will release wonderfully complex scents which come from the hops used in these beers.
In addition to flavor, hops also contribute to beer's bitterness. While bitterness may not sound like a desirable thing, it's actually important: bitterness balances out the sugars left in the beer after fermentation. If you were to make a homebrew with just grain, yeast, and water, most people would find it too sweet.
Some styles, like the brown ale or hefeweizen, minimize the apparent bitterness and use just enough delicately-flavored hops to bring things into balance. Others, like IPAs, intentionally use assertive hops and showcase the bitter qualities (along with other hop flavors.)
When you buy hops, you'll probably find an %AA marked somewhere on the package. This number is the percentage of alpha acids by weight in the package. Alpha acids produce the bitterness in hops, so this percentage suggests how bitter one hop variety is compared to another. For example, a popular American hop called Cascade is generally rated 6%AA, while another type called Magnum is around 12%. If you make two versions of the same beer recipe, one using Cascade hops and the other using the same amount of Magnum hops, you will find the second one much more bitter (and differently flavored in general.)
The percentage of alpha acids is usually pretty consistent for each variety, but it can vary from crop to crop and year to year. If you're following a recipe that calls for 7%AA Amarillo hops, and you purchase a package listed as 13.5%, you should cut the amount you use in half or you'll end up with a very different beer than you intended. If a recipe calls for 3.5% AA Saaz hops and you buy 4%, I would consider that close enough and not really adjust the recipe.
Hops are added during the part of the brewing process called "the boil," which is exactly what it sounds like. For a brewer who uses extract, the boil happens after you've steeped your grains and dissolved the extract in water. At this point the liquid is called wort (pronounced "wert") and it's typically boiled for a total of 60 minutes. Once you bring the wort up to a vigorous boil, a recipe will call for hop additions at different times. The list of when to add the hops is called the hop schedule. A hop schedule always lists the length of time that the hops should be in the boil, not the amount of time you should wait to add the hops. Take a look at this hop schedule example:
0.5 ounce Northern Brewer 10%AA—60 minutes
1 ounce Fuggles 5%AA—20 minutes
This means you add the Northern Brewer hops so they will be boiling for 60 minutes—the full length of a typical boil. After 40 minutes has passed, add the Fuggles hops, so that they will be boiling for a total of 20 minutes. The reason hop schedules are written like this is because the amount of time that hops are boiled changes their flavor. Hops that are boiled for 60 minutes will impart strong bitterness but very few other flavors. Hops boiled for 10 or 20 minutes will contribute a lot of flavor and some bitterness. Hops boiled for one to five minutes will add distinct aromas and flavor to the beer, but not much bitterness.
Homebrew shops carry a wide variety of hops. They are most commonly available in two forms: whole leaf hops and pellet hops.
Whole leaf hops are harvested from the vine and dried without much other processing. They still retain most of their cone-like shape. Pellets are the most popular, and are made from hop cones that are crushed and pressed into a shape that looks like rabbit food. While these two styles do have a few differences, you can substitute one for the other without having to make recipe adjustments. Pellet hops have the benefit of being less expensive and take up less space, but some homebrewers find that whole leaf hops are easier to work with and clean up. I use both styles without complaint. You also might find hops sold as "plugs" on occasion. These are whole leaf hops that are crushed and pressed, but not as much as a pellet. Plugs are priced similarly to whole leaf hops.
Now we've looked at three essential ingredients in a beer: grain, yeast and hops. Who's ready to get brewing?
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
A company in Zhengzhou, China's Henan Province, has caused outrage online after some of its employees were spotted crawling on their hand and knees around a local lake because they couldn't meet their sales targets!
The shocking corporal punishment was publicised by various local media outlets. According to the reports, at least a dozen people were seen dragging themselves on all fours on a wooden path along the lake. Their clothes were worn out and some of them were bleeding with bruises and scrapes.
When questioned about their unusual behavior, one of them told the reporter that they were being punished by their employer for their poor performance at work. One member of staff was stationed at the lake to make sure everyone finished their prescribed number of laps.
The incident took place last Friday, and photographs of the crawling sales staff were soon posted on Weibo, China's largest social media website. Thousands of users spoke out against the inhumane treatment of the poor employees. “How can this company ever get stronger with such kind of policy?” one user questioned. “For starters, the employees wouldn't follow it with their whole hearts.”
“Where's the trade union? Where's the dignity and where's the bottom line?” another asked.
Many found it strange that the employees complied with the management's orders instead of refusing to crawl. “The punishment is total humiliation. But I don't understand these employees. Why crawl just because someone else told you to do so?” a user wrote.
“I think these people can only do what their bosses order them to, because they are afraid of losing their jobs,” another reasoned. “Hope there is a proper solution for them to enjoy some dignity, while not costing them their jobs.”
Ordering employees to crawl on all fours in public is not exactly unheard of in China. Two years ago,the boss of a cosmetics company from Chongqing had his staff crawl in a busy square to test their resistance to pressure.
Source: CCTV
The former general paid rare tributes to the Nobel laureate during his tour of the USA, where he has burnished his reformist credentials by insisting Burma would continue its march towards democracy.
"If the people accept her, I will have to accept her. As I said before, we are now working together," he said, according to translated excerpts of an interview with the BBC.
But he insisted he could not act alone to remove the barriers impeding the democracy champion's route to the presidency, as the country heads towards crucial 2015 elections.
Burma's constitution currently prohibits those with close foreign relatives from holding high office and Ms Suu Kyi, who married a British academic, has two sons living in the West.
"I alone cannot change the constitution. This depends on the wish of the people and also the wishes of the members of parliament," he said.
Open-air urinals are the talk of the town in Sydney, Australia.
It seems Sydney has a public urination problem that costs it roughly $7 million annually to clean up. The outdoor urinals, which afford little privacy and no visible hand-washing option, have been placed around the city in an attempt to get men to stop peeing on the streets.
The urinals are often trotted out in Europe and Canada, but they're still a little shocking to some Australians, according to an AOL News story.
But it begs the questions: How would Seattle do with open-air urinals? Business owners in Pioneer Square have decried the availability of public restrooms lately, saying tourists and homeless people alike don't have many options for relieving themselves in the city's oldest neighborhood.
The city bought self-cleaning toilets to place around the city years ago, but they proved to be a haven for prostitutes, drug dealers and addicts.
These, at least, probably wouldn't have that problem.
Visit seattlepi.com's home page for more Seattle news. Contact Amy Rolph at amyrolph@seattlepi.com or on Twitter as @amyrolph and @bigblog.
The BBC Beijing bureau interviews Zhu Ruifeng, the investigative journalist credited with exposing a Chinese official in the midst of a sex-tape scandal.
Zhu Ruifeng might be forgiven for seeming overtired or stressed - but he is jubilant, his voice full of energy.
"I am very happy when I battle corrupt officials," Mr Zhu told the BBC in a phone interview.
Earlier this month, Mr Zhu released a videotape shot in 2007 of a 57-year-old Communist Party local boss having sex with an 18-year-old girl.
Image caption Mr Lei's sacking has been a popular topic on China's microblogs
Seven days later, the official, Lei Zhengfu, a district-level party secretary from the grimy city of Chongqing, was fired.
"In the past, I was at my happiest when they threatened me and blocked my website," said Mr Zhu.
"Because then I know my reports have attacked their hearts, and my reports are genuine."
Blackmail videos
Mr Zhu has a lot to look forward to. He is preparing to release four more sex tapes, also shot inside hotel rooms, clearly showing Chongqing officials having relations with young girls.
All five videos were recorded as part of a blackmailing scheme by a crooked property developer in Chongqing.
The developer recruited attractive, young women between the ages of 18 and 20, paying them 300 yuan ($48, £30) each time the girls secretly recorded themselves having sex with prominent Chongqing officials.
Maybe our new generation of leaders is really determined to fight corruption - maybe the sky is really changing Zhu Ruifeng, Journalist
If the girls failed to get a clear view of the officials' faces on camera, they would be forced to record more sex acts until the developer had the material he needed to blackmail the city's bigwigs into giving him better deals.
The honeytrap scheme went belly-up when Lei Zhengfu, star of the first sex video, appealed to the Chongqing police for help.
The city's then-police chief, Wang Lijun, came to Mr Lei's rescue, raiding the developer's home and confiscating the videos. The property developer was jailed for a year and the young women were each detained for a month.
This year, Wang Lijun later starred in his own, separate corruption scandal, after offering US diplomats information on the Chongqing murder of British businessman Neil Heywood.
Gu Kailai, the wife of the city's disgraced former party chief, Bo Xilai, was later convicted of that murder. Wang's related misdeeds landed him 15 years in prison.
'Real journalist'
Throughout that time, the developer's secret sex tapes sat in a police vault until early November, when a mystery figure inside the Chongqing police force leaked them to Mr Zhu.
The yet-to-be-released videos all feature prominent Chongqing party bosses, Mr Zhu says.
"My source told me the developers will only target officials who have real power over construction projects. They needed to invest money and time to train these pretty girls."
Image caption Former police chief, Wang Lijun, raided the developer's home
Still, Mr Zhu says he wants to be absolutely sure of the identities of the people in the videos before releasing them.
"If you go ahead and spread things that could be fabricated, asking the public to check whether they are real or not, then you are not a real journalist," he said.
It is possible the Communist Party's own anti-corruption team will beat Mr Zhu to the punch, releasing information about the tapes on their own.
Chongqing's Disciplinary Committee seized the videos a long time ago, Mr Zhu recently learned, but they were reluctant to make waves inside the Communist Party by punishing any of the officials involved.
Now that the first video has been splashed all over the internet, Mr Zhu thinks the committee has no choice but to conduct an open investigation pointed at the four remaining officials.
"Some people think the Party's attempt to deal with its own corruption problems is like beating your right arm with your left arm," Mr Zhu said.
"In our system, anti-corruption measures have to involve the participation of the people. You cannot do it behind closed-doors using illegal procedures."
'Changing' sky
Originally from Henan province, Zhu Ruifeng now lives with his family in Beijing, mostly working alone on his anti-corruption website, Supervision by the People.
Image caption A property developer in Chongqing allegedly organised the sex tape recordings
Starting in 2000, he worked as a print journalist, filing stories for Fang Yuan, a state-run magazine sponsored by the People's Supreme Court.
But in 2006, Mr Zhu struck out on his own, realising he would be more content to publish his own scoops.
Well before the Chongqing sex scandal, Mr Zhu's site registered some big wins. In 2007, he posted articles highlighting problems with the administration of vaccines in China's central Shanxi province.
Slowly, other Chinese media outlets picked up on the story, linking the vaccines to deaths and illnesses in children living in the northern part of the province.
In 2010, the country's Health Ministry released the results of its own investigation, disputing multiple reports that improperly stored vaccinations had resulted in adverse reactions in children.
However, the investigation uncovered some irregularities in the way in which vaccines were labelled in the province, and one Shanxi health official was also caught embezzling 270,000 yuan from the vaccine supplier.
Other Chinese media outlets picked up on the story and six months later, China's Health Ministry confirmed that three children had been made sick by vaccines in Shanxi.
The Chinese government has refused to blame the vaccines for the other children's deaths and illnesses.
Since then, Mr Zhu's site has also exposed corrupt officials in Liaoning and Shanxi provinces, resulting in at least two firings.
In each of those scandals, Mr Zhu received anonymous threats and his website was temporarily blocked.
During this sex tape scandal, though, his site has been left untouched.
Mr Zhu believes that it is a sign that China's new government, led by Xi Jinping, might be different from their predecessors.
"Maybe our new generation of leaders is really determined to fight corruption," he said. "Maybe the sky is really changing."
The most interesting game scheduled for tomorrow, outside of the Stadium, is that between Princeton and Chicago University. These intersectional combats are becoming more and more popular; our own schedule includes three of them this year. Yet there is a notable absence of any game with a team truly representative of the Middle West, which is the nearest rival to New England in number and standard of universities. Penn State, of course, is an eastern college; Centre is more south than west; and Georgia is wholly south. Indiana, though a Middle Western college, does not figure in Big Ten championships, and does not represent a large or thickly-populated section of the country.
Last year there was much talk of a game with Illinois. That university is one of the largest outside of the east; in many ways it is most typical of Middle-Western colleges; moreover, it is eager to meet Harvard on the gridiron and Its football record assures an excellent contest. But Illinois, having a prestige and a certain pride of its own, unite naturally objects to playing Harvard on terms that are satisfactory to smaller colleges; namely, in the Stadium without the possibility of a return game. It has, however, made the concession that the return game may be played at Chicago instead of in Champaign.
Our old bogey. Tradition, is the only obstacle to making definite arrangements for a game at Chicago. Such a contest would be greatly to Harvard's advantage: the University's stock there is at present very low partly because of its attitude which is often taken for aloofness and partly because of the old superstition of Harvard snobbishness. The game at Los Angeles two years ago created just the favorable impression which needs to be stimulated in the Middle West. Let us have Illinois on our schedule next year.
Advertisement
× Charges detail ‘gross neglect' of baby that led to manslaughter charge for Bellingham parents
BELLINGHAM – A Bellingham couple charged with second-degree manslaughter on Wednesday in the death of their infant son couldn't agree on who was in charge of feeding him, leading to gaps that likely contributed to his death as a result of malnutrition and dehydration, charging documents allege.
Cody Shields and Brittany Daniels have been charged with “malnutrition, absence of feeding for a prolonged interval, and gross neglect” in the death of their 3-and-a-half-month-old son Lucian, who weighed 9-pounds, 7-ounces at the time of his death – only 8 ounces more than he weighed at birth.
Charging documents show that a search warrant was served to Facebook for the messages Shields and Daniels exchanged over the course of Lucian's life.
One exchange shows Daniels writing “your sons (sic) not too happy either now.”
Shields responded “his stomach is upset more than likely.”
Daniels: “I can't fix that for him till we got (sic) to the store so he's gonna have to suffer.”
Another set of messages from Daniels, which weren't responded to:
“Do you remember the last time Lucian was fed?”
No response.
“No … okay … thanks.”
The medical examiner reported that Lucian had almost no fat on his body at the time of his death, and that his stomach and small intestine were empty, leading to a ruling that the child had very little to eat for days.
Shields told police he'd fed the boy three times since the night before the boy's death, and Daniels said she'd done so twice.
Shields shared a bedroom in their apartment with Lucian, while Daniels shared a room with her son from a previous marriage.
Prosecutors allege that Shields would often stay up all night playing video games in the living room and sometimes fell asleep there for much of the day while Daniels was at work.
Police said Shields told them he fell asleep around 7 a.m. on Dec. 8, 2015 – the day of Lucian's death – and that Daniels went to work at 9:30 a.m.
Shields said he woke up at 2 p.m., but didn't check on Lucian until 5 p.m., when he found the boy's lifeless body in his bassinette.
Police obtained Lucian's medical records, which show that at 15 days old, the boy weighed 7 pounds, 14 ounces – eight ounces less than his birth rate.
Doctors recommended Lucian be switched to a high-calorie formula and fed every two hours, with a follow-up checkup in a week.
They didn't return for a follow-up.
Lucian was taken to a different doctor just over a month later. The doctors didn't indicate any concerns about the boy's 9-pound weight at that time, but did note that his weight was in the fourth percentile for growth change.
Daniels' mother, Mischelle Porter, told detectives Shields was neglectful and often sat in the living room playing video games while Lucian cried in the bedroom with the door closed.
She also said both parents were often irritated with the child because he cried so much.
On Nov. 9, charging documents show, Daniels messaged Shields saying “we're going to have to drive his cranky ass round the block or something.”
Shields replied: “Yeah, or kill him.”
On Wednesday evening, the night before Montana held a special election to fill the state's lone U.S. House seat, the Republican candidate in the race, Greg Gianforte, body-slammed a reporter, Ben Jacobs, of the Guardian, who was asking him a question about his position on health-care reform. Gianforte was swiftly charged with assault. On Thursday night, he won the election. The uncertainty, after the vote, was whether this sequence of events was unfortunate but explainable (early voting meant that Gianforte might have had an insurmountable lead before the attack) or extraordinary and terrible, in that a political candidate had, unprovoked, attacked a reporter, and his partisans had cheered him and the voters had not blinked. Theories aside, though, the events, and the news coverage of them, pointed to the same phenomenon: early in the Administration of a President with authoritarian tendencies, American public life continues to be consumed by political partisanship that has proved impossible to shake.
The Montana race was, from its beginning, a profoundly strange event, featuring two pretty loopy candidates. Two years ago, Gianforte, a millionaire tech executive, gave a speech, at the Montana Bible College, in which he said that the concept of retirement was “not Biblical” and offered as evidence the assertion that Noah had been six hundred years old when he built the ark. The Democratic candidate, a sixty-nine-year-old bluegrass musician named Rob Quist, worked in the Bernie Sanders tradition, and often eschewed traditional stump speeches in favor of songs, sometimes performed with his daughter. One Republican operative described Quist, to Politico, as “a glorified homeless person.” Quist drew national attention for his candidacy by setting aside the accumulating scandals around Donald Trump and focussing on a deeply felt revulsion toward Republican plans to gut public support for health insurance. This, and the ongoing progressive alarm at the Trump Presidency, helped Quist gather six million dollars in campaign donations. But, as the race neared its conclusion, for all the weirdness of the principals, it seemed to be following a generic path: D versus R, which in Montana meant curtains for the folk singer.
That was before Gianforte attacked Jacobs. In the hours that followed, darker themes emerged. Gianforte's staffers reported that, rather than shunning the candidate, the conservative grass roots seemed to be rallying around him: his campaign pulled in more than a hundred thousand dollars in donations between Wednesday night and Thursday morning. “Gianforte, the manly and studly candidate, threw the hundred-and-twenty-five-pound wet-dishrag reporter from the Guardian to the ground,” Rush Limbaugh said. Duncan Hunter, the conservative congressman from California, said, “It's not appropriate behavior—unless the reporter deserved it.” Even among the Republican leadership, whose views were assembled by the Associated Press, the response was disapproving but wan. Paul Ryan, the House Speaker, said, “I do not think this is acceptable behavior, but the choice will be made by the people of Montana.” Steve Stivers, a congressman from Ohio, who chairs the National Republican Congressional Committee, said, “We all make mistakes.” Luke Messer, a representative from Indiana, volunteered, “I'm not sure whether it will hurt him or help him.”
As the last Montanans were casting their votes, the broader situation was clarifying. In Brussels, Trump hectored the other members of NATO to pay more, as if America's longest-standing allies were tenants in arrears and he is the slumlord, and as if things might be rectified by some stern, pompous letters from a real-estate attorney in Bethpage. The situation “is not fair to the people and taxpayers of the United States,” the President said. One minor scandal this week—that it was minor is merely a reflection of our recent experience with scandals—was the revelation that Trump had shared the secret locations of American nuclear submarines with the President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, who has overseen a campaign of extrajudicial murders. Trump this week also had kind words for the Egyptian dictator Abdel Fattah El-Sisi, the engineer of his own appalling crackdowns. Set aside the questions of collusion and conspiracy that surround the President's relationship with Russia and you still have Trump's bizarre expressions of fondness for Vladimir Putin. None of this has cost Trump any detectable support from his own base. The possibility, becoming likelier these days, is not that American voters will affirmatively turn toward authoritarianism but that political partisanship is the condition under which we lose touch with ourselves.
Such a situation was apparent in Montana this week, at least. “I'm not proud of what happened,” Gianforte told the crowd at his victory rally, on Thursday. “I should not have treated that reporter that way, and for that I'm sorry, Mr. Ben Jacobs.” From the crowd, a woman called out, “And you're forgiven!,” and there was a hearty round of applause. “Please,” Gianforte said. He seemed to very much want to apologize. It wasn't obvious that his audience would let him.
It was my mother who first taught me to be wary of people who spent too much time boasting of their greatness. She would pity their insecurity and wonder what weaknesses they were making such an obvious effort to mask with self-praise.
I am often reminded of her lesson when I hear politicians, especially in an election year, indulging in rhetorical excess about the greatness of America. America is, we are told, the exceptional nation: the greatest democracy, the greatest producer of wealth, the model nation that is envied by the world, a people destined to lead the world. In the language of those on the right, America becomes an idol, infused by the Creator with blessings and qualities so self-evident, that to question this article of faith is akin to heresy.
I wonder why we are so insecure that we need to engage in endless self-praise. And I can't help but wonder what the rest of the world thinks of all this in the face of policies and behaviors that make such a wildly different statement.
Aspects of American history and even our present reality paint a not so pretty picture. We were born with the twin original sins: genocide against the indigenous people whose land we settled and slavery. It took decades to end slavery. And it took decades more to grant equal rights to women; and still many more to abolish the racist legal system that perpetuated discrimination against people of color.
We fought aggressive wars of conquest against native Americans and our neighbor to the south. We are the only country to have used nuclear weapons. And, in recent years, we have shamed ourselves with the moral blindness of our policies across the Middle East.
It is both embarrassing and aggravating that our boasting ignores and/or tries to forget this history. It is also flat out wrong. More importantly, it also misses the point, because America does have a good story to tell. It is the one that Barack Obama would often speak of during the 2008 campaign. It is the story of our labor movement that inspired workers world-wide and fought for and helped pass progressive legislation that improved the quality of life for millions. It is our women's movement that led the way, not only for the right to vote, but for gender equality. It is the story of our civil rights movement, that put an end to de jure segregation; our peace movement, that ended a war; our consumer and environmental movements that have given us cleaner water, purer air, safer food and medicines and legal protections against profiteers. And it is the story of immigrants who came here with nothing but their hopes and dreams, fought hardship and discrimination, built a better life for their children and are today the leaders of an extraordinarily diverse country. It is the efforts of these groups combined that tell the story of the country that is America.
My family, like so many other American families, has lived this story. I recall being asked to deliver one of the speeches nominating Jesse Jackson for President at the 1984 Democratic Convention. As I stood at the podium looking out at the sea of delegates who filled the hall. I thought of my father who had come to America at the age of 25, an illegal immigrant. He spent years in fear of deportation, until he received amnesty in the 1930's. And there I stood 50 years later, the son of an illegal immigrant about to nominate the great-grandson of a slave for President! It was a uniquely American story.
The American story is not one about a country that was born great. It is the story of a country that is struggling to become better. And this is the story that is worth telling. It is one infused with humility, a recognition of our failings and our continuing efforts to correct injustice and make change. This may not be the story-line favored by some politicians, but it is one that can inspire.
It has always been intriguing to me that when we poll Americans and ask why they think people in other countries don't like us, many say "because they envy us" or "because they hate our values of freedom and democracy." However, when we poll in the rest of the world, we find that people, in fact, like our values, but wonder why we don't apply our stated values to our policies.
DAYTONA BEACH, Fla. — official series release — Kevin Epstein/NWES photo —
Forty years after their parents' legendary duel for the 1976 Formula One title, Mathias Lauda and Freddie Hunt will rewrite motorsports history books by not only being teammates, but by sharing the same car in the NASCAR Whelen Euro Series.
Lauda will drive the No. 66 DF1 Racing Chevrolet SS in the Elite 1 Division and Freddie Hunt will take the wheel in the Elite 2 Division, adding further excitement to a season that promises to be breathtaking.
Lauda, the son of Niki Lauda, won the first NASCAR Whelen Euro Series oval race held in wet conditions at Tours Speedway in 2014 and notched a four top fife and nine top 10s in 15 races in his first two NWES season. The Austrian, who is also an Aston Martin factory driver in the World Endurance Championship, will take part in his third Valencia NASCAR Fest.
“I love this championship and I always look forward to drive in NASCAR Whelen Euro Series. Valencia will be like a home race for me, because I live in Spain since many years,” said Mathias Lauda. “It will not be easy though, because I will come straight from a GT car and it will be my first time on the 2016 car, but I am ready for this challenge and I look forward to it. It is going to be a pretty busy season, I will race a lot and always against very strong rivals. I know Freddie since a couple of years, he is a very nice guy and I'll try to help him understand this car quickly, because it is challenging to take to the limit and the level of competition in NWES is extremely high. It is great to have a friend to share the car with.”
Four decades after his father James won the F-1 world championship, Hunt is entering his first NASCAR season with the goal to climb the learning curve as quickly as possible after a very positive first test, and is sure that sharing the car with Lauda will benefit both in the hunt for glory in EuroNASCAR.
“I am really looking forward to joining the NASCAR Whelen Euro Series and to my first race in Valencia,” said the 28-year-old, who will wear a special James Hunt tribute-helmet all season long. “It is really great to share the car with Mathias. Among other things, he has a lot of experience in NASCAR and I think I can learn from him and we can benefit from each other. I am training hard both physically and mentally and having some simulator sessions to prepare for the season. I can't wait to get started.”
April 30, 2010 - L4D Team
This week we introduce a new mutation, reveal poll results, put the game in your hands, have a Boomer sighting, and more!Bleed OutWith constant mobs chasing you, there's no time for standing around. You have no permanent health, only temporary health that is continuously ticking away. You won't find any health packs to restore your health, only pills and adrenaline. This mutation is for Campaign mode.Remember, each week a new mutation will be coming out, so you need to check back every week.Last week's in-game poll asking who your favorite L4D2 character was resulted in an interesting stat. 360 users were clearly Ellis fans with him winning by a wide margin with 43% of the vote. PC users were split with Nick and Ellis coming in a virtual tie with 33%. Reading the forums, Rochelle surged a bit in popularity after people watched her in "The Passing" teaser. Our internal poll tells us we should make more teasers.While last week's poll was interesting, this week's in-game poll actually changes the game. The question? Should we make Realism Versus a permanent game mode? This is by far the most important vote you will cast this year. For 360 owners, you must own "The Passing" to vote in this poll.Want to scare and terrify your friends and family? Then you should look elsewhere. But if you want to hear them say "Ahhhh cute"; over a puke filled, boiled covered creature that speaks when you pull its chord  then we have the plushy for you. The "talking" Boomer plushy is now available at the Valve Store We will be playing the Bleed Out Mutation all weekend using our super secret Valve developer accounts. While our friend lists are already filled to the brim, if you want to play with a Left 4 Dead 2 Dev just play Bleed Out this weekend on the Xbox 360 or PC and look for these user names.L4D2 DEV 1, L4D2 DEV 2, L4D2 DEV 3, L4D2 DEV 4, L4D2 DEV 5You can verify these are valid Steam Names by checking that the name is in the Valve Group.As you may have noticed, we didn't update the blog Thursday night. We decided to release the new blog update to coincide with the new Mutation release. When we tested it internally, it seemed odd to read about the new Mutation when you were unable to play it. So from here on out we will be releasing the new Mutation and blog post at the same time.Check back next week for info on the next mutation; Follow the Liter.
President Donald Trump is removing Anthony Scaramucci as communications director, just 11 days after he was announced for the job.
“Anthony Scaramucci will be leaving his role as White House Communications Director,” said White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders. “Mr. Scaramucci felt it was best to give Chief of Staff John Kelly a clean slate and the ability to build his own team. We wish him all the best.”
Scaramucci was under fire after the New Yorker published an expletive-filled conversation he had with one of its writers, Ryan Lizza.
Sanders told reporters that Trump felt that Scaramucci's comments were “inappropriate.” She said that Trump did not want to “burden” Kelly with a communications director who reported to the president, not the chief of staff.
Scaramucci was not scheduled to officially begin his job until Aug. 15.
According to the New York Times, Scaramucci's removal came at the request of Trump's new chief of staff, John Kelly, who started in his new job on Monday.
There had been speculation about Scaramucci's future ever since Trump replaced chief of staff Reince Priebus with Kelly. Scaramucci had made a point of telling Lizza that he reported directly to Trump, not Priebus, but it was unclear whether that chain of authority would still be in place once Kelly took over.
Related The New Yorker Gets Record Digital Bump From Anthony Scaramucci's Profane Temper Tantrum
“I have no doubt that he will be an absolutely superb chief of staff,” Trump said of Kelly at a cabinet meeting on Monday.
Sanders said that Kelly will have “full authority” in the White House. Asked whether that meant that chief strategist Steve Bannon, his daughter Ivanka, and son-in-law Jared Kushner would report to the new chief of staff, she said, “That includes everyone at the White House.”
Scaramucci, the founder of SkyBridge Capital who has been a commentator on Fox Business, was a loyal Trump confidant during the 2016 campaign, but his selection as communications director just 11 days ago triggered a chain reaction of shakeups at the White House. Trump's press secretary, Sean Spicer, resigned in protest, and Priebus departed last week.
But Scaramucci, who had expected to be a fierce, loyal, and even brash defender of Trump's, ran into trouble last week, after he called Lizza to try to find out about his source of a leak. During the call, Scaramucci trashed Priebus, threatened to fire the entire White House communications staff, and made a vulgar comment about Bannon. Scaramucci also said that he was going to contact the FBI and the Justice Department in regards to what he said was a leak of his financial disclosure form, even though it is a public record.
Since then, Scaramucci has kept a low profile, and canceled a planned appearance at last week's Politicon in Pasadena, Calif.
Sanders said that Scaramucci “does not have a role at this time in the Trump administration,” which appeared to keep open the possibility that he could take some other role.
Trump selected him for the post even though he had no communications experience. In his first appearance before the media, Scaramucci, whose nickname is “The Mooch,” was fiercely loyal to Trump and showed a delivery that many labeled as schmoozy. He even blew an air kiss at the White House press corps. It was far different than that of previous communications directors who kept a much lower profile, and over the next few days Scaramucci made multiple appearances on news shows.
In fact, he turned out to be such a unique character for the position that there was speculation from the start on who would portray him on “Saturday Night Live.” Mario Cantone offered to play the part, and even appeared as Scaramucci in a skit on Comedy Central's “The President Show” on Thursday.
Shortly after Scaramucci's exit, Cantone tweeted, “Yes I did. I knew it. That's why ya don't wait. Ya do it in the now!. Strike now! Hey, There's an old Italian expression…what d'ya gonna do?”
?After dominating toy aisles and coveted Saturday morning commercial time throughout the late '70s and mid-'80s, demand for Kenner's line of Star Wars action figures and vehicles ground to a screeching halt and quickly fell out of favor despite numerous attempts to jumpstart the toyline with new characters and background stories. However, with the coming of the '90s came a Star Wars renaissance of sorts with Kenner leading the charge with an all-new line of toys. But Kenner wasn't the only toy company reigniting the public's nostalgia with the legendary franchise. Galoob — one of the largest toy companies during its '80s/'90s heyday — combined the popularity of its Micro Machines line with the scope, diversity and epic nature of Star Wars, all of it culminating into the memorable (and incomparable) Star Wars Micro Machines Collection!
Highly reminiscent of Kenner's miniature die-cast Star Wars Micro Collection of the past, Galoob churned out a number of vehicles and miniature figurines in multi-packs, meaning that one could build an army or a fleet of battleships and starfighters in a short amount of time. But like the main Micro Machines line, the tiny vehicles were nothing without the playsets and, in standard fashion, Galoob pulled all the stops when it came to special features and details that bordered on the obsessive. There were plenty of playsets out there (enough to recreate an entire planet), but there were some that truly stand out from the rest in regards to creative design, mechanics and pure fun. Check out 10 of the greatest Star Wars Micro Machines playsets!
10) Dagobah Playset
?
“Plastic? Tiny? My playset this is!” Right off the bat, this playset should definitely evoke memories from those that owned the original Dagobah playset from Kenner's The Empire Strikes Back series of toys. While this playset may not have the spongy “muck” of the original, Galoob more than made up for it by retaining Yoda's hut and the Dark Side Cave while adding the Dragonsnake Bog — complete with a dragonsnake that can actually spit out the set's included R2-D2 figurine; not to mention that the lever on the playset let one recreate the scene from the movie when Luke Skywalker raises his submerged X-Wing from the bog's depths. The only issue with this playset is the included Yoda figurine which some genius designer had permanently seated onto a boulder… unless he initially meant to mold a tiny Frank Oz crouching behind the rock operating him. Time constraints, what are you gonna do?
9) Battle of Endor Playset
?
Don't let any preconceived notions based on the Battle of Endor's ultimate outcome breed any disdain towards this playset — it's one of many prime examples of Galoob's penchant for action features. Just like from Return of the Jedi, the push of a button releases the logs to bring down AT-STs and the adjacent trees have logs that actually swing down on strings (and it wasn't a cheap, weak swing either). What's also fun about this playset is that — by approaching it on its own merits divorced from Star Wars — it can easily blend in with any standard Micro Machines playset; you can practically call it “Secret Government Conspiracy at Mt. Rolling-Logs-of-Death.” While all these things are well and good, the inclusion of Boba Fett and Yoda — granted, in his corporeal form — figurines raises an eyebrow. But given George Lucas' tendency to constantly make changes to the original trilogy, we might just see Boba Fett ravage Endor soon enough.
8) Cloud City Playset
?
As the Star Wars Micro Machines toy line started building momentum, Galoob began to get a little more creative in their playset offerings. Eventually they released playsets that doubled as large-scale vehicles and space stations which in essence felt like you were buying two toys in one. Of them, the Cloud City playset managed to capture one of the most fondly remembered moments in The Empire Strikes Back. The top of Cloud City came off like a lid and opened to reveal separate little rooms, all of them from key scenes in the film. The torture chamber, the carbonite chamber, the Ugnaughts' incinerator — it was all here in a smaller scale. But the oddest addition to this playset? The inclusion of a Lando Calrissian figurine molded to look like he's being choked by Chewbacca. So now you can have Chewie cutting off Lando's oxygen anytime, anywhere!
7) Battle of Hoth Playset
?
The trip to Cloud City may have been memorable and made for a good playset, but it's the Battle of Hoth that stood out and became a defining moment for The Empire Strikes Back. Naturally, it's a no-brainer that best part of the film be immortalized in the form of a plastic playset — and it hits all the right marks: Echo Base (with hangar room for vehicles)? Check. A spring-loaded shield generator? Check. A miniature AT-AT? Oh god, check! Add to that that the whole thing came with a near-complete set of the main characters, the Battle of Hoth playset was one of Galoob's strongest entries in the collection. And yes, that's a wayward Stormtrooper that's managed to find his way to the snowy terrain of Hoth (did Galoob's design team even bother to watch the films?).
6) Rebel Transport Playset
?
Like the aforementioned Cloud City playset, the Rebel Transport playset doubled as a vehicle as well. While it wasn't in actual scale with the rest of the miniature vehicles, the fact we had a larger vessel to act as a flagship for our living room floor space armadas was good enough. The Rebel Transport is basically a shell that pops right open to reveal a small war room, cargo hold and rear engine room. The set also featured an unloading ramp and docking bay that could house one vehicle. Included with the set were your standard rank-and-file Echo Base Rebel troopers and General Rieekan, who looks as though he just ran some Just for Men through his once-gray locks; staving off the Empire and mid-life crisis.
5) Star Destroyer Playset
?
For a playset that didn't have much space to work with, the Star Destroyer playset knocked it out of the park. Seriously, this toy is absolutely bursting with features, detail and miniature figurines and vehicles. For starters: the crane! The hapless Tantive IV snapped snuggly into place within the crane's grabber, and the crane itself fully swiveled and was able to move up and down. Another neat feature was the hidden hangar for Darth Vader's TIE fighter. Plus, the addition of the swiveling turrets adorning the sides of the playset were a very nice touch that made the whole thing look more “full,” if you will. And regarding size constraints, the designers pulled off a pretty nice-looking command bridge even if it has been scaled down considerably. Even so, why complain? This is still a remarkable playset certainly deserving the praise.
4) R2-D2 Transforming Playset: Jabba's Palace
?
During the entire run of the Star Wars Micro Machines toy line, there were two Jabbas Palace playsets. One was in a similar vein to the Battle of Endor and Battle of Hoth playsets in that it was flat and included an action feature that was a part of the terrain; in this case it was the Sarlacc Pit Monster and a swiveling worrt (that Muppet-ish frog-thing for you non-Star Wars folk) outside a rather small Jabba's Palace. But the one playset that did absolute justice for the almighty Jabba's pleasure palace was the R2-D2 Transforming Playset. Pushing Jabba's dais forward opened the latch on the trapdoor that sent your figurines plummeting into the rancor pit that included, obviously, a rancor. The neat part about all this was that the rancor actually had its own separate room with a sliding door just like the one from the movie; you could even have the door crush the rancor too, although, regrettably, the set did not come with a miniaturized version of everyone's favorite corpulent and tragic rancor keeper, Malakili. The set's final feature was a “docking bay” to house Jabba's sail barge. Overall, a very nice set that would please the vain Hutt himself.
3) C-3PO Transforming Playset: The Mos Eisley Cantina
?
The aforementioned R2-D2 Transforming Playset was one in a line of playsets shaped to look like the visage of various Star Wars characters. Busting open their craniums, the somewhat grisly gimmick revealed a playset that was either displayed upright or flat on the ground depending on the location. In an ironic fashion, the fussy and well-mannered C-3PO opened up to reveal the drunken and cutthroat vice den he wasn't even allowed to enter: the Mos Eisley Cantina. Like the Dagobah playset, the C-3PO Transforming Playset is reminiscent of a Kenner Star Wars playset that preceded it. In this case it's the Creature Cantina Action Playset from the '70s, since both have a swinging door action mechanism and another that knocks Greedo to the floor. But unlike the original playset, this iteration of the Cantina included Docking Bay 94 with the Millennium Falcon… which can be conveniently accessed via a staircase that connects both establishments together (Galoob's disregard for established continuity strikes again!).
2) Millennium Falcon Playset
At the time of its release, the Millennium Falcon playset was the largest set available, and also one of the hottest toys during the holiday season of that year. Opening on hinges, one half of the Millennium Falcon consisted of the ship's interior as seen in A New Hope and The Empire Strikes Back, albeit exponentially expanded. Regardless, the set had plenty of neat features, like the Dejarik holochess table (sans holomonsters), secret compartments in the floor to hide figurines, a rotating cannon that shot missiles, and — perhaps the best of all — an oversized mynock figurine to wreak havoc with the ship's power cables and such. The other half of the set consisted of a rotating hangar bay that held three ships, and also sported a functioning crane to grab them. While the Millennium Falcon from the films didn't have the adequate space to house Luke's X-Wing, my best guess is that Galoob was offering two playsets in one: the interior of the Millennium Falcon and a generic Rebel Alliance base of some kind.
5 Scams That Marked the Internet
The Internet is fertile ground for all sorts of scams. Which are the biggest (and funniest) ones though? We have collected 5 that made it pretty big on the Web, check it out.
1. Lonelygirl15
The lonelygirl15 videos were a series of YouTube clips, chronicling the everyday worries of a regular fifteen year old girl and her phenomenally advanced video and editing skills. As the series progressed sinister overtones of cult behavior crept in. Despite being slightly more obviously fake than a video of Bigfoot at Roswell, debate about the veracity of the videos raged for weeks and many were upset when the hoax was revealed. Yes, people publicly announced “I am upset that I was not voyeuristically enjoying the slide of a real underage girl into terror and abuse without doing anything about it.”
The LA Times eventually “exposed” the hoax, and we're sure that when the previously unheard of film-making “conspirators” were outed there, and in The Times, and The New York Times, The Wall Street Journal and PBS they were absolutely horrified. “Man,” they must have said to all the reporters and newscasters who would previously never have looked twice at them, “You really got us there. We didn't expect this kind of exposure of our hoax at all.”
“We didn't think it would work half this well.”
2. EVE banker
For those of you who still know what other people and the daystar look like, EVE Online is a massively immersive space-based MMORPG. And we mean immersive like an ocean of quicksand being played on fast forward – it is literally a single entire galaxy, and while other worlds have characters and weapon systems this one has an entire economy. You can actually succeed in the game simply by trading commodities, and the games currency of ISK (Interstellar Kredit) has a real, if not entirely legal, conversion to real money. In fact EVE ISK (0.40 USD per 1M ISK, video games tend to deal in big units) is probably a better investment and more widely used than the actual currency of Iceland Kroner (0.01 USD = 1 ISK). The EVE player population also rivals that of Iceland (about 300,000), and CCP games (the makers) are headquartered in Iceland. Not that we're suggesting any Reykjavikians should be worried about being replaced by a fanatical army trained by CCP to obey their every command.
People have set up entire businesses in the virtual space of EVE, inverting the whole function of a video game by essentially working two jobs (the first paying the monthly subscription fee for the second), with the average EVE player logging in 2.5 hours a day. In 2006 a player called Cally (real name Dentara Rast) set up the “EVE Investment Bank”, and in yet another example of the amazing unrealistic things that can happen in video games, people entrusted their money to a man named “Cally”.
Over time the bank expanded and eventually had over 700 Billion ISK (over one hundred thousand real, honest to god “You can buy food or sex with these” dollars) in the account. Then, in a corporate crime that real-life CEOs can only dream of (and I'm sure often do), Cally just took all the money and ran. Specifically, he ran and bought an Ultimega-death clas hyper cruiser, put a million ISK bounty on his own head and cruised off into deep space simply daring anyone to try and kill him. See this? THIS is why people play video games so much – in real life white collar crime is fudged numbers and emigration to tax havens, in EVE we've got a bank manager who deals with service complaints with a fusion cannon.
3. Bad Company Downloadable Content
The conundrum of downloadable content has really revealed the true spirit of developers. Awesome companies like Valve release free content, because they understand this whole “internet” thing, with its digital distribution and the value behind a beloved brand. Non-awesome companies like EA charge for it, while others like Microsoft hover in the middle with “pay now or free later strategies”. Contrary to what half the population of the Internet would have you believe, though, you can't actually hate someone because they don't give away their work for free. Luckily, EA has made it A-OK to hate them again by charging for “non-downloadable content”, otherwise known as “Things you already bought from them.”
For years EA has been working on that whole troublesome “Actually having to produce something in order to earn money” thing, reducing the content of yearly titles with each iteration, and with Bad Company they've finally achieved it. What you do, right, is you pay for a Battlefield: Bad Company disc. Or you can pay extra for a version which unlock some of the weapons. Weapons that are, in fact, already on both discs. Yes, EA have achieved the Zen Nirvana of Marketing Bastardry by working out how to sell you the same thing twice and charge each time.
This news was about as well received as a plague rat in an operating theatre, but the fact is that Electronics Arts offices worldwide remain un-burned down proves that Internet critics are very, very vocal online and very, very useless in terms of actually doing things. A boycott movement has already started and we can only hope that once, just once, Internet apathy doesn't bother to ruin it. Because once they find they can get away with this EA will absolutely grind this practice into the ground long after there's any remaining point, motivation or sanity. These are the guys who turned the popular Madden game franchise into a yearly sixty-dollar player name update, and that at least started good.
4. Gizmondo
You might recall that we talked about the Gizmondo a couple of weeks ago in our “The 5 Worst Reassurances” article (in which case thanks, regular reader, and might we say how particularly discerning and intelligent you're looking today?). This is because the Gizmondo turns up in every single negative-adjective technology list on the entire Internet. It's widely viewed as the greatest electronics disaster since somebody first thought “I'd love to make some toast while in the bath”. Which is unfair, because it was really a huge success.
Specifically, it was a huge success in its intended function of “Provide Stefan Eriksson, Johan Enander and friends with a twenty-four month fast-car-and-hookers party.” The business history of Tiger Telematics (the makers of Gizmondo) makes Grand Theft Auto look like Barney Teaches Spelling. The “managing executives” of the company had over twenty-four years of jail time between them for frauds and physical violence, they bought an entire London “modeling” agency, have wrecked over a million dollars worth of sports cars and had the entire-extended-family-of-all launch parties featuring Dannii Minogue, Sting and Busta Rhymes (among others). All this spending was supported by the sales of shares, presumably to people who signed the cheques in crayon, because when a company is paying for parties with shares then that is not a company that plans to be around for long.
For 2005 the company effectively lost over a million dollars a day. You could light a hundred dollars on fire once a minute, every minute without eating or sleeping and still not achieve that level of loss – and I assure you that these guys found WAY funner things to do with the cash than that. It was a real life Brewster's Millions. In what amazingly hasn't turned out to be an April Fool's joke, one of the original crew is now attempting to raise investment capital to relaunch the company (translation – there are a few types of champagne he hasn't tried yet). Which just proves that there are people desperate to make money out of “those computer-game things” despite not even knowing how to Google somebody.
5. Scamming the Scammers
Every time I get a 419 spam my faith in humanity goes down a notch (it's currently hovering just above the Earth's core), because the fact that they keep coming shows that somewhere, somehow, they're still working. I'm all in favor of the terminally foolish being parted with cash they shouldn't have, but I'm an even bigger fan of poetic justice – which is why the work of 419eater is so entertaining. E-mailing scamming might be the biggest online fraud of our time but that doesn't mean that there aren't idiots on both sides, as shown in this wonderful piece where the scammers become the scammees. And not just for credit cards, or social security, oh no.
They get to hand copy an entire Harry Potter novel. And they scan the pages to prove it.
Go, really, you have to see these – and then every time your inbox gets clogged with another “UIRG3NT LOTTTTERY TIKKIT!!#” mail, you can picture a scammer hunched over his notepad and
Nick Diaz may be 0-2 in his last two trips to the Octagon (and 1-2 since he returned to the UFC), but that isn't stopping him from declaring that the only way he'll come back is if he's in a title fight.
It's coming up on a year since Diaz's most recent "retirement," the first one that seems like it might actually stick. Fox Sports has quotes from the former welterweight title challenger:
"I don't care, I'm talking about a title fight matchup," he said. "Bottom line, I'm the only draw here. Bottom line. We had like the third biggest [pay-per-view]. That wasn't just because of Georges St-Pierre. And these guys aren't doing that. People want to pay to see me fight, they want to see someone get knocked out or someone gets tapped out, or they want to see me get my ass whooped like they've been waiting to see but they still don't get to see." ... "I've been fighting for 11 years. I already did all those [contender] fights. I don't have to take a warmup fight. Why would I take a warmup fight? To help somebody out? To bring them to my level? I've already been through all that and you still didn't see me take an ass whipping."
UFC president Dana White answered questions from reportersabout the situation after UFC 170, and he didn't make it sound like a Diaz title shot was likely:
Qissa-e Parsi highlights the contributions of the community to the society
In 2010, Divya Cowasji and Shilpi Gulati, then students at the Tata Institute of Social Sciences (TISS), Mumbai, conceived two ideas that sprouted from the same seed. Both wanted to do something to bring attention to their often-neglected communities — Parsis
and Derawals.
Advertising
During their Masters in cultural studies in media, Cowasji and Gulati decided to work together, and turn their respective dissertation topics into documentary films. The first one, Der Tun Dilli, released in 2013, revolves around narratives and oral histories of Dera Ismail Khan in Pakistan where the Derawals hail from. The second film, whose trailer is being shared widely on social media, is Qissa-e Parsi: The Parsi Story, which will premiere at the Open Frame Film Festival at India International Centre, Delhi, on August 30.
Qissa-e Parsi focuses on the community from their arrival in India to understanding the relationship they shared with the British and the city of Mumbai. “While the community is troubled about inter-faith marriages, we took an overarching theme, and focus on the good the Parsis have done for society and country,” says Cowasji.
It helped that Public Service Broadcasting Trust (PSBT), the co-producers, were looking for a similar film to showcase to a foreign audience. “We wanted a film that celebrates the diversity of India. This worked, because it is about a small community that has come from a different background and not only thrived in India, but has also managed to retain their cultural identity,” says Rajiv Merhotra, Managing Trustee and Commissioning Editor, PSBT.
For their next project, filmmakers Divya Cowasji and Shilpi Gulati want to focus on Parsi women
The film, for the most part, adopts a traditional style of documentary filmmaking. It encapsulates the history of the community, interspersed with interviews, images and texts. It shows their eccentricities, love for good food, philanthropy, and sharp business acumen.
Considering the constraints of a State-commissioned film, the filmmakers were careful of not making it information-heavy and dry. “We decided to make the narrative more evocative and experiential, allowing the audience to get to know the Parsis almost through a first-hand experience,” says Delhi-based Gulati. It comes across in the film's moody photography that intimately captures the domestic interiors of Parsi homes, colonies, and famous Irani cafes. We also see visuals of sacred religious spaces normally kept guarded from people outside the community.
Advertising
In its limited scope, the film does address the inter-faith marriage issue, but the filmmakers see this documentary as a starting point to explore more complex subjects in their future projects about Parsis. Parsi theatre is one of them. They are especially keen on the idea of women in the community, the subjugation of their rights in what Cowasji deems a patriarchal society. Besides raising critical questions, the filmmakers intend to offer perspectives like how the inclusion of excommunicated Parsi women can solve the community's most current crisis: its dwindling numbers that presently stand at around 75,000.
sankhayan.ghosh@expressindia.com
A large group of researchers from Canada has developed a new tuberculosis vaccine based on a genetically modified cold virus.
“We are the first to have developed such a vaccine for tuberculosis,” said Prof Fiona Smaill from McMaster University in Hamilton, Canada, who is a lead author of a paper published in the journal Science Translational Medicine.
“Tuberculosis is a serious public health threat. One-third of world's population is infected with the organism that causes tuberculosis, and it remains the top infectious killer of people only secondary to HIV; yet, the current vaccine used to prevent it is ineffective.”
The new vaccine, based on a recombinant human type 5 adenoviruses, was developed to act as a booster to Bacille Calmette Guerin (BCG).
BCG, currently the only tuberculosis vaccine available, was developed in the 1920s and has been used worldwide. The new vaccine would reactivate immune elements that over time diminish following BCG vaccination.
The new vaccine has been more than a decade in the making. The researchers began the first human clinical trial in 2009 with 24 healthy human volunteers, including 12 who were previously BCG-immunized.
“The primary goal was to look at the safety of a single dose vaccine injection, as well as its potency to engage the immune system,” said senior author Prof Zhou Xing from the McMaster Immunology Research Center.
By 2012 the team established that the vaccine was safe and observed a robust immune response in most trial participants.
“More clinical trials are needed to measure the vaccine's real potential,” Prof Xing said.
“As a doctor who looks after patients who have tuberculosis, including those who are HIV infected, I realize how important it is going to be to control this infection with a good vaccine,” Prof Smaill added.
______
Bibliographic information: Smaill F. et al. 2013. A Human Type 5 Adenovirus–Based Tuberculosis Vaccine Induces Robust T Cell Responses in Humans Despite Preexisting Anti-Adenovirus Immunity. Sci. Transl. Med. 5, 205ra134; doi: 10.1126/scitranslmed.3006843
The Afghan War's First Three Phases
The Fourth Phase of the Afghan War
Deny al Qaeda a base in Afghanistan. Create an exit strategy from Afghanistan similar to the one in Iraq by creating the conditions for negotiating with the Taliban; make denying al Qaeda a base a condition for the resulting ruling coalition. Begin withdrawal by 2011.
Increase the number and aggressiveness of U.S. forces in Afghanistan. Create Afghan security forces under the current government to take over from the Americans. Increase pressure on the Taliban by driving a wedge between them and the population and creating intra-insurgent rifts via effective counterinsurgency tactics.
The Real U.S. Strategy
(Newser) – This is not the February that the Clinton campaign was expecting. After Hillary Clinton's overwhelming loss to Bernie Sanders in the New Hampshire primary and just before the Nevada Democratic caucus, she has fallen behind in a national poll for the first time. According to the latest Fox News poll, Sanders has gained 10 points and is now leading Clinton 47% to 44% among Democratic primary voters nationwide. The poll found that while either Democrat would defeat GOP front-runner Donald Trump in a general election, Sanders would cruise to victory with 53% to Trump's 38%, while Clinton would have a much narrower margin of victory at 47% to 42%.
"One thing that is clear from our poll—and others—is that Clinton has been losing support and Sanders has been gaining," pollster Chris Anderson says. "And this process appears to have accelerated since the contests in Iowa and New Hampshire." In CNN's "Poll of Polls," Clinton is still ahead, with 48% to Sanders' 42%, which is down from the 17-point lead she enjoyed before the Iowa caucus. But in South Carolina, which holds its Democratic primary on Feb. 27, Clinton is still way ahead with 56% support to 32% for Sanders, which analysts say reflects the strength of her "firewall" of minority voters. (For the first time in months, Trump has also fallen behind in a national poll.)
Operation Ocean Shield was NATO's contribution to Operation Enduring Freedom – Horn of Africa (OEF-HOA), an anti-piracy initiative in the Indian Ocean, Guardafui Channel, Gulf of Aden and Arabian Sea. It follows the earlier Operation Allied Protector. Naval operations began on 17 August 2009 after being approved by the North Atlantic Council, the program was terminated on 15 December 2016 by NATO.[4] Operation Ocean Shield focused on protecting the ships of Operation Allied Provider, which transported relief supplies as part of the World Food Programme's mission in the region. The initiative also helped strengthen the navies and coast guards of regional states to assist in countering pirate attacks. Additionally, China and South Korea sent warships to participate in these activities.
The US Navy was the largest contributor of ships, followed by the Indian Navy.[5][6] The taskforce was composed of ships from the contributing navies, led by a designated leadship. The role of leadship was rotated among the various countries involved. In October 2015 this was the Turkish frigate TCG Gediz.[7]
Allies and other organizations [ edit ]
"Pirate attacks off the vast coastline of Somalia declined from 236 in 2011 to two reportedly unsuccessful attacks in 2014, thanks to international counter-piracy cooperation efforts as well as armed guards now stationed on most large ships that traverse the region's waters. NATO has indicated that while it will be ending its mission in the Indian Ocean, the organization "will remain engaged in the fight against piracy by maintaining maritime situational awareness and continuing close links with other international organization's counter-piracy actors." [8] NATO has been supporting international efforts to combat piracy in the Indian Ocean, as well as in the Gulf of Aden and off the Horn of Africa since 2008, at the request of the United Nations. It had been working alongside other missions including the European's Union's Operation Atalanta, the US-led Combined Task Force 151 and other individual countries such as China, Japan, and South Korea."[8]
NATO's success in the area was due in part to the cooperation of other foreign states with interests in the reason. A lot of these informal connections took place at SHADE (Shared Awareness and Deconfliction) meetings. These meetings allowed for shared tactics among a large of international entities, including China, Japan, Russia, India and South Korea but is definitely not limited to them. With NATO promoting co-operation amongst these foreign entities, Operation Ocean Shield could effectively protect the area. They also developed this innovative electronic network called Mercury which shared anti-piracy tactics with other task forces and operations. Since this was an informal system, it wasn't weighed down with bureaucracy and could be spread amongst other coalitions and governmental organizations and could effectively help anyone that needed precise information in the area.[9]
Anti-piracy operations [ edit ]
On 10 January 2010, Admiral Pereira da Cunha, of the Portuguese Navy held a meeting regarding piracy with the Puntland coast guard. It was held aboard the frigate NRP Álvares Cabral near Bosaso, Somalia and focused on human intelligence gathering, capacity building and counter piracy cooperation between NATO and Puntland authorities.[6]
Pirates attacked the Panamanian flagged merchantman MV Almezaan on 25 March. One pirate was killed by Almezaan's crew during the boarding and shortly afterwards the Spanish Navy frigate Navarra arrived and launched a helicopter. Warning shots were then fired and the pirates surrendered without further conflict. Six pirates were taken prisoner for a short time before being released in two skiffs and the mother ship was sunk by gunfire.[10]
The small Seychelles Coast Guard patrol boat Topaz engaged in another battle with pirates five days later on 30 March. While patrolling just off the coast of Somalia, Topaz encountered a captured dhow. After warning shots were fired, the dhow seemed to ignore the patrol boat and its occupants eventually opened up with rocket-propelled grenades and small arms fire. The Seychellois then engaged and after shooting off 10,000 rounds of machine gun fire, the dhow was burning and eventually sank. Twenty-seven members of the dhow's crew were rescued and the Topaz was returning to base when she was attacked by a trawler and two skiffs. Again the Seychellois responded with counter battery and the trawler exploded. One of the skiffs was sunk as well. Pirate casualties are unknown and one member of the dhow's crew was wounded.[11]
USS Nicholas was attacked by a skiff on 1 April, while in the waters between the Seychelles and Kenya. The Americans returned fire briefly and three pirates surrendered. Nicholas then pursued a mother ship vessel for a while, a boarding team was put on the ship and it was captured. A little later that day, USS Farragut was also operating in the area and she captured thirteen more pirates. This was following the attempted seizure of the Sierra Leone flagged tanker MV Evita. The crew of the tanker defended their ship with flares and outmaneuvered the pirates.[12]
Operation Dawn of the Gulf of Aden was launched by Republic of Korea Navy Special Warfare Brigade commandos with support from Oman and the United States in January 2011. Following the capture of the Norwegian owned chemical tanker MV Samho Jewelry on 15 January off Muscat with its crew of twenty-one, a failed boarding action was carried out on 18 January which resulted in the wounding of three commandos. A second attempt on 21 January succeeded in freeing the ship and the captives while eight pirates were killed altogether.[13]
A failed rescue operation was carried out by the Danish frigate HDMS Esbern Snare and a Seychellois Coast Guard patrol boat on 26 January. MV Beluga Nomination was taken over four days before and the attackers cut into the freighter's citadel with a blow torch to get at the crew. The Seychelles patrol boat and Esbern Snare were dispatched and when they found the pirates and engagement began. Boarding teams from the patrol boat were repulsed but the Seychellois were able to kill one or two of the pirates. Two of Beluga Nomination's crew managed to escape in a lifeboat and were rescued by the Danish though four others were killed either by drowning or the pirates. Ultimately the operation was aborted and the pirates sailed away with the tanker and seven remaining hostages.[14]
The Quest incident occurred in February 2011. In the first attack on an American private ship since the Maersk Alabama hijacking in 2009, the yacht SV Quest was taken over by nineteen pirates on 4 February. The United States Navy responded by dispatching the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise, the guided missile cruiser USS Leyte Gulf and the guided missile destroyers USS Bulkeley and USS Sterett to release the four captives. The ships found Quest on or about 21 January off the coast of Oman and negotiations to free the hostages began. However, on the following day, the pirates opened fire on USS Sterret with rocket propelled grenades and shortly thereafter small arms fire was heard. The American commander then ordered a team to board the yacht and after doing so, all four of the prisoners were found to have been killed by the pirates. Fifteen pirates were taken into custody and two of them were killed in the boarding action. The bodies of two other pirates were also found but American officials have no explanation for the cause of their deaths.[15]
On 5 May 2011, as part of Operation Ocean Shield, the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson, the guided-missile cruiser USS Bunker Hill, and the Turkish frigate TCG Giresun responded to a distress call from the Panamanian-flagged, Chinese-owned bulk carrier MV Full City. An Indian Navy Tu-142 maritime patrol aircraft located Full City, and while TCG Giresun boarded the merchant vessel, USS Bunker Hill and its embarked helicopters intercepted a dhow believed to be the "mothership" for the pirate attack. Bunker Hill's VBSS boarding party seized weapons and other equipment commonly used in piracy, and the boarding party also sank a small skiff being towed by the dhow. Giresun's boarding party found Full City's Chinese crew safe and in control of their ship.[16][17][18]
Piracy during the operation [ edit ]
NATO's vehicles have a specific mandate to provide protection and deterrence of piracy in its territorial waters. All members of NATO help make the operation a success via funding or through ships. NATO Allies provide ships and maritime patrol aircraft to NATO Standing Maritime Groups, which in turn assigns a number of ships, on a rotational basis, to Ocean Shield.[19] "In January 2013, there were no attacks, approaches or disruptions in the area. In comparison, in January 2012, there were four pirate attacks in which all were unsuccessful. Additionally, out of 80 suspected pirates captured by counter piracy forces, 59 were captured by NATO ships. In January 2011, there were 29 attacks and six ships were captured."[19] Arguably the operation has succeeded in decreasing piracy in the region while the task force was in power.
Conclusion of Operation Ocean Shield [ edit ]
The conclusion of Operation Ocean Shield occurred on 16 December 2016. The final operation was led by Danish pilots in an attempt to map the Somali coastline and the gulf of Aden. The Danes' task was to map the inlets, camps and large cities of the coast for an intelligence report. "The detachment covered 1.800 km of coastline in which intelligence specialists reviewed and disseminated photographs and video files to produce the intelligence picture."[20]
NATO is reallocating resources to the Mediterranean to deal with the immigrant crisis and human smuggling but believes that the efforts put into the gulf of Aden will help stem the tide of returning piracy or prevent it altogether.[9] As with the change in the political environment and world new problems have arisen where NATO has had to allocate resources. Therefore, it justifies the funding of the Mediterranean operation.[9]
Business sector regrowth [ edit ]
Through the use of the NATO shipping centre and the private sector, the Ocean Shield task force could effectively reduce the response time of counterattacks and warning businesses about potential threats in their shipping lanes. Through this coordination the shipping industry didn't need to slow down as much by taking in direct routes through other less safe international waters.
Piracy attacks since the ending of Operation Ocean Shield [ edit ]
Piracy attacks have occurred since Operation Ocean Shield has ended. Gunmen hijacked the Aris 13, a small oil tanker, on 13 March 2017 and have demanded a ransom for the crew. Industrial shipping companies are trying to figure out if piracy is back in the region or this is going to be a rare occurrence,[21] as this was the first case of Somali piracy in a good half decade and of the new year. More and more attempts of cargo theft via piracy occurred in 2017.[22]
Vessels deployed [ edit ]
[5][23][24]
In addition to the frigate HNoMS Fridtjof Nansen (F310), Norway has previously had a Lockheed P-3 Orion involved in the operation.
See also [ edit ]
IDEAS Irvine Welsh is a Scottish novelist, playwright, and short story writer. He is the author of the novel "Trainspotting," which was made into the film of the same name.
Whatever happens with the Scottish independence vote, the result will be a crushing defeat for the status quo and the UK political establishment. If there's a YES vote, then the compelling narrative is one of a small country smashing through vested interests, and bursting into nationhood. A NO vote, on the other hand—once the relief of the last-ditch saving of the union is processed—and the story becomes about the emergence of a people's democratic movement for change.
Through the discussions over the referendum debate, those in favor of independence have gone from 30% to 45-55%; momentum is only heading in one direction. This entire process has been a disaster for the major UK-based parties and the antagonistic mainstream London media (including the publicly-funded BBC, which came over like Pravda). They all lost massive credibility north of the border by seeing the debate as one about narrow nationalism, rather than the extension of democracy it had long evolved into.
The YES campaign, with grass-roots support and fueled by social media, have convincingly won the arguments against their NO counterparts, led (or misled), by all the establishment parties. It has been a stunning victory for the people against the elites and the out-of-touch political class. The NO campaign were forced to rely almost solely on fear tactics as the benefits and connection of the union to Scotland are either historical (industry, empire, and the esprit de corps engendered by two world wars) or currently being dismantled by the major parties, the welfare state and the NHS only being protected in Scotland due to the devolved parliament. There are not many NO votes in saying you want to use the Scottish oil revenues to fund more privatization projects to sell off state assets to the rich, or to build London as a metropolitan super state for those transnational elites.
The vote could go either way. While there is still residual loyalty to Britain, particularly amongst older Scots, many NO voters want the British state reformed, with more powers heading north. David Cameron made a terrible error in leaving the so-called “devo max”—also known as maximum devolution—option off the ballot paper, forcing voters to choose between YES and NO. Rather than the predicted rout for NO, many stampeded towards the YES camp, turning the referendum into a neck-and-neck race.
A YES vote would, for the UK, mean the loss of resources from a country that is rich in them and light on population (only 10% of UK total). For Scotland, it would seem to present massive opportunities. Arguably, however, a NO vote means an even bigger potential headache for the London political establishment. They would have to look at decentralizing more power to Scotland or have the same rerun of the independence debate in every subsequent UK election. In such a scenario they would no longer face just Alex Salmond, and his bourgeois civic nationalist party of the centre-left, but a vibrant, broad-based movement for democracy. In 1979, barely a third of Scots could be bothered to vote for an Edinburgh parliament with limited devolved powers. Now around half, and probably rising, are pro independence.
The problem with any offer of “devo max” is that without substantial powers it will be unlikely to appease the Scots. But then people in areas of England, where the unitary, centralized, status quo is perceived as working fine, may not put up with this situation. This is particularly the case in the prosperous South East, where 25 million people will feel they shouldn't have to accommodate 5 million, and will correctly be inclined to say “go.” It would be like having a busted toilet that doesn't flush, with the chain being pulled at every general, local, and European election: distracting, messy, and ultimately soul-destroying.
It's hard to see the Conservatives offering more powers to the Scots, as they have no support there—the bulk of their votes being in the South of England. Equally, a focus-group and polls-driven Labour Party, their eyes constantly on middle England, are unlikely to offer up much, or stand on the genuinely radical, modernizing, democratic agenda the post-devolution generation of Scots crave. The notion of federalism for the UK, flouted as the panacea by the Liberals and some on the left, is a fantasy fuelled by the same top-down establishment thinking that has led to the current situation. Imposing an unwanted parliament on a region like East Anglia, where there has been no movement for devolution, is as fundamentally undemocratic as denying an Edinburgh one its full range of powers.
At least with a YES vote, the issue of Scotland is left up to the Scots. They can get on with building the sort of social democratic society they crave, based on a citizen's charter, rather than entrenched hierarchy and elitism. The rest of UK, or it's constituent parts, can then get on with deciding on the best system of government that suits them, instead of having to pander to a minority who have a different agenda.
Whether the result is YES or NO, it's that turbulent, quarrelsome, compassionate minority, the Scots themselves, who have—quite astonishingly—won the day. At 97% voter registration, unprecedented in the Western World, they have shown that a G7 power state, mired in a neo-liberal model of globalization, can be challenged, even broken up, and a vibrant, non-militaristic democracy established. This amazing country has, to its own great surprise, lit a torch of freedom that will burn across the world.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
“Multiple lines of independent evidence confirm that human activities are the primary cause of the global warming of the past 50 years.” — From the overview of the National Climate Assessment
The U.S. Global Change Research Program released its third National Climate Assessment today. This report is a huge and staggeringly comprehensive overview of climate change and its effects on the United States.
Fire photo by peasap; Earth photo by NASA; composite by Phil Plait.
The NCA is different from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reports; the NCA is focused on the United States, while the IPCC work is global. Three hundred expert climate scientists contributed to the NCA report, and it was extensively reviewed before being released. Reviewers included people from federal agencies as well as members of the very prestigious National Academies of Science.
In other words, this report is legit.
A Grim Litany
The amount of information is actually a bit overwhelming, and I'm glad they broke it down into a series of sections. You can find out how the climate is changing; the effects of climate change on extreme weather, human health, water supply, the oceans; and the impact we already see.
It's also very clear that climate change is being caused by humans. They go through how we know this, including showing that natural factors cannot account for the warming and effects we are seeing. They show this in an excellent graph:
Natural factors play their part, but human influence trumps all.
Photo from the U. S. Global Change Research Program
The black line shows the global temperature change, clearly going up over the past few decades (if they showed it from even farther in the past, the rise would be even steeper). The green region shows what that expected temperature would be if only natural forces were at work. The purple region is what you expect from both natural and human factors. Clearly, without human influence the temperatures would be far lower, which means the problem is us. We're doing this to ourselves.
Again, the report concentrates on what's going on here in the United States:
U.S. average temperature has increased by 1.3°F to 1.9°F since 1895, and most of this increase has occurred since 1970. The most recent decade was the nation's and the world's hottest on record, and 2012 was the hottest year on record in the continental United States. … Temperatures are projected to rise another 2°F to 4°F in most areas of the United States over the next few decades.
This temperature change has profound and far-reaching impacts on essentially every aspect of human life and activity:
Sectors affected by climate changes include agriculture, water, human health, energy, transportation, forests, and ecosystems. … The United States produces nearly $330 billion per year in agricultural commodities. This productivity is vulnerable to direct impacts on crops and livestock from changing climate conditions and extreme weather events and indirect impacts through increasing pressures from pests and pathogens. Climate change will also alter the stability of food supplies and create new food security challenges for the United States as the world seeks to feed nine billion people by 2050.
A lot of what the report covers is familiar, if grim, to people who haven't had their fingers in their ears for the past few years; ocean levels are rising, the water in those oceans is becoming more acidic, weather patterns are changing, we can expect more torrential rains in some locations and drought in others, and on and on.
Climate Change Is Hitting Where You Live.
The report is incredibly thorough, going through each line of reasoning, each thread of evidence, step by step. But I would say that the part of this report that is of most individual interest—that is, what you personally will want to check out—is the section on regional impact of climate change. Here, you can see how global warming will impact where you live.
I live in Boulder, Colorado, so I went to the section on the Southwest. I already had a pretty good idea about what I would find. Sure enough, the list was a dire roll call, including lower snowfall and streamflow, reduced yield of crops, and increased wildfires.
I can look out my window and see the first part. Even since I moved to Colorado just under a decade ago the reduced snowcaps on the Rockies is obvious. I don't want to rely on anecdotes, but when I visited Boulder in the 1990s in June, the tops of the mountains had so much snow it actually confused me (being from the East Coast); I couldn't believe there was snow in midsummer! Now, though, even by midspring the amount there is visibly lower. My experience and observations match what the report shows.
Wildfires, like temperatures, vary year to year, and it can be hard to spot a trend. But shifting rain, less snow, and warmer temperatures all add up to the obvious. Here's something you may not have known: increased temperatures have affected insects living in the forests on mountains. Many insects have their life cycles tied to the seasons; hatching, eating, breeding, and dying all in a few months. Now, however, with warmer temperatures lasting longer, some insects go through two complete cycles of this in one summer. Many of these insects are pests, eating bark and killing trees. A larger area of dead trees means that much more kindling for wildfires. Again, this is obvious to anyone who has driven through western Colorado.
A normally sedate Boulder Creek became a torrent during the devastating flood of 2013.
Photo by Phil Plait
Ironically, this can all lead to catastrophic flooding as well. Insect damage and wildfires remove trees and plants that help the soil's ability absorb water. If there's a heavy rain—and as the report indicates, climate change can mean longer periods of no rain punctuated with very heavy storms—that water runs right down the hills instead of getting absorbed. Last year, I spent an extremely long and scary night frantically bailing a lot of water out of my basement, wondering if Boulder was about to be washed away by a catastrophic flood. I do not wish to go through that again.
The individual effects of climate change can be layered, even subtle, but they add up.
The Impact of Impact
As for the impact of this report, well, we'll see. I know there is a section of the population that will deny global warming exists right up until the point when coastal cities are underwater. Unfortunately, many of these people are in Congress, and control what we can and cannot do. I know this report will have little influence on them; they have made their firm denial of reality clear. Not only that, but the usual suspects have already been up to their usual shenanigans about the report.
What concerns me greatly is the upcoming election in November. Many people are predicting the Republicans—who overwhelmingly deny climate change even exists; it's become something of a party plank on the right—may take control of the Senate. If that happens, then you can bet your life's savings nothing will happen about climate change for at least the next two years.
And we cannot afford to wait even that long.
As the IPCC and NCA reports show, climate change is the single biggest challenge facing us not just as a country, but potentially as a species. The science is more than clear, the effects are already all around us, and the future will only make those impacts more obvious.
Go read the report; see what's really happening. We can make a difference. Keep that in mind this November.
When Arnold Schwarzenegger ran for governor in 2003, his supporters touted his independence, outsider status, and inspiring life story as the quintessential American dream. His detractors mocked his inexperience, but he indeed stood as a great example of what was possible in America.
This immigrant worked tirelessly and rose to the top in the private sector as a giant on the silver screen. He entertained millions, created vast amounts of wealth, and even used his fame to educate the public about the importance of personal health and, in a twist for Hollywood, market economics and individual freedom.
Oh, how the mighty fall. The governor is struggling, once again, to negotiate a budget. He seemingly becomes embroiled every year in these protracted showdowns, resulting not in responsible budgets but burgeoning deficits and growing bureaucracies.
He tries to hold the line, threatening to veto the Democrats' plan, but it is stunning how far that line has shifted. He began promising a dose of economic conservatism after the fiscally reckless and profligate years of Gray Davis. Instead, he has overseen the state budget climb by 39% since he took office.
Arnold always had a soft spot for spending programs, vowing five years ago to produce a massive bond package to finance the school system. Since then he has saddled us with several large bonds and many billions in new spending projects.
So now he is fighting over relative trivialities, while accepting in principle California's leviathan government and new tax increases.
This marks a sad time for the state but also a personal tragedy. Schwarzenegger had an amazing career as an entertainer. The governorship has only diverted his invaluable time toward intractable political disputes and symbolic battles over nothing. We are no better off than we were under Davis, and meanwhile the private sector has lost a talented and socially conscious actor.
The only solution to the state's ills is libertarian reform. The government should shut down prisons and free nonviolent offenders such as drug convicts. It should liquidate its many billions in unneeded assets. It should close down entire agencies and leave their functions to the market. This would truly stimulate the economy.
But these measures would be too much for a governor to do, even if he wanted, without strong public support. With almost 40 million residents, America's most populous state is especially difficult to tame. Perhaps there can never be a semi-functional political system as long as the state is so big, larger than most nations. In any event, genuine, sustaining reform requires a revolution in public opinion first.
Republicans often say we need a successful businessman, small-town leader, or citizen whose accomplishments are outside politics to shake things up in Washington or the state capitals. But those who work in the market labor under a totally different system, set of incentives, and institutional dynamic.
The government's defining character renders it immune to fundamental reform by outsiders. Unlike the market, government finances itself through coerced taxation, not honestly earned profits. It maintains dominance through the threat of violence—police and imprisonment—not through voluntary exchange. Government power corrupts and cannot be purged of its intrinsically coercive and political nature. Outsiders cannot stay outsiders long once inside the halls of power.
Like Ronald Reagan before him, Schwarzenegger was the Hollywood rogue conservative who would finally produce fiscal restraint and meaningful reform. But also like Reagan, he has overseen a staggering growth in government while confusing the dialogue and giving free enterprise a bad name. Markets are free insofar as they are left alone by the state. An alleged free marketer wielding and exercising considerable government power ceases to be a true friend of the free market.
Some of his films have not been the highest of art, but even Schwarzenegger's flops were great achievements compared to what he has done as governor, or what we can expect anyone like him to do in his place. If he wants to contribute to society, he should resign, leave the dismal world of politics to the corrupt and power-hungry, and return to the private sector where he can once again make a difference. There might still be time for him to do a cameo in the fourth Terminator film.
Tags: Budget and Tax Policy, Business, California, debt, deficits, Drugs, Entertainment, government spending, Immigration, Politics, Privatization, Schwarzenegger
NEW YORK -- Major League Soccer games will be televised by NBC's networks starting next season, doubling the number of homes that dozens of games will be available in.
The package currently on Fox Soccer Channel will move mainly to the NBC Sports Network, Versus' new name beginning Jan. 2. The cable channel will air 38 regular-season games, three playoff games and two U.S. men's national team matches each year.
NBC will broadcast two regular-season MLS games, two playoff games and two national team appearances under the three-year contract announced Wednesday.
"It shows our sport is ready for prime time," MLS commissioner Don Garber said.
The deal became possible after Comcast, Versus' parent company, officially took over NBCUniversal in January. Not only will a handful of games be available to a broader audience on NBC, but Garber is confident soccer will get invaluable exposure through advertising during the network's coverage of other sports, from "Sunday Night Football" to the Stanley Cup playoffs to the Olympics.
"NBC is really famous for promoting their partners, and that's a big driver in our decision to do a deal with them," Garber said.
Hockey, shown on both NBC and Versus since before the Comcast merger, has seen significant ratings growth in recent years.
"What they've done for the NHL I think is remarkable," Garber said.
Garber was quick to note the league was approached by NBC.
"This was not an ask, it was an offer," he said.
The cable games will go from being available in nearly 40 million households on Fox Soccer to almost 80 million on NBC Sports Network, which is in about two-thirds of American homes with televisions. Five regional Comcast sports networks also already broadcast games for their local MLS teams, adding to the opportunities for cross-promotion.
"Connecting the dots between all of their assets will ensure a broader audience for MLS and U.S. Soccer, and that's really what this sport needs today," Garber said. "If you look at the popularity of the World Cup and the almost ubiquity of the sport in America today, it's a natural step we would evolve from what was a great relationship with Fox Soccer Channel, albeit a niche network, to broader broadcast, cable and digital platforms."
ESPN will continue to broadcast its package of MLS games. Its strong ratings for last year's World Cup are among many signs that the sport is becoming more of a force in American television.
"I don't think the NBC deal is done if they didn't believe MLS was ready to step further into the mainstream," Garber said.
Jon Miller, the president of programming of NBC Sports and Versus, said the networks are committed to pregame and postgame shows and would like to find one day to serve as a showcase "Game of the Week" date.
He said the network found MLS appealing because it reaches a young, affluent demographic, ratings are growing, and that soccer is the "fastest growing sport in America." He said the MLS reaches "blue chip" sponsors that can only help grow a sport that has struggled to find its footing in a crowded sports landscape.
"We're proud to be along and hopefully we can accelerate the ride further," Miller said.
Copyright 2011 by The Associated Press
Abstract Introduction Neurocognitive impairments have been observed in patients with bipolar disorder (BD) even during the euthymic phase of the disease, potentially representing trait-associated rather than state-associated characteristics of the disorder. In the present study, we used transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) applied to cerebellar and prefrontal cortices to improve the neurophysiological performances of patients with euthymic BD. Methods Twenty-five outpatients with BD underwent open-label prefrontocerebellar tDCS for 3 consecutive weeks. Neurophysiological performances were assessed through the examination of the P3b and P3a subcomponents of P300 event-related potential at baseline and after stimulation. Results Compared to baseline, P3b component after tDCS showed significantly higher amplitude and shorter latency (latency: Fz P=0.02, Cz P=0.03, and Pz P=0.04; amplitude: Fz P=0.24, Cz P=0.02, and Pz P=0.35). Conclusion In our sample of patients with euthymic BD, concomitant prefrontoexcitatory and cerebellar-inhibitory modulations led to improved brain information processing stream. This improvement may at least partially result from neuroplastic modulation of prefrontocerebellar circuitry activity. Keywords: mood disorders, tDCS, cerebellum, P300, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, event-related potentials
Introduction Bipolar disorder (BD) is a severe and disabling disease. The course of BD has traditionally been viewed as episodic, that is with symptomatic and functional recovery between mood episodes.1 This view has recently been challenged by evidence documenting how, despite symptomatic improvements or recovery following mood episodes, many individuals with BD experience difficulties in daily functioning (eg, there are higher rates of unemployment and disability among individuals with BD than in the normal population).2–7 Cognitive and functional impairments have been observed in patients with BD even during the euthymic phase of the disease, potentially representing trait-associated rather than state-associated characteristics of the disorder.2–7 From a neurophysiological point of view, event-related potentials (ERPs) allow the identification of specific neurocognitive deficiencies.8–10 In particular, the P300 component has been studied widely, and it is believed to be related to stimuli categorization as an indicator of selective attention and memory updating.8 The P300 consists of two main subcomponents, namely P3a and P3b.8,10 The P3a is elicited by a distracter stimulus, and it has been interpreted as a neural correlate of the orienting response; the P3b component, which is elicited by a target rare stimulus, reflects neuronal activity associated with revision of the mental representation of the previous event within the stimulus environment.8 Recent studies hypothesized that trait-associated neurocognitive impairments in patients with BD could be related to prefrontocerebellum circuitry dysfunctions and, in particular, to the loss of the physiological inverse metabolic activity between dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (hypoactivity) and subcortical areas, such as thalamus and cerebellum (hyperactivity).11–16 Therefore, the aim of this preliminary study was to improve the brain information processing stream (assessed through P300 ERP) stimulating cerebellar and pre-frontal cortices with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a form of neuromodulation that uses constant, low current delivered to the brain area of interest via inhibitory (cathodal) and excitatory (anodal) electrodes.17,18
Methods Participants and study design The sample consisted of 27 outpatients (ten males and 17 females; mean age: 45.9±12.8) with a diagnosis of BD type I (n=16) or II (n=11) in the euthymic phase of the disease defined by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale <7 and Young Mania Rating Scale <7 (disease duration: 18.01±11.09 years). Diagnoses were made through the Structured Clinical Interview for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders fourth edition Axis I disorders.19,20 Patients were consecutively recruited at the Policlinico Umberto I University Hospital of Rome. Patients were screened and excluded for having significant concomitant neurological or organic diseases, comorbid Axis I diagnoses, left handedness, pharmacological treatment with typical antipsychotics, or hospitalization in the last 12 months. All patients were on stable pharmacological treatment with lithium (n=13), anticonvulsants (n=18), atypical antipsychotics (n=18), benzodiazepines (n=11), and/or antidepressants (n=6) for at least 2 months. The tDCS was applied to patients in addition to the standard pharmacological maintenance therapies, which remained unchanged along the intervention. These participants had previously been enrolled in our research in other studies with different aims and objectives.13,14,21 The research protocol was approved by the institutional review board of Policlinico Umberto I University Hospital and Sapienza University of Rome, in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki, 1975. All patients signed a written informed consent before the tDCS treatment. Transcranial direct current stimulation The tDCS is a brain modulation technique using constant, low current delivered directly to the brain area of interest via inhibitory (cathodal) and excitatory (anodal) electrodes.17,18 In our study, tDCS electrode montage was as follows: cathodal tDCS on the right cerebellar cortex, 1 cm below and 4 cm lateral to the inion, and anodal tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (ie, at Fp1 according to the International 10/20 System for EEG electrodes). The intensity of stimulation was set at 2 mA and delivered for 20 minutes every working day (Monday to Friday) for 3 consecutive weeks. More details can be found in previously published articles.13,14 Neurophysiological evaluation consisted of an ERP evaluation with a P300 Novelty Task. The electroencephalogram signals were recorded with F3, Fz, F4, C3, Cz, C4, P3, Pz, and P4 scalp electrodes, according to the International 10–20 System. The P300 Novelty Task consisted of a sequence of three tones (standard, target, and novel). The standard stimulus was 1,000 Hz tone (duration: 200 ms; rise–fall times: 10 ms; intensity: 80 dB sound pressure level (SPL); and probability of occurrence: 0.8), whereas the infrequent target stimulus was 2,000 Hz tone (duration: 200 ms; rise–fall times: 10 ms; intensity: 80 dB SPL; and probability of occurrence: 0.1). The novel sounds (probability of occurrence: 0.1) were unique, nonrepeating sound effects (novels) either sampled from a sound effects compact disk or generated in the laboratory using a microphone as recordings of typical environmental sounds (eg, a key in a lock and a cup being placed on a table).21,22 These novel sounds were clipped to a length of 200 ms and were unidentifiable and ambiguous. The intensities of all stimuli including novel sounds were checked using a calibrated sound-level meter (Radio Shack 33-2055) and adjusted so the perceived intensity by the subject was 80 dB. The subjects were not informed that the novel sounds would be presented, and if they asked questions about their presence, they were reminded to count only to the target tones. The interstimulus interval varied randomly between 2 seconds and 3 seconds. The task lasted for ~15 minutes. The ERPs were measured as grand averaged waveforms. Trials containing eye movements were automatically rejected. A further selection was performed in the offline analysis to reject other kinds of artifacts, according to the clinical guidelines.23 For each subject, all artifact-free trials were averaged per stimulus (target and novel) and filtered with a low-pass digital filter of 20 Hz, for each stimulus. Scalp electrode activity was measured at all electrode sites of which Fz, Cz, and Pz were analyzed. Fz, Cz, and Pz were chosen for analyses because ERPs responses are the largest on the midline locations. The P3b and P3a components were identified as the largest positive deflections between 250 ms and 500 ms, respectively, in the target and novel responses. The amplitude of these components was identified by means of baseline to peak measurements.24 Statistical analysis The Statistical Package for the Social Sciences (SPSS) was used for statistical calculations. All tests were two tailed with an alpha =0.05. Raw data were normally distributed and are reported in as mean ± standard deviation. Paired sample t-test was used to compare pretreatment and posttreatment measures. Table 1 Event-related potential Pre-tDCS evaluation Post-tDCS evaluation P-value Target Lat (ms) P3b Fz 384.8±48.4 358.7±20.4 0.02* Cz 384.8±46.5 361.3±20.3 0.03* Pz 390.1±45.1 366.3±28.5 0.04* Amp (µV) P3b Fz 4.7±3.9 6.5±6.1 0.24 Cz 6.4±4.5 9.8±4.8 0.02* Pz 9.2±6.1 11.1±5.9 0.35 Novel Lat (ms) P3a Fz 332.2±28.4 316.4±35.7 0.11 Cz 329.4±32.7 330.9±42.2 0.88 Pz 342.4±26.1 336.4±46.7 0.62 Amp (µV) P3a Fz 6.4±4.2 4.7±4.3 0.20 Cz 8.5±4.5 8.5±5.3 0.98 Pz 9.9±4.3 9.9±4.7 0.99 Open in a separate window
Results Two patients did not complete the stimulation protocol because of the onset of migraine. The remaining 25 patients tolerated tDCS without complications with the exception of three patients complaining of a transient burning sensation delimited to the electrode site. All patients correctly performed required tasks during each ERPs recording. Grand averaged waveforms for target stimulus at T0 and T1 are shown in . Measurements of P3b components revealed a significant higher amplitude and shorter latency after tDCS treatment than baseline evaluation (latency: Fz P=0.02, Cz P=0.03, and Pz P=0.04; amplitude: Fz P=0.24, Cz P=0.02, and Pz P=0.35; ; ). No significant differences were observed in P3a latency and amplitude in the two ERP sessions ( ). Open in a separate window
Discussion To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study investigating prefrontocerebellar tDCS potential in improving P300 performances on patients with euthymic BD. Our data showed that tDCS led to significant changes (larger amplitude and shorter latency) in the P3b parameters after stimulation, whereas the P3a component did not show any significant change. The P300 is the most widely used and studied ERP component in psychiatry.25 This component reflects cognitive processes involved in stimulus categorization as an indicator of selective attention and memory updating.8–10 In particular, although the P3a, elicited by distracter stimulus, is related to an orienting response during a context-updating process, the P3b component is associated with task-relevant attentional mechanisms and decision-making processes.8 Our findings suggest an improvement in the context-updating function (as revealed by the significant changes in P3b), whereas the orienting phase of the stimulus processing was not significantly influenced by the treatment (as revealed by the nonsignificant changes in P3a). The results of the present research preliminarily indicate that concomitant prefrontal excitatory and cerebellar inhibitory tDCS stimulation may have a positive effect on brain global information processing stream. It is thus possible to hypothesize that the observed functional improvements may be at least partially attributable to functional modulation of prefrontocerebellar circuitry activity, as suggested in the previous studies.11–16 From a clinical point of view, cognitive disturbances have gained considerable importance as critical features of psychiatric disorders, and it is now believed that they might represent valid therapeutic targets.9,26 It is currently accepted that cognitive impairment and symptomatic manifestations of mental disorders may require separate and integrated therapeutic approaches.9,26 As improvements in P300 performances have been associated with improvements in cognitive functioning,9 it might be hypothesized that the proposed prefrontocerebellar tDCS protocol could potentially be used as a complementary therapeutic approach with possible positive clinical outcomes. The small sample size and the open-label design are major limitations of the study. Moreover, we assessed a relatively large number measures and we did not correct for multiple comparisons; therefore, these results should only be considered as preliminary/hypothesis generating. Among the strengths 1) this is one of the few studies using concomitant prefrontal-excitatory and cerebellar-inhibitory tDCS, as well as the first study to assess the effects of such stimulation through P300, 2) the sample was clinically well characterized, 3) P300 is a reliable marker of neurocognitive processes, and 4) during tDCS administration, patients' pharmacological maintenance therapies remained unchanged, allowing us to specifically account for tDCS effect on P300.
Acknowledgments The research was fully funded by the Department of Neurology and Psychiatry of Sapienza University of Rome.
Clothing donated for an expected influx of Syrian refugees is sorted by volunteers in Toronto on Tuesday. (Chris Helgren/Reuters)
According to a new Gallup poll, a tiny fraction of would-be Syrian refugees say their desired home lies in the United States or Canada. The survey, which was conducted in January through face-to-face interviews, found that only 6 percent of Syrians who said they were contemplating leaving their country imagined North America as their chosen destination.
[Canada's Syrian refugees plan puts U.S. to shame]
An overwhelming majority, instead, envisioned their future in Europe or elsewhere in the Middle East and North Africa.
More than 4 million Syrians have fled their country since the conflict there erupted in 2011, and roughly half the country's population — or about 11 million Syrians — have been forced to leave their homes.
According to the Gallup poll, nearly half of Syrians polled said they would leave if they could. That sentiment was borne out in the months that followed, with record numbers of Syrian refugees making their way to Europe and many more deepening the strain in neighboring countries such as Lebanon and Turkey. About 43 percent of the Syrian respondents polled in January said they would like to leave in the next 12 months.
The results were consistent with Gallup's polling since the start of the Syrian war.
The poll involved 1,002 face-to-face interviews with Syrians age 15 or older. Because of the dire security situation in much of the country, Gallup could not conduct the survey in certain areas, including the ravaged Homs province. The exclusion reflects roughly a third of Syria's overall population, according to Gallup.
A survey published earlier this year under the aegis of a Washington-based watchdog group found that a majority of Syrians, regardless of political or sectarian affiliation, wanted to see the country remain intact. But the grimness of the conflict has compelled many Syrians to contemplate a future elsewhere.
"Gallup's findings reflect people's desires rather than their intentions — but the implications are still serious," reads a summary on the organization's Web site. "Contrary to other research Gallup has done on migration, demographic characteristics such as employment, income level and age do not seem to factor in to whether Syrians wish to leave the country."
Yet their plight, rather than winning universal sympathy, has polarized the conversation in the West. In opinion polls, majorities in the United States and Canada are opposed to their governments letting in Syrian refugees. Far-right, anti-immigration parties in Europe have gained traction amid the current influx of migrants.
This is likely of little consequence to hundreds of thousands of desperate Syrians, Gallup concludes: "For many Syrians, simply finding a way to leave the country may be more important than where they end up after that."
Related on WorldViews
Why the author of 'Game of Thrones' is defending Syrian refugees
France to take in 30,000 Syrian refugees in wake of Paris attacks
A bill that requires all smartphones manufactured after July 1st, 2015 to include anti-theft measures if sold in the state of California was signed into law today. California governor Jerry Brown signed the bill, which was introduced back in February, and finally cleared the State assembly two weeks ago. Its aim is to make phones a less attractive target for thieves by requiring built-in tools that let consumers remotely lock, wipe, and disable the devices.
The bill, SB 962, was created by California state Senator Mark Leno along with San Francisco District Attorney George Gascón, who's been a staunch advocate of anti-theft measures for phones. Ahead of the bill, Gascón urged cellphone makers — including Apple and Samsung — to make stolen smartphones more of a headache for thieves, going so far as to hire security experts to try and bypass the built-in security measures to illustrate that smartphone makers weren't doing enough. An earlier version of the legislation also included tablets, and any other handheld "advanced mobile communications device," language that was stripped out in favor of targeting only smartphones.
The key text of the bill breaks down what exactly phones need to include:
Any smartphone that is manufactured on or after July 1, 2015, and sold in California after that date, shall include a technological solution at the time of sale, to be provided by the manufacturer or operating system provider, that, once initiated and successfully communicated to the smartphone, can render the essential features of the smartphone inoperable to an unauthorized user when the smartphone is not in the possession of an authorized user. The smartphone shall, during the initial device setup process, prompt an authorized user to enable the technological solution. The technological solution shall be reversible, so that if an authorized user obtains possession of the smartphone after the essential features of the smartphone have been rendered inoperable, the operation of those essential features can be restored by an authorized user. A technological solution may consist of software, hardware, or a combination of both software and hardware, and when enabled, shall be able to withstand a hard reset or operating system downgrade and shall prevent reactivation of the smartphone on a wireless network except by an authorized user.
Ahead of the bill's approval, every major player in the phone industry pledged to make their smartphones harder to steal as part of a voluntary agreement with the CTIA. Apple, Google, HTC, Huawei, Motorola, Microsoft, Nokia and Samsung, along with the five major US cell carriers, agreed on plans to offer customers a way to remotely wipe or make inoperable their devices beginning July 2015. While similar to the kill switch legislation in its end goal, the two main differences are that the CTIA agreement doesn't require the products to ship with the solution, and threatens to keep any handsets that don't abide by the law from being sold.
"California has just put smartphone thieves on notice."
"Today's action was unnecessary given the breadth of action the industry has taken," Jamie Hastings, the vice president of external and state affairs for the CTIA said in a statement. "Uniformity in the wireless industry created tremendous benefits for wireless consumers, including lower costs and phenomenal innovation. State by state technology mandates, such as this one, stifle those benefits and are detrimental to wireless consumers."
In a statement, Senator Leno said simply that "California has just put smartphone thieves on notice."
Preliminary data on reactivation lock tools suggests the feature has already affected crime rates. In June, attorney generals in New York and San Francisco said that year-over-year thefts of Apple devices "plummeted" during the first five months of 2014 thanks to iOS 7's iCloud Activation Lock feature. For San Francisco that amounted to a 38 percent decline in iPhone-related robberies, while New York reported a 19 and 29 percent year-over-year decline on robberies and grand larcenies that involved Apple products. During an identical time period, the same study said there was an increase in robberies involving Samsung devices, which did not have the aforementioned built-in protections until April.
California is not the only state
California joins Minnesota, which passed a similar anti-theft bill in May. However unlike California's bill, it's not asking for a way to remotely disable or wipe a phone, just that the phone needs to come "equipped with preloaded anti-theft functionality," or at least be able to download it later, and free of charge. Under its requirements, it's not just about anti-theft measures on the device, but also deals with devices that are resold. The law criminalizes buying and selling phones between people without documentation, so the state can track where phones are going. It also prohibits used cellphone dealers from paying in cash or selling to people under the age of 18. These are things designed to hinder potential thieves by putting more of the business of selling phones on the record when it too goes into effect next July.
To be a millennial is to hear constantly about how awful your generation is.
And to agree, kind of politely.
I was out at party a while ago, listening to some people in their 40s talk about hiring millennials, and how they are all entitled. This is the word that comes up over and over. After a certain number of minutes into the conversation (10? 15? I'm a pushover) I found myself agreeing that, yes, 25-year-olds are just doing drugs in their parents' basement because they hate the mere idea of working. Meth, probably. At least Adderall. Probably something stolen out of their parents' medicine cabinets because those unemployed losers can't get money to buy their own drugs to fuel their Lena Dunham-esque sex romps. “I'm like you,” I wanted to say, “by which I mean I am an employed non-meth addict.”
Advertisement:
And that's just what people at a party think. Journalists think we're much worse. Wall Streeters bemoan that only 32 percent of millennials consider themselves entrepreneurial (compared to 41 percent of Gen-Xers, and 45 percent of baby boomers). Time thinks we're narcissists. The Christian Science Monitor is nervous that “The Millennial Generation Could Kill the NFL” – because, sissies that we are, we really don't like seeing people suffer long-term brain damage. Meanwhile, the New York Times says -- more or less every week -- that we probably don't have much of a shot in the real world.
So, at a party with respectable older people in tweed jackets I will immediately agree that we are terrible. I will do that as though I can somehow trick them into thinking I am 45 by agreeing, and then maybe they will hire me.
Then, later, at home, I remember that I am 26 and pretty much everyone I know in my age bracket is … really very nice.
OK, admittedly, people do live at home. But that's only because we really like our parents. And why shouldn't we?
Millennials were born in a time of "baby on board" stickers, Amber alerts, and helicopter parenting. “Baby Boom” and “Three Men and a Baby” had replaced “The Exorcist” and “Rosemary's Baby.” At school and sport events, everyone got a prize, and everyone was told they were a very special winner.
To this day I believe my mother has a list of ways to compliment your child on the bulletin board. I still tease her about the time she attempted to use “You're really flying now!”
Advertisement:
Which is to say – I am 26 and I laugh with my mother. I also chat with her nearly every day – just like 80 percent of millennials. As for rampant drug abuse – honestly, it's is very hard to go on a week-long bender if your mother expects you to check in every day.
And despite the reports on the decadence of the young, we're really pretty tame. The CDC (Centers for Disease Control and Prevention) conducts a youth risk surveillance survey that tracks various risk-taking behaviors among youths. Those include unintentional injuries and violence; tobacco use; alcohol and other drug use; sexual behaviors that contribute to unintended pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases, including human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection; unhealthy dietary behaviors; and physical inactivity. Neil Howe, the author of “Millennials Rising,” notes that millennials are shown to be more risk averse than their predecessors in almost every category. The only risk factor that has increased with this generation is “obesity.”
So, it's actually much more likely that the guy in the tweed jacket at the party was a decadent layabout in his youth than it is likely to be true of a millennial.
In part, that might be because parents remain a huge part of millennials' lives well into adulthood. “Sex and the City,” a show that dealt with Gen-Xers, barely touched on a single protagonist's parents. Miranda's mother died, and the back of the head of Charlotte's father seemed to appear at her wedding, but it's hard to say whether Carrie Bradshaw even had parents. In “Girls,” a show about millennials, relationships with parents prove as important as romantic relationships. Entire episodes are dedicated to them.
Advertisement:
Neil Howe notes that the trend of millennials living at home post-college was on the uptick even before the great meltdown of 2008. It's not even particularly uncool anymore. At the Grammy Awards, the band Fun., famous for their song “We are Young,” thanked their parents “for letting us live at home for a very long time.”
And millennials are grateful for this support. They know their parents have invested a huge amount in them and, with that backing, comes a pressure not to screw up.
Greg, a 27-year-old working in real estate, says, “Most people I know have parents who are generally supportive of their kids financially or otherwise. They gave their kid a new car on their 16th birthday instead of buying themselves a new motorcycle. When kids get out into the real world, they realize how hard it is to actually make a buck. They really appreciate the generosity of their parents. Not wanting to disappoint them [comes with that]. I just don't think parents 30 years ago gave as much of a shit about their kids, for whatever reason.”
Advertisement:
Neil Howe agrees, and notes that millennials tend to like and trust authority figures in general. He remarks on a study wherein he talked to high school principals who recounted that if you wanted to punish a Gen-Xer, you told them, “If you keep this up, you're going to go to the counselor!” Then they'd stop, outraged at the idea that they couldn't take care of themselves. Millennials will be delighted to go to the counselor, because they think the counselor will make them happier and better adjusted.
No wonder I will immediately defer to the opinion of anyone older at a party.
Howe also notes that he conducted a study where millennials and Gen-Xers were asked how they would feel if their mother's baking recipe was featured in a public forum, like a magazine. Gen-Xers largely replied “embarrassed.” Millennials overwhelmingly replied “proud.” Megan Zilis, a 29-year-old publicist, confirms, “I would take a screen shot of the article and post it on every social network I'm currently logged into. Which is all of them. And my mom makes the best cookies. From scratch! Topped with homemade frosting.”
Advertisement:
We're proud of our parents, and want to make them proud of us. That means that while we might not feel the same horror at living in our parents' basement, we also really want to get a job.
Some of that trust in the older generation and authority figures might explain the tendency of well-educated millennials to gravitate toward the Occupy Wall Street movement (80 percent involved in the movement had a bachelor's degree or higher). We weren't just angry, we were shocked that the older generation wasn't looking out for us the way we'd always trusted them to.
That doesn't mean so much that we're “entitled” as it means that we're “trusting.” For very logical reasons, given our general upbringings. We're trusting, and we're pretty damn nice.
The emphasis on social media enhances those bonds. Keeping up with everyone we know all the time -- on Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr, Instagram -- means that millennials feel a tremendous sense of connection to everyone in their peer group. And no, they are not posting pictures of joyless orgies in their parents' basement.
Advertisement:
“My generation is so concerned with capturing the moment we say we're living in, that we remain sober enough to take and edit a selfie,” says Lindsay Kaplan, a 28-year-old working in marketing. “After all, it's impossible to get fully carried away if you want to take a photo and post it on Facebook.”
Anti-drug PSAs have altered in recent years to reflect that change in focus. The messages used to discourage Gen-Xers showed how drugs would damage you, personally. “This is your brain on drugs” accompanied by an egg frying. The ads shown to millennials depict drug users hurting their friends or family. The “Smoking Pot Hurts More Than Just You” PSAs indicate that if you do drugs with your friends, burns will appear all over your brother (because in a questionable Madison Avenue leap your reefer smoking buddy is, in an unexplained, never noted subplot, a witch?). On a more effective note, Darren Aronofsky's anti-drug PSA shows a sobbing mother bandaging the wrists of her daughter who has cut herself while high on meth.
Millennials end up mimicking our worried parents in our treatment of one another. We are all little miniature helicopters regarding our acquaintances. If you posted a picture of yourself doing meth on Facebook, 20 different friends would rapidly Like it -- to remind you that you're still a winner! -- and then send hurried messages reading, “You doing OK, buddy?”
Everyone who has ever cared about you from high school onward is monitoring your life. Or, at least, as much of it as you are willing to share. If millennials have learned nothing else from their parents, they've learned to be endlessly supportive. People will Like your updates if you announce you're getting married. They'll also Like it if you managed to prepare a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and want to share that photograph.
Advertisement:
When you have that much support coming from your friends and family, you don't need to look for it from random sexual encounters.
Nate Freeman, the 24-year-old journalist who wrote “Sexless and the City” for the New York Observer about the millennial crowd taking less of an interest in sex, explains, “While certain twenty-somethings to this day describe in detail to my face how they've disproved my theory, the factors getting in the way of sex still remain. Or, maybe, they've multiplied. Why take a girl home when you can put up a Vine of some day-glo graffiti? Why start some foreplay when you can check in to a hip place on Foursquare? There are fuck buddies, and there is masturbation, but there are also ... well, there are also phones.”
The distractions of iPhones and social media, and attachment to parents, are all very well, but the most defining factor regarding millennials' risk-averse tendencies may still be the economy.
My friend Dan explained, “Millennials are tamer than previous generations. I've heard stories from my older industry peers about racking up DUIs like parking tickets and clients doing rails of coke off boardroom tables during meetings. How am I tearing it up at the age of 26? Well, I just got a Dyson vacuum. That's pretty dope. If I acted as reckless as the Old Guard I might never get to use my Dyson again. I'd be unemployed.”
Advertisement:
There's a decent chance that's true. The national rate of unemployment among millennials is 13 percent. And a 2009 Yale study indicated that students who graduate during a recession should still expect to earn 10 percent less after a decade of work than they might otherwise have earned.
For all their being dismissed as entitled, millennials have to channel more and more of their resources toward succeeding in any field.
Jason Ritzke, a 25-year-old operation manager in broadcast television, says he and his wife sent out 400 job applications and received four interviews. He managed to find a job. She's still looking. He doesn't take many risks as a result. He says, “As difficulty scales, as it becomes more and more difficult to elevate yourself, you find yourself giving up things. You find yourself asking, ‘Can I ride this bike without a helmet? What will happen to my wife if I lose my job? Can she provide for herself? Can she get a job fast enough to do it?' Every day I have to lean on every single one of my faculties at work to haul myself just a tiny bit higher. Then I come home and work to fight the forces of entropy on my life, to fix things, to pay bills. I do everything by the straight and narrow because the penalties for falling off the track are so steep.”
Does he wish he was out partying? Maybe a little. Does he feel less cool because he's not doing so?
Advertisement:
“Do I feel lame?” asks Jason. “No. I feel like Hercules.”
And he's not alone. So we may not be the greatest generation. But we are a pretty nice generation.
If only we could start standing up for ourselves at cocktail parties.
Following an impressive Live+same day debut, ABC's new medical drama The Good Doctor, from House creator David Shore and executive producer Daniel Dae Kim, was even more impressive in its Live+3 delivery.
After three days of playback, The Good Doctor‘s L+SD viewership increased bya whopping +5.5 million viewers (from 11.4 million to 16.9 million, +48%). That was the second largest absolute gain for a broadcast series premiere ever, behind only ABC's How To Get Away with Murder (+5.9 million on 9/25/14). It was above the L3 lifts of such recent standouts as the debuts of ABC's Designated Survivor (+5.3 million) and NBC's This Is Us (+3.5 million) last fall and Fox's Empire two years ago (+3.2 million).
In adults 18-49, The Good Doctor jumped by a +1.5 rating (from 2.2 in L+SD to 3.7 in L+3, +68%), tying the absolute lifts of Designated Survivor and Empire as second largest behind HTGAWM (+1.9)
With comps like this, The Good Doctor, produced by Sony TV and ABC Studios, is looking very good to follow CBS' Young Sheldon with a very early Season 2 renewal.
The Good Doctor posted the top absolute total viewers and 18-49 lifts among any series — new or returning — on Premiere Monday.
Courtesy of CBS
It was followed by the debuts of CBS' breakout Young Sheldon (+4.3 million and +1.4 rating points) and juggernaut The Big Bang Theory (+4.4 million and +1.4 rating points). Both BBT and Young Sheldon crossed the 20+ million viewer mark in L3, an impressive feat in today's fragmented TV universe.
NBC's new drama The Brave was solid, with lifts over +40%.
The largest percentage L+3 gains belonged to the season premiere of CBS' Scorpion, which rebounded somewhat after hitting a L+SD demo series low on Monday as fans of the show may have sampled the new 10 PM offerings before catching up on Scorpion the following days. The action drama went from a 1.0 to 1.7 (+70%) in 18-49 and from 5.8 million to 8.9 million (+54%) in total viewers, both the highest marks for the night.
Here are the L+3 gains for all Monday series on ABC, CBS and NBC (Fox aired the season finale of So You Think You Can Dance, the CW is still in repeats):
network…………………….adults 18-49 rating…………….total viewers (in millions)
ABC………………………….L+SD….L3…..Lift… %Lift……L+SD…L3……Lift… %Lift
Dancing w/the Stars 1.4 1.7 +0.3 +21% 8.7 10.1 +1.4 +16%
The Good Doctor 2.2 3.7 +1.5 +40% 11.4 16.9 +5.5 +48%
CBS…………………………..L+SD….L3…..Lift… %Lift…….L+SD…L3……Lift… %Lift
Big Bang Theory 4.1 5.5 +1.4 +34% 17.7 22.0 +4.5 +25%
Young Sheldon 3.8 5.2 +1.4 +37% 17.2 21.5 +4.3 +25%
Kevin Can Wait 2.3 2.9 +0.6 +26% 10.3 12.0 +2.2 +17%
Me, Myself & I 1.6 2.0 +0.4 +25% 7.5 8.8 +1.4 +18%
Scorpion 1.0 1.7 +0.7 +70% 5.8 8.9 +3.1 +54%
NBC………………………….L+SD…L3…….Lift…..%Lift…..L+SD…L3……Lift… %Lift
The Voice 2.6 3.3 +0.7 +27% 10.6 12.7 +2.2 +20%
The Brave 1.3 1.9 +0.6 +46% 6.0 8.5 +2.6 +43%
(See the end of the chapter for notes .)
And another poem. Rhyme scheme at the bottom.
Chapter Text
With strong flaps they fly
Majestic and weightless
No one stops them
In their path, when
They soar through the sky
Beautiful in their greatness
When I rise up high
My wings leave a mess
Foul-smelling smoke
Can't turn sharply, makes me choke
Flames decorate mine
But I don't have a dragon's finesse
I'll always glorify
Their beautiful scales, I confess
I sniff, lick and scratch
Those colors, each scale a different patch
Cherry, vanilla and apple all apply
Even though my eyes are sightless
But one dragon can defy,
All others, with success
Not my cute (and guilty) scalemates
For who I make up terrible fates
It's Pyralspite, flying by,
In my mind, always managing to impress
Due to the Obama Administration's effort encouraging immigrants to become U.S. citizens to “fully participate in civic life” and a desire to vote in the 2016 presidential election, the number of naturalization applications have increased substantially in recent months, according to the Migration Policy Institute.
According to a recent MPI report, during the first two quarters of fiscal year 2016 (October 2015 to March 2016) U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) received 440,000 applications for naturalization. The application level represented a 21 percent increase over the 365,000 applications submitted during the same timeframe in FY 2015.
“This increase can partly be attributed to the citizenship awareness campaign launched by the White House Task Force on New Americans, as well as a desire to vote in the 2016 national elections,” MPI's report reads.
In recent years, Mexico has been the top country of origin for immigrants seeking U.S. citizenship. As MPI details, in FY 2014, 15 percent of the 653,416 immigrants who naturalized were Mexican (95,889). India ((37,854), at six percent, was the second-most country of origin, followed by the Philippines (34,591) with five percent, China (30,284) also five percent, as well as Cuba (24,092) and the Dominican Republic (23,775), both with four percent.
“Nationals of these six countries accounted for close to 38 percent of all naturalizations. Other leading countries of origin included Vietnam (18,837 or 3 percent), Colombia (16,478, 3 percent), El Salvador (15,598, 2 percent), and Haiti (13,676, 2 percent),” MPI explained in the report.
According to MPI, from FY 2000 – FY 2014 Mexico has been the top country of origin for immigrants seeking to naturalize and nearly half of the estimated 42.4 million immigrants in the U.S. have already become U.S. citizens.
Of those who naturalized in FY 2014, more than half live in just four states with 21 percent residing in California (140,234), 12 percent in Florida (79,637), 12 percent in New York (77,717), and eight percent in Texas (52,879).
Over the past two decades or so the number of immigrants who have become U.S. citizens has skyrocketed above historic levels. From 1911 – 1993 the number of immigrants who became U.S. citizens hovered around the low end of between 39,000 and 485,000. In 1996, however, over a million immigrants naturalized.
“Three federal laws passed in 1996—the Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act (PRWORA), the Illegal Immigration Reform and Immigrant Responsibility Act (IIRIRA), and the Anti-Terrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act (AEDPA)—limited access to public benefits and legal protections for noncitizens, thereby encouraging more immigrants to apply for naturalization,” MPI explained in its report.
Since 1996, the level of naturalization has remained comparatively high, never again dropping below six-figures. In 2008, the number of naturalizations hit an all-time high, again due to what MPI said was a push for immigrants to be able to vote.
“The 59 percent increase in naturalizations (from 660,477 to 1,046,539) between FY 2007 and FY 2008 is the result of naturalization campaigns launched ahead of the 2008 presidential elections and an impending increase in naturalization application fees (which took effect on July 30, 2007),” the report reads, noting that the swell of applications served to create a backlog, which the government solved by simply expediting processing times.
Why WWII Icons Wound Up Attacking WWI Veterans The Bonus Army and its ‘riot' showed how American attitudes evolved on veterans' rights.
On July 28, 1932, General Douglas MacArthur led the U.S. Army into action in a most unlikely location (Washington, D.C.) against an even more unlikely adversary (American World War I veterans). The confrontation brought a horrifying end to a remarkable protest that had major implications for veterans' rights, future political movements and even race relations. Yet it is rarely discussed today.
“I've written 60-odd books,” said Paul Dickson, co-author of The Bonus Army: An American Epic with Thomas B. Allen. “Tom's written 40-odd books. For both of us, it's the biggest story we've handled.”
Here are reasons the Bonus Army should be far, far better known:
It marked a turning point in how our nation treats veterans. By 1932, America was deep into the Great Depression. Those who served in World War I had been promised a bonus payment, but not until 1945. Thousands of destitute veterans and their families came to Washington seeking that money ahead of schedule. Dickson estimated there may have been 60,000 people at one point.
While President Herbert Hoover came to embody opposition to the veterans' bonus, he was hardly the first or the last commander-in-chief to stand against it. Before him, both Warren G. Harding and Calvin Coolidge vetoed legislation. Coolidge took a particularly aggressive stance, as he asserted that patriotism “bought and paid for is not patriotism.” After Hoover, Franklin Delano Roosevelt did as well.
“Presidents, historically, treated veterans badly,” Dickson said. “They went, ‘It's your duty. You got hurt or you suffered or lost your job back home? That's just part of what you're supposed to do as an American.'”
The Bonus Army can be seen as the moment when people began to recognize taking care of veterans wasn't just good for those who'd served, but the nation as a whole. (More on this momentarily.)
Police discovered a new way to handle protesters. Dickson said that, for much of our capital's history, protesters in D.C. could expect to be greeted “with a billy club.” Washington, D.C. Chief of Police Pelham Glassford, however, took a different approach. The youngest brigadier general during World War I, Glassford believed in engagement, not aggression. Indeed, when there was a Hunger March on Washington, Glassford “got chefs from all the top hotels to cook food on the Mall and give it to the marchers.” While many did not share his approach to handling protests—for one, Douglas MacArthur—it would serve as a guide for how future rallies would be treated, notably 1963's March on Washington.
The Bonus Army provided a model of nonviolent protesting. Dickson called Walter Waters “a nobody, just a factory superintendent who gets mad because he was promised a bonus and wasn't getting it from Congress.” Yet the Bonus Army organizer proved to have a remarkable grasp of how a movement could put forth a positive image. He was determined to keep things peaceful: “Nobody could have weapons, nobody could drink.” He was deeply wary of more radical elements: “Waters actually had the Communists in a small camp of their own. He didn't want to get tarred with that brush.” The Bonus Army even noted the importance of appearances, as these “destitute guys” would still try to dress up: “Every morning before the marchers would go lobby Congress, they would wash their shirts in the river and put on a tie.”
More progressive observers of the Bonus Army would have also been pleased to notice something else.
The protests were surprisingly integrated. “It just happened,” Dickson said. Hundreds of thousands of blacks had served in World War I and wanted their bonuses just like whites. Indeed, Dickson asserted some of the opposition to the Bonus came from those fearing this black economic empowerment. When they came together, an amazing thing occurred. “Tom Allen and I, as we were doing the book, we started looking at hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of photos, we kept seeing these integrated photos,” Dickson said. In fact, they found that when the men grouped themselves, they did it generally “not by race, but by state.”
This display of unity happened 16 years before Harry S. Truman's 1948 Executive Order desegregating the military.
Even so, the efforts at lobbying ultimately failed. Many veterans went home. Dickson said tensions escalated when “some Bonus guys throw a rock and a rogue policeman shoots two of them.”
MacArthur first displayed a willingness to ignore a U.S. President. Dickson said the general went in loaded for bear against the Bonus Army: bayonets, tanks, and tear gas. (Dickson noted it was a “much more powerful tear gas than we think of today.”) He also reported he and Allen interviewed now grown children present during the time of the Bonus Army and they “suggested that part of MacArthur's rancor and anger was seeing this integrated unit.”
Unsurprisingly, the Bonus Army was driven all the way back to their campground on the other side of the river. At this point, MacArthur's Chief of Staff (and the future Supreme Commander of Allied Forces and U.S. President) Dwight Eisenhower told him they had orders from the president not to cross the bridge.
“MacArthur says, ‘We're at war—I can't be bothered by written orders,'” Dickson reported. A journalist was able to convince MacArthur to delay his advance for an hour to give the camp time to evacuate, warning MacArthur “women and children and veterans are going to die.” (Dickson and Allen interviewed people at the camp who were “kids at the time who said, ‘We ran for our lives. We thought we were dead.'”)
At which point the army moved in with the “equivalent of flamethrowers” and “burned down the village.” Dickson also clarified, “There were no casualties, despite what you read on Wikipedia.”
MacArthur's refusal to accept presidential authority was more famously displayed in 1951, when Truman fired the then five-star general.
Having routed the Bonus Army with a shocking display of military force, MacArthur did just what you'd expect: talk to the media.
“After he drives them out, around midnight MacArthur holds a press conference and says, ‘We've averted a calamity in this country,' and thanks Hoover for giving him the power to do so,” said Dickson. MacArthur had even ordered Eisenhower to put on his formal military attire. (This was a particular slap at Hoover, who was a Quaker and did not “want people running around town in military uniforms.”) Dickson said Eisenhower's son John recalled decades later how his father came home to change “furious” and “cursing.” Indeed, Eisenhower developed a lifelong contempt for MacArthur, reportedly saying in 1954, “I just can't understand how such a damned fool got to be a general” and also referring to him as a “dumb son of a bitch.”
Yet MacArthur had made a public relations miscalculation. He didn't realize that new forms of media were making it harder to control the message. The emergence of radio ensured people suddenly had far faster access to information. And newsreels made it so that Americans could actually see what was happening. Indeed, Dickson said that even when newsreel commentators went along with MacArthur's assessment of “rebels who came to occupy the nation's capital,” viewers could watch the way people they regarded as heroes from World War I were being treated and be appalled.
One man who did understand what was happening was FDR. Dickson reported that, upon seeing a front-page story on the attack on the Bonus Army, the Democratic presidential nominee mused victory was so secure he didn't even have to run against Hoover anymore. (He wasn't wrong, as he won over 57 percent of the vote and 472 electoral votes to Hoover's 59.) Roosevelt went on to display a mastery of radio with his Fireside Chats. And above all, he learned from Hoover's biggest misstep.
The Bonus Army proved the importance of engaging. Dickson said that Hoover's greatest mistake with the Bonus Army was refusing even to talk to them. When struggling veterans returned during the Roosevelt administration, FDR took a different approach and had Eleanor meet them. As Bonus Army members noted: “Hoover sent the army. Roosevelt sent his wife.” Dickson noted Roosevelt also gave them “a chance at the Civilian Conservation Corps” public works program, an offer that was irresistible to many of the desperately poor marchers.
In time, even Roosevelt's opposition to the veterans' bonus would fade. Why?
America understood the economic value of assisting veterans because of the Bonus Army. As World War II progressed, Dickson said that Roosevelt realized that “this time it's going to be 17 million coming back.” What would happen if those veterans faced the same fate as the World War I vets did? “It's going to create a new Depression if you throw those people out on the streets without education, the ability to buy a farm, buy a house, or start a business.” The result was on June 22, 1944, FDR signed the GI Bill, providing returning soldiers with money for education, housing, and insurance. The government had decided caring for veterans made sense financially as well as morally.
Of course, 1944 also saw FDR elected for the fourth time. As he acknowledged, he owed his initial election in large part to the Bonus Army, marking a remarkable reversal of a presidential election trend. A third legendary World War II leader was involved in the attack on the Bonus Army: George S. Patton. Dickson said that Patton later noted that when the forced evacuation of the Bonus Army began, he knew America would elect a Democratic president.
Patton's prediction proved not only true but long lasting. Republicans had occupied the presidency since 1921 and won the last three presidential elections. Now Democrats were about to take the White House and hold it for two straight decades, as FDR won four terms and Truman added a fifth. Indeed, Republicans only took back the presidency thanks to the immense popularity of MacArthur's former Chief of Staff, Dwight Eisenhower.
Taken all together, it's easy to understand why what Dickson termed “the most untold story of the Depression” still desperately needs retelling. Watch footage of the Bonus Army below.
[Full disclosure: The author of this piece worked on a musical about Herbert Hoover.]
Ohio Gov. John Kasich, right, joined by Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper, speaks during a news conference at the National Press Club in Washington, Tuesday, June 27, 2017, about Republican legislation overhauling the Obama health care law. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — Gov. John Kasich once again stood against fellow Republicans in the Ohio Legislature on Friday to support Medicaid expansion, which now provides health insurance to 700,000 low-income Ohioans.
The 2016 presidential contender vetoed a proposed freeze of the expansion and 46 other items from Ohio's state budget before signing it just ahead of a midnight deadline Friday.
“I understand the fiscal concerns that we have, but we've been able to manage it,” Kasich said. “I wouldn't do anything that's going to put the state in a position of where we couldn't have fiscal stability.”
Conservatives had called on the outspoken Kasich to set a national example by leaving in place state budget provisions calling for freezing new expansion enrollment starting July 1, 2018, and preventing those who drop off from re-enrolling. Exemptions were written into the bill for those undergoing mental health or drug addiction treatment, but the administration said they had no legal force.
Kasich said he believes the state and nation “can deal with the fact that people have needs and at the same time we can be fiscally responsible.” He noted the expansion has yielded Ohio nearly $300 million for opiate addiction, double what the Legislature had allotted in the budget.
He is one of the Republican Party's staunchest defenders of the expansion made possible under the federal health care law now targeted for replacement by his party. He was forced to make an end-run around GOP lawmakers in 2013 to become one of the first Republican governors to take advantage of the option.
This time, they have the option to defy him.
The Republican-led Legislature already has scheduled sessions Thursday where they'll attempt an override vote. Ohio's Republican legislators face potential pushback from their constituents in the politically divided battleground state for not acting to curb government health care spending.
Ohio's expansion population is larger than originally expected, costing almost $5 billion — though most of that is picked up by the federal government. Many of those on the program are the working poor, mentally ill or drug addicted.
The Kasich administration has estimated that 500,000 Ohioans could lose coverage under a freeze within the first 18 months.
Anticipating his veto, Republican budget writers made sure not to count on savings from the freeze to make the budget balance, as the state constitution requires.
Three endangered Sumatran Tiger Cubs, at Point Defiance Zoo & Aquarium in Tacoma, Washington, need names!
Photo Credits: Point Defiance Zoo & Aquarium/Ingrid Barrentine
Zoo staff members are eager to have names for the tiny tiger triplets and are conducting a public vote on a slate of names for the 3-week-old cubs. In the spirit of the season, voting begins today!
The zoo is also releasing the tiger cubs' first official photos, taken during a well-cub check by staff veterinarian Dr. Allison Case and staff biologist Christy Webster.
The three female cubs, born Oct. 8, are healthy and thriving. They are living behind the scenes in the zoo's Asian Forest Sanctuary with their mother, ‘Jaya', who is very attentive to their needs. The cubs, who weighed between 2.5 and 3 pounds each at birth, now weigh in at 7.67, 7.80 and 8.31 pounds.
There is no date set for their public debut, but it will likely occur in just over a month when the cubs have grown a bit more and are not quite as wobbly on their legs. The new family is also enjoying additional bonding time. Cool outdoor temperatures could also play a role in when the tiny tigers come out to meet the public.
Members of the public may vote on names, which Asian Forest Sanctuary staff biologists chose from Bahasa Indonesia, the Indonesian language. The cubs will receive the top three names. Voting runs through Nov. 13 and the names will be announced Nov. 14.
The public may vote at www.pdza.org/cubs and can find another link at https://www.facebook.com/PtDefianceZoo.
Once the votes are tallied, zookeepers will decide which name best fits which cub based on their personalities and appearances.
“The birth of the three cubs also presents a rich opportunity for the public to learn more about Sumatran Tigers, which are a critically endangered species,” Goodrowe Beck said. “Every one of these tigers is precious. We strongly want tiger species to survive so they will be there for our grandchildren and great-grandchildren to see and appreciate.”
The cubs' birth was part of the Association of Zoos & Aquariums' Species Survival Plan for Sumatran Tigers. Goodrowe Beck coordinates the SSP for North America.
Only about 300 Sumatran Tigers remain in the wild on the Indonesian island of Sumatra. Their numbers are dramatically dwindling due to poaching and habitat destruction, primarily for the growth of oil palms. There are just 80 Sumatran Tigers in North American zoos and approximately 400 in zoos worldwide.
The three cubs bring the total number of tigers at Point Defiance Zoo & Aquarium to nine. In addition to ‘Jaya' and her litter, the zoo is home to Sumatran Tigers ‘Malosi' (the cubs' father), ‘Bima', ‘Dumai' and ‘Kali'. Malayan tiger ‘Berani' also lives in the zoo's Asian Forest Sanctuary. The tigers rotate on and off a number of exhibits.
More great photos below the fold!
A Swedish city is considering giving jihadists returning from Syria and Iraq free housing, a driver's license, and tax benefits to ease their reintegration, but social media users have slammed the proposal, saying it ignores the terrorists' victims.
The support for extremists was proposed by Anna Sjöstrand, a municipal coordinator against violent extremism in the city of Lund in southern Sweden.
“There may be criticism, but [I think] that you should get the same help as others who seek help from us. We can't say that because you made a wrong choice, you have no rights to come back and live in our society,” Sjöstrand said on Swedish Sveriges Radio.
Sjöstrand's proposal was based on a report written by author and criminologist Christoffer Carlsson, who says that it is difficult for people to abandon extremism and reintegrate into society without support.
“It's a straight social, economic and material question. You need to be able to reintegrate into the job market, you may need to have a driving license, debt settlement and shelter,” he said.
'Secret cell': At least 400 ISIS fighters trained for attacks on Europe – report https://t.co/ySjU130MEmpic.twitter.com/tv5AQC0lgl — RT (@RT_com) March 24, 2016
According to Carlsson, “the risk is great that they [Islamist extremists] are unable to leave the extremist environment” without support, so “they might make an attempt and fail because they have nothing to keep them out, and there is always something to return to, namely the organization they left.”
The proposal has been eviscerated on social media, however, with users saying that Sweden is forgetting about the terrorists' victims.
“Lund wants to help terrorists with housing, driver's license and job, but forgets the victims,” one user wrote on Twitter, while another added: “Rapists, child murderers, terrorists. Everyone should be treated equally.”
Some users were calling for Sjöstrand's resignation.
“Anna Sjöstrand, of course you should say ‘You have made a choice and are never welcome back,'” added @I_was_Sweden.
Read more
According to Sveriges Radio, a similar ‘welcoming' approach is also being considered in the Swedish cities of Malmö, Borlänge, and Örebro.
Örebro was severely criticized in January after two IS terrorists – Liban Qadar, 23, and Mahamed Farah Osman, 24 – were offered internships in the municipality, but chose to return to Syria, where they were later killed in battle.
The incident has been classified as a clear failure for Thomas Gustafsson, Orebro's head of partnership.
READ MORE: Swedish court allows the flying of ISIS flag
Research from the International Centre for Counter-Terrorism (ICCT) shows that at least 300 Swedish citizens had traveled to Iraq and Syria to join IS extremists as of April of this year.
Meanwhile, some 140 terrorists had already returned to Sweden as of October of this year, local media reported.
Also an April, a report appearing in the Swedish media claimed that Islamists have successfully infiltrated Sweden's Green Party. Lars Nicander from the Swedish National Defense University said there is “a very similar effect today, in which people close to the Muslim Brotherhood, an Islamist party, are apparently gaining large footholds in the Green Party.”
Story highlights Lawyer says Sandra Jackson accepts responsibility for "mistakes in judgment"
Jesse Jackson Jr. says "I'm sorry I let everybody down" as he leaves the courthouse
Sandra Jackson failed to declare more than $600,000; money was from campaign
Prosecutor says Jesse Jackson Jr. betrayed public trust
With moist eyes and soft voices, former U.S. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. and his wife pleaded guilty to federal charges on Wednesday related to years of using campaign funds for personal expenses that included purchases of Michael Jackson memorabilia and a Rolex watch.
"Guilty, your honor," Jackson responded to U.S. District Judge Robert Wilkins while dabbing his eyes with a handkerchief after he looked back at family members in the courtroom, including his father, civil rights activist Jesse Jackson.
"I used monies that should have been used for campaign purposes," Jackson, 47, acknowledged to the judge. When Wilkins asked if Jackson realized that the guilty plea meant giving up the right to a trial, he responded: "I have no interest in wasting the taxpayers' time or money."
Jackson admitted to diverting about $750,000 for personal purposes from 2005 to 2012.
Wilkins set sentencing for June 28, when Jackson could face up to five years in prison.
JUST WATCHED 2012: Behind Jackson Jr.'s resignation Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 2012: Behind Jackson Jr.'s resignation 04:07
JUST WATCHED Jackson: I'm starting to heal Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Jackson: I'm starting to heal 01:02
At a separate hearing later on Wednesday, former Chicago Alderman Sandra Stevens Jackson, 49, also pleaded guilty in a quavering voice to one count of filing false tax returns in connection with the misuse of her husband's campaign funds.
The charge involved a failure to declare more than $600,000 in income from 2005 to 2011. The total came from campaign funds.
She wept openly after returning to the defense table. Wilkins set her sentencing for July 1, when she could receive up to three years in prison.
Wednesday's hearings completed the fall of the once politically powerful Chicago couple. Jesse Jackson Jr., a Democrat, won re-election to Congress last year despite personal problems, including a mood disorder, that caused him to drop out of sight for months during the campaign.
That coincided with the investigation of campaign fund irregularities dating back several years.
Jackson resigned a few weeks after the election, while his wife resigned her position as alderman in January.
Prosecutors said the former congressman betrayed the public trust.
"The guilty plea today is so tragic because it represents such wasted potential. Jesse Jackson Jr. had drive the ability and the talent to be the voice of a new generation, but he squandered that talent. He exchanged that instead to satisfy his personal whims and extravagant lifestyle," U.S. Attorney Ronald C. Machen Jr. said at a news conference.
As he left the courthouse following his wife's hearing, Jackson said to reporters: "I'm sorry I let everybody down."
At his morning hearing, the former legislator responded to standard legal questions about his soundness of mind by acknowledging his treatment by a psychiatrist.
The treatment was not for alcohol or drug abuse, Jackson said, adding that he had a beer on Tuesday night but "I have never been more clear in my life than I am now."
"I fully understand the consequences of my actions," he said.
His wife's lawyer later told reporters that her decision to plead guilty was influenced in part by her husband's "mental and health issues."
The plea showed that Sandra Jackson admits "she'd made some mistakes in judgment regarding expenditures in campaign contributions," said the lawyer, Dan Webb.
"She saw this as a chance to accept full responsibility for the conduct she engaged in," he added.
Jesse Jackson Jr. pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, mail fraud and false statements.
Wilkins noted that prosecutors and defense attorneys said sentencing guidelines indicated an appropriate term of 46 to 57 months in prison and a fine of between $10,000 and $100,000.
The maximum fine under the law for both Jackson and his wife would be $250,000.
However, Wilkins said he was not bound by sentencing guidelines, telling Jackson: "The bottom line is, I don't know what sentence you're going to get and you don't know what sentence you're going to get."
Jackson's lawyer, Reid Weingarten, told reporters after the hearing that he would mount a strong legal case for a fair sentence, noting his client is the father of two young children and has the health problems mentioned in court.
"It turns out that Jesse has serious health issues," Weingarten said. "... We are going to talk about them extensively with the court and those health issues are directly related to his present predicament. That is not an excuse. That is just a fact. And Jesse has turned a corner there as well."
But Machen said Jackson's illegal activity could not be dismissed as the result of recent mental illness.
"It's hard for me to imagine how they're going to reconcile this scheme as being the byproduct of any recent medical condition," he said. "Mr. Jackson engaged in this scheme starting in 2005. It's a seven-year scheme."
Last week, prosecutors filed charges against the couple in separate criminal documents used when parties strike plea agreements.
The documents say the former congressman misused campaign funds.
According to court documents, Jackson's campaign credit cards were used for $582,772 in personal expenditures. Jackson's purchases included a gold-plated men's Rolex watch costing more than $43,000 and almost $10,000 in children's furniture.
As part of the plea agreement, Jackson is supposed to repay the $750,000 in improperly used funds. Prosecutors said they would seize and sell many of the pieces of memorabilia and other items Jackson purchased and apply the proceeds to the debt.
The items include two hats belonging to the late singer Michael Jackson costing more than $8,000; a $5,000 football signed by U.S. presidents; and memorabilia involving the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., Malcolm X and martial artist Bruce Lee.
Another expenses incurred using the campaign credit card were a five-day stay at Martha's Vineyard Holistic Retreat in 2008 for $5,687.75, and a $4,272.78 charge in 2006 for on-board cruise expenses to Navigator of the Sea, according to court documents.
Jackson issued a statement through his attorneys on Friday that said, in part: "I offer no excuses for my conduct and I fully accept my responsibility for the improper decisions and mistakes I have made."
Jackson's wife is not mentioned by name in the document outlining misuse of campaign funds.
But there are references to her as "Co-Conspirator 1," a former consultant and later the manager of Jackson's re-election campaign. According to the court documents, "Co-Conspirator 1" bought $5,150 worth of fur capes and parkas and had them shipped from Beverly Hills, California, to Washington.
Jesse Jackson Jr. had represented 2nd Congressional District in Illinois since 1995. His name came up during the investigation of former Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich , linked to allegations that Blagojevich attempted to sell the U.S. Senate seat vacated by Barack Obama when he became president.
No charges were filed against Jackson, but the House Ethics Committee decided to look into whether Jackson or an associate offered to raise a large amount of money for Blagojevich in exchange for Jackson getting the Senate seat.
His father recently said his son was "taking his medication and handling his challenges." The elder Jackson had no comment after Wednesday's hearings, telling reporters, "not today."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE – A new distracted driving law is less than two weeks from taking effect in Washington. The law bans the use of handheld devices behind the wheel, even stopped at a red light. It's a primary offense, and it will go on your permanent record.
“The $136 ticket you get is going to be nothing compared to the insurance consequences,” said insurance agent Toni Matous, who works at Magnolia Insurance Agency Inc. in Seattle.
The fact that the distracted driving ticket is a primary infraction and will go on your driving record is what Matous said most of her clients do not know. It's why she's urging everyone to get ready before the law goes into effect.
“You need to have a Bluetooth device in your car, if you don't have one get one retrofitted into your car,” she said.
“If we see you doing it, we can pull you over,” said King County sheriff's Sgt. Cindi West.
Deputies will begin enforcement on July 23, along with every other law enforcement agency in the state, and they said it will be easy pickings.
“Anyone can drive down the road and look to their right or left and see somebody watching video, texting a friend, it's just a daily occurrence. So it's not going to be that difficult,” said West.
It's exactly what Matous said insurance companies are banking on, quite literally, she said.
“The insurance industry is losing big, losing big in the personal auto insurance industry and they're reeling, trying to find out how to find out how to solve the problem,” she said.
Matous said it's insurance companies that lobbied to get distracted driving laws a primary offense so they can charge more for premiums.
“This is the new drunk driving,” she said. “The insurance agency industry has actually notated this as a DUIE or driving under the influence of electronics.”
Insurance companies have already raised rates across the board in the last year to recoup increasing costs, said Matous. One Washington provider, she said, raised their rates on every client by 35 percent, whether they had a clean record or not.
Matous gave the example of one family that had recently added their 16-year-old son to their plan; everyone in the family had clean driving records. But she said their rates went from $1,600 a year to $5,200 a year. She said if that teen were to get a DUIE, their bill would go even higher.
“That ticket is going to spread across all three vehicles,” she said. Depending on what kind of vehicles the family owns, “it could get up into the thousands.”
PENTAGON: Consider 35 pounds of metal moving at Mach 5.8. Ten shots per minute. 1,000 shots before the barrel wears out under the enormous pressures. That's the devastating firepower the Navy railgun program aims to deliver in the next two years, and they're well on their way.
“We continue to make great technical progress,” said Office of Naval Research program manager Tom Boucher. Boucher and an aide briefed me in the blazing hot courtyard of the Pentagon, which was hosting the annual DoD Lab Day — a kind of military-grade science fair.
Three years ago, then-Chief of Naval Operations Jonathan Greenert declared that railguns — which fire projectiles with electromagnetic pulses rather than gunpowder — had come so close to battle-ready that he wanted to test-fire one at sea. Since then the Navy has changed course, deciding that permanent land-based test sites would provide more and better data for fewer dollars than an ad hoc installation aboard a repurposed fast transport (variously known as JHSV or EFP). So on November 17, along the Potomac River at the Naval Surface Warfare Center in Dahlgren, Va., a new 32-megajoule railgun built by BAE Systems opened fire for the first time. (See video above). A second railgun is being set up at the Army's White Sands Missile Range in the New Mexico desert, where there's enough wide-open space to fire the weapon at its maximum range of more than a hundred nautical miles.
While White Sands tests the long-range performance of the projectile, Dahlgren will work on the weapon itself. Previous test weapons were like medieval bombards, firing just a few times per day. The Dahlgren team is now making multiple shots per hour as they work out the bugs, and by the end of the year they expect to reach the goal of 10 shots per minute. For comparison, a standard 5-inch deck gun can fire 20 rounds a minute, albeit only for a single minute before its quick-reload drum runs empty; the 16-inch guns on battleships fired about twice a minute.
Once they've reached the 10-round a minute rate, Dahlgren will switch focus to barrel life. A decade ago, experimental railguns often wore out their barrel with a single shot. With new materials better able to endure the intense stresses, the barrels on the current test weapons can last for hundreds of shots before requiring replacement — roughly how long a battleship's 16″ barrels lasted back in World War II. The goal is a barrel that lasts 1,000 rounds.
The next big question — beyond the scope of the current test program — is power. The current railguns fire a 16 kg slug at 2,000 meters per second (roughly, 35 lbs at Mach 5.8), which takes 32 megajoules of energy per shot. Pumping out 10 such shots a minute requires 20 megawatts of power. Unfortunately, the only ships in today's Navy that have sufficient energy are nuclear-powered aircraft carriers — of which there are just 11 in service — and Zumwalt-class destroyers — just three.
Firing railguns off anything else would require expedients. One model might be Dahlgren itself, where the Navy has literally wired up several 20-foot CONEX containers full of batteries, good for fifty shots: Such an ad hoc power source could conceivably go in a cargo hold. Retired Navy strategist Bryan Clark has proposed just such a solution, converting EFP transports into expedient railgun platforms to shoot down incoming missiles.
In the nearer term, however, not only the Navy but also the Army want to capture some of the benefits of railgun technology in their current cannon. Sponsored by the Pentagon's Strategic Capabilities Office, both services are testing Hyper-Velocity Projectiles designed for the railgun from existing 5″ inch naval guns and 155 mm (6″) howitzers. (The HVP itself is the same, but is wrapped in a different fly-away package called a sabot). Using gunpowder rather than electromagnetic impulses means the muzzle velocity is lower, which in turn means the projectile can't escape the atmosphere to fly without friction over vast distances. Even so the 5″ gun firing HVP more than doubles its normal range, to about 30 nautical miles. (The Navy officials present didn't have the latest figures on the Army tests).
Gunpowder-propelled HVP is not enough to replace the railgun in all aspects. The electromagnetically-launched weapon not only travels further but hits harder, rendering a high-explosive warhead unnecessary for many targets. But for crucial missions such as shooting down incoming cruise missiles, conventional cannon firing Hyper-Velocity Projectiles can play a crucial role as a second line of defense around 30 nautical miles out. Beyond that, out to 100 miles, the giant railguns can take over with crushing force.
Lifetime's reality series “Dance Moms,” which follows young girls training at the Abby Lee Dance Company, is being ripped for its latest episode involving the child dancers wearing costumes that simulate nudity.
Tuesday night's episode, titled “Topless Showgirls,” featured girls as young as eight performing a sexually charged, provocative showgirl-like routine in a local dance competition, donning barely-there sparkly flesh-colored bras and panties to give the illusion of nudity.
“All the girls and I feel kind of nervous because we feel kind of naked,” one of the dancers said prior to taking the stage.
Pyschological experts and parents groups we talked to are up-in-arms over the stripper-esque theme, and fear that the episode could act as encouragement for pedophiles and sexual predators.
“As a treatment professional of sex offenders, I can tell you that adults who are attracted to minors definitely seek out shows just like this to whet their appetites,” Los Angeles-based psychologist, Dr. Nancy Irwin, told FOX411's Pop Tarts column. “They may attend the shows in-person, watch them on TV and seek out Facebook still photos and YouTube clips to pleasure themselves. The sexual body movements are more concerning than the costumes.”
More On This... Recent Charges of Sexual Abuse of Children in Hollywood Just Tip of Iceberg, Experts Say
The raunchy routine involved girls thrusting their chests forward and backward, shimmying across the stage and even pretending to cover themselves up with big feathers as they bounced from the stage.
“I'm hot, I'm mean, you can't have me, you can't afford me,” Miller recited to the girls as she taught the moves, before telling the cameras: “The moms are ridiculous because all they're worried about is their kids and their bodies and blah blah. Once you've seen one you've seen them all. This is show business kid.”
Dance Coach Has Young Girls Perform Wearing Showgirl Costumes: MyFoxLA.com
Several moms on the episode expressed their horror regarding the choreography and costumes, yet not one of them intervened. Dance school matron Miller went on to defend the costumes as “stunning” and stressed that that they were “harmless” because “everyone in the industry knows the girls are completely covered.”
Human behavior expert Patrick Wanis, PhD, begs to differ.
“This condones, encourages and motivates adults to imagine little girls dancing naked for their pleasure,” he said. “Of course it will arouse pedophiles and offer them a new legal avenue to engage in their lustful thoughts as they watch the little girls ‘nude' on television.”
Lifetime did not respond to a request for comment, but the network is clearly not shying away from the extra attention as they encouraged show fans to weigh in on the “showgirls” on the official “Dance Moms” Facebook page.
“Horrifying, irresponsible, exploitive, damaging. This didn't just cross the line, it exploded it. I am very disappointed that the moms didn't stop the misdirected nightmare,” said one viewer.
Another wrote point-blank that “the show should be canceled,” while another mom vented: “Pedophiles ALREADY justify sex with kids saying the ones they abuse are ‘hot' and ‘sexy.' This show gave them more ways to justify their behavior. Sick sick sick…”
Several viewers, however, said they couldn't see a problem with the skin colored outfits and adult theme.
“Art is just that ART! I love the idea and it adds a little flare to the dance resume too,” wrote one viewer. Another weighed in: “the girls have worn bras as costumes many times before so it's not that big of a deal. Abby is the director and what she says goes, so the moms need to keep their mouths shut and trust Abby.”
TV ratings aren't being adversely affected, that's for sure. “Dance Moms” continues to gain traction – the controversial episode this week reached a series high across all key demographics, with 2.7 million total viewers. However, Melissa Henson, director of communications and public education for the Parents Television Council, says the show is out of control.
“When you have pre-pubescent girls performing what is essentially a Las Vegas showgirl strip tease to a nationally televised audience, things have clearly gone too far,” she added. “Those responsible for the costumes and choreography should be ashamed of themselves, but one has to wonder if they would have chosen such deliberately provocative costumes if the possibility of being featured on ‘Dance Moms' weren't being dangled in front of them. Lifetime, and the producers and executives behind ‘Dance Moms' are complicit in the sexualization of these innocent young girls.”
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A former candidate of the homophobic French Front National (FN) has been sentenced to nine months in jail for comparing a black Justice Minister to a chimpanzee.
France's Justice Minister Christiane Taubira last year faced legal action from the FN for saying the group is racist and homophobic.
She made the remarks in response to Anne-Sophie Leclere, an FN candidate who was then standing in a small town in the north-eastern Ardennes region, and who posted images on her Facebook page of a baby chimpanzee, with the caption: “At 18 months”, next to a photo of Ms Taubira, with the caption: “Now”.
In a television documentary in 2013, Ms Leclere said: “On the whole I would rather see [Ms Taubira] in the branches of a tree than see her in the government,” at which point she was expelled from the party by Marine Le Pen, its leader.
Christiane Taubira said it showed the FN's “lethal and murderous” views could be summed up as follows: “It's the blacks into the branches of the trees, the Arabs into the sea, the homosexuals into the river Seine, the Jews into the ovens and so on.”
Leclere was given a nine month jail sentence, a €50,000 (£40,000) fine, and was banned from politics for five years.
On Tuesday the FN was also found guilty of inciting racial hatred by the Cayenne court. The party was fined €30,000 (£24,000).
Both the party and Leclrere have appealed, the political party's leadership claiming that the ruling was “politically biased,” and said the case should not have been heard in Cayenne, an overseas region of France.
“Clearly, in the court in Cayenne, the normal rules do not apply,” read a statement by the FN. “These incredible violations of our legal system must be vigorously denounced.”
The far-right FN party known to be homophobic and opposed to same-sex marriage dominated France's European Election vote, while its leader called for the pro-same-sex marriage President to dissolve the country's parliament.
The May jobs report made headlines Friday with a positive bit of news: The unemployment rate has dropped to historic levels — 4.3 percent. It hasn't been that low since 2001.
But there's a statistic behind the unemployment rate that tells a different story about the economy. The main reason unemployment shrank is because the number of people working or actively looking for work shrank. And when the actual number of people looking for work drops, they are no longer considered unemployed and are no longer counted in the federal unemployment rate.
Many of these people are President Trump's “forgotten” Americans: Working-class men who dropped out of the labor force, frustrated with the lack of well-paying jobs, turned out en masse to vote for Trump in November.
The labor force participation rate reveals more about how they're doing. That number dropped from 62.9 percent to 62.7 percent between April and May. But that could be a temporary blip for several reasons. Maybe more baby boomers retired in May than in April, or maybe more teenagers quit their part-time jobs. The workers whose behavior says the most about the health of the US economy are those in their prime working years — those between the ages of 25 and 54. Their participation in the workforce also dropped in May, from 81.7 percent to 81.5.
While a one-month change is hardly alarming, the longer-term trend shows that Americans are still more disengaged from the labor force than they were before the recession. Ten years ago, 83 percent of prime-age Americans were working or looking for work.
This group of workers is particularly important to President Trump, whose plan to grow the economy involves getting more people back to work. But that means a lot more people need to be looking for work. So far, they aren't.
Discouraged workers were slowly returning to the labor force
Jed Kolko, the chief economist for the online job site Indeed.com, says the economic recovery has been bringing many discouraged workers back into the labor force. But since the fall, the slowly rising number has plateaued. It's possible that those who were still interested in finding work already did, he said, and that the rest have no intention of doing so.
“It may be harder to continue bringing people back into the labor force,” Kolko said.
Part of the reason workers aren't returning is because many prime-age women have dropped out of the labor force to care for family, he says. In 2016, women were 10 times more likely to say they had stopped working to care for family members, according to an analysis by Indeed.com. Meanwhile, the most common reason men gave was that they were ill or disabled.
These are the main reasons people don't join, or return to, o the labor force. In those cases, it doesn't matter how many new jobs the economy creates.
Workers who return to school are also counted among those who drop out of the labor force. But considering that May is not a common time of year to start school, it's unlikely that had any impact on the drop in labor participation.
The declining male workforce
The growing number of men who have been dropping out of the labor force in recent decades has fascinated labor economists. The fraction of adult men (under 65) who are not working has doubled since the postwar boom years.
This is particularly the case among white men without college degrees, whose job prospects have diminished the most during that time. In the 1940s and '50s, this group found steady, well-paid factory jobs — the kind of work that has been steadily disappearing. Frustration about their lack of job opportunities is often cited as the reason working-class men in the Rust Belt turned out heavily for Trump, who vowed to revive US manufacturing as part of his campaign.
These are the “forgotten people” Trump has promised to bring back into the workforce. Yet four months into his presidency, nothing has shifted. As May's jobs report shows, the number of new manufacturing jobs has hardly budged. The same goes for coal mining jobs. Most of the new positions created in May were in health care and professional services, which have been fueling job growth for years. Most of these jobs require college degrees or some sort of technical training.
Nicholas Eberstadt, an economist for the conservative American Enterprise Institute, says something dramatic would need to happen to get a large number of working-class men back into the labor force. The federal government would need to change the requirements for disability programs or help more people start new businesses.
“There would have to be a huge change in the US job-generating engine,” said Eberstadt. “And it would still take a long time to turn this historic trend around.”
Bizarre pictures have been coming out of Iceland's Thingvellir National Park, where other-worldly zig-zag patterns have appeared on the frozen surface of Lake Thingvallavatn.
According to local reports, the pattern stretches for 2 km (1.2 miles) along the ice, and park officials say they've never seen anything like this before.
"On March 9, someone noted a strange-looking pattern on the ice sheet that locals had not seen before," Park official Einar AE Saemundsen told the media.
"The linear and perpendicular pattern stretched more than 2 km out into the lake. The lines did not form in same area as other known cracks in the ice."
"Speculations started, and there was no shortage of alternative explanations from alien activity and unknown monsters in the lake to strange conspiracy theories," he added.
Of course everyone's first instinct is to blame aliens, but we actually have a perfectly logical explanation for this bizarre natural phenomenon - finger rafting, which has been previously recorded in parts of the Arctic and Antarctica.
Einar AE Saemundsen/Thingvellir National Park
Einar AE Saemundsen/Thingvellir National Park
When you imagine floating ice sheets moving towards each other to eventually meet, conventional wisdom states that they'll either ride over or under each other, like Earth's tectonic plates, or crash into each other and form a line of rubble, like massive ice floes do in Antarctica.
But neither explanation could account for these strange, zig-zag patterns in moving ice sheets that have bewildered scientists for more than half a century.
These natural patterns look like metre-wide, rectangular zigzags, and have only ever been recorded in ice sheets less than about 10 centimetres thick.
"Both sheets ... must have the same thickness - which can happen when a single ice sheet breaks up and fragments of it later collide," Jonathan Sherwood explains on the American Physical Society website.
"Since the pattern wasn't noticed anywhere else in nature, most physicists simply chalked it up to some peculiarity in the properties of ice."
That was until John Wettlaufer, professor of geology and geophysics at Yale University, came along.
In a 2007 study led by Wettlaufer, researchers identified a third option for ice sheet collision - sometimes, these ice sheets form a series of interlocking blocks that alternately ride over and under one another.
Called finger rafting, the phenomenon recalls how your own fingers interlock if you push your two hands into one another:
Antarctica
"A surprising pattern, much like the meshed teeth of a zipper, is frequently seen when floating ice sheets collide," Wettlaufer explained at the time.
The Yale team figured this out by setting up experiments that recreate the movements of large ice sheets floating on water to see how this phenomenon would play out.
"Using thin sheets of sealing wax floating on water, we observed finger rafting simply by pushing two sheets in contact along their long edge," the team explains in paper published in Physical Review Letters.
"The [experimental] fingers have the strong rectilinear features reported of finger rafting ice, and also exhibit a characteristic finger width."
The researchers suspect that because ice - or something else like floating sealing wax - often has naturally ragged edges, when two such sheets make contact, the uneven edges can either move under or over the other.
"Because the floating sheets are slightly flexible, each responds by developing a series of ripples or corrugations spreading out from the initial point of disturbance," Sherwood reports for the American Physical Society.
"It's something like what happens as you haul yourself onto a wide air mattress in a swimming pool: the sections next to you rise up as you pull down, and sections beyond them slump down again."
Experts are in agreement that the same phenomenon is what's occurring in Iceland, but that doesn't make it any less remarkable for the locals.
"Scientific explanations came from experts that recognised this as a very rare phenomenon called finger rafting," Saemundsen said in a recent public statement.
"But it is not known to have ever been seen before at Lake Thingvallavatn."
The New York Jets have hired Marty Mornhinweg to be their offensive coordinator, a team source told NFL.com's Albert Breer on Friday. The Jets fired offensive coordinator Tony Sparano after a season that can best be described as "turbulent."
Mornhinweg joined the Eagles' staff in 2003 and was promoted to offensive coordinator in 2006. The unit was a top-10 scoring offense from 2008 to 2011, though Andy Reid normally is credited for that success.
The Jets were the 28th-ranked scoring offense in 2012 and the 30th-ranked pass offense. Starting quarterback Mark Sanchez performed so poorly that he was benched for Greg McElroy. Tim Tebow was so unimpressive in practice that the coaching staff never gave him the chance to start. So the immediate question becomes: Will Mornhinweg try to bring Michael Vick along?
Most believed Vick was out the door in Philly after he was benched for Nick Foles. That opinion shifted when Chip Kelly was hired to replace Reid as Vick seems better suited to run the read-option. The Vick question will be asked early when Mornhinweg holds his introductory news conference.
From a pure personality standpoint, the Jets will continue to be one of the more interesting teams in the NFL. Both Rex Ryan and Mornhinweg are, let's call them "unique."
Regardless, Mornhinweg has a lot of work in front of him. This will be the first time he has been the top offensive coach since he sat in the big chair in Detroit in 2001 and 2002.
Follow Kareem Copeland on Twitter @kareemcopeland.
For three weekends this fall, a shuttle will ferry riders from Metro's Gold Line station in Arcadia to the trailhead at Chantry Flats Picnic Area, giving hikers a way to reach the popular spot without having to drive there, Modern Hiker reports.
Chantry Flat is a jumping off point for such high-traffic San Gabriel Mountain trails as the ones to Sturtevant Falls and Mount Wilson. The vast majority of hikers drive to the trailhead only to find incredibly limited parking.
Now, and just for a short time, they can hop on the Gold Line, the light rail that runs from East Los Angeles to Azusa, and passes through Downtown, Highland Park, and Pasadena.
Shuttle service from Arcadia kicks off off Saturday, September 24 and continues Sunday, September 25. It will also run for the following two weekends—October 1 and 2 and October 8 and 9.
The first shuttle departs at 7 a.m. from the Arcadia station at Santa Clara and 1st Street. The last shuttle from Chantry to the train leaves the picnic area at 4 p.m. It's not known yet how often the shuttles will run.
A photo posted by @johnny_sego on Jul 24, 2016 at 8:35am PDT
Shuttles will be free, thanks to funding from Car-less California, a forest service initiative to bring alternative transportation connections to national forests. The pilot is also coming about because of the new San Gabriel Mountains National Monument management plan, which calls for more non-car ways to access the monument, says Angeles National Forest spokesman Nathan Judy.
If the shuttle draws enough riders, Judy says the forest service will eventually want partner with Sierra Madre (the closest city to the trailhead) to provide a more regular transit link to Chantry Flats.
The Rams' surprising selection of Todd Gurley with the No. 10 overall pick last year marked the first time since 2012 a running back was taken in the first round. It turns out Gurley wasn't taken high enough.
Re-run the 2015 draft, and Gurley should go No. 3 overall behind Jameis Winston and Marcus Mariota. No one is doubting the preeminence of quarterbacks, but Gurley is the safest pick of the three to make the Pro Bowl his second home.
Perhaps Gurley's emergence will help remind general managers that top-shelf running backs still have massive value. Le'Veon Bell (taken No. 48), Eddie Lacy (No. 61) and Devonta Freeman (fourth round) are among the best values of the last few drafts while supposedly "safe" left tackle prospects like Luke Joeckel and Greg Robinson were taken in the top five. It was as if the entire league had to recover from falling in love with Trent Richardson.
Gurley wasn't the only undervalued running back last season. David Johnson proved to be a top-10 talent despite being taken No. 86 by Arizona. Thomas Rawls, who went undrafted, has taken the sting out of Marshawn Lynch's retirement in Seattle. Quality players are worth snagging early, no matter what position they play. And there were an exceptional amount of quality running backs in the Class of 2015.
The crazy depth inspired us to go back and watch every 2015 rookie class running back through the magic of NFL GamePass. With the benefit of hindsight, here is how we'd draft them now:
Franchise-changing backs
1. Todd Gurley, Los Angeles Rams
If you like watching defenders take bad angles, you'll love watching Todd Gurley play football. NFL players can't quite believe Gurley's size and speed combination until they see it in person.
At 21 years old and coming off a torn ACL, Gurley beat the Cardinals all by himself in his second career game, uncorking more big plays in one half than some backs did all season.
Gurley is a rare big back that regularly makes defenders miss in small spaces. He's a power back that comfortably gets to the outside. He can take plays the distance and break tackles. In short: Gurley can do it all and is a strong bet to be a top-five running NFL back for a very long time. He has a real chance to be the best player from the entire Class of 2015.
Biggest surprise: Gurley's best trait is his vision. He has an uncanny ability to see cutback lanes and find space where it doesn't look possible. While Gurley's numbers tailed off in the second half of the season, he still showed great burst and great hands through Week 17. He didn't fall off; his team did. Block for Gurley and he'll put up crazy numbers.
2. David Johnson, Arizona Cardinals
David Johnson was the seventh running back drafted last year. You could argue now he'll be one of the best seven players in the entire draft. Like Gurley, Johnson is a rare complete three-down running back.
There aren't many NFL starters that can get low with power in goal-line situations and break a linebacker's ankles while running a route from the slot. In Johnson's first career start, the Cardinals set a season-high in yards. That same game: He scored a touchdown playing wide receiver and put up 120 yards from scrimmage. A few months later, Johnson was practically the only Cardinals player that performed well in the NFC Championship Game.
Johnson's two most famous plays show off his incredible versatility. His Beast Mode-like run against the Eagles on Sunday Night Football displayed Johnson's power and introduced him to America. His incredible third-down catch on a throw behind his body is the forgotten gem that helped the Cardinals beat Green Bay in the Divisional Round.
Biggest surprise: Johnson's patience is uncanny. He can change speeds in an instant, waiting and waiting for the right time to hit the turbo button. So many defenders hesitate and guess wrong while waiting for Johnson to make his moves.
Still can be stars
3. Matt Jones, Washington Redskins
After a sterling preseason and September, Matt Jones looked like a potential Offensive Rookie of the Year candidate. He struggled to get consistent playing time after that because of a nasty fumbling problem, coughing the ball up five times in 163 touches. Jones' rookie year ultimately disappointed, but this is not a ranking of what player had the best 2015 season. It's a ranking of where we'd draft Jones now, and he repeatedly showed off special traits.
For a 230-pound guy, Jones shows incredible cutting ability and shiftiness. He can bounce it outside too much, but he still breaks tackles. He is a natural in the passing game and can be a three-down back. We love the way he runs and believe he'll improve. The Redskins agree; they have expressed confidence he can step into a primary back role in 2016. Buy low, fantasy people!
Biggest surprise: Jones' numbers flagged late in the year in large part because of the offensive line giving up penetration.
4. Duke Johnson, Cleveland Browns
Duke Johnson was the revelation of this entire exercise. He finished in the top-five in receptions and receiving yards among all running backs, but his running ability was even better on tape than expected. Johnson showed an impressive ability to fight for extra yards after contact, atypical of a stereotypical third-down back. His change of direction and lateral speed as a receiver and runner stood out.
Why Johnson deserves more touches: Every NFL coach wants a third-down back who can beat linebackers while lining up as a wide receiver. Johnson has the potential to be more under new coach Hue Jackson because he is plenty powerful. He can be Jackson's new Giovani Bernard, and Johnson's ceiling could be even higher because of the ability to run between the tackles. Taken in the third round last year, we'd place a second-round value on Johnson now. Old buddy Ray Farmer got this one right!
5. Thomas Rawls, Seattle Seahawks
It's easy to remember how Thomas Rawls finishes his runs like a mini-Marshawn Lynch. It's easy to remember the monster holes Seattle's offensive line opened late in the year and how Rawls tore through them like they were the last runs he'd ever see. It wasn't as easy to remember Rawls' quick feet and change of direction as he piled up four monster games in only seven starts. It's hard to understand how this guy went undrafted, entering Seahawks training camp fourth on the depth chart.
So why isn't he ranked higher? Rawls is coming off a broken ankle, a complicated injury to return from. His violent playing style invites injuries. He is reminiscent of a bigger Ahmad Bradshaw and it's worth wondering if Rawls can continue a long NFL career at the breakneck pace he played last season. Rawls is a perfect fit for Seattle, but he wouldn't necessarily work in every system. We're hoping that he's underrated on this list like he was underrated in the draft coming out of Central Michigan.
6. Melvin Gordon, San Diego Chargers
The Chargers traded up to No. 15 overall to draft Melvin Gordon, a decision that looks questionable after one season. We're here to tell Chargers fans not to give up faith. It's hard to overstate the decrepitude that was the Chargers' offensive line last year. Gordon was hit in the backfield so often that it was hard to see positives, but they were there.
The case for Gordon: Gordon showed himself to be a good receiver, even if it took a while to learn how to pass protect. He undoubtedly played better as the season wore on, even when there was nothing open in front of him. His Week 11 performance against Jacksonville was a perfect example. He broke tackles, made defenders miss often and consistently finished tough runs. Yet he still finished with only 60 rushing yards. Playing with the Chargers' offensive line was like playing with ankle weights. His movement is more fluid than any of the other backs on this list except Gurley.
Then again: The line between patient and indecisive is thin in the NFL, especially behind a lousy offensive line. Gordon was indecisive and danced too much early in the year although he did eventually improve his reads. Although the Chargers didn't get Gordon the ball in space nearly enough, his lack of big plays were alarming. In 33 receptions, shouldn't one go over 18 yards? He had only four runs over 20 yards in 184 attempts. He was a boom-or-bust runner without the booms.
We believe Gordon will get better. He has a strong chance to improve in Year 2 and can rebound into solid NFL starter status. But can he be special? That's what the Chargers were counting on when they traded up.
7. T.J. Yeldon, Jacksonville Jaguars
T.J. Yeldon came as advertised. He immediately gave the Jaguars a professional, no-frills starting NFL running back. Every part of his game proved solid, including his protection skills. Yet very rarely did his upright, slashing running style prove exciting. He is going to pile up plenty of four and five-yard gains without the long speed or ability to make you miss that special backs provide. Chris Ivory was signed for big money in the offseason to help take pressure off Yeldon, especially in the red zone.
What is dependable worth? This all sounds critical but Yeldon looks like a quality pick by Jaguars general manager Dave Caldwell. Yeldon is an NFL starter that will reliably eat snaps, carry out his assignments and get what's blocked. That is worthy of a second-round selection, even if some better players were taken after him.
8. Ameer Abdullah, Detroit Lions
After the preseason, Ameer Abdullah was looking like a draft steal. His cutting ability and acceleration looked special. That's why it was unexpected when Abdullah looked so unflashy once the real games started.
Biggest surprise: Abdullah was surprisingly effective picking out holes on runs up the middle, yet he struggled to break big plays as a receiver. He had one catch over 20 yards in 25 receptions and mostly gained what was blocked. This was a solid rookie campaign for Abdullah, who looks like a nice rotational back at worst. He needs to take a step forward to become a second-round steal.
Role Players
9. Karlos Williams, Buffalo Bills: The fifth-round pick is a throwback to a time in the NFL when 240-pound running backs were asked to be human sledgehammers. Williams' ability to get to the outside at his size and deliver punishment is unique. He doesn't look out of place in the running game. He had to battle through four injuries as a rookie but his seven touchdowns and 5.6 yards-per-carry average were not total flukes. He is a unique talent with a high ceiling if he develops behind LeSean McCoy.
10. Jay Ajayi, Miami Dolphins: I legitimately feel guilty ranking Ajayi this low because he looks promising. This is just a very deep class and Ajayi's limitations as a pure one-cut downhill runner with injury concerns knocks him down a few pegs. Still, Ajayi runs angry and is a good receiver. His ceiling is higher than the rest of this group, even though he has bigger risks. Ajayi is not going to make plays to the outside but he could be a very intriguing player if paired with the right running partner.
11. Jeremy Langford, Chicago Bears: In most years, Langford would be one of the most promising rookie running backs. While productive in place for Matt Forte, his tape didn't stand out no matter how much I watched. He runs hard but isn't really a power back. He has breakaway speed but is not going to make defenders miss, limiting his big plays. He's good in the pass game but also had some drops.
If I was ranking "good situations for easy numbers," Langford would be much higher. He is in a great situation and looks capable of being a stop-gap starter. Langford should have a nice NFL career but early fantasy drafters are taking him way too high. After striking out on C.J. Anderson, don't be surprised if the Bears split Langford's workload with Ka'Deem Carey or a rookie to be named later.
12. Javorious "Buck" Allen, Baltimore Ravens: He plays like a guy named "Buck" should play. He finishes runs and was at his best on plays up the middle, averaging nearly a yard more than the league average. He also showed off excellent hands and had an uncanny ability to make the first defender miss after a reception. Don't be shocked if Allen beats Justin Forsett out for the starting job in Baltimore.
Allen is a great example of how incredibly deep this running back class was. He would be an acceptable Week 1 starting running back and he looks like the 12th most promising runner in the entire class.
13. Tevin Coleman, Atlanta Falcons: Other than Melvin Gordon, Coleman is the only 2015 running back that looks overdrafted after one season. Coleman was hardly a disaster as a rookie, averaging 4.4 yards per carry. But the No. 73 overall pick was taken ahead of David Johnson, Duke Johnson and Matt Jones. Coleman doesn't have a lot of wiggles to his game and he got knocked backwards too often for a one-cut runner. His fumbling and passing game struggles should improve over time.
Guys like David Cobb, Cameron Artis-Payne and Josh Robinson didn't show enough as rookies to be ranked here. They will have to improve quickly to stick with the rest of this insanely bountiful class of running backs that is poised to have long NFL careers.
With a little luck, this group has a chance to go down as one of the best running back classes we've ever seen.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A top U.S. banking regulator unveiled a plan on Friday to prevent about 1.5 million foreclosures, breaking ranks with the Bush administration by demanding bailout funds be diverted from banks to consumers.
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp said the plan would modify millions of delinquent mortgages and the government would reward participating lenders by sharing the cost of defaults on restructured loans.
The dispute over housing policy during the administration's final weeks spilled into the public as a President George W. Bush administration renewed its opposition to using money from the $700 billion bailout fund to support such a foreclosure-prevention program.
“The FDIC proposal at the end of the day is a spending proposal,” Treasury Interim Assistant Secretary Neel Kashkari told a Congressional hearing on Friday.
Kashkari said the Troubled Assets Relief Program (TARP), which the Treasury controls, was designed for making investments in the financial system, not giving aid.
FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair spent weeks lobbying Bush administration officials to fund her plan through TARP before announcing the initiative.
“I have never seen anything like this,” said John Douglas, a former FDIC general counsel who is now a partner at law firm Paul Hastings Janofsky & Walker. “This is extremely unusual for an agency to get out in front of the administration like this.”
Viewed narrowly, Bair's responsibility is to protect the solvency of the nation's bank insurance fund — the pot of money that is used to protect depositors if a bank fails. Bair is taking an uncommonly broad view of her role and has become a consumer crusader through the housing crisis.
Douglas said that Bair does not have the power to unilaterally implement the foreclosure plan but that her approach is gaining currency.
“She certainly has a lot of cover from Democrats and even some Republicans,” he said.
REGULATORY TENSION
Kashkari said Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson thinks the FDIC proposal “is a very interesting idea” and urged Congress to consider drafting legislation to create such a program. [nN14430931]
The White House said it is carefully reviewing the FDIC plan, but that it has to think about its potential cost.
The FDIC said its plan would cost the government about $24.4 billion, which could be paid from the TARP. Most of the money from an initial disbursement in that program has been injected as capital into banks.
The FDIC issued the proposal two days after Paulson publicly dismissed the idea.
Leading Democratic lawmakers have rallied behind Bair, a Republican, and have even pushed for her to have a place in Democratic president-elect Barack Obama's administration.
The FDIC pushed forward with its plan, posting it on the agency's Web site on Friday morning (here).
“Although foreclosures are costly to lenders, borrowers and communities, the pace of loan modifications continues to be extremely slow,” the FDIC said.
Still, Douglas said, Bair's bold plan might obscure the fact that modifying mortgages is a complicated business.
Litton Loan Servicing, one of the nation's largest servicers for subrime loans, has found that more than one in four home loans that go into foreclosure have already been abandoned by the borrower.
“Many times these homeowners did not respond to loan modification offers and have simply walked away from their homes,” Larry Litton, Jr., the company's president, told a Congressional panel on Friday.
“This sort of approach can create all sorts of incentives for people to change their behavior and look at their mortgages differently,” Douglas said of Bair's proposal.
Eligible borrowers would include those who have missed at least two monthly payments on loans for homes they live in. Lenders would be expected to lower those borrowers' monthly payments to about 31 percent of the borrowers' monthly income.
The plan is modeled on the FDIC's program to modify distressed mortgages at failed lender IndyMac Bancorp Inc, which the agency seized in July.
The federal government has laid out a number of plans in recent months to try to help distressed homeowners, the latest of which came earlier this week. On Monday, the federal overseer of mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac said the companies' struggling borrowers can apply to have their mortgage payments lowered to 38 percent of their income.
The FDIC has said those industry-led efforts have not gone far enough, and that $24 billion in federal money should be spent on the mortgage guarantee program.
Watch Back To The Future Vs. Cloud Atlas Trailer Mashup By Kristy Puchko Random Article Blend Cloud Atlas, you have to admit it was an admirably ambitious endeavor. Here at Cinema Blend we largely adored Wachowski Starship's adaptation of David Mitchell's thought-provoking novel, but the wider critic community was less enthused. Worse yet, audiences weren't drawn in, so the massively budgeted sci-fi epic is depending on foreign markets to get it back in the black.
With its globe trotting and time jumping plotlines that speak of reincarnation, love and the fight against tyranny, perhaps Cloud Atlas would have been better served as trilogy. (Hey, it's working for The Hobbit.) At least, that's what a clever trailer from Justin Fields suggests.
On his Cloud Atlas delivered his Back to the Future. The results are surprisingly fitting and decidedly funny. Check it out below:
From teasing Marty and Doc's bromance into more of an outright romance, to turning rock and roll into the titular sextet, and making Back to the Future Part III look newly enticing, Fields has a lot of fun with both movies in a way that somehow doesn't come off as mocking. Now let's see if anyone will be so daring as to flop it, cutting video from Cloud Atlas to a Back to the Future trailer. Remember, if you put your mind to it, you can accomplish anything. Whether you loved or loathed, you have to admit it was an admirably ambitious endeavor. Here at Cinema Blend we largely adored Wachowski Starship's adaptation of David Mitchell's thought-provoking novel, but the wider critic community was less enthused. Worse yet, audiences weren't drawn in, so the massively budgeted sci-fi epic is depending on foreign markets to get it back in the black.With its globe trotting and time jumping plotlines that speak of reincarnation, love and the fight against tyranny, perhapswould have been better served as trilogy. (Hey, it's working for.) At least, that's what a clever trailer from Justin Fields suggests.On his Facebook page , Fields confesses thatdelivered his favorite trailer of the year. You know, the one that clocked in at nearly six minutes, thrilled fans of the book and left everyone else more confused than ever? Well, Fields decided to pay homage to that unconventional trailer by cutting in scenes from his favorite movie trilogy,. The results are surprisingly fitting and decidedly funny. Check it out below:From teasing Marty and Doc's bromance into more of an outright romance, to turning rock and roll into the titular sextet, and makinglook newly enticing, Fields has a lot of fun with both movies in a way that somehow doesn't come off as mocking. Now let's see if anyone will be so daring as to flop it, cutting video fromto atrailer. Remember, if you put your mind to it, you can accomplish anything. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
House Introduces Legislation to End Shark Finning
April 17, 2017
The demand for shark fins is still one of the greatest threats facing shark populations around the world, usually intended as an ingredient in shark fin soup. Fins from as many as 73 million sharks end up in the global market every year, and more than 70 percent of the most common shark species involved with the fin trade are considered at high or very high risk of extinction. Sharks declines and extinction can have significant impacts on marine ecosystems. Many species of sharks are top predators and have the potential to structure ecosystems in crucial ways, triggering domino effects through the food chain. On September 22nd, 2016, Mission Blue alongside 80 other NGO's sent this letter to Congress urging support and passage of the Shark Fin Trade Elimination Act.
Following the letter, on March 9th, 2017, Reps. Ed Royce (R-Calif.) and Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan (I-M.P.) introduced the Shark Fin Sales Elimination Act, which would ban the buying and selling of shark fins in the United States. The term ‘sales' is key- while shark finning, the act of cutting the fins off of a shark and discarding its body at sea, is illegal in U.S. waters, shark fins continue to be bought and sold throughout the U.S. Representative Ed Royce (R-Calif.), Chairman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee, remarks:
“The United States can set an example for the rest of the world by shutting down its market for shark fins, which are often harvested by leaving these animals to die a slow and painful death at the bottom of the ocean. The bipartisan Shark Fin Sales Elimination Act is a step towards eradicating shark finning for good.”
By prohibiting the sale of shark fins in the United States, this piece of legislation will remove the United States from the global fin trade, improve enforcement of the current finning ban in the United States, and reinforce the status of the United States as a leader in shark conservation. According to an Oceana report released last year, a nationwide ban would reduce the international fin trade, improve upon current enforcement capabilities and reinforce the status of the United States as a leader in shark conservation. And in-depth polling by Oceana revealed:
• 8 in 10 people support a shark fin trade ban
• 89% of voters agree that shark finning is a cruel and wasteful practice
• 75% of registered Republicans support the legislation
• 84% of registered Democrats support the legislation
• 91% of Americans 65 years and older register the highest amount of support for the bill
• 84% of women support the bill and 76% of men support the bill
We applaud Representative's Royce and Sablan for taking a firm stance on ending the cruel practice of shark finning. Sharks are more valuable alive and swimming in our oceans than in a bowl of soup, don't you agree? Eleven U.S. states have already passed bans on fins, and now we need to take this movement nationwide. Tell your member of Congress to support the Shark Fin Sales Elimination Act today and protect these magnificent creatures!
Join the conversation! #FinBanNow
The temptation will be to throw them out on the field right away.
With a rookie head coach and a general manager who is desperate to reverse the fortunes of the franchise after a last-place season, it might prove difficult for the Vikings to remain patient with their two first-round picks, especially if they get off to another poor start in 2014 and the walls of Winter Park reverberate from the calls for change.
“The objective is to get the best players on your board,” General Manager Rick Spielman said. “Everybody has a development stage. Some hit it right off the bat. Some take some time. But we feel very strongly that they are part of the foundation of what we are building here.”
Coach Mike Zimmer and Spielman maintain that nothing will be handed to UCLA outside linebacker Anthony Barr, the ninth overall pick in the NFL draft, and that Louisville quarterback Teddy Bridgewater, the 32nd pick, will have to wait his turn behind a pair of veteran passers. But it's easy to say that now, here in the middle of May when optimism springs eternal.
Recent history gives no clues as to how they will proceed. The Vikings took five players in the first round between 2012 and 2013. Two of them, left tackle Matt Kalil and safety Harrison Smith, started right away in 2012. Cornerback Xavier Rhodes, wide receiver Cordarrelle Patterson and defensive tackle Sharrif Floyd, however, were all eased into action during their rookie seasons in 2013.
Barr will play a key role on defense even if it isn't as a starter. As for Bridgewater, patience can be fleeting when it comes to quarterbacks, the most scrutinized position in the NFL.
Fans might expect to see linebacker Anthony Barr, left, and quarterback Teddy Bridgewater on the field right away. Their coaches might have other ideas.
No reason to rush
When Zimmer was in Cincinnati, the Bengals drafted Andy Dalton early in the second round in 2011. Dalton led them to the playoffs in three straight years and earned a Pro Bowl selection as a rookie.
But Zimmer said that situation was different because the Bengals had no choice but to start Dalton right away after trading Carson Palmer to the Raiders. The Vikings re-signed Matt Cassel to be their bridge to Bridgewater, and the team continues to mention 2011 first-round pick Christian Ponder as a possible option, too.
“Teddy will play when we feel like he's ready, if he's the best guy, which we hope that he will be,” Zimmer said. “We always want to have competition.”
Still, Aaron Rodgers waiting for three years to replace Brett Favre in Green Bay is not the norm. Most first-round quarterbacks now toss aside the clipboard at some point during their rookie year. All nine quarterbacks selected in the first round from 2011 to 2013 made at least five starts as rookies, including Ponder. Six of them started for their teams Week 1.
“I can't even tell you the last time I sat and watched,” Bridgewater said. “But my expectations here are to show that I can compete at a high level and lead this team.”
Bridgewater started both his high school and college careers on the sideline, but it didn't take him long to make an impact once he got on the field. Bridgewater passed Miami Northwestern High School to the playoffs in his three years as a starter before signing on at Louisville, where he seized the job in the third game of his freshman year by rallying Louisville to a win over rival Kentucky.
Bridgewater will benefit from his first year in an NFL weight room and the quarterbacks room, allowing him to become physically and mentally stronger. Former Vikings quarterback Rich Gannon thinks this is “a great situation” for the 21-year-old, especially because there will be less pressure on him to play right away having been selected late in the first round instead of inside the top 10 picks.
Gannon believes Bridgewater is ahead of the curve mentally, having shown a knack for audibling into the right plays and checking into proper protections in Louisville's pro-style offense. But Gannon doesn't think any of the quarterbacks in this draft class are ready to play today, including Bridgewater, whom he feels needs to get bigger and stronger while refining his throwing technique with offensive coordinator Norv Turner.
But while he preached patience with Bridgewater to shield him from getting shellshocked, he also believes the Vikings should try to get him on the field as much as possible in the preseason and trot him out for mop-up duty late in games, even if Cassel is playing well.
“I always say that there's a fine line between holding a clipboard and how much you really learn compared to being out there when the bullets are flying,” said Gannon, now an analyst for SiriusXM NFL Radio. “Having to make quick decisions, that's really where you learn.”
Barr might play sooner
Like Bridgewater, the Vikings have not yet anointed Barr as a starter. But the hope inside Winter Park and the expectation outside is that Barr will line up on the field for the first defensive snap of 2014. Predicting exactly where he lines up could prove to be more difficult.
“I have this vision on how I want to use this guy and I don't want to tell Green Bay, Chicago and Detroit,” Zimmer said. “I want to let them try and figure that out at some point.”
Zimmer said he has never coached a player who had a blend of size and speed like Barr, and the Vikings plan to use Barr as a strong-side linebacker in their 4-3 base defense with veteran Chad Greenway filling one of the two other linebacker spots.
Zimmer hinted that Barr's role could be similar to how the Broncos use outside linebacker Von Miller, the 2011 NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year who has 35 sacks in 40 career games. Miller is a 4-3 outside linebacker who often lines up as an edge rusher on passing downs and uses his flexibility to bend around offensive tackles and his speed to take down the quarterback. Miller also drops into coverage at times, something Barr will also do.
UCLA linebacker Anthony Barr on the sidelines ready to play against Washington in their NCAA college football game Friday, Nov. 15, 2013, in Pasadena, Calif. (AP Photo/Alex Gallardo) ORG XMIT: NYOTK
And while Barr played linebacker for only two years at UCLA, CBS Sports draft analyst Dane Brugler thinks that athleticism makes him worth the risk.
“Barr's best football is ahead of him and projects as an impact edge rusher, whether he's standing up as a strong-side linebacker, putting his hand on the ground at defensive end or a hybrid version of both,” Brugler said. “Barr needs to prove he's more than just a one-trick pony and grasp defensive concepts, but he adapted quickly to the defensive side of the ball.”
Subtle impact
Beyond special teams, the impact that the rest of this draft class has on the 2014 Vikings could be more subtle.
Zimmer likes to rotate several defensive linemen to keep them fresh so they can put quarterbacks under duress, but Oregon State defensive end Scott Crichton joins a crowded position group that includes Everson Griffen, Brian Robison and Corey Wootton. Barr's presence will factor in as well.
Georgia Southern running back Jerick McKinnon, picked after Crichton in the third round, is an athletic triple-option triggerman turned traditional tailback, so he could face a steep learning curve as he competes for carries behind Adrian Peterson and tries to carve out a third-down role.
Stanford guard David Yankey, a fifth-round pick, could battle for one of the starting guard spots.
The secondary was an area of need after the Vikings ranked 31st in pass defense in 2013, but can any of the three late-round defensive backs help this season?
Regardless, this class will be judged on both the immediate and long-term contributions that Bridgewater and Barr make, specifically Bridgewater. If the Vikings found their franchise quarterback, anything else from the rest of the class would be a bonus.
“Of course,” Spielman said. “You're always going to be judged by the quarterback ... no matter how many Pro Bowlers and young guys you get.”
Benedict XVI, the Pope Emeritus, has written a very short foreword for the Russian edition of his book The Spirit of the Liturgy. It is short, but eloquent and full of meaning. An Italian version of the text can be found here. An unofficial English translation can be found here. This magazine's report on the matter can be found here.
Is Benedict right? Of course he is. He is completely correct to point out that the purpose of the Church is the worship of God, and when the liturgy becomes secondary, then clearly the Church is not functioning as it is intended to, and neither are the people in it. This analysis is simple, but not simplistic. It is, rather, the simple truth.
Consider the life of a typical parish. How much time is spent on the Liturgy? How much effort goes into liturgical preparation? Are the social and educational activities of the parish all geared to the great end of enabling people to take part in the Liturgy? Or is the Liturgy something that feels “tacked on” or even worse, something that almost interferes with the other parish activities? Parish activities are a good thing, but they should only happen for one reason – to build up the Body of Christ, the Body which takes part in the Liturgy.
Again, consider the life of a typical priest. Is he in the sacristy ready for Mass in good time? Or does he rush in at a minute or two before Mass is due to begin, out of breath and distracted? Does he spend far too much of his time dealing with invoices about double glazing, and fielding phone calls from photocopying companies, rather than celebrating the Liturgy, planning the celebration, making sure everything is ready for the celebration, and talking to his parishioners about the importance of the celebration, as well as, of course, perhaps most importantly of all, preparing himself in prayer for the celebration?
Again, are the people of the parish, encouraged by the priest, aware that Liturgy is addressed to God and God alone, rather than to the congregation, and that Liturgy is a language, and that every language makes sense because it has its own grammar? Are priest and people aware that certain practices, rightly called abuses, destroy the meaning of the Liturgy from within? Have they imbibed the teaching of Redemptionis Sacramentum the 2004 instruction from the Congregation for Divine Worship, which lays out what is to be done and what is to be avoided, in order to protect the integrity of the liturgy? One hopes they are, though there is always work to be done in this field, as evidenced by some continuing practices in some parts of the world.
Benedict XVI has done us all a great service, reminding us that in the end, the Church's chief function is the Liturgy. Get that right, and everything else follows. Get it wrong, and everything falls apart.
(CNN) -- Pope Francis arrived in Seoul Thursday, marking the first papal visit to the country in 25 years.
The historic visit is also a nod to Catholicism's shifting demographics as an increasing number of believers come from Latin America, Africa and Asia instead of its historic stronghold in Europe.
"The Pope's visit to South Korea is the first part of a very intelligent opening to Asia," said Lionel Jensen, associate professor of East Asian Languages and Cultures at the University of Notre Dame. "The Pope's presence is a powerful symbol of the Vatican's recognition that it is in Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa that the church is growing most prominently."
During his packed, five-day visit to South Korea, the Pope will beatify 124 Korean martyrs, help celebrate the 6th Asian Youth Day, which is a gathering of Asian Catholic youth, and hold Holy Mass for Peace and Reconciliation, expected to be aimed at prayers for peace, including South and North Korean relations.
North Korea fired five short-range projectiles into the sea east of the Korean peninsula, beginning about an hour before the Pope's landing in Seoul, the South Korean Defense Ministry said.
The Korean peninsula remains a divided one. One of the Pope's missions is to "go to Korea and pray for the reconciliation and peace," said Vatican spokesman, Padre Federico Lombardi.
Pope Francis is expected to meet South Korean president, Park Geun-hye, as well as hold Mass with family members of the victims of the sunken Sewol ferry and comfort women, who were forced to sexual slavery by the Japanese in World War II, in attendance.
Read: Why is the Pope going to South Korea?
A message of simplicity
Catholicism's growth in South Korea has been incremental, rising from 5.2 million Catholics in 2005 to 5.4 million in 2013. That represents a significant slowdown from the growth rate of 70% seen in the 10 years to 2005. Just 10.4% of South Koreans are Catholic; most are Buddhist or Protestant.
In a country that is entrenched in the latest technologies and also home to one of the biggest average household debts, Pope Francis is expected to bring his usual message of simplicity and humility. The Pope had requested the smallest car possible for his trip.
Read: South Korea, the church of the future?
"Korea has experienced rapid economic and social development, and now is struggling with the conflicts surfacing from increased social polarization," wrote Rev. Peter Kang U-il, the President of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Korea. The Korean Church must try to follow spiritual growth, rather than pursue material growth, he wrote.
Read: 10 things South Korea does better than anywhere else
Thursday - August 14 (Greetings with officials)
After his morning arrival, the Pope is expected to attend a private Mass and then proceed to the Blue House, which is the South Korean president's residence, where he is to meet with Park and other South Korean officials.
He meets with Korean bishops at the Korean Episcopal Conference.
Friday - August 15 (Interaction with youth)
Pope Francis will lead a Mass at the Daejeon World Cup Stadium. The stadium, built for the 2002 World Cup games, can accommodate up to 42,000 people.
As part of efforts of Asian Youth Day, he will lunch with young people at a seminary and meet with more youth at a shrine for Catholic martyrs.
Saturday - August 16 (Beatification)
The Pope will beatify 124 martyrs, many of whom were persecuted from 1791 to 1888.
South Korea's early Catholic history is marked by fierce persecution by the government. Catholicism was viewed as a foreign influence and also a threat to Confucianism, which was the governing social order.
The Catholic Church estimates about 10,000 believers died in the persecutions beginning in late 18th century. Those who refused to denounce their faith were executed. Many of them were tortured and beheaded. One of the most infamous execution sites is Seo So Mun, now located in Seoul.
With his message of embracing the marginalized, the Pope is scheduled to visit Kkottongne, which means flower village. The biggest welfare facility run by the Korean Catholic Church, the program works with homeless, disabled people and substance addicts. The facility includes an adoption center for abandoned disabled infants.
Sunday -- August 17 (Closes Asian Youth Day)
After meeting with Asian bishops from the region, Pope Francis is expected to hold the closing Mass for Asian Youth Day, which is expected to be attended by 2,000 young people.
Monday - August 18 (Mass for Peace and Reconciliation)
After meeting with religious leaders, Pope Francis holds a final Mass for Peace and Reconciliation at Seoul's oldest cathedral, Myeong-dong Cathedral, in Seoul.
Pope Francis is expected to hold a brief farewell ceremony before boarding a flight back to Rome.
READ: The Pope's top 10 tips for happiness
READ: Why the Jesuits (including Pope Francis) are on frontlines of faith
CNN's KJ Kwon contributed to this report.
CMC and Spike at age of 15-17. So, I was drawing Scootaloo and suddenly the idea to draw them all as teenagers struck my head. I really like how this came out and I hope you enjoy.
Scootaloo is still that pert tomboy we all know. She was adopted by Rainbow Dash and Spitfire when they married and currently lives with them. She kind of grew out of her scooter and skateboarding became her new pasion. She loves extreme and tries a lot of tricks and moves every day. She takes part in many competitions and she's got a big team of fans, incleding her own mothers, friend and her sweetheart Truffle Snuffle. Her wings never grew big and she won't ever be able to fly, but Scoots doesn't care and loves herself as she is.
Also, she is very short which is normal for pegasi.
Applebloom didn't change much either. If only became taller and bulkier. She and her friends still help other ponies with their cutie marks, but now she focuses more on her own adventures and researches in life. AB is very determined and stubborn which help her a lot to achive her goals. She's currently not in any relationships and isn't interested in it, but one certain pink pony might have a secret crush on her.
Sweetie Belle is sweet and petite young unicorn who just started her singer career under the wing of famous countess Coloratura. After Sweetie finally decided she wanted to sing on stage, Rarity did everything so her little sis could be tutored by one of her famous clients. Rara is nice teacher and Sweetie really appreciates her.
Spike is her best friend and she just can't help but adore him. They share mutual crush on each other.
Spike's growth spurt was sudden for everyone as they thought that only greed can make a dragon grow, but they were wrong as dragons age very differently from ponies. Spike now is a skinny awkward 17 years old teen. He is only two years older when CMC and he likes to hang out with them. He remains bipedal just like other gragons at his age, but he haven't grew any wings and never will because he's a bit different from other dragons.
I think those four would make a wonderful team and really want to mak an ask blog with them (which will feature other school aged characters). What do you think about this idea?
Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly on Thursday night said Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say he should get less than 10 years in prison MORE is "out of line" for calling the Mexican heritage of a federal judge who is overseeing a fraud lawsuit against Trump University a conflict of interest.
"You tell me — I'm a journalist here at Fox News and I've been doing legal commentary here for 10 years — this is out of line," Kelly told guest Bill Bennett on her show "The Kelly File."
ADVERTISEMENT
"Yeah, it's out of line," Bennett responded. "It's a shame, too, because it was a good day, it was an important day for Trump."
Trump escalated his fight against U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel by telling The Wall Street Journal that the judge had "an absolute conflict" presiding over the case because of his "Mexican heritage."
Trump cited his stance on illegal immigration, saying, "I'm building a wall. It's an inherent conflict of interest."
Kelly, a former attorney, came to the judge's defense, noting the judicial code of conduct prevents the judge from personally responding to Trump.
"People are saying this judge is a member of La Raza, the group that's been protesting Donald Trump. He isn't! He's a member of a Hispanic lawyers association that has no partisan stripes whatsoever," Kelly said.
"Secondly, the man is not Mexican," Kelly said. "His parents are Mexican, he's of Mexican heritage. He was born in Indiana."
"Third, he has no conflict of interest," Kelly said. "Now Donald Trump is saying the judge needs to be investigated, someone should look into him just because he's ruled against Donald Trump in this litigation repeatedly."
"That doesn't make you biased. It doesn't!"
Former Stanford student Brock Turner was released from Santa Clara County jail on Friday after serving three months for sexual assault.
Turner was sentenced to six months in jail in June after he was found guilty of three felony counts of sexually assaulting an unconscious 22-year-old woman outside a fraternity house in January 2015. He was released three months early for good behavior.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The 21-year-old's case ignited fierce debate over campus rape and the criminal justice system. It led California lawmakers to pass a tougher sexual assault law and prompted an effort to recall the judge, the Associated Press reports.
Turner told authorities he plans to live with his parents in his native Ohio, where it will be on probation for three years and must register as a sex offender for life. Lawyers say the requirement will make it difficult for him to find jobs and housing.
The judge on his case, Aaron Persky, has faced backlash stemming from his perceived bias in sentencing. More than 1 million people signed petitions calling for his removal from his judicial position. In August, he announced he will no longer hear criminal cases, at his own request.
Write to Kate Samuelson at kate.samuelson@time.com.
Dominique Perez and Keith Sandy will go to trial for the fatal, on-duty shooting of James Boyd, which sparked angry protests in Albuquerque
A judge ruled Tuesday that two New Mexico police officers must stand trial on murder charges in the fatal, on-duty shooting of a homeless man that sparked angry protests in Albuquerque and helped lead police to overhaul use of force policies.
Pro tem judge Neil Candelaria said after a nearly two-week preliminary hearing that there was probable cause for the murder case against officer Dominique Perez and former detective Keith Sandy to go to trial.
'A no-brainer': activists hail murder charge against two Albuquerque police Read more
Prosecutors filed murder charges against the two officers in the killing of 38-year-old James Boyd, who authorities say had schizophrenia. He was shot during an hours-long standoff in the foothills of the Sandia Mountains, where police accused him of camping illegally. He died at a hospital after his arm was amputated.
Seven police officers around the country have faced murder charges for on-duty incidents since 2010. One was convicted of manslaughter and assault after a second-degree murder count was dropped. The rest are still in court proceedings.
In the New Mexico ruling, the judge threw out an involuntary manslaughter option. Asked by defense lawyer Sam Bregman what standard he used to justify probable cause, the judge said “what a reasonable police officer in that situation would do”. Special prosecutor Randi McGinn said during the hearing that Perez and Sandy came to the scene with the intent of attacking Boyd during a “paramilitary response”.
“They created the danger. It was not Mr Boyd who came at them,” McGinn told the judge.
Defense lawyers countered that Boyd had threatened officers with two knives and Perez and Sandy had no choice about opening fire.
During the hearing, Bregman, who represents Sandy, questioned K-9 officer Scott Weimerskirch from a four-foot platform to illustrate whether Boyd being on higher ground was a threat to officers. Weimerskirch was at the scene when Boyd was shot. Holding fake knives, Bregman asked if Boyd's position and his actions put officers in danger. Weimerskirch answered yes.
“I was in a helpless position ... trying to control my dog,” Weimerskirch said, crediting Sandy and Perez for saving his life.
Weimerskirch also testified that when he approached Boyd, he ducked because he knew Sandy and Perez would fire at the camper.
Sgt James Fox said officers who arrived at the scene knew basic information about Boyd when they received reports about him camping illegally. But it was unclear from the testimony if Perez and Sandy also knew the details of Boyd's mental illness.
Video of the shooting showed Boyd appearing to surrender before he was shot.
The footage drew national attention to the Albuquerque police department, which was being investigated at the time by the US Justice Department over officers' use of force.
The department was under scrutiny for more than 40 police shootings since 2010.
Shortly after the killing of Boyd last year, Justice Department officials released a harsh report faulting Albuquerque police for excessive force, especially against suspects suffering for mental illness.
The city and the Justice Department later entered an agreement to overhaul policies involving use of force and to appoint a federal monitor to oversee reforms.
Police critics and authorities had been closely watching the preliminary hearing because it's the only time Albuquerque police officers have faced charges in any of the shootings since 2010.
Buy Photo Nashville's mayoral candidates say transit is a priority. (Photo: File / The Tennessean)Buy Photo
Don't wait for any grand mass transit proposals in this year's Nashville mayoral race. You're unlikely to get one.
Candidates aren't identifying a precise route where any future project should go — nor are most identifying the exact mode of public transit that Metro should undertake.
All agree on one thing, though: Vehicular traffic is a problem in Nashville and it is getting worse. And the answer, they say, isn't simply finding a new alternative to get around Nashville neighborhoods.
Some are pushing low-hanging fruit to improve the city's bus system and streets for immediate action. All also contend that a plan involving the entire Middle Tennessee region should be the bigger goal.
This is the transit conversation among the seven viable mayoral hopefuls in a post-Amp Nashville. They've hit the reset button after watching term-limited Mayor Karl Dean retreat this year from his plan for a new bus rapid transit line along West End, Broadway and across the Cumberland River to East Nashville.
Mayoral contenders have sought to learn from mistakes Dean made with his proposal for the $174 million Amp, which ultimately went down as one of the mayor's biggest political defeats. So instead of declaring what should happen next, the say they're looking for direction from Nashvillians.
The Metro Transit Authority is doing much the same as part of its strategic master planning process. The agency, guided by Dean, is prepared to use some funds previously earmarked for the Amp to kick off a series of community meetings that will explore the preference and appetite of residents for high-capacity transit on other corridors besides West End-Broadway. The first meetings are set for April 7.
And yet it would likely come down to the next mayor, who will take the reins from Dean in September, to decide what to pursue.
The candidates on transit
Mayoral candidate Linda Eskind Rebrovick, a former business executive, has discussed practical measures like the installation of real-time adaptive sensors on traffic lights that respond to sensors on roadways to trigger them to green or red. She suggested the city could also offer new cell phone apps to direct drivers to available parking downtown and elsewhere.
Long-term, she believes that Nashville must respond to the projected 1 million new residents set to move to the area by 2035 by thinking about how to improve access from the booming suburbs — Williamson, Rutherford and Montgomery counties, for example — to Nashville.
"Whatever we do, we need to get involvement from the community," Rebrovick said. "We need the input because we need to know who's going to use what. Which transportation do people want to take? Then once we know that, then we go figure out how to fund it versus the other way around."
Funding, of course, looms large for securing a transit system on a regional scale. Early in his term, Dean helped create a Middle Tennessee Mayors Caucus, which today consists of 40 mayors in the region. That group, however, has not identified a way to pay for transit options collectively.
David Fox, a former hedge-fund operator, said ideally a regional plan would be pursued first, noting that sprawl-induced traffic has hampered cities like Atlanta and Houston. But he said he was "struck" by the lack of progress from the mayors caucus in coming to a consensus on funding and which municipalities would participate.
Fox said he doesn't want to "hold hostage our own Nashville-Davidson County transit solution" by waiting for other counties to get on board. He has discussed what he calls an alternative: public-private partnerships, which could include giving CSX, for example, a financial incentive to participate with Metro for use of its rail lines.
"Just think how awesome it would be to have a light-rail system where you could come in from Williamson County or Rutherford County and go to downtown on existing right-of-ways that are already there?" Fox said. "You don't have to fight these legal battles to get the property.
"That's some of the thinking I want to bring to the table," he said of that private-sector model, "not just on infrastructure but on anything that the government needs to do."
Howard Gentry, like others, said he would first look at Metro's current transit option and seek to maximize those. While cost of rail and other transit modes is going to be expensive, he said it must be addressed.
"It's going to be a number that nobody's going to want to deal with, but the truth is, if we don't start it now, it won't happen 10 years from now, it won't happen 20 years from now," Gentry said.
"I'm not going to sit here just because I'm running for mayor and tell you that I have the answer. I don't. But the answer is within our government. It's within our city. It's within our community. And we're going to come together, and we're going to create a real plan and we're going to begin that plan."
Long commutes
There's reason to believe residents will greet the next mayor eager for action. Three out of every five Nashville residents have a work commute that exceeds 20 minutes, according to the 2014 Vital Signs report, created by the Nashville Area Chamber of Commerce and the Nashville Area Metropolitan Planning Organization. More than half of Vitals Signs respondents said they would be willing to dedicate more in taxes to expand options.
Megan Barry, who as an at-large councilwoman voted for preliminary work on the Amp, said Nashville needs to consider a "multi-modal" approach that involves sidewalks, bike lanes and city buses. She said MTA could offer more frequent bus routes and additional connectors while more effectively utilizing real-time information to let commuters know when their bus is to arrive.
For the bigger vision, she said, the next mayor must have urgency and conversations must include other cities and counties.
"We have to be able to make sure that we have transit that gets you in from Murfreesboro, that gets you in from Ashland City, and it does it efficiently, effectively, cheaply and easily," Barry said.
That can only work, she said, if out-of-county transit commuters can then navigate Nashville without a car. "If I can't get around Davidson County, then I'm not leaving my car in Ashland City in the first place," she said.
Attorney Charles Robert Bone said that as mayor he would build off MTA's strategic plan to pursue a "long-term transit vision" that has been vetted by the thousands of Nashvillians who take part in that process. He also called it critical that the city have a "concrete first step that goes corridor by corridor" that recognizes needs of each community.
"We need both an 18-month plan as well an 18-year plan," Bone said. "This must be based on a high-capacity, high-performance regional transportation system.
"I believe we must have an infrastructure plan, which includes transit, that says every community matters, and that we have to get started as soon as possible."
Bill Freeman, a real estate executive, had made clear that he wasn't a fan of the Amp because it was a "solution looking for a problem." The real traffic woes, he said, aren't on West End Avenue but instead on interstates to suburbs like Franklin, Lebanon and Murfreesboro.
As a result, he's also eyeing a regional system — even as he's routinely said he'll be a "jealous advocate" when it comes to business recruitment to Nashville. He contends this wouldn't interfere with reaching an accord with surrounding counties on transit.
"I think you can have both positions," Freeman said. "I think you'll find people in, for example, Wilson County would embrace some kind of mass transit solution that would get them off that hour and fifteen-minute ride during rush hour."
Jeremy Kane, who voiced a preference for Charlotte Avenue over West End for the Amp, said the city needs to enable passengers to use their cell phones to pay bus fares and explore creative ways to boost bus ridership.
As for a regional plan, Kane has pointed to the old Hickory Hollow Mall, the Nashville International Airport and other areas as potential "park and ride" spots en route to Nashville. "We already have the infrastructure in place, in my opinion, to make a regional connection."
Meanwhile, Kane has objected to Freeman's take on regional cooperation for transit, arguing the mayor can't declare competition in one area and cooperation in another.
"We can't stand up on one issue and say it's all about Nashville and with another issue turn around and say, 'No Murfreesboro, I need your help.'"
About this series
Each Monday over the next several weeks, The Tennessean will report on an issue confronting the next mayor of Nashville. Other issues in the series will include:
• Economic incentives and economic development.
• Growth versus historic preservation.
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/1Cd9tbb
On yesterday's Your World, Neil Cavuto opened a discussion about Chris Christie by “asking” if he's “getting cocky” for having “brazenly violated Presidential Prep 101" and having done "something beyond risky.” Charles Gasparino explained that Christie had invited Steve Cohen of SAC Capital to both his public and private election parties. Gasparino described why “It looks really bad.”
Gasparino said:
Monday, SAC Capital, the giant hedge fund, cuts a deal with the government, pleads guilty to securities fraud. SAC's run by Steve Cohen …who's still under criminal investigation. That's Monday of last week. Tuesday, Christie's re-election party. Guess who's one of the people he calls to attend not just the big event, the 2,500 people event, but a private event? It's Steve Cohen. It looks really bad. ...A handful of people …five people, might have been 6, (attended Christie's private dinner). ...(Christie) personally pushed (Cohen) to come. Essentially, he called up Steve Cohen, heard he was depressed after the indictment and the plea deal with the firm and said, …according to one person who knows directly about this, "Get off your rear end," - quote, unquote - "and come down here. I want you here." Cohen was reluctant to go for the obvious optics of it, but Christie said, "Come anyway."
Cavuto took a brief stab at balance. “Well, they could say that he stays loyal to his friends,” he said. However, Cavuto also wondered if Christie had really used the term, "rear end." (Gasparino said that was the phrase quoted to him.)
Cavuto and Gasparino noted that Cohen has not been convicted of any crime. But, Gasparino said, “I spoke to a few campaign consultants (and asked), ‘What do you think about this?' and they'll tell you point blank, this could be a negative ad. If you want to run for President, you probably shouldn't be hanging out with …a guy whose firm has been deemed by the Justice Dept., just hours earlier, a magnet for insider trading.”
Cavuto agreed the picture “doesn't look good.”
“It just gives you an insight into the man. I'm not going to draw conclusions,” Gasparino said.
However, these kinds of “insights” into a Republican, especially a Republican presidential candidate are almost unheard of on Fox.
I wonder what Gov. Christie's relationship with Fox will be now. Will he be interviewed on Your World if Cavuto asks?
Is it Toronto's iconic blue Maple Leafs logo? What about the green wave that marks Saskatchewan Roughrider fans?
When it comes to the brand strength of Canadian professional sports franchises, according to a recent survey, another team tops them both: the bleu, blanc et rouge of the Montreal Canadiens.
An independent poll by Insightrix Research polled 2,700 Canadian sports fans - 300 in each of nine major cities - in what was called a "sports brand equity index." Fans were asked questions regarding five key metrics: first team that comes to mind, respect for the team, perception of the most loyal fans, team popularity and stadium/arena atmosphere. Each of these attributes had an assigned weight based on their impact on the team's brand equity.
Fans were also asked to predict the outcome of the survey in each metric, which the company says gives a more accurate measurement of the brand's strength.
The Canadiens came out on top, with the Maple Leafs second and the Roughriders third. Toronto's Blue Jays and Raptors finished fourth and fifth, respectively.
Mario Caceres, senior research executive for Insightrix, discussed the Maple Leafs' high placement on the list despite the club's lack of recent success on the ice.
"It's amazing to see a team that has not won anything in such a long time come in second across Canada," he said. "Winning helps, but it's not the only factor a team's brand should focus on."
Of the 10 spots on the list, six were taken by NHL teams, with the Edmonton Oilers the only franchise left off. The Montreal Alouettes were the only CFL team besides the Roughriders to make the list.
The complete list is below:
1. Montreal Canadiens
2. Toronto Maple Leafs
3. Saskatchewan Roughriders
4. Toronto Blue Jays
5. Toronto Raptors
6. Winnipeg Jets
7. Vancouver Canucks
8. Calgary Flames
9. Ottawa Senators
10. Montreal Alouettes
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — The Minnesota Supreme Court on Wednesday reversed the impaired driving convictions of a woman who was found slumped over in her car on three occasions after allegedly inhaling compressed air from a can.
The chemical in the can — 1,1-Difluoroethane, or DFE — was found in the woman's system, and she was convicted of three counts of operating a motor vehicle while under the influence of a hazardous substance.
But the Supreme Court overturned her convictions because DFE is not listed as a hazardous substance under Minnesota's driving-while-impaired statute.
“We acknowledge that based on our holding today, a driver dangerously intoxicated by DFE is not criminally liable under the plain language of the current DWI statutes,” Justice Natalie Hudson wrote for the majority. She said it's up to the Legislature to refine the law.
DFE is found in refrigerated-based propellant cans, commonly sold under the brand name Dust-Off, that are used to clean computer keyboards and electronics.
Each time the woman, Chantel Lynn Carson, was found in her car — slumped over, passed out, slurring and with bloodshot eyes — she had one or more of those cans with her.
In arguing that her convictions should be upheld, the state said that while Minnesota's occupational safety and health rule on hazardous substances does not specifically list DFE, the rule also says it “does not include all hazardous substances and will not always be current.”
The rule also includes a list of “characteristics” that would make a substance hazardous. The state argued that DFE has many of those characteristics and falls into that category.
But the Supreme Court disagreed, saying the statute plainly says that the types of hazardous substances that can lead to a driving-while-impaired conviction are limited to those specifically listed.
Justice Anne McKeig dissented, saying DFE has the characteristics of a hazardous substance even though it's not mentioned by name.
“Under the court's interpretation of the statute, Minnesotans may inhale Dust-Off and then drive at their pleasure while endangering their fellow citizens,” she wrote. “This impunity cannot be what the Legislature intended.”
Carson's attorney, Lydia Villalva Lijo, said in a statement that the decision was great news for her client.
“She continues to work hard every day to contribute in positive ways to her community and to keep her life on track,” she said. “It has been a hard road and we should encourage her progress.”
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Perillos being forced into the brazen bull that he built for Phalaris.
The brazen bull, bronze bull, or Sicilian bull, was allegedly a torture and execution device designed in ancient Greece.[1] According to Diodorus Siculus, recounting the story in Bibliotheca historica, Perillos of Athens invented and proposed it to Phalaris, the tyrant of Akragas, Sicily, as a new means of executing criminals.[2] The bull was said to be made entirely out of bronze, hollow, with a door in one side.[3] According to legends the brazen bull was designed in the form and size of an actual bull and had an acoustic apparatus that converted screams into the sound of a bull. The condemned were locked inside the device, and a fire was set under it, heating the metal until the person inside was roasted to death. Some modern scholars question if the brazen bull ever really existed, attributing reports of the invention to early propaganda.[4]
Creation of the brazen bull for Phalaris [ edit ]
The brazen bull (left) depicted on an old engraving
The head of the bull was designed with a system of tubes and stops so that the prisoner's screams were converted into sounds like the bellowing of an infuriated bull. Phalaris is said to have commanded that the bull be designed in such a way that its smoke rose in spicy clouds of incense.[citation needed] According to legend, when the bull was reopened after a body was charred, the victim's scorched bones then "shone like jewels and were made into bracelets."[5]
Stories allege after finishing construction on the execution device, Perillos said to Phalaris: "His screams will come to you through the pipes as the tenderest, most pathetic, most melodious of bellowings." Perillos believed he would receive a reward for his invention. Instead, Phalaris, who was disgusted by these words, ordered its horn sound system to be tested by Perillos himself, tricking him into getting in the bull. When Perillos entered, he was immediately locked in and the fire was set, so that Phalaris could hear the sound of his screams. Before Perillos could die, Phalaris opened the door and took him away. After freeing him from the bull, Phalaris is then said to have taken Perillos to the top of a hill and thrown him off, killing him. Phalaris himself is claimed to have been killed in the brazen bull when he was overthrown by Telemachus, the ancestor of Theron.[citation needed]
Pindar, who lived less than a century afterwards, expressly associates this instrument of torture with the name of the tyrant Phalaris.[6]
Roman persecution of Christians [ edit ]
The Romans were reputed to have used this torture device to kill some Christians, notably Saint Eustace, who, according to Christian tradition, was roasted in a brazen bull with his wife and children by Emperor Hadrian. The same happened to Saint Antipas, Bishop of Pergamon during the persecutions of Emperor Domitian and the first martyr in Asia Minor, who was roasted to death in a brazen bull in AD 92.[7] The device is claimed to have still been in use two centuries later, when another Christian, Pelagia of Tarsus, is said to have been burned in one in 287 by the Emperor Diocletian.[citation needed]
The Catholic Church discounts the story of Saint Eustace's martyrdom as "completely false".[8]
Francesco Ferdinandi , The Martyrdom of St. Eustace. Behind the main altar at the Church of Sant'Eustachio, Rome, this painting follows the narrative in the Golden Legend : For refusing to sacrifice to the gods, Saint Eustace and his wife and sons are to be executed in a brazen bull.
Visigothic kingdom of Toulouse [ edit ]
According to the Chronica caesaraugustana, Burdunellus, a Roman usurper, was roasted in a brazen bull by the king Alaric II in 497.
In media [ edit ]
The 2011 film Immortals shows three maidens of an oracle being tortured in a brazen bull.
The 2011 film Red Riding Hood features a nearly identical device, albeit in the form of an elephant.
The 2010 movie Saw 3D shows a woman dying in a device similar to a brazen bull.
The 2010 video game Amnesia: The Dark Descent features a brazen bull previously used as a torture device.
The third season of 1000 Ways To Die features a segment (titled "My Big Fat Greek Death") on the story of Perillos of Athens demonstrating the device, and becoming the first victim of his invention.
The 2014 movie A Pigeon Sat on a Branch Reflecting on Existence features a torture device similar to a brazen bull used to kill many people at once.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes
Bibliography
Diehl, Daniel; Donnelly, Mark P. (2008), The Big Book of Pain: Punishment and Torture Through History , The History Press, ISBN 978-0-7509-4583-7
Thompson, Irene (2008), The A to Z of Punishment and Torture: From Amputations to Zero Tolerance, Book Guild Publishing, ISBN 978-1-84624-203-8
Media related to Bronze Bull at Wikimedia Commons
A DRINK-DRIVER showed off his driving skills by performing handbrake turns and wheel spins at 3.30am, York Crown Court heard.
Only after Aigars Danilans had done several "doughnuts" and screeched his car round a few times did he find out that he was in a police station car park.
Graham O'Sullivan, prosecuting, said a police sergeant had watched all of the 21-year-old's antics from his own car and when the builder sped towards him put on his blue lights and with help from a second sergeant boxed him in.
Danilans was more than twice the drink drive limit and didn't have insurance for his driving.
The offences were committed at Fulford Road Police Station during the annual police Christmas anti-drink driving campaign.
Latvian speaking Danilans, of Sand Lane, Wilberfoss near Pocklington, pleaded guilty to dangerous driving, drink driving and driving without insurance.
Recorder Tahir Khan QC told him: "I accept this was you just showing off and behaving in a very immature way but what you did was serious, justifying the passing of a custodial sentence."
He gave him a 12-month prison sentence, suspended for 12 months on condition he does 140 hours' unpaid work, banned him from driving for 22 months and ordered him to take an extended driving test before driving alone again.
He also ordered him to pay the prosecution costs of £340 and a £115 statutory surcharge.
"I am very sorry," Danilans, who represented himself, said as sentence was passed. He followed proceedings with help from a Latvian translator.
Mr O'Sullivan said Danilans was driving a blue Rover at 3.30am on December 18 that belonged to his mother and for which he was not insured.
He spoke to a couple of men by the side of the road outside the car park, and as the sergeant in a police car waited at a give way sign accelerated into the car park, performed a series of manoeuvres that finished with him stopping immediately behind the police car.
The police then intervened. A breath test gave a reading of 82 micrograms of alcohol in 100 millilitres of breath. The legal limit is 35.
Danilans told police he had had four cans of beer and didn't know York well.
If Trump Is Traveling And A Pilot Strays, Fighter Jets Will Follow
Enlarge this image toggle caption Master Sergeant Mark W. Fortin/U.S. Air Force Master Sergeant Mark W. Fortin/U.S. Air Force
A lone, single-engine Cessna airplane enters restricted airspace. The pilot ignores air traffic control, so the plane stays on course. That's when the F-16 fighter jet shows up outside the window with a warning call that blares over the radio: "You've been intercepted."
This is what happened during a training exercise recorded by the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association, and conducted by the Civil Air Patrol and the Colorado Air National Guard.
Air Force alert pilots practice this regularly, in part to protect the commander in chief. Since Sept. 11, 2001, traveling U.S. presidents get a flight restriction with a radius that spans 30 nautical miles.
Sometimes, general aviation pilots breach that airspace.
It's already happened since President Trump started visiting his so-called "Southern White House" at Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach, Fla. The FAA reports that 38 aircraft have violated the temporary flight restriction near Palm Beach since February.
In total, nine of those violations resulted in intercepts, which means fighter jets scrambled to flank the aircraft and escort the plane out of restricted airspace. One of the incidents involved an unresponsive plane intercepted by a pair of F-15s that had to fly at supersonic speed.
Civil Air Patrol YouTube
Since Sept. 11, 2001, the North American Aerospace Defense Command has conducted more than 1,800 flight intercepts of commercial and general aviation aircraft.
Brig. Gen. Paul Ormsby is responsible for air defense readiness over the continental U.S. He says most airspace violators fit a common profile.
"Quite frankly, they're innocent folks," Ormsby says. "They have no ill-intent. They just simply wandered into the area without realizing that they're in it."
That moment of realization is caught on an audio recording posted on LiveATC.net. A Cessna pilot flies into President Obama's restricted airspace. He gets a call from air traffic control:
"You're in the temporary flight restriction area, are you aware of that, sir?"
The pilot immediately responds: "Uh, no, sir. I am not."
The pilot is then informed that the F-16s shadowing his airplane have intercepted him. The pilot apologizes for the trouble and air traffic control gives him a new heading to a nearby runway.
"Cleared to land," the voice says over the radio. "I think there are some people who are going to want to talk to you."
Enlarge this image toggle caption SSgt. Shane Heiser/U.S. Air Force SSgt. Shane Heiser/U.S. Air Force
"Once you land, the law enforcement response is swift," Melissa Rudinger says. She's the vice president of government and regulatory affairs with the Aircraft Owners and Pilots Association. "You're facedown on the concrete, probably surrounded by a couple of weapons until they can get everything sorted out."
Rudinger has witnessed flight intercepts outside her office window at Frederick Municipal Airport in Maryland.
"Typically, nobody's arrested and the person's interviewed and they're free to go," she says.
The penalty is usually a suspended license. And these interceptions aren't cheap. According to the Air Force, the operating cost of a fighter jet can run as high as $34,000 per hour.
Plus, the FAA constantly updates flight restrictions on what's called a Notice to Airmen, or NOTAM. Pilots should always know the areas to avoid along their flight path.
Still, Rudinger says every time the president leaves Washington, there will likely be airspace violations.
"Especially if the president has a propensity to go somewhere where there are a lot of airports — a lot of air traffic activity like Florida, like the Palm Beach coast," she says. "That's a huge general aviation area in this country."
Rudinger says it's clear that Trump likes to be on the go, so she expects these flight restrictions will continue to be a problem.
MUMBAI: The court grew silent on Friday around 12.45pm as the trial judge sentenced four convicts to life imprisonment till death for gang-raping a 19-year-old telephone operator last July.The sentence for the convicts in the case of the gang-rape of the 23-year-old photojournalist will be decided on March 24. Special public prosecutor Ujjwal Nikam sought invocation of an additional charge against three of the convicts who were common to both the cases. The charge of section 376 E of Indian Penal Code (IPC) which he sought to add is to mark them as "repeat offenders in a rape case". The section provides for death sentence as maximum punishment for such repeat offenders in rape and gang-rape cases.Though Nikam did not elaborate on the reason behind his application to add the new charge, legal experts say it is clearly because it attracts a higher penalty for repeat offenders. The court, presided by principal sessions judge Shalini Phansalkar Joshi who sentenced the four convicts to life sentence till the remainder of their natural life, adjourned the matter to March 24 when it would decide the plea to add the additional charge in the photojournalist's case at the Shakti Mills compound.The crime against the telephone operator had occurred on July 31, 2013 while that against the photojournalist, on August 23, less than a month later. However, the photojournalist filed an FIR immediately, inspiring and emboldening the operator to also file her complaint a month after she was attacked in a brutal manner at the same abandoned Shakti Mills compound, near Mahalakshmi railway station in south Mumbai.The three convicts common to both the cases are: Vijay Jadhav (19), Salim Ansari (27) Kasim Shaikh alias Kasim Bangali (20). Additionally, Ashfaque Shaikh is an accused in the July 31 case and Siraj Khan is an accused in the August 23 case. The fate of the three — Jadhav, Kasim and Ansari — would be decided again on March 24. The prosecutor said he would "develop" on the application if the court accepts it. The IPC section clearly provides for death for a convict who has been previously convicted in a gang-rape case. Since the conviction on Thursday of the trio in the case filed by the telephone operator, their conviction again in the second case filed by the photojournalist and tried separately makes them repeat offenders is the argument the state has advanced. If accepted, the prosecutor is likely to seek death penalty for the three. The fourth convict in the case of the photojournalist would be liable to maximum life imprisonment under the law.When sentencing arguments started in the case of the telephone operator, the convicts themselves pleaded leniency, some in tears, citing family and children as responsibilities. Their lawyer also cited poverty as a mitigating factor and the fact that "society" did not accept them and the raw deal they got with lack of education and proper guidance and influence in their formative years. "Two of them are barely out of their teens. Their youth and easy access to negative influence of pornographic material make them good candidates for "reformation" rather than retribution," the defence lawyers stressed.But Nikam, who then commenced his plea for the maximum punishment of life imprisonment their crime attracted, said the law was amended to make minimum sentence also a 20-year period because the crime is so heinous and it leaves behind a mental scar on the survivors. He said the convicts were "shameless" and showed no remorse.Nikam said, "July 31, 2013, was the most hateful day in the life of the 19-year-old victim, a telephone operator, who was assaulted and raped by young men." "She was forced to leave Mumbai and go to her native place as she couldn't face up and tell her mother, and she returned only a month later. All she had done was to take the Mills as a short cut to the station with her then boyfriend."Nikam sought maximum punishment till the end of their natural lives. "The victim is suffering from post-traumatic stress and the accused are shameless," Nikam said, demanding, "All four accused in the telephone operator case must be imprisoned for the remainder of their lives". The court, after hearing both sides, did just that and sentenced them for their entire remaining life in prison.The section deals with punishment for repeat offenders in rape cases. It provides for death by hanging as the maximum punishment or life imprisonment till death, to a person who has been previously convicted in a rape or gang-rape case or who has been convicted earlier in a rape case where he inflicted injuries that causes death of the woman or puts her in a persistent vegetative state.
Indonesia on Monday sentenced three members of China's Uighur minority to six years in prison after they were caught trying to join an extremist group affiliated with the Islamic State group. They were also ordered to pay $7,535 each or face six additional months in custody.
The court heard that the men were arrested in September for attempting to meet Abu Wardah Santoso, who heads the Eastern Indonesia Mujahideen group on the central island of Sulawesi. Santoso is accused of killing several Indonesian police officers and has pledged his group's allegiance to ISIS.
Presiding judge Kun Marioso of the North Jakarta district court said that Ahmet Mahmut, Antinci Bayram and Tuzer Abdul Basit were part of an "evil conspiracy," according to Agence France-Presse. Marioso said that the defendants had conspired with a Santoso-led group in Central Sulawesi and had broken immigration laws by using fake Turkish passports.
"The defendants came to Indonesia with the intention of joining Eastern Indonesia Mujahideen and carrying out acts of terror," he said.
The defendants were arrested along with another Uighur man named Ahmet Bozoglan and three unnamed Indonesian men. These men are reportedly scheduled to be tried separately.
Indonesian authorities initially thought the four men were from Turkey, which has linguistic and ethnic ties to the Uighur homeland of Xinjiang province, in northwestern China.
Since 2009, a growing number of Uighur migrants, who are chafing under restrictive travel policies in China, have left the country hoping to escape what they say is systematic discrimination from Chinese authorities. Beijing has accused some members of the Muslim Uighur community of joining ISIS and returning home to engage in terrorist acts.
A group of over 100 Uighurs were recently deported from Thailand to China, triggering mass protests in Turkey and an attack on the Thai consulate in Ankara.
Indonesia is home to the world's largest Muslim population -- 225 million people -- and has struggled to contain a growing tide of Islamic extremism.
British actor Idris Elba may have to get used to ordering his Martinis shaken, not stirred, after an email leaked in the Sony hack suggested that a top executive wants him to be the next James Bond.
In an email dated Jan. 4, Amy Pascal, chairman of Sony Pictures Entertainment's motion pictures group, wrote to Elizabeth Cantillon, former executive vice president of production for Columbia Pictures, which distributes the Bond films, simply saying: “Idris should be the next bond,” according to a report from The Daily Beast.
There has been speculation for some time that Elba, 42, was a possible replacement when the current Bond, Daniel Craig, departs the franchise. A Facebook group called "We Want Idris Elba For James Bond" has 30,000 members.
Craig is currently filming “Spectre,” his fourth screen outing as the iconic British spy. He is contracted to appear in one more Bond film after “Spectre,” according to The Guardian.
Elba made his name in gritty HBO drama “The Wire,” and has gone on to appear in a number of high-profile Hollywood movies, including “Mandela: Long Walk To Freedom,” and “Pacific Rim.”
He has also previously expressed a desire to take up the role. In a Reddit AMA question-and-answer session, he told a poster who asked if he would accept the role: “Yes, if it was offered to me, absolutely.”
Elba would be the seventh actor to play the celebrated spy on the big screen, and the first black man to take the role.
The Bond movie franchise, which began in 1962, is one of the most successful in cinema history, bested only, in terms of box office receipts, by the Marvel Universe and Harry Potter films.
The number of British-born people applying for Irish passports on the basis of their ancestry has risen sharply in the past year as fears about Britain leaving the European Union have increased.
The Irish Department of Foreign Affairs has confirmed that thousands of British citizens who qualify under ancestry rules have applied.
In the last year the number of adults has risen to 3,736, an 11 percent rise. Even at the Irish grandparent level the numbers have risen by 33 percent.
The Guardian newspaper interviewed several British citizens as to why they were taking up Irish citizenship.
Kevin Warnes, a teacher from West Yorkshire, stated that Britain possibly leaving the EU after the June referendum had motivated him.
“I have two children and I want them to retain their EU citizenship. I want them to be able to travel, live and work freely in a Europe of open borders, to explore their near world with as much liberty as possible.”
Siobhan Mooney from London has never even been to Ireland but told the Guardian she was getting “quite panicky” at the prospect of a British withdrawal. “I thought, well, if I get my Irish passport then at least if the UK is kicked out I've got some legal protection if I want to go and enjoy free movement in Europe.” She said she knew at least two other people who were considering doing the same thing.
Glen O'Hara, a professor of modern and contemporary history at Oxford Brookes University, said, "It's nice to know that there's a fallback position in case Britons really do prove willing to give up their rights as European Union citizens”.
“I am a European Union citizen as things stand, I regard myself as a European and I don't see why anyone else has the right to drag me out of that. So I'm thinking of taking a relatively painless joint citizenship route to ensure that I can keep my EU identity and rights, whatever other UK citizens decide.”
Experts say there will be a flood of British applications if Britain ultimately decides to pull out.
Read more: A guide on moving to Ireland in case Donald Trump is elected
The unions representing more than 50,000 Nova Scotia government employees say the province plans on mandating that all future labour agreements be at least five years in length and that there will no new money to spend on labour — the latter point being a claim the province is denying.
On Tuesday afternoon, the province's new finance minister, Randy Delorey, met with union leaders to deliver its initial demands for collective bargaining as the province heads into negotiation with every teacher, nurse and civil servant in the province.
"I think we're still in shock, quite honestly," said Joan Jessome, the president of the Nova Scotia Government and General Employees Union.
She says Delorey was very creative in the language he used, which forced unions to read between the lines.
On wage increases, the unions say any increases members attain will have to balanced out by reductions elsewhere in their compensation.
"He said, 'There's no money and if there is money, it depends on what the unions bring to the employer on savings,'" said Jessome.
Delorey disputes the idea there will be no new money to be spent on labour.
"What I indicated is that we wouldn't be increasing taxes," he said.
Delorey said increased tax revenue could come just from general revenue growth.
The union leaders all say no new money would lead to an exodus of government workers and young people leaving the province.
Janet Hazelton, the president of the Nova Scotia Nurses' Union, says other provinces would come and poach Nova Scotia nurses.
She says she recognizes there needs to be change in Nova Scotia, but the unions want to be part of the discussion on how to achieve that.
"We don't want to be told," she said.
'That's not respecting collective bargaining'
Lana Payne, Unifor's Atlantic director, says that when you approach labour leaders and say there will be certain conditions under which bargaining will take place, that isn't acting in good faith.
"That's not respecting collective bargaining," she said.
Delorey, however, said he entered today's discussions in good faith.
"I think it's unfortunate that's the way they felt about the process," he said.
Union leaders also warned that if they can't reach labour agreements with the province, the government will introduce legislation forcing them to, a claim Delorey dodged.
"The province is committed to working through the collective bargaining process," he said.
This year is expected to be a challenging year for public sector contract negotiations in Nova Scotia because there are many expired collective agreements.
In a letter to the unions sent last week, Delorey said the province is facing a "stark fiscal reality" and that taxpayers are not interested in contributing more money.
The Liberal government has been at odds with several major Nova Scotia unions.
Last year, there were protests outside the legislature as the government passed its controversial essential services law.
The government also faced off with health-care unions over plans to reorganize bargaining units following the merger of health authorities across the province. The province finally came to a deal in March.
Nova Scotia's public sector employs roughly 50,000 workers.
Miasma has one of the more intriguing premises for a horror game I've seen lately. You're stranded on a tropical island where one very specific creature is doggedly hunting you down.
You play as a scientist who's fallen victim to a plague on a long-abandoned island called Eden. Your only hope is to search for a cure, as well as your missing colleagues who set up an outpost there. As you explore the island, you'll have to run experiments on gathered plants and fungi to determine their medicinal value.
Incredibly, Miasmata was developed by just two brothers, Joe and Bob Johnson, the former of whom created the game's proprietary "MILO" engine. Operating under the name IonFX, Miasmata has been a labour of love for the brothers Johnson who have spent the last four years working on it and it shows. The game looks stunning for being developed by such a small team and can hold its own against several larger developers from a visual standpoint.
Since Miasmata is so heavily based around one creature's AI there's been a lot of attention given to this aspect. "He responds to sounds, smell, and has a vision-cone," Bob Johnson explained to Eurogamer. "You can duck behind trees and rocks and things, and you can also hide in tall grasses and bushes. Objects on the ground have different properties, so if you step on some crunchy sticks or leaves, he may become more aware of you."
When asked if you'll have any way to fight back, Bob responded, "The creature is invincible, but you will have to fight him sometimes in order to get an opportunity to flee. You can use rocks, sticks, knives, torches, etc. to attack him. This may scare him away for awhile. You can also throw objects in another direction and that may distract him. You'll throw a torch, for example, and his head will follow it and he may go investigate it. He'll become progressively more dangerous as you go through the game."
Outside of evasion, explorations will play a key role as players will have to use landmarks to determine their position on the giant island. "There are notes and little hand-drawn maps the player will discover that begin to populate points-of-interest on the player's map," Bob explained. These can be used to triangulate one's position and reveal a small portion of the map. "Once the player's triangulated himself, he can then sight 'unknown' landmarks in the distance. If he sights an 'unknown' landmark from two different vantage points, that landmark will then become 'known', and thus revealed on the map."
It's a very ambitious game and Bob Johnson estimated it will take most players about 12 hours to complete.
Miasma has already been greenlit on Steam Greenlight and will be released on GOG as well for PC on 28th November.
For now, see Miasmata in action in the new trailer below.
The St. Louis Park family had just started a two-month vacation with relatives in Morocco in 2015 when they noticed that their 18-year-old son was on his cellphone even more than usual.
He told them it was just a distraction while adjusting to the Casablanca area, a place he found more hectic than his suburban hometown.
But within days, Abdelhamid Al-Madioum had disappeared.
His parents now know that the young man had secretly booked a flight to Istanbul, on his way to Syria to join the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS).
His case, laid out in newly unsealed court filings, is the first new disclosure of a young Minnesotan attempting the terrorism pilgrimage since the high-profile prosecution of nine Twin Cities men drew national attention last year.
And while that case seemed to close a chapter on one of the FBI's biggest terror recruitment probes, the new documents underscore what federal authorities have been quietly saying for months: Their investigation of terrorist recruiting in Minnesota is far from finished.
In addition to Al-Madioum's case, the Star Tribune has identified at least five other open investigations alleging ISIS support in Minnesota, with cases from 2015 to as recently as late last year.
Officials from the FBI and the U.S. attorney's office in Minneapolis would not comment on Al-Madioum's case. But search warrant affidavits reviewed by the Star Tribune outline an intricate plan by the young man, including months of careful preparation involving money transfers and border crossings.
Searching his bedroom in St. Louis Park, FBI agents found handwritten notes with a sketch of the symbol that adorns the ISIS flag, next to the word “allegiance” written in Arabic.
In another, the young man wrote: “If we leave the U.S. with no one stopping us, we have succeeded.”
Secret plans
Al-Madioum, a naturalized U.S. citizen, was to spend two months with his family visiting relatives in Morocco in June 2015. His parents later told investigators that he skipped dinner on July 7 and said he wasn't feeling well, but still prayed and visited with family until going to bed about 3 a.m.
The next day, finding him gone, relatives scoured local hospitals and police stations, according to the FBI's search warrant application. Their home's front-door key was missing, as were Al-Madioum's cellphone and passport. His other possessions had been left behind.
Soon, Moroccan officials told the family that Al-Madioum had booked a flight to Turkey that left Casablanca hours after they last saw him. In many cases, according to an agent's sworn affidavit, aspiring ISIS militants try to cross into Syria by first traveling to Istanbul.
After several failed attempts to reach their son by text and social media, the family went to the U.S. Consulate to ask for the FBI's help, according to the search warrant. On Aug. 21, they returned home without him.
Meanwhile, the family allowed the FBI to search its home in St. Louis Park. Agents retrieved three laptops and two hard drives, along with pages of handwritten notes in Al-Madioum's bedroom.
The notes showed that Al-Madioum had created a “flow chart” of how he planned to route money through alternative bank accounts to make sure he had access to funds “should his travel plans become obstructed.” He listed “Ali's account,” PayPal, MoneyGram and “paying someone on the spot” among his options, according to the FBI's search warrant application.
He also wrote down questions like the maximum withdrawal limit for his check card and how to prove his identity over the phone. The FBI said Al-Madioum also appeared to write out a “rehearsed backstop story” should border officials question him as he tried to enter Turkey.
Al-Madioum's family has since moved out of St. Louis Park. A woman and man who answered the phone at a new Twin Cities-area address listed for the family declined to comment for this story.
The FBI's investigation into the case is still open, and a spokesman declined to comment on the case.
Eighth local identified
Al-Madioum's motivation remains a mystery, but he was far from alone. The year he vanished was a banner year for people traveling overseas to join ISIS or being stopped from doing so by authorities, according to Seamus Hughes, deputy director of the George Washington University Program on Extremism.
“It was also the height of ISIS messaging, so it's probably a fair assessment that [he] traveled because he perceived an obligation to join the so-called caliphate,” Hughes said.
Authorities believed Al-Madioum was in touch with one or more ISIS recruiters via social media or e-mail, according to an agent's search warrant application. It is unclear what agents found on the electronic devices.
Hughes said he would be surprised if there was not an element of “peer-to-peer” recruitment, as with the young Somali-Minnesotans who plotted to go to Syria in 2014 and 2015. “If not, this is truly an outlier,” he said.
Al-Madioum is now the eighth Minnesotan identified as being under suspicion of leaving his family behind to join ISIS.
The FBI has said that it has 1,000 counterterrorism investigations open, spanning all 50 states, and Minnesota has seen more than most. Three of the suspected Minnesota travelers have been charged and nine others convicted of trying to follow them.
Since 2015, the flow of Americans trying to join the terror group overseas has slowed to a trickle of just one or two per month. That may reflect a shift in recruitment messaging: As it has lost territory in Syria and Iraq, ISIS has been encouraging its followers to commit attacks in their home countries.
‘Sign of life' call
Al-Madioum, who would now be 20, studied engineering at Normandale Community College from June 2014 to May 2015. According to the search warrant, he also worked part-time for the college's IT department. But little else is known publicly about him. A Facebook page with most of its content made private lists an Al-Madioum from St. Louis Park as having also attended Hopkins High School.
The only post that shows up publicly on this page notes that in April 2011 he “liked” an article on “BroBible” called “The Stoner Bucket List: 20 things to do for 4/20.”
Four days after Al-Madioum's family returned from vacation, in August 2015, Al-Madioum called them twice.
FBI agents speaking with family on the following day learned that at first he hesitated to tell them where he was, but “eventually claimed to be working in a hospital in Mosul, Iraq,” which had been under ISIS control for more than a year at that point.
The FBI said that phone calls, which came 48 days after Al-Madioum disappeared in Morocco, fit a pattern: New ISIS recruits are allowed to place a “sign of life” call back home after about 30 to 45 days of “basic training.”
“During these calls, ISIL recruits will misinform loved ones about their locations and their activities so as not to cause distress to loved ones,” a member of the FBI's joint terrorism task force, using another common acronym for the terror group, wrote in an October 2015 search warrant application.
When asked by phone to discuss the family's last contact with Al-Madioum, a relative replied, “I'd rather not, sir.”
Stephen Montemayor • 612-673-1755
Twitter: @smontemayor
Last year, roleplaying game (RPG) company Arc Dream Publishing successfully Kickstarted a new standalone edition of the classic Call of Cthulhu game setting Delta Green. For those who are not familiar with the game: Delta Green is “Cthulhu Mythos as government conspiracy” horror. Players took the role of members of a rogue organization hidden inside the federal government; one dedicated to horribly dying in order to keep the Mythos at bay for just a brief, cosmically insignificant bit longer. It's widely considered to be one of the best RPG settings ever made, which is why the Kickstarter rather easily got funded.
Being one of the backers, I just got my PDF copy of the Agent's Handbook. This is not a review of that book; it's more of a look at how things and assumptions have changed since the first edition of Delta Green. Which is perhaps unsurprising: after all, our perception of the world has drastically changed since the 1990s. As has our conception of what is considered “horrific.”
The most obvious change in the setting (and this has been discussed by the authors of the game itself) is, of course, coming to terms with the 9/11 attacks. The 1990s Delta Green was unquestionably a horror game; but it was a horror game set in what was, in retrospect, a ten-year American holiday from consequence. The Cold War was over, and we had won; and while you can easily still have a horror campaign in a setting like that, it requires a certain mindset and attitude. In this particular case, the theme of the old-school Delta Green was very much ‘poisoned chalice': Look beneath the surface of everything you love and respect, and you will see nothing but corruption and chaos.
- Irving police arrested a man accused of compelling a 15-year-old runaway teen from Irving into prostitution and forcing her to have sex with over 20 men.
Richard Lee Dixon, 35, was arrested by Irving PD on Wednesday and charged with trafficking a child and compelling prostitution.
Police say the 15-year-old runaway met Dixon in the Pleasant Grove area in early November after she was reported missing on Oct. 23.
According to the arrest warrant, Dixon enticed the young girl into prostitution and rented two motel rooms at Studio 6 Dallas for the commercial sex acts. Dixon introduced the teen to “Yvette,” who was responsible for training the runaway in the prostitution business and managing phone calls from clients.
Dixon took several nude photos of the teen and “Yvette” posing together and placed sexual ads for them on backpage.com, accord to the warrant.
Police say Dixon forced the runaway to have sex with over 20 men and physically abused her on several occasions. The warrant says Dixon punched the teen in the face for not making enough money and branded her by burning her on the shoulder and buttocks with a lit cigarette.
The girl was able to escape form Dixon and was later found by Dallas police on November 9. She was found bruised, without shoes and had the same clothes on that she was wearing in the online ad.
Dixon remains in the Irving Jail on a $250,000 bond. Police believe he had other victims and are asking them to come forward. Anyone with information is urged to contact Irving PD at (972) 273-1010.
The San Francisco-based company told the news agency AFP that its rules prohibit "violent threats, harassment, hateful conduct." It already prohibits hate speech based on race, gender, religion, disability or sexual orientation.
On Tuesday the financially ailing company rolled out a new tool to stop harassment by "trolls" with an expanded "mute" feature that enables users to block accounts sending inappropriate messages. Users will be able to eliminate - or mute - notifications based on keywords, phrases or entire conversations they are not interested in seeing.
"The amount of abuse, bullying, and harassment we've seen across the internet has risen sharply over the past few years," Twitter said as it announced the suspensions.
Twitter support staff have been retrained on its policies and internal processes have been tuned to deal more effectively with reports of abusive behavior, with a goal of being faster and more transparent in handling situations, Twitter said.
In February it suspended over 125,000 accounts, most of them linked to the Islamic State group.
Freedom of speech
US president-elect Donald Trump's new chief strategist Stephen Bannon has come under scrutiny for alleged ties to the the alt-right
Online social media has long struggled to balance free speech with cyber-bullying.
Twitter has been criticized for not stopping abusive behavior on its platform. The Southern Poverty Law Center - a non-profit organization that tracks what it views as hate groups and other extremists - asked Twitter to remove over 100 accounts of white supremacists.
The right reacts
The accounts include that of Richard Spencer, a leader in a so-called 'alt-right' movement in the US and accounts associated with his magazine and think tank.
Spencer reacted in a style familiar to those that know him, saying in a video posted on YouTube that the move was akin to the 1934 Night of the Long Knives in Nazi Germany. "I think Twitter, Facebook and others are deeply triggered by this election and that social media helped elect Trump."
"It is corporate Stalinism; there is a great purge going on … I am alive physically but digitally speaking there has been execution squads across the alt-right," Spencer said.
Spencer has advocated for the creation of a white "ethnostate" in North America or Europe.
The movement was prominent during the US presidential campaign, and since Republican nominee Donald Trump named Steve Bannon (pictued above) - who formerly headed Breitbart News, a website that has been deemed a voice for the alt-right movement - his chief White House strategist.
Others whose accounts have been suspended include Pax Dickinson, founder of alt-right site WeSearchr; an alt-right internet personality who goes by the fake name Ricky Vaughn; and blogger Paul Town, who describes himself as "the leading thought leader of alt-right," CNN reported.
Watch video 05:02 Share Cyber-bullying - When online harassment becomes all too real Send Facebook google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink https://p.dw.com/p/RENy Cyber-bullying - When online harassment becomes all too real
jbh/bw (Reuters, AP, AFP)
ABERDEEN fans will have the chance to get their hands on limited edition art prints taking a light-hearted dig at Rangers - with proceeds going to charity.
The Dons supporters unveiled a banner reading 'Concomitant You Reds' at last week's win over Dundee - mocking a statement from the Ibrox club regarding Derek McInnes' choice to stay at Pittodrie.
Keith Campbell - The Sun Glasgow 3 McInnes delighted fans with his decision to reject Rangers
3 Dons fans with banner at Dens Park
The controversial statement - which has been slaughtered by fans and ex-professionals - read: “We endorse that position because moving to a massive club like Rangers is a big step with concomitant risk.”
Now, artist and print curator David McCracken has produced limited edition prints similar to that of the banner unveiled last week.
A statement announcing the prints read: "David has published this new work in recognition of the Aberdeen Football Club Display Group.
"Their banner - Concomitant You Reds - , which was unfurled at Dens Park before last Friday's game between Dundee and Aberdeen, is an insightful and witty comment on the occasion of manager Derek McInnes professing loyalty and love for both club and city.
3 The prints which are available in exchange for a small donation of £10
"The banner also makes brilliant use of the introduction of a new word - concomitant - into the already rich football supporters' lexicon .
"It is a light-hearted celebration of ‘football banter', a comment - he felt – worthy of an original limited art print."
Fans can get their hands on the print at Peacock Visual arts, in conjunction with AFC Community Trust, as well as many other outlets in the Granite City.
A small donation of £10 is required with all money going towards the AFC Community Trust, AFC Display Group and Aberdeen Cyrenians.
We told last week how Dave King used 'concomitant' in a speech to shareholders at the AGM last year.
St Johnstone 0 Aberdeen 3 - Rooney, Arnason and Christie fire Dons to convincing win
BET £10 WITH SUN BETS AND GET A FREE £30 BET
Keep up to date with ALL the latest news, transfers and goals from Scottish football plus fixtures, results and live match commentary
Gilead Sciences (NASDAQ:GILD) provided a bright spot in an otherwise gloomy day for the broader market. The biotech announced its first-quarter results after the market closed. Shares jumped more than 3% in after-hours trading on Gilead's better-than-expected results. Here are the highlights.
By the numbers
Gilead reported first-quarter revenue of $7.6 billion, a 52% increase over the $5 billion in revenue from the same period in 2014. This figure trounced the average analysts' estimate of $6.92 billion.
GAAP first-quarter earnings for the biotech were $4.3 billion, or $2.76 per diluted share -- well above the $2.2 billion, or $1.33 per diluted share, reported for the first quarter of 2014. Gilead reported non-GAAP earnings for the quarter of $4.6 billion, or $2.94 per diluted share, compared with $2.5 billion, or $1.48 per diluted share, in the same period last year. These earnings result handily beat the consensus analyst expectation of $2.32 per share.
Operating expenses were higher, but not nearly enough to offset the surge in revenue. Gilead reported non-GAAP research and development expenses of $651 million -- a nearly 17% year-over-year increase. Non-GAAP selling, general, and administrative costs climbed 20% to $600 million during the first quarter of 2015.
Behind the numbers
Consensus expectations called for Gilead's hepatitis C drugs Harvoni and Sovaldi to bring in around $3.5 billion in first-quarter sales. Those expectations proved to be far too pessimistic. Harvoni generated more than $3.5 billion in sales by itself. Sovaldi kicked in another $972 million in revenue for the quarter.
Gilead's strategy with its hepatitis C drugs was to aggressively expand availability of the drug in the face of competition from AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV). The biotech has spent considerable effort negotiating with U.S. and European payers over the past few months. This strategy certainly appears to have paid off based on the first-quarter results.
The strong growth for Harvoni more than made up for less impressive sales for Gilead's HIV drugs. Truvada, Atripla, Stribild, Complera/Eviplera, and Viread combined for sales of $2.4 billion in the first quarter. That was nearly 9% higher than the combined sales from the same quarter last year -- a solid but not spectacular increase.
Several of Gilead's less-heralded drugs also experienced solid growth. Cardiovascular drugs Letairis and Ranexa combined for sales of $268 million, up more than 14% year over year. Meanwhile, blood-cancer drug Zydelig generated first-quarter sales of $26 million. That reflected a nearly 35% jump over the $17 million in sales from fourth quarter of 2014, Zydelig's first full quarter on the market.
Looking ahead
This year now looks to hold brighter prospects than Gilead initially thought. The company upped its full-year revenue guidance to a range of $28 billion to $29 billion. Both ends of this range are $2 billion higher than the full-year projections Gilead provided last quarter. However, the biotech maintained its previous full-year earnings guidance of $0.82 to $0.87 per diluted share.
With continued strong sales for Harvoni and a price of less than 10 times forward earnings, Gilead just might regain the affection of investors in the near term. What the biotech does with its $14.5 billion (and growing) stockpile of cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities could prove to be an even more significant attention-grabber over the next few months.
By Kevin Flanagan
BDS Correspondent
The “Little Ball of Hate” is back and back big. Since starting the season adrift – looking disinterested and detached – the pesky little winger has caught fire just when the Bruins needed him most.
When he is right Brad Marchand is the type of player other players hate to play against. Always on the edge of what is dirty and what is not, the self proclaimed Nose Face Killah constantly finds a way to get in the opponents head whether it is a stick to the ribs in the corner or a face wash with his glove at the end of a scrum.
Couple that type of annoying antics with some dangle and finish and you have what the artist formerly known as Marshmont brought the Bruins during their Stanley Cup Final runs in 2011 and 2013.
Grit and goals.
With another 2 goals today – 1 shorthanded and 1 the game winner – the Bruins little train that could now have 6 goals in his last 4 games and 16 for the season, leading the club in that category. That is a long way away from a guy some were looking to move down in the lineup or move via trade (Ok, that could have been me…) just a few weeks ago.
When asked about Marchand's play of late following today's win against the Los Angeles Kings, center Patrice Bergeron said, “He's taking what's in front of him, he's not forcing plays and he's got it on a string right now. He's making some unbelievable moves and it makes us better players on the ice right now and as a line.”
Asked if he had faith his game would return during the trying time that he went through early, Marchand said, “Yeah I think I knew during that stretch that eventually it was going to come around. I mean bounces had to start going our way and I mean it's nice that pucks are going in. I'm playing with Bergy [Patrice Bergeron] and Smitty [Reilly Smith], two phenomenal playmakers, and they're making it easier for me out there.”
Head coach Claude Julien – who at times had publicly prodded Marchand in his comments to the press – had this to say in his post-game interview on NESN about his pesky winger, “I think right now he is at the top of his game.”
Much like the old baseball adage of “keeping the line moving” by getting contributions from up and down the batting order, the Bruins offense is a function of the collective rather than the individual. Whether it is style or preference, the B's choose to have a team that relies on balanced scoring from all 4 lines as opposed to a team that is top heavy with a big top line and a bunch of plumbers filling out the next 3.
Having been to the Finals in 2 of the last 3 seasons and looking as if they could make a strong push again this spring, I would say it is a system that is working just fine, thank you very much.
After faltering during their west coast 3 game swing, the Bruins have rebounded nicely highlighted with performances against the reigning champs yesterday in Chicago and in today's tilt against the powerful and physical Kings. Either one of those they could find waiting if they make it to the Finals again this year.
In order to get there though, they are going to need every player to be at their best and contribute what the team expects from them regardless of their role. For the Bruins and their fans it is great to see that when it comes to Brad Marchand's game, the hate is back.
One Makes It Larger! To see more of it, click the links below for specific letters, or click the "Next" (or "Prev") links. A - B - C - D - E - F - G - H - I - J - K - L - M - N - O - P - Q - R - S - T - U - V - W - X - Y - Z
0 - 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 - 6 - 7 - 8 - 9
Items are an integral part of gameplay from Rebirth. They modify a character's stats, grant or modify abilities, and many other things. Generally RNGesus will deal you a bad set of items like "Soy Milk"
Items in general are classified into a number of distinct types and groups. Some items are passive, which add an effect permanently to Isaac, while others only activate when used.
Trending pages
All items (364)
see second post for a list of videos of HEA
Introduction: Desiring the Dream
Castle: Blue and orange. Large keyhole (for unlocking doors to one's dreams)
FX: Spotlights and strobes
FX: Hub's fountain turns color appropriately
FX: Made with Magic ears and other paraphernalia work in sync with HEA
Narrator.
And they all lived happily ever after.​
Each of us have a dream, a heart's desire, it calls to us,​
and when we're brave enough to listen, and bold enough to pursue,​
that dream will lead us on a journey to discover who we're meant to be.​
All we have to do is look inside our hearts and unlock the magic within.​
Vocalists [Jordan Fisher & Angie Keilhauer]:​
Ready to begin, let the wonder take hold.​
Feel it draw you in watch the moment unfold​
Castle: Yellow streams of sparkling light exit the keyhole
Spark a dream we're meant to follow​
Setting out for a new tomorrow​
Castle: Red and orange lacquer, gold trim
Every step we take brings a new hope, new day​
Every choice we make helps us find our own way​
Every wish finally put into motion​
Castle: Silver filigree over the red and orange lacquer
Diving in with our hearts wide open​
The story comes alive / when we look and shine​
a new adventure / bear in your eyes (bear in your eyes)​
It's just beginning​
Feel your heart beat faster​
FW: Heart shaped
reach out and find your happily ever after​
find your happily ever after​
​
Castle turns blue
FX synchrolite: Flare (Pearl FW) lobbed to the highest turret and becomes a star
Tiana
​
The evening star is shining bright​
So make a wish and hold on tight​
There's magic in the air tonight​
And anything can happen​
FW: Jellyfish blossom
Castle: underwater, Ariel swims up (longing to be on land)
FX: Laser bubbles
Remy shows up in front of Gusteau's and Eiffel Tower (longing to be a chef)
Rapunzel in her tower (longing to be free)
Strolling by the Seine / Taste a morning out there​
Like ordinary men Who freely walk about there​
Just one day and then / I swear I'll be content​
With my share / Won't resent / Won't despair / Old and bent​
I won't care / I'll have spent / One day / Out there​
Quasimodo shows up, climbs the tower
Star in turret turns to bells, Quasimodo rings them
Castle turns to Notre Dame, doves fly
Boldly Beginning the Journey
Merida (spoken): Your destiny lies with you you just have to be brave enough to see it and then your journey begins castle covered in green growth FX: synchrolite: Merida shots an arrow, becomes a flare FW: Bullseye
(spoken): "Touch the Sky" from Brave
​
I will read every story / Take hold of my own dream​
Merida rides a horse
Be as strong as the seas are stormy / And proud as an eagle's scream​
Flick from A Bug's Life rides a dandelion glider
rides a dandelion glider waterfall comes down main turret
I will ride, I will fly / Chase the wind and touch the sky​
cars from Cars drive in, rev up, and race off
I will fly / Chase the wind and touch the sky​
(Na na na na Na na La na na na Na)​
house from Up with balloons floats in and up
And touch the sky / Chase the wind /​
Chase the wind / Touch the sky​
castle turns blue, water rises
FX: blue lasers become the surface of the water over the hub
Nemo, Crush, and Dory from Finding Nemo swim by
castle is covered with torches and Pacific Island touches
triangular sail
Moana appears in several scenes singing
Moana : Every turn I take, every trail I track​
Every path I make, every road leads back​
FW: Moana swirls
To the place I know, where I can not go, where I long to be​
See the light as it shines on the sea? It's blinding​
FX: Yellow lasers
Maui tattoos appear
But no one knows, how deep it goes​
And it seems like it's calling out to me, so come find me​
And let me know, what's beyond that line, will I cross that line?​
FW: synchrolite - Tala as the sting ray flies up and continues as FWs
FW: sting ray shape
Tala hugs Moana
The line where the sky meets the sea? It calls me​
And no one knows, how far it goes​
If the wind in my sail on the sea stays behind me​
One day I'll know, how far I'll go​
Friends on the Journey
Aladdin (spoken) : Trust me, having a best friend by your side opens up a whole world of possibilities FX: smoke from the genie's lamp
: "Friend Like Me" from Aladdin (instrumental) Castle turns into brightly colored gear works and the gears works theme remains through the next few songs/scenes
(instrumental)
Terk, Tantor and friends
bunch of bugs run out and away (From A Bug's Life?)
Timon and Pumba
castle is made of Tinker Toys
Woody and pals show up
FW: blocks
Tinker Toys fall to reveal a green gear works castle
cast from Jungle Book come out to dance
come out to dance Ralph and Vanellope from Wreck It Ralph
Baymax and Hiro from Big Hero 6
Judy and Nick from Zootopia chased by The Big Donut
chased by The Big Donut Joy and Sadness from Inside Out
Vocalists : And when you're outside, looking in​
Sully and Mike from Monsters Inc. with doors passing by and power canisters on overload
Who's there to open the door?​
Shere Khan vocal : That's what friends are for​
the mouth of the gear works castle sings this line
castle is nightclub
Vocalists & Genie : Mr. Aladdin, sir, have a wish or two or three.​
I'm on the job you big nabob!​
You ain't never had a friend, never had a friend,​
You ain't never had a friend, never had a friend,​
You ain't never had a friend like me.​
You ain't never had a friend like me​
main turret becomes a rocket that takes off
FX: Lasers used for pinwheel fireworks and applause sign
FW: smiley faces
Love is the Journey
castle becomes blue with purple highlights
Olaf (spoken): Some people are worth melting for ​
Vocalists (slow cover): Say goodbye... Say goodbye...​
moon rises up and off
To the pain of the past​
We don't have to feel it anymore!​
Love is an open door! Love is an open door!​
two turtles swim by from Finding Nemo
WALL*E and Eve from WALL*E
Simba and Nala from The Lion King
Vocalist : You'll be in my heart​
Kala and Tarzan hugging from Tarzan
Riley and parents wrasslin' from Inside Out
No matter what they say​
baby Dory and parents hugging from Finding Dory
Carl and Russell hugging from UP
You'll be here in my heart / Always​
FW: heart
baby Dumbo and his mother hugging from Dumbo
Judy Hopps hugging parents from Zootopia
Incredible family hugging from The Incredibles
castle is a pink garden with waterfalls
Cinderella and Prince Charming
Aladdin and Jasmine
Tiana and the frog
Ariel and Eric
Tangled
floating lanterns rise
Vocalists : And at last I see the light​
And it's like the fog has lifted​
And at last I see the light​
And it's like the sky is new​
And it's warm and real and bright​
And the world has somehow shifted​
All at once everything is different​
Now that I see you​
Rapunzel and Eugene in the canoe
two straggling lanterns dance around each other and light up the figures in the windows
Overcoming Adversity
Emperor from Mulan (spoken): The flower that blooms in adversity is the most rare and beautiful of all.
who is the villain in silhouette at the top of the turret??
FX synchrolite: Chinese firework is shot from a Mulan character and it continues as real FW past the castle
Syndrome shoots electric bolts
walls at bottom of castle crumble as the final Omnidroid battles Mr. Incredible
waters rise and Ursula appears shooting bolts at Prince Eric from her trident
Scar and Mufasa fight in the center casting large shadow, hyenas at the bottom
Jafar the Serpent v. Aladdin
Maleficent turns into a dragon and attacks Philip
the castle is on fire
pirates (which ones?) fight in silhouette in middle of castle
more silhouettes at the bottom (who?)
silhouette of Aladdin batting away at something? FX: synchrolite - the thing hit continues off the castle as a red flare
Merida firing her bow
Mulan bo stick and kick FX: clouds billow out the front of the castle
Incredibles appear in silhouette at bottom?
Philip kills Maleficent the dragon
The Heroes' Happily Ever After
The castle is in embers
Mufasa (from The Lion King, spoken): Look inside yourself ​
Mufasa (continuing): You are more than what you have become ​
Remember who you are ​
Remember, remember ​
Vocalists : I have often dreamed of a far off place​
Aladdin
Where a hero's welcome would be waiting for me​
Tarzan
Where the crowds will cheer when they see my face​
Mulan
And a voice keeps saying, this is where I'm meant to be​
Hercules
Star returns to turret, castle turns blue
Moana
Wendy, John, and Michael ("Peter Pan")
Snow White and Prince
Dwarfs
Ariel and Eric
Aurora and Philip wedding (or is it Cinderella and Prince Charming??)
Vanellope winning a trophy
Genie and Aladdin
Anna and Elsa
Tiana and Naveen wedding
I will beat the odds / I can go the distance​
Castle gets gilded and characters show up as stained glass portraits
Cinderella
Aladdin
Tarzan
Hercules
I will face the world / Fearless, proud and strong​
Woody
I will please the gods / I can go the distance​
Merida
Anna & Elsa
Till I find my hero's welcome / Right where I belong!​
Tiana
Pinocchio
Snow White
Aurora
Mulan
Belle
Beast
others on the side, disconnected turrets Alice Moana Pinocchio Peter Pan
Conclusion: Find Your Own Happily Ever After
Narrator
And so our journey comes to an end​
but yours continues on​
grab hold of your dreams​
and make them come true​
for you are the key to unlocking your own magic​
now go, let your dreams guide you​
reach out and find your happily ever after​
the battles, the stories​
the losses in all the glories​
we're changed by the way​
we live everyday​
just look up and reach to the sky​
we all have the courage to fly​
​
"You Can Fly" from Peter Pan​
you can fly (you can fly)​
you can fly (you can fly)​
you can flyyyyy!​
Tinkerbell flies out of castle self-lit up
The story comes alive / when we look and shine​
castle takes on different color schemes
FX: trees have laser fireflies
a new adventure / bear in your eyes (bear in your eyes)​
it's just beginning / feel your heart beat faster​
reach out and find your / reach out and find your​
reach out and find your / happily ever after​
10 seconds: Instrumental “Happily Ever After”27 seconds:..90 Seconds: “Happily Ever After” [by Adam Watts, Melissa Peirce & Andrew Dodd]10 seconds: Instrumental (from anything?)24 seconds:appears and sings ("Down in New Orleans [prologue]" from10 seconds: instrumental variations on "When You Wish Upon a Star" from28 seconds: instrumental of "Part of Your World" from8 seconds: instrumental variations on "When You Wish Upon a Star" from53 seconds: "Out There" from50 seconds:7 seconds: musical interlude (tune?)72 seconds: "How Far I'll Go" from4 seconds: silence26 seconds:20 seconds: "Trashin' The Camp" from(instrumental)10 seconds: "Hakuna Matata" from(instrumental)14 seconds: "You Got a Friend in Me" from(instrumental)30 seconds: Mash-up of: "Bear Necessities" from+ "You Got a Friend In Me" + "Hakuna Matata" (instrumental)23 seconds: "That's What Friends Are For" from30 seconds: "Friend Like Me" from6 seconds: silence36 seconds: "Love Is an Open Door" (slow instrumental) from16 seconds: "Can You Feel the Love Tonight" (instrumental) from13 seconds: "You'll Be In My Heart" from31 seconds: Instrumental of "You'll Be In My Heart" (31 seconds)50 seconds: "I See the Light" from21 seconds: Instrumental from40 seconds: Villain Instrumental from ???33 seconds: "To Die For" from45 seconds: "He's a Pirate" from(instrumental)14 seconds: transition instrumental25 seconds: "I Can Go the Distance" (instrumental licks, from102 seconds: "I Can Go the Distance" (lyrics fromthe movie and from the pop version)24 seconds:...93 seconds: "Happily Ever After (reprise)"
at LAST!!!! after 6 weeks of work it is finally done!!!....and the joke is already pretty out dated!!......ah well i'm gonna post it anyway just because it'd be a shame that i let all the work go to waste. and ugh i have mixed feeling about how i drew every panel, forgetting to leave space for the text.. It's not even that funny.....i'm a mess..and yay for original character design..haha...haha...haha....not..oh well.. always next timeand what inspired me t do this comic? RANDOMNESS..and who knows, these things might happen in the series (yeah right)MLP: FiM (c) Lauren faust, HasbroComic (c) meMovie/cartoon references (c) to whoever owns themif you want to do something with the pic please ask me first.---Edit: you may have to download the pic..sorry folksEdit2: fixed it a bit so that people can read the dialogue
Forest Service law enforcement staff was doubled from 14 to 28 agents in California between 2007 and 2008, said spokesman John Heil, resulting in the eradication of 3.1 million marijuana plants in the last fiscal year.
Congress is responding too, with a recent $3 million supplemental appropriation secured by Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.) that allowed the Park Service to add 25 new law enforcement officers to its Pacific Region parks…[New York Times]
"As more pressure happens in California, they're going to start looking at Oregon, Nevada and Idaho," said Krogen, of the High Sierra Volunteer Trail Crew. "Then they'll start looking at the Southeast too, closer to distribution."
The widespread destruction of our national forests caused by illicit marijuana cultivation is becoming a bigger story every summer. The problem just keeps getting worse and it seems that Mexican cartels aren't the only ones cashing in on it:The more marijuana gets planted, the more jobs are created for people to cut down the plants, which causes still more marijuana to get planted. The harder you try to put a stop to this, the worse the damage gets. The cops doing this work won't hesitate to tell you that there's more of it every year. We haven't even scratched the surface of how bad it's going to get:Does anyone really believe that law enforcement is going to solve this problem? I'm sure going on treasure hunts in the woods is a popular assignment, but I have a hard time believing that these guys actually think they're accomplishing anything.The bottom line is that legalization is absolutely the only option that exists for controlling where, how, and by whom marijuana is grown. I hope it won't require the permanent destruction of precious natural resources across the country to illustrate that fact. It never ceases to amaze me that all of this is happening because the government won't let people grow their own marijuana.
During yesterday's Fox News Channel's special elections show on primaries and midterms around the country, Sharron Angle had the following exchange with an incredulous Carl Cameron about her media strategy so far:
Angle: “We needed to have the press be our friend.” Cameron: “Wait a minute. Hold on a second. To be your friend…?” Angle: “Well, truly–” Cameron: “That sounds naive.” Angle: “Well, no. We wanted them to ask the questions we want to answer so that they report the news the way we want it to be reported.” Cameron: [speechless, laughs]
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Angle then goes on to repeat a statement she has made in the past, that she wants to be able to mention her website during interviews so she can ask viewers to donate money. Here's the clip.
Would it really be that bad if Oakland and Alameda County taxpayers dug a little deeper into their pockets to keep the Raiders in town?
Yeah, I know the team hasn't won a championship in three decades and hasn't been to the playoffs since the 2002 season. But it's tied for first in the AFC West, so there's hope. And, even an NFL franchise that's worth, according to Forbes, $2.1 billion needs taxpayer love.
It would be all for the public good.
Think about it. We're already saddled with $95 million for erecting Mount Davis, the 10,000-seat expansion of the Oakland Coliseum that lured the NFL team back from Los Angeles in 1995.
What's another $750 million?
For starters, Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf needs to stop putting taxpayer interests ahead of the well-being of Raider Nation.
Look at Nevada. It had few qualms about raising taxes for a football stadium. Last week, Nevada Gov. Brian Sandoval put his signature on a plan to allow Las Vegas to raise $750 million in hotel tax revenue so it can be handed to Sheldon Adelson, a billionaire casino mogul who said he'd build a $1.9 billion super stadium for the Raiders.
And Raiders owner Mark Davis is so grateful for Nevada's enthusiasm, he's pressing to get even more out of the deal. I'm not so sure Adelson is happy about that though.
“They want so much,” Adelson complained to Reuters in an interview this week about his stadium negotiations with the Raiders. “So I told my people, ‘Tell them I could live with the deal, I could live without the deal. Here's the way it's gonna go down. If they don't want it, bye-bye.'”
Oakland, we got this.
Let's take a walk through the city and county budgets and I'll show you where to find $750 million. I mean, come on, people, do we want to fix boring, old potholes, help the homeless, improve public transit and feed the needy when we can subsidize a team that brings so much joy and excitement to our region?
In July 2015, the Oakland City Council approved a $2.4 billion two-year budget. A little more than 40 percent of it goes into the city's general purpose fund. That means no strings attached, right? So let's start there.
For the coming year alone, there's $519.9 million available in that pot.
Of that, $11 million goes to the libraries. Nobody reads that many books. We have the Internet, and there's a lot of stuff on there that you can get really fast.
Then, there's a $6 million general fund allotment to buy more than 600,000 lunches for children, youth and seniors. People are fat, and they should eat less.
And what's this $2 million for housing and community development? And the affordable housing trust fund? Give me a break.
And, don't get me started on the 134 city parks. There's $15 million set aside in the general fund for parks and recreation. Seriously, folks. There are too many parks, and we don't need any more bike lanes.
Then there's police. Do you believe we spend $218 million a year from the general fund on that department? I mean, isn't violent crime on the decline anyway? Aren't activist groups demanding we eliminate police departments? Oakland can lead the way.
On top of all that, Oakland has way too many public schools. And they're constantly asking taxpayers for more. More to rebuild the schools. More to buy new books and pencils. Does it ever end? Given the choice, people will send their kids to private school or simply start a charter.
The budget is bloated, really.
Alameda County's no different. It spends $676 million alone for public protection. That's 23 percent of the county's $2.97 billion budget. On stuff like jails and sheriff's deputies.
And if people really don't want to cut public services, we can do more debt. After all, GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump swears by debt. Says it's a good thing.
And, believe me, I believe everything he says.
Otis R. Taylor Jr. is a San Francisco Chronicle columnist whose column appears Tuesday and Friday. Email: otaylor@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @otisrtaylorjr
After many years of doing duty as a grain truck on a local farm, this 1948 Dodge Pilot-House cab was bought by Kyle Cochran from a neighbor for $22! Can you believe it?!?
The Dodge is a rare “pilothouse” five-window 1.5 ton model, and was even rarer that it was optioned with a radio. Cochran believes that the truck is one of maybe 829 made with those options.
–
Kyle and the guys at Rustic Nail & Co have done a killer body work on this one with most of it being hand made and despite the huge wheels and AccuAir suspension this 1948 Dodge truck still looks as old school as it gets.
The biggest eye-catches are the wheels. Those are not one-off billets…they started out as 24.5″ Alcoa wheels that have been highly modified. The rim diameter was down to 24″, which allowed the use of street tires.
–
Other modifications include a Flaming River steering system, a Lokar shifter, and a Restomod Air air conditioning system. Oh, and we can't forget the massive front bumper…that's from a 1953 International. Actually, it's from Jason's personal International.
Under the hood of this custom built 1948 Dodge truck sits a King Speed Diesel built Twin Turbo Cummins 24V engine producing tons of power and torque.
The Dodge wasn't built to be a show vehicle…it's meant to work and has been outfitted as such. That's why the Cummins has been built up a bit, that's why the cab is air-conditioned. The truck is designed to make a visual impact, which will in turn draw business to Rustic Nail & Co. And the truck is designed to leave a lasting impression of what Kyle and crew can do when it's time to get to work.
Not much has been announced for the upcoming Star Trek The Video Game, but we've finally got some new images featuring the U.S.S. Enterprise and her bridge. Check them out below.
Playing as Kirk and Spock, gamers must face-off against the villainous Gorn  the formidable enemy first introduced in the classic 1967-Star Trek television episode Arena. Their battles will take them into familiar locations, like the bridge, transporter room and the engine room  but also deep into many areas of the ship that have never been seen on film before, including the Enterprises turbolift shafts, observation lounge, engineering decks and officers quarters. This epic action adventure features an original storyline and provides immersive co-op gameplay.
The producers and development team of Star Trek The Video Game worked closely with the entire creative team responsible for the re-imagined 2009 blockbuster Star Trek film to ensure what players see will look and feel remarkably authentic.
Developed by NAMCO Bandai games, Star Trek The Video Game will be released on April 23, 2013 for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and PC.
Click on the images for bigger versions!
Speaking at a conference last October, Evelyn Farkas, a former top Obama administration official, warned that more must be done to counter the forces of nationalism and populism that have been entering the mainstream with the rise of Donald Trump and nationalist movements across Europe, Breitbart News has found.
Farkas also noted the U.S. population is “becoming increasingly less European American” while advocating for a continued “strong shared commitment” to European values.
Farkas served as deputy assistant secretary of defense under the Obama administration. She has been in the spotlight since the news media last week highlighted comments she made on television that seemed to acknowledge efforts by members of the Obama administration to collect intelligence on Trump and members of his campaign.
Farkas made the remarks about fighting nationalism as a panelist at the October 26, 2016 Warsaw Security Forum during a discussion about what to expect following the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election.
Following a lengthy panel talk about domestic politics and Trump, one unnamed questioner asked how political forces on the “margins” of politics in the U.S. and Europe were able to enter the “mainstream.”
Farkas replied (her remarks start at 31:54 in the above video):
What the first questioner asked was what happened. And I think what happened is that you have always in every domestic political landscape this nationalism, this populism, even fascism in almost every country in the world. But if you have strong liberal democratic leadership, if you have voices to speak out against those forces or to counter them effectively than they don't come to the fore.
And what I said earlier in the beginning when I spoke about the vacuum of leadership – that's the problem that we have right now. And I believe very strongly that regardless of what kind of ethnic composition that we have in the United States, because it is becoming increasingly less European American, we still have very strong shared commitment to values with our European colleagues and with our Israeli colleagues. And together we need to work on the international front to counter the forces that are pushing against our values and interests.
Farkas may have referenced “Israeli colleagues” because one of the panelists on stage with her was Eytan Gilboa, chairman of the left-leaning Israel Public Diplomacy Forum, which features articles in its newsletters complaining about the Israeli “far-right” and “right.”
Yesterday, Breitbart News first reported that at the same conference, held two weeks before the presidential election, Farkas predicted that if Trump won the presidency he would “be impeached pretty quickly or somebody else would have to take over government.”
Farkas has also been in the news after remarks she made as a contributor to MSNBC on March 2 resurfaced last week. In the comments, she said that she told former Obama administration colleagues to collect intelligence on Trump and campaign officials.
“I was urging my former colleagues and, frankly speaking, the people on the Hill, it was more actually aimed at telling the Hill people, get as much information as you can, get as much intelligence as you can, before President Obama leaves the administration,” stated Farkas.
She continued:
Because I had a fear that somehow that information would disappear with the senior [Obama] people who left, so it would be hidden away in the bureaucracy … that the Trump folks – if they found out how we knew what we knew about their … the Trump staff dealing with Russians – that they would try to compromise those sources and methods, meaning we no longer have access to that intelligence.
The White House has utilized Farkas's statements to bolster the charge that Trump was being illicitly surveilled during the campaign.
White House Spokesman Sean Spicer last week stated:
[I]f you look at Obama's Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense that is out there, Evelyn Farkas, she made it clear that it was their goal to spread this information around, that they went around and did this. …
They have admitted on the record that this was their goal — to leak stuff. And they literally — she said on the record “Trump's team.” There are serious questions out there about what happened and why and who did it. And I think that's really where our focus is in making sure that that information gets out.
Farkas, a former adviser to Hillary Clinton's campaign, served as Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Russia, Ukraine and Eurasia until she resigned in 2015.
She told the Daily Caller last week that she had no access to any intelligence. “I had no intelligence whatsoever, I wasn't in government anymore and didn't have access to any,” she said.
Speaking to the Washington Post, Farkas denied being a source of any leaks.
The Post reported:
Farkas, in an interview with The Post, said she “didn't give anybody anything except advice,” was not a source for any stories and had nothing to leak. Noting that she left government in October 2015, she said, “I was just watching like anybody else, like a regular spectator” as initial reports of Russia contacts began to surface after the election.
Farkas currently serves as a nonresident senior fellow at the Atlantic Council, which takes a hawkish approach toward Russia and has released numerous reports and briefs about Russian aggression.
The Council is funded by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, Inc., the U.S. State Department, and NATO ACT. Another Council funder is the Ploughshares Fund, which in turn has received financing from billionaire George Soros' Open Society Foundations.
Farkas serves on the Atlantic Council alongside Dmitri Alperovitch, co-founder of CrowdStrike, the third-party company utilized by the FBI to make its assessment about alleged Russian hacking into the Democratic National Committee (DNC). Alperovitch is a nonresident senior fellow of the Cyber Statecraft Initiative at the Atlantic Council.
Last month, FBI Director James Comey confirmed that his agency never had direct access to the DNC's servers to confirm the hacking. “Well, we never got direct access to the machines themselves,” he stated. “The DNC in the spring of 2016 hired a firm that ultimately shared with us their forensics from their review of the system.”
National Security Agency Director Michael Rogers also stated the NSA never asked for access to the DNC hardware: “The NSA didn't ask for access. That's not in our job.”
Aaron Klein is Breitbart's Jerusalem bureau chief and senior investigative reporter. He is a New York Times bestselling author and hosts the popular weekend talk radio program, “Aaron Klein Investigative Radio.” Follow him on Twitter @AaronKleinShow. Follow him on Facebook.
With additional research by Joshua Klein and Brenda J. Elliott.
WOW! That link is absolutely fascinating! (Even though I don't have the time just now to go through it in detail, as I will shortly). Thank you for the link! I have to ask, where is it from, where did you get it (on the White House transcripts)?
Well, in answer to your question, I just became aware of some surveillance on me (BEFORE the Pentagon papers came out) ten minutes ago, from your link. I was being surveilled because I was a witness in a criminal trial of draft resisters, some of the Minnesota Eight. Their very good lawyer has been accused, I don't know on what basis, of having been a Communist. And that allegation was not of particular significance to the DOJ UNTIL, months later, he was associated with me, after the Papers came out. Likewise, the president is heard discussing with Haldeman on these transcripts the need to go back over earlier (illegal, warrantless) wiretaps--of journalists and White House officials, on which I was overheard--to see what might look significant now, in light of the release of the Pentagon Papers.
That's what I've been talking about in earlier answers: the ability of the government to go back to taps collected years earlier to look for material with which to influence potential witnesses in the present. (See their interest in the allegation that the wife of one journalist may have been accused of shoplifting in her past). So people who have "nothing to hide" should ask themselves if that is equally true of their spouses or children, or neighbors, who could possibly be turned into informants by threat of their private lives being revealed. (The Cuban CIA assets who burglarized my psychoanalyst's office were interested in my children and wife as much as me, a reporter who interviewed them was told; they had been told of the precedent of Alger Hiss' step-son who was crucially deterred, at Hiss' insistence, from testifying in his defense at his trial on a crucial point, because he would have been questioned about his alleged homosexuality).
My analyst later apologized to me for not telling me about the break-in--which he was sure was aimed at me, by the White House--because his lawyer had advised him not to "get involved." So I didn't know about it until it came out in my courtroom, thanks to John Dean's revelation. All for the best. If he had told me and we had raised it in the court-room, the plumbers would not have been kept on the White House payroll (via CREEP) and would not have been ordered into the Watergate. Nixon would have stayed in office, and the war would have continued for years.
Jonatan ”Devilwalk” Lundberg recently announced his return to competitive CS:GO as a player, after retiring last year.
Now the former Fnatic coach shares his thoughts on the feelings after returning to the scene, his memories – and the longing to face his former teammates again.
– If I kill JW and pick up his AWP he'll go on a mega tilt. Then they're screwed and I've won, Devilwalk tells Aftonbladet Esport jokingly.
In the history of CS:GO, only one person has ever managed to win a major tournament both as a player and a coach. Jonatan ”Devilwalk” Lundberg pulled off the feat while wearing the Fnatic jersey. Arriving at DreamHack Summer, still wearing the organization's clothing despite leaving them two weeks ago, he sat down with Aftonbladet Esport to talk about the days past, feelings and memories from his time with the team when they dominated a game that has taken the World by storm lately.
– Fnatic will always have a place in my heart. That doesn't just disappear like that. It's my whole career and it always has been. Everything I've experienced, the success and everything else in the Fnatic jersey. Half of my wardrobe is black and orange clothing, Devilwalk tells Aftonbladet Esport.
”Nobody recognized us at DreamHack Winter”
As summer has swept in over Sweden, it is followed by a dedicated bunch of gamers making their way to Jönköping, Sweden, overencumbered with computer equipment. Their goal: To attend DreamHack Summer and be a part of the largest LAN on Swedish soil with everything it entails from eSports to live shows.
There's no doubt DreamHack has a special place in a lot of Swedish, and foreign, esport hearts. But few people have more memories of success and defeat at DreamHack than Devilwalk.
– I have so many memories from this place. But it's a bit weird, because the year we won here nobody recognized us when we walked through the halls. We wore Fnatic jerseys but we looked the same as everyone wearing them. Nobody wanted autographs or photographs. Back then only Ninjas in Pyjamas existed, he says and continues:
– But now when you walk around here and you don't even play in the best team in the World, a lot of people still want you to sign stuff or take a picture with them and that's incredibly fun.
”I never doubted we were gonna win”
After having played more deciding games against previously mentioned arch rivals from Sweden than a normal person can count on their fingers, Devilwalk now says he didn't have any doubt that Fnatic would win the first CS:GO major. When they arrived in Jönköping 18 months ago to play for a prize pool of 250 000 dollars, few people had faith in the squad. A lot of people were convinced that NiP would claim the victory easily.
– My best memory from DreamHack is a feeling we had in Katowice as well. When we said the first day: ”Holy shit, we're gonna win this thing, I just feel it”. I never doubted a second that we weren't gonna win it. I've just had that feeling twice and that was during DreamHack Winter 2013 and in Katowice this year, he says.
”More value in burying the hatchet”
Their win over the ninjas marked the beginning of a new era in CS:GO, but they didn't quite get the boost they anticipated. After a couple of demoralizing losses and early exits in tournaments Devilwalk decided a change was needed. That meant firing himself and his teammate Andreas ”schneider” Lindberg who he recently teamed up with again in 1337.
– Even if I made the decision to kick him out of Fnatic – a decision he was pretty mad about in the beginning – we've experienced a lot together. We've shared so many feelings of success and failure. You can't be mad at each other for life after going through that together. There's more value in burying the hatchet in a lot of ways. We still have so many good memories.
”Looking forward to facing Fnatic”
Now the teammates in 1337 faces another turnaround in their careers. The two major winners have gotten back together to take the community by storm. But even though Devilwalk says the team still needs a lot of weeks of practice and preparation, he still thinks they would ”do good against Fnatic”.
– It would be extremely fun to face them. If I kill JW and pick up his AWP, then I think he'll super-tilt. Then they're screwed and I've won. They'll win of course, but I think we can inflict some damage to them.
You out of all people should know how they like to play?
– Yeah, I actually have a couple of anti-ecos we developed for Katowice to see how other teams could act against us and try to stop us. The main goal with that was to see how we could adapt mid round if we noticed we were being ”anti-stratted”.
But then they'll now what you know?
– Yeah, I'll be some kind of mindfuck after mindfuck. But it will be exciting. I'm looking forward to that game. But we need a couple of more weeks to come together as a team.
”I felt I was kind of taken for granted”
At the end of May, Aftonbladet Esport broke the news that Devilwalk was about to leave Fnatic and head back to competitive play. It wasn't an easy decision to take for the successful coach, and it had been stirring in his head since the Katowice win.
– I started thinking and felt that I was getting a bit burnt out. All the demos I watched and all the analysis I made still paid off but I wasn't appreciated as much by the players. I actually felt I was kind of taken for granted and that made it less fun. At that point I made the decision that it's much more fun to play because you get more appreciation from your teammates since you're all a part of victories and defeats.
But you're leaving the safe haven in Fnatic to face an uncertain future?
– That's the way it is. But money isn't the reason you do this. If you were looking for cash you would never have entered eSports to begin with. At first we didn't get any money at all, instead we were in the red every month we played. But it's so much fun just doing this. There's no real reason to think about money because there's always be cash and if you need more you can solve it somehow. After the career as a player there are so many possibilities now. You can do casting, managing or coaching jobs and so on.
– I want to squeeze the very last bit of gaming I have inside of me before I quit.
”It's motivating as hell to stream”
Have you noticed your reaction speed getting worse as you age, considering even though you're young you're not exactly fresh meat in the CS:GO community?
– No, I haven't noticed myself becoming slower. On the contrary, I feel that I'm improving with age. You get calmer and more stable than I've been before. Back then you could either get five headshots or not get a frag in six or seven rounds. Now I'm calmer and better and at the same time I've learned a lot during my days as a coach in Fnatic.
– I've been able to look at Olof ”Olofmeister” Kajbjer and JW to see how – and when – you should play aggressively or passively. I've taken a lot of their play styles and implemented to my own game and it's actually going damn good. It's actually extremely healthy to have a break from playing and then coming back with fresh thoughts and ideas, so you don't get stuck in old routines. I don't think I can be read as easily now, and I understand better how the opponents think when they face me. I have a better overview and know more about how to counter certain players.
”We've attracted some sponsors”
You started streaming more frequently even before you left Fnatic, and since you left your viewer numbers have increased rather dramatically. How does that feel?
– It's motivating as hell. I've had damn positive reactions after my decision to play again. I haven't received any hate or been told it was the wrong move. What I've heard is instead: ”Thanks for what you did in Fnatic and good luck in the future”. Stuff like that is really great to hear. When it comes to Twitch I'm ecstatic about the support I'm getting. At the same time I think the numbers rose just as the news broke because people wanted to hear what happened and see how good I am and how good the team can become.
What's the situation in the new team? How many of you play full time?
– We've just started playing full time after some of the players have finished their studies. Now we have more time to scrim, but we'll have a short vacation in the end of June. Other than that, we're all playing full time. And we've attracted some sponsors who are still secret.
”SK Gaming never tried to contact us”
There was a lot of talk that SK Gaming would pick you up after they failed to secured what became Kinguin. What can you say about that?
– They never talked to us. They never even tried to contact us.
Was that a disappointment?
– No, it wasn't. It's just as good that they picked the team they picked because we would've turned them down. They don't have the best reputation among players since the ”Potti and Heaton-incident”.
Are you talking to other organizations right now?
– I'm in talks with three different organizations. We're trying to find the best deal for us. It's of course great that people want us, but the deals we're looking at now are nothing stellar.
How does it feel to not have Patrik ”cArn” Sättermon around you anymore?
– He's always around, Devilwalk replies with a laugh.
– We're really good friends and we chat sometimes. But I miss him of course, and we may not talk as much as before. But he's there and there's no lack of cArn.
Replacing Devilwalk in Fnatic will be Viktor ”vuggo” Jendeby. The ex Team Property coach was a big part of Fnatic's success in Katowice and when the team arranged a meeting to discuss replacements Devilwalk had already made up his mind.
– When I made my decision I sat in a meeting and said he was the best candidate and I could see that when we worked together before Katowice. He will do a really great job and he already has a good connection with the players.
”An indescribable feeling to win Katowice”
Devilwalk has left Fnatic, but Fnatic still hasn't left him. Sitting at DreamHack wearing a jersey and cap adorned with the team's logo, he shares the memory of the moment that he'll remember most fondly from his years in the organization: The victory that meant he became the first person ever to win a major both as a player and a coach.
– It was different, sure. But it was still almost the same thing. The only difference really is the cash. I didn't get the same cut when I won as a coach, but that doesn't matter. To share the Katowice win with ”Jeppe”, ”Prolle” and Flusha especially, guys I had played with for so long, was incredible. It was an indescribable feeling. It's not about the money, it's the title that matters.
– I've been a World Champion, and that's pretty cool.
Not many people can throw that title around.
– No, not many people at all, Devilwalk says and smiles.
Spread the love
Jay Syrmopoulos
July 29, 2014
Minneapolis- A visit to the home of prominent community activist Al Flowers, 55, by the Minneapolis Police, shortly after midnight on July 26, resulted in an alleged brutal beating of the former gubernatorial candidate and outspoken critic of the Minneapolis Police Department.
Officers arrived to serve an arrest warrant on Flowers' 16-year-old daughter. According to Flowers' attorney, State Senator Bobby Jo Champion, officers came to Flowers' south Minneapolis home to arrest his daughter for a violation of electronic home monitoring.
Ron Edwards, a friend of Flowers and renowned civil rights activist, stated that Flowers daughter was on an ankle bracelet monitoring device due a to prior legal incident. She had received a two-hour pass on Friday to go to the Hennepin County Medical Center for a health issue, but didn't return home until 10:30 p.m. due to not being released from the hospital until then, Edwards added that she had documentation of her release time from the facility.
An altercation ensued when Flowers, at the door to his home, asserted his constitutional right to see the alleged warrant. What transpired left Flowers bloody, beaten, and under arrest.
Photo by: Carlos Gonzalez
A Facebook page promoting a protest of police brutality in Flowers' case stated, “People should be aware that Al was already handcuffed when he was beaten.”
According a statement to the Star Tribune, Flowers' attorney, Champion said, “By all indicators … no warrant was presented to Mr. Flowers. And he asked. Like any person, he just asked for a copy of the warrant. That doesn't mean you're hiding anything … It means you're exercising your right as a citizen of the United States.”
In a common tactic used by police to cover up abuse of authority, Flowers was arrested for obstructing the legal process and assaulting 33-year-old officer Christopher Reiter. The police report claims Reiter required medical treatment from injuries consisting of bruises from fists.
Flowers' attorney, stated that upon visiting his client in jail, “I did not see any injuries to Flowers' hands, nothing to symbolize he had been punching anything.” Champion said that Flowers face was swollen, he had stitches on his face, and that he could see blood seeping through gauze bandages on his scalp upon visiting him in the Hennepin County jail on Saturday.
Flowers was released from jail Sunday and recovering at his home from the wounds allegedly inflicted by the Minneapolis police, according to family. In typical authoritarian fashion Mayor Betsy Hodges and Minneapolis Police Chief Janeé Harteau held a press conference at roughly the same time Flowers was released, declining to answer questions, claiming that they couldn't disclose any information due to the ongoing investigation.
Police Union President John Delmonico claims that Flowers was uncooperative and subsequently a bit one of the officers, requiring medical attention. In cases such as these officers do not need to show a warrant, but simply get confirmation from the issuing agency prior to acting on it according to Delmonico. “They told him to get out of the way and he wouldn't and the fight was on,” said Delmonico.
In Flowers' first public statement since the incident, he insisted that he simply asked to see the warrant, “I said, ‘I get to get a warrant. You've got to give me something,' and they were like, “We don't have to give you nothing.” He went on to say that officers pushed him to the ground and arrested him with force punching him in the head and ribs between 30 to 40 times.
Just last week Flowers spoke out about rising levels of violence on the North side of Minneapolis. Over the years Flowers has pressed for police accountability, co-founded the Minneapolis Community Standards Initiative, and the North Side Stop the Violence Committee, as well as serving on the now defunct Police Community Relations Council.
Flowers is no stranger to controversy as he has had sued the city previously for a fallacious marijuana possession charge as well as freedom of speech violations in connection to his former public access TV show.
As of this writing Flowers had yet to be formally charged, although police claim there is probable cause to charge him with obstructing the legal process and assaulting an officer.
This may very well just be another example of the out of control police state attempting to marginalize a figure that speaks truth to power and who holds public servants accountable for their actions.
There is a protest tomorrow, July 30th, against police violence/brutality scheduled for 6 p.m. at the Minneapolis Police Department's 3rd Precinct, 3000 Minnehaha Ave, Minneapolis, stemming from this incident.
Jay Syrmopoulos is an investigative journalist, freethinker, researcher, and ardent opponent of authoritarianism. He is currently a graduate student at University of Denver pursuing a masters in Global Affairs. Jay's work has previously been published on BenSwann.com and WeAreChange.org. You can follow him on Twitter @sirmetropolis and on Facebook at Sir Metropolis.
SS Ancona was an Italian passenger steamer, built in 1908 by Workman, Clark and Company of Belfast for the Societa di Navigazione a Vaporetti Italia of Genoa. The vessel was designed and served as an emigrant ship on the routes between Italy and the United States.
Design and Construction [ edit ]
In 1907 Italia Società di Navigazione a Vapore placed an order with Workman, Clark & Co of Belfast to build two passenger ships for them (future SS Ancona and SS Verona) to operate on their Genoa and Naples to New York route. The ship was launched on December 19, 1907[3], with Miss Violet Ardill of Greystones being the sponsor on behalf of Duke d'Andria.[3] After successful speed trials, the vessel was commissioned in February 1908.[2] Accommodations were built for about 60 first-class passengers in state rooms in the promenade deck-house, and the ship had total capacity of around 2,500 passengers. To supply such large number of passengers, the space on the orlop deck was insulated and supplied with an acidic refrigeration system.[3] In 1909 accommodation for first class passengers was expanded to 120 and in September 1910 she was refitted to carry 60 first and 120 second class passengers. As built, the ship was 482 feet 3 inches (146.99 m) long (between perpendiculars) and 58 feet 3 inches (17.75 m) abeam, a mean draft of 26 feet 2 inches (7.98 m).[2] Originally, Ancona was assessed at 8,885 GRT and 6,020 NRT[2], but after refitting she was reassessed at 8,210 GRT and 5,034 NRT.[1] The vessel had a steel hull, and two triple-expansion steam engines supplying combined 1,221 nhp power, with cylinders of 26-inch (66 cm), 43-inch (110 cm), and 71-inch (180 cm) diameter with a 48-inch (120 cm) stroke, that drove two screw propellers, and moved the ship at up to 17.0 knots (19.6 mph; 31.5 km/h).[2][3]
On February 28, 1908, after successful completion of her speed trials on the Skelmorlie Mile, Ancona, whilst coming up the Lough on her return trip from the Clyde to Liverpool, hit in the stern and sank Harbour Commissioners' twin screw tug Musgrave.[4]
Operational history [ edit ]
Upon delivery Ancona sailed to Italy. She departed for her maiden voyage from Genoa on March 26, 1908 with 59 passengers in steerage and 9 in cabin and proceeded to Naples. After reaching Naples, the vessel took 341 more passengers in steerage and 23 in cabin bringing the total number of people on board to 432. Ancona left Naples on March 28 and reached New York on April 10. On her return journey on April 23, Ancona boarded 910 people in New York and 1,343 in Philadelphia for a total of 2,253 passengers heading to Italy.
Ancona continued serving New York and Philadelphia from Italian ports of Genoa, Palermo and Naples throughout her career. Overall, she transported almost 100,000 people between the start of her service in 1908 and the outbreak of the World War I, most of them in steerage. When World War I broke out in August 1914, Italy initially stayed neutral, but many Italians travelled from America back to their home country, many of them on Ancona. After Italy's entry into the war in May 1915, there was another surge in the number of Italians returning home to take part in the hostilities. Ancona departed for her final eastward transatlantic voyage from New York for Naples on October 16, 1915 carrying 1,245 Italian reservists and about 5,000 tons of general cargo, including flour, beef and other provisions.[5]
Sinking [ edit ]
She was torpedoed and sunk on 8 November 1915 by SM U-38, under the command of Kapitänleutnant Max Valentiner off Cape Carbonara at Coordinates: . The torpedo was fired after a chase and bombardment by U38, at the end of which SS Ancona stopped to enable evacuation into lifeboats. The U-boat raised the flag of Austria-Hungary during the final minutes of the attack. The German Empire was not then at war with Italy. It is believed that 282 lives were lost.
The Ancona incident [ edit ]
Wreck location
In November 1915 U-38 caused a diplomatic incident when she sank the Italian passenger liner Ancona off the coast of Tunisia, while sailing under the Austrian flag. The Ancona, bound from Messina to New York City, was fully booked and over 200 lives were lost, including nine Americans. Coming as it did six months after the sinking of the RMS Lusitania off Ireland, the Ancona sinking added to a growing outrage in the US over unrestricted submarine warfare, and US Secretary of State Robert Lansing despatched a sternly-worded protest to Vienna.[6]
After receiving no satisfactory response from Austro-Hungarian Foreign Minister Baron István Burián von Rajecz, in December 1915 the US demanded that the Habsburg government denounce the sinking and punish the U-boat commander responsible. Germany, then concerned to maintain American neutrality, advised Burián to accede to the US demands, and Vienna eventually agreed to pay an indemnity and assured Washington that the U-boat commander would be punished, although this was a meaningless promise since he was a German officer. Following the settlement of the affair, the Austro-Hungarian government requested that German submarines refrain from attacking passenger vessels while flying the Austrian flag.[6]
Burián's diplomatic accession to US demands angered Grand Admiral Anton Haus, commander of the Austro-Hungarian Navy, who had advocated taking a hard line following the sinking. Haus justified the sinking on the grounds that the Ancona could have been used on its return voyage from the US to transport armaments or Italian emigrants returning home to enlist in the Italian Army. Germany's decision in April 1916 to suspend unrestricted submarine warfare terminated the debate.[6]
Notes [ edit ]
a b c Lloyd's Register, Steamships and Motorships. London: Lloyd's of London Press Ltd. 1911–1912. a b c d e Lloyd's Register, Steamships and Motorships. London: Lloyd's of London Press Ltd. 1908–1909. a b c d Marine Engineer, v. 30, p.272 (1908) ^ Marine Engineer, v. 30, p.377 (1908) ^ The New York Times, October 17, 1915, p.16 a b c Venzon, Anne Cipriano; Paul L. Miles (1999). The United States in the First World War: An Encyclopedia. Taylor & Francis. p. 54. ISBN 0-8153-3353-6.
The very senior Republican comes clean on how he feels about the economic value of po' folks. Photo: Tom Williams/CQ-Roll Call,Inc.
Chuck Grassley has been in the U.S. Senate for 37 years. At the end of his current term, he will be 89 years old. So perhaps he's beyond worrying about his popularity among Iowa voters, and is just saying things other Republicans think but generally don't say out loud. During an interview with the Des Moines Register, Grassley was confronted with evidence that the usual “family farms” defense of an estate tax repeal is, well, not true.
In a Nov. 29 interview, Grassley was adamant about the need for change, even if farmers and small business owners represent a tiny minority of estate tax payers. The reason, he said, is as much philosophical as practical …
“I think not having the estate tax recognizes the people that are investing,” Grassley said, “as opposed to those that are just spending every darn penny they have, whether it's on booze or women or movies.”
Since the current exemption on income subject to the estate tax is $5.49 million (and twice that for couples), that's a whole lot of people who are spending their money on trivialities — like each other (the charitable interpretation of Grassley's reference to spending on “women”).
What Grassley is almost certainly reflecting is the age-old conservative belief that the investor class is responsible for all good things, with everyone and everything else — including labor and consumption — representing human fodder for the economic machine. Since those wasteful non-wealthy people outnumber the thrifty, productive investors quite a bit, it is impolitic to admit this prejudice. But Chuck Grassley just did.
As Jared Bernstein notes, this attitude is fully reflected in the tax bill the Senate passed early Saturday morning:
The tax plan is written in such a way as to favor asset-based incomes, passive business investments and inherited wealth, and to penalize, once it's fully phased in, those foolish enough to depend on their paychecks. If your income derives from your stock portfolio or your rich parent, this plan loves you. Otherwise, tough luck.
But by the time the whole deal goes down, Chuck Grassley will probably be well into his own retirement planning. So he doesn't need to keep up any pretense that tax cuts are really aimed at the middle class.
The final score really doesn't properly reflect the way Robin Lehner played against Calgary on Tuesday. In fact, his 3.30 GAA and .890 SV% don't properly reflect the way Lehner has played through Buffalo's first three games. It's also far too early to determine whether or not Lehner is any good as there has only been three games.
Make no mistake, plenty of responsibility from the loss in Calgary sits with Lehner. After staking a lead in the third, Lehner was beaten on an otherwise nondescript shot by Matthew Tkachuk. It's a shot that should be stopped 10 out of 10 times. Tkachuk is outside the dot with no threat of a backdoor pass. While Lehner gets out of the blue paint to challenge, he doesn't make the final necessary adjustment as Tkachuk changes the angle for his shot. The subtle extension of his stick (pictured below) drastically changes what the puck is seeing, making for the short side tally that ties the game.
In the case of Tkachuk's goal it's just a simple case of needing a save. Lehner had played a strong game to that point, but that gaffe is likely going to stand out most from regulation.
Perhaps the biggest enemy to the Sabres in the Saddledome were the referees. While the puck was certainly loose on Calgary's first goal, the rules on intent to blow are fairly straightforward. Yet, the league's referees managed to find a way around a rule that otherwise is quite inflexible when it comes to post-whistle goals. I'll touch on the blatant boarding penalty momentarily as the unfortunate bounce off the referee's skate that led to Micheal Ferland's goal was the third instance where a striped jersey managed to negatively influence Buffalo's outcome.
The bounce of the skate is really the primary culprit in the goal that tied the game at two. However, I will contend that Marcus Foligno made a poor choice in attempting a lateral backhand pass in his own zone. He had two forecheckers in his face, a winger on the boards and Rasmus Ristolainen just off the crease.
While Sam Bennett makes completing a pass to Brian Gionta a tougher proposition, there's far less risk in chipping up the boards to Gionta than a higher risk pass to Ristolainen, which he ultimately makes.
What we see in the moment just prior to the pass is Bennett crashing down on Foligno and cutting off the easy pass to Gionta. However, Gionta isn't completely eliminated from the play. Getting the puck to him on the wall provides two options. A simple chip and chase past the defenseman, or a chip pass to Johan Larsson as the breakout likely calls for. The latter play is what is illustrated in green.
Instead, Foligno attempts the riskier pass which is impacted by the referee who is clearing space on the boards as the play moves out of the corner. Aside from the unexpected risk of the referee impacting his pass, Foligno also isn't taking into account Ferland's presence coming out of the corner and Bennett's pursuit as well. He's attempting to squeeze a puck through a tight window in the defensive zone, something that's rarely advisable.
What I'd really like to focus on is the winning goal and not so much for the obvious boarding penalty committed on the play, but for how Lehner didn't play the breakdown by the book, so to speak.
Everything kicks off with Monahan cross-checking Sam Reinhart squarely between the numbers. How this wasn't called is astounding to me and if you're unsure if it fits the requirements for boarding, I'd point you to this link. It was an obvious penalty and the lack of a call led directly to this loss, so in all honesty it was a pretty typical Tuesday for an NHL referee.
Once Monahan claims the puck, he cycles up around the zone, triggering the play that leads to the winning goal. Monahan, Mark Giordano and Johnny Gaudreau play a quick three-man game that leads to all three Sabres stuck puck watching (except maybe Reinhart) as Gaudreau steps off the wall. Monahan takes advantage of their focus on the puck and fills the slot which is exceedingly open.
As Gaudreau is a threat to shoot, Jake McCabe is forced to step to him rather than staying home and potentially picking up Monahan as he heads for the back post. As both McCabe and O'Reilly are stuck in no man's land, it makes the pass Gaudreau makes rather straightforward.
This is when Lehner gets in trouble. He's not fully in position when Gaudreau is on the wall, but he doesn't have to be in a full crouch as Gaudreau is far more of a passer than shooter in that case. However, as the pass is completed Lehner is behind the play, which leaves him fewer options when it comes to stopping Monahan once the puck is on his stick.
I have a feeling this has something to do with the long possession Calgary had in the zone prior to this shift. The Sabres were unable to clear on multiple occasions, leaving Lehner to make a number of key saves in tight situations. It's likely he was feeling the fatigue of that possession along with the rest of the game as this play developed.
That's not an indictment of his endurance either. You could take any goalie in the league and see similar signs of fatigue after the possession the Sabres had allowed just prior to this. As a result, however, he drops early in an attempt to shut down a short side deke attempt from Monahan. It's probably not the most advisable choice as it left him open to a deke to his glove side along with a shot up over his shoulder, which Monahan eventually does.
What confused me about Lehner's choice wasn't that he went down but that he dropped his blocker into a paddle down position. He's moving left-to-right on the play and if he keeps his chest and gloves up, he likely makes the save on Monahan's shot. However, he drops his blocker, choosing to go paddle down and opening the top of the net.
This doesn't make sense for more than just the obvious: opening the upper portion of the net. It also limits his ability to poke check and defend against any sort of deke going to his glove side. Perhaps the fatigue factor came into play here but I was confused by the save selection, to say the least.
It was a tough way for this game to end in just about every aspect. A poor missed call, missed assignment and questionable save selection tick off just about every square on the bingo board. I'd say that this probably qualifies as the weakest of the three games for Lehner thus far despite the numerous gems he produced throughout the contest.
We'll see how he bounces back through the remainder of the road trip and where his numbers stand once the month of October is complete.
BEIJING (Reuters) - The ruling Communist Party's flagship newspaper on Thursday provided more evidence that President Xi Jinping should be regarded as China's most powerful leader since Mao Zedong after this week's party congress.
The front page of the Communist Party's flagship newspaper the People's Daily (C) and other newspapers are seen one day after the unveiling of the new Politburo Standing Committee in Beijing, China, in this photo illustration taken October 26, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter/Illustration
Xi's official portrait dominated the People's Daily's front page report on the unveiling of the party's new top leadership. Below that was a smaller group photograph of the new top leadership - the seven members of the Politburo Standing Committee including Xi.
It is a stark departure from recent precedent, with Mao Zedong the last leader to be granted such status on the front page after the party conclave - which is held once every five years.
The People's Daily did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
Since Deng Xiaoping introduced collective leadership three decades ago to ward off the rise of another Mao-like cult of personality, the official portraits of all newly-selected Politburo Standing Committee members have been presented together on the front page in a grid.
The portrait of the party's top leader, the general secretary, is usually only slightly more prominent; reflecting his position as the first among equals.
Xi is the party's general secretary, chairman of the Central Military Commission, and president of the country.
In Thursday's People's Daily, the portraits and biographical information of the six other standing committee members - Li Keqiang, Li Zhanshu, Wang Yang, Wang Huning, Zhao Leji and Han Zheng - were relegated to the inside pages.
“That's definitely the first time since Mao,” said Ryan Manuel, a China expert at the University of Hong Kong, referring to Xi's oversized portrait on the front of the paper.
The People's Daily is closely parsed by party cadres and others, and sets the tone for media coverage in state-run newspapers at the provincial level.
Manuel said the paper closely followed regimented rules and norms and would have done so especially meticulously for its “most important front page in five years”.
“It's a strict system,” he said. “The rules of placement and the rules of what type of photos you put on there are incredibly tightly argued and defined.”
Related Coverage China's Xi meets military in first event since new leaders unveiled
Xi's status as China's most powerful leader since Mao was underlined on Wednesday when the party, in another break with precedent, revealed a new leadership line-up without naming an obvious successor to him.
There has been persistent speculation Xi could seek to stay on in some capacity beyond the end of the customary second five-year term in power, which ends in 2022.
During the congress, Xi became the first leader since Mao to have a political ideology bearing his name enshrined in the party's constitution while in office.
Wondering how good video streaming is for your ISP compared to others in your area? Google's new video quality report can show you.
Head to the site and, if your area is covered yet, you'll learn whether your ISP delivers smooth high definition playback for YouTube most of the time...or not. The charts show streaming quality—lower definition (under 360p), standard definition (360p), or HD (720p)—by hour. You can also check out the stats for nearby service providers. Unfortunately, average actual streaming speeds by ISP aren't provided.
Advertisement
The ISPs labeled "HD Verified" offer the best/most reliable high definition YouTube streaming. As with the Netflix ISP streaming report, the data isn't broken out by service tier, but it's a big-picture view of the best (and worst) ISPs for video streaming you have access to. The site also offers tips and information about improving YouTube streaming quality.
Video Quality Report | Google via The Verge
ROCHESTER, Minnesota — Bernie Sanders tried to find some good news in his crushing defeat in the South Carolina primary when he appeared on the Sunday political talk shows from his hotel room here.
He also acknowledged just how crushing the 74% to 26% loss in South Carolina was.
"We got decimated, George. We got decimated," Sanders told George Stephanopoulos on ABC's This Week. "The only positive thing for us is we won the actually — the 29 years of age and younger vote. And that was good. But we got killed."
He made similar comments on other Sunday shows throughout the morning. Sanders didn't concede South Carolina in the traditional sense Saturday night; he congratulated Hillary Clinton in a gaggle with reporters outside his campaign plane in Minnesota before delivering a nearly hour-long stump speech here that never mentioned the night's primary results.
That was in keeping with a tone set by Sanders after his loss in Nevada, when he and his campaign barely mentioned South Carolina and instead focused on next week's 11 state Super Tuesday collection of primaries and caucuses.
Sanders was resoundingly rejected by black voters in South Carolina, a result that led many to question if he could ever make a dent in the important slice of the Democratic electorate.
On This Week, Sanders telegraphed more Super Tuesday defeats among black voters in the day's southern primaries, but suggested black voters outside the region would be more likely to support him.
"I think you're going to see us doing — and I think the polls indicated it, much better within the African-American community outside of the Deep South," Sanders said. "You're going to see us much better in New York state where I think we have a shot to win, in California and in Michigan."
None of the states Sanders mentioned vote on Super Tuesday. In that contest, his campaign remains focused on states with a relatively large population of white Democratic voters.
WHOA! James Woods Smacks Down Pompous Leftist Claiming Woods Likes to ‘Chase 16-Year-Old Girls'
Don't mess with James Woods!
The patriotic actor smacked down a pompous leftist who tweeted that James Woods likes to ‘chase 16-year-old girls'.
Sexual assault accusations are flying in Hollywood and D.C. after Harvey Weinstein got taken down with very credible rape accusations.
Judge Roy Moore is under siege by Republican swamp creatures in an effort to derail him from winning the Alabama Senate seat by smearing him with sexual assault accusations.
Now everybody is accusing everybody of sexual assault!
Trump-hating poker player from Canada, Daniel Negreanu tweeted, “Add James Woods to the list of men accused of chasing 16 year old girls http://www.dailymail.co.uk/tvshowbiz/article-5076273/Elizabeth-Perkins-joins-MeToo-march-Hollywood.html … He appears to have a lot in common with Roy Moore. What is wrong with these people? Disgusting. Do I believe these women? 1000% yes.”
In the Daily Mail article Negreanu linked, it is not clear why a woman is holding up a ‘James Woods' sign at a “Me Too” march in Hollywood against sexual assault. Actress Amber Tamblyn claims Woods tried to pick up her and her friend when they were 16 and asked them to go to Vegas…
In September, actress Amber Tamblyn called Woods ‘predatory', saying he tried to pick her and a friend up at a diner when she was 16. Responding, Woods accused Tamblyn of lying. Twitter user Amanda Kendall linked the movie's subject and Tamblyn's accusation by asking Woods a question about the morality and legalities of underage relationships: ‘What makes a 24yo/17yo gay relationship inherently indecent but skeevy old guys trying to pick up a pair of 16 year old girls is okay?' Woods responded with the tweet: ‘The first is illegal. The second is a lie.'
The Daily Mail also notes that this woman had previously had disagreements with Woods politically on Twitter calling him a ‘misogynistic hatefully vile human being.'
Woods SLAMMED Negreanu for accusing him of chasing 16-year-old girls without proof.
“Say it like a man to my face, you cowardly piece of shit. Say it as a statement of fact, so If you have any money left, you might actually be worth suing, unlike these other losers with no money and big mouths. And how old was Evelyn Ng when you were her “mentor,” you hypocrite?” Woods tweeted.
Say it like a man to my face, you cowardly piece of shit. Say it as a statement of fact, so If you have any money left, you might actually be worth suing, unlike these other losers with no money and big mouths. And how old was Evelyn Ng when you were her “mentor,” you hypocrite? https://t.co/5YUYPIY8XE — James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) November 15, 2017
Yes, every victim of sexual assault should have a voice, however; if we allow mere accusations without any proof to destroy people's lives, we will cease to exist as a nation of free people.
We live in a society where it's ‘innocent until proven guilty' for a reason. Conservative radio host Michael Savage said this ‘rush to judgement' to hang Roy Moore over mere accusations is what went on in Stalinist Russia. The insanity must stop.
Bandai Namco has now revealed that a new update on patch 1.04 for Dragon Ball Xenoverse is now available.
The new 1.04 patch update for Dragon Ball Xenoverse has been released to get ready for the DLC Pack 2 that will be available in Western countries next week.
A lot of changes have been made to Dragon Ball Xenoverse to improve its features and gameplay. Bandai Namco noted on Twitter the update is not available yet on PC, but will be very soon.
Check out the full Dragon Ball Xenoverse update 1.04 patch notes below:
Increased level cap from 80 to 85
Incident rate of WARNING during parallel quests has been increased.
The position where players come back in Toki Toki City has been changed. After cleared parallel quests, now players will be back near “Time Machine Station” in Toki Toki City.
The position of Masters has also been changed.
Changed the spec when disconnected from XENOVERSE servers. When players are disconnected from XENOVERSE servers, they still can play offline mode, now. (before this update, users had to be back to title screen)
Although Time Space delivery and Campaign events won't be available, online battles and parallel quests will be still available from each online reception.
Countermeasure against cheating: Players who have been employing various cheating techniques will not be able to log into multi-lobbies or join online battles or parallel quests.
Some rules during online battles have been changed:
-During endless battles, capsules cannot be used.
-Communication delay during online battles has been reduced.
-Made adjustment on time patrol, battles and parallel quests
-During endless battles, capsules cannot be used. -Communication delay during online battles has been reduced. -Made adjustment on time patrol, battles and parallel quests Added version information on title screen
They are one of the world's most beleaguered gay communities, brutalised by violence, hounded by a law that makes homosexual acts a crime and driven into the shadows in a country where four in five people admit they are homophobic. But now gay people in Jamaica are cautiously optimistic that change may be in the air.
A new government has begun making noises about an end to discrimination and repealing an anti-gay law. Portia Simpson Miller, standing for election as prime minister in December, declared that "no one should be discriminated against because of their sexual orientation", and indicated she would be willing to have gay people in her cabinet. "I certainly do not pry or do not have any intention to pry into the private business of anyone," she said. She won by a landslide.
Maurice Tomlinson, a Jamaican law lecturer and legal adviser to the advocacy group Aids-Free World, says he is delighted by the change of mood – although it has yet to lift the sense of insecurity felt by Jamaica's gay community. Tomlinson, a prominent voice for gay rights on the island, has fled his home because of death threats that followed his marriage to his male partner in Canada after a picture was published in the Toronto Star.
"I was advised to go into hiding," said Tomlinson, in London to collect an award named after murdered Ugandan gay rights activist David Kato for his advocacy work. "I went into a safe house for about three days because my passport was with the UK high commission waiting for a visa to come here.
"Right now I'm not sure if I will be able to go back to teaching this semester."
Tomlinson says Jamaican police have told him that attitudes on the island are unfortunate but "will not change until the law changes".
Even so, he does not yet want the conscience vote on the sodomy law that the prime minister suggested during the election. "Over 80% of Jamaicans have identified as homophobic," he says. "We want more time to explain to the Jamaican people how harmful the law is."
He wants them to know that the law contributes to the spread of HIV, which has a 32% infection rate among gay men compared with 1.6% in Jamaica's general population. Fear of being attacked and murdered drives lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex (LGBTI) people to hide their sexuality. The prevalence of HIV puts them at risk but they do not get help to stay safe. Some gay men marry in a bid to seem straight to the outside world and that puts their wives and children at risk of HIV, says Tomlinson.
Backed by Aids-Free World, Tomlinson has lodged a case with the only human rights court recognised by Jamaica – the inter-American commission for human rights. Lead counsel is Lord Anthony Gifford, the British hereditary peer and human rights lawyer who took part in the Guildford Four and Birmingham Six appeals and now has a law practice in Jamaica.
Gifford led the team in the Dudgeon case at Strasbourg in 1983, where they succeeded in getting a judgment that changed the law against homosexuality in Northern Ireland. The law in England had been abolished in 1967, but the British government had argued that Northern Ireland was self-governing and should decide for itself.
Now Gifford is attempting to help overturn a 19th-century British-made law that criminalises homosexuality in Jamaica, just as he did in Northern Ireland. "It's like deja vu," he said.
"The very existence of the law creates a climate of tolerance of prejudice, which leads to real physical harm and fear.
"We hope we will get a ruling in our favour and that will add to the pressure which is in fact mounting in different ways. There is a definite change in the nature of the debate over the last few years, partly because of the courage of people like Maurice."
Papers lodged with the court, which has yet to schedule the hearing, cite violent attacks as recently as last year, some of them involving the police. In February 2011, officers raided two gay clubs and beat and pistol-whipped the patrons, the case alleges. In August, Ricardo Morgan, a hairstylist living in Kingston, was killed in a machete attack because of his sexual orientation.
Tomlinson began his own gay rights campaign by writing to the papers. It was initially a triumph to get something published. Now he gets support. Two weeks ago, the Jamaica Gleaner ran an editorial, entitled "PM should decry homophobic bigotry", calling for protection for Tomlinson from death threats and condemning "the medieval attitude that still largely prevails in Jamaica towards gays". He and others have made TV adverts, some of which have been shown - although one featuring a Miss Jamaica World speaking of her pride in her gay brother was rejected by the station, which said it had to respect the views of the church.
He blames the Eevangelical movement in the US for promoting homophobia. "My mother said when she grew up, Jamaica was a very tolerant society. Noël Coward had a home in Jamaica. Nobody cared. But during the 80s and 90s, rightwing evangelical Christians came. They started to change the attitude of Jamaicans from tolerance towards hate. The preachers in Jamaica picked up on it and started parroting that stuff."
• This article was amended on 14 February 2012. In the original version, David Kato's name was misspelt. This has been corrected.
Bob and Harvey Weinstein have bought worldwide rights to Michael Moore's documentary “Fahrenheit 11/9” on President Donald Trump.
The Weinsteins made the acquisition under their Fellowship Adventure Group. Moore is currently directing the film, with the “11/9” in the title referring to the day Trump was declared President of the United States on Nov. 9.
Moore correctly predicted last June that Trump would win the White House by scoring the states of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania.
Moore has reunited with his team from “Fahrenheit ‪9/11” — documentary directors/producers Meghan O'Hara, Tia Lessin, and Carl Deal. Tuesday's announcement said filming has been done under a strict cloak of secrecy and is aimed at dissolving Trump's “teflon” shield and his presidency.
“No matter what you throw at him, it hasn't worked,” says Moore. “No matter what is revealed, he remains standing. Facts, reality, brains cannot defeat him. Even when he commits a self-inflicted wound, he gets up the next morning and keeps going and tweeting. That all ends with this movie.”
The Weinstein brothers previously released Moore's “Fahrenheit ‪9/11” in 2004 with more than $200 million in worldwide grosses. The Fellowship Adventure Group together with Lionsgate distributed “Fahrenheit ‪9/11.”
Related Harvey Weinstein Issues Strange Denial to Gwyneth Paltrow's 'Shakespeare in Love' Casting Story Gwyneth Paltrow Talks About Her Biggest Fights With Harvey Weinstein
David Glasser, chief operating officer of the Weinstein Company, said TWC will be exploring all possibilities for both international and domestic distribution this week at the Cannes Film Festival, where “Fahrenheit 9/11” won the Palme D'or in 2004.
The Weinsteins said, “There is no greater part of what we can do right now than to have the power to bring Michael Moore to a mass audience. When we had the opportunity to work with him on ‘Fahrenheit 9/11,' we were so persistent that we ultimately had to part ways from Disney and we lost our beloved Miramax, named after our parents, because we believed so strongly in the message. The movie broke all records then, and we plan to do so again. This movie will have one of the most innovative distribution plans ever. Now more than ever, Michael's appetite for the truth is crucial. We are ecstatic to be a part of this revolution.”
“Fahrenheit 9/11” explored the presidency of of George W. Bush and The War on Terror. It received a 20-minute standing ovation at its Cannes premiere.
Moore won the Academy Award for Best Documentary for his 2002 film “Bowling for Columbine.”
President Donald Trump took to social media Tuesday to restate his support for Alabama Sen. Luther Strange ahead of next week's Republican runoff between Strange and Roy Moore, the state's former chief justice.
"Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like 'Big' Luther Strange," Trump tweeted. "Smart, tough on crime, borders & trade, loves Vets & Military. Tuesday!"
The president later called on gun owners in Alabama to vote for Strange, citing the endorsement of the National Rifle Association.
Trump and Vice President Mike Pence are scheduled to headline campaign events for Strange over the next few days. The president will attend a rally at the Von Braun Center in Huntsville Friday, while Pence will head to Alabama on Monday.
Strange and Moore are battling to fill the seat vacated by Jeff Sessions, who resigned to become Trump's attorney general earlier this year. Polls have consistently shown Strange trailing Moore, despite the backing of Trump, Pence and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky.
Moore is a darling of Alabama's evangelical voters after twice being removed from office over stands against gay marriage and for the public display of the Ten Commandments. Moore also has the backing of the pro-Trump Great America Alliance and House Freedom Caucus member Rep. Mo Brooks, who finished third behind Moore and Strange in last month's GOP primary.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Managers always tells us that certain grounds are a tough place to go, but which ground wears that reputation most vividly? It's time to find out who takes home the 2016-17 Premier League Tough Place To Go Cup!
As with last summer, I went back through Google News looking for any mention of the phrase “a tough place to [go/come/visit etc]” throughout the season, carefully noting them down as I went.
Last year, nailed-on favourites Stoke City claimed the inaugural Premier League Tough Place To Go title in a landslide victory, with the Britannia Stadium/Bet365 Stadium having the moniker bestowed upon it ten times.
Have things changed this year? Has the reputation left behind by Tony Pulis faded any more than Mark Hughes prepares for his fifth season as Stoke manager? There's only one way to find out…
Initial observations
Oddly, I counted the exact same number of utterances of “a tough place to go” (or TPTG) in 2016-17 as in the previous season: 52 in total.
I'd like to give a special shout-out to Ray Wilkins, who used it three times for three different teams in the same interview. When grading each team's weekend for the Sky Sports website back in October, he described the homes of Arsenal, Bournemouth, and Burnley as a TPTG. That was despite only Burnley winning at home that weekend; Arsenal and Bournemouth drew with Middlesbrough and Spurs respectively.
Wilkins' TPTG explosion aside, the most prolific user of the idiom was Sean Dyche: three times, one of which was about his own club, Burnley. Yes, that still counts.
The expression ‘a tough place to go' is widespread, and isn't just deployed by the kind of people you might expect (both Neville brothers, Harry Kane, Charlie Adam, Gary Cahill, or Paul Merson, for instance). It's also been recorded spilling out of the mouths of Pablo Zabaleta, Francesco Guidolin, David de Gea, Cesar Azpilicueta, Vincent Kompany, and Jan Vertonghen.
There was also an incredibly rare variation on the cliché from Darren Anderton, who in May described White Hart Lane as ‘a tough place to leave'. Speaking as someone who once seemingly got locked inside Sheffield Wednesday's ground after a game and had to go looking for the groundsman, I sympathise.
When is it used?
It remains relatively rare for people to describe a ground as a TPTG after the home team has actually won there. Most often, it is used after a draw, presumably partly in lieu of anything interesting to say about a boring stalemate, and partly as an act of self-reassurance on the speaker's party.
“This is a tough place to go”, they tell themselves and, by implication, the gathered media pressing them for their thoughts. “A point is pretty good.”
The expression was used 17 times before a match, 27 times after a match (only 26% of which actually ended in a home win), and eight times as a general comment.
The unmentionables
For the second year running, the team with the worst home record received no nominations (Villa last year, Sunderland this), showing even the biggest bullsh*tters in the game have limits.
Last year, Villa were the only side not nominated. This time around, Sunderland are joined in the hall of shame by three other sides. This seems pretty harsh on Man City (sixth-best home record in the country) and Hull (13th-best, and a point better than Stoke), but it's hard to argue with it in the case of West Ham United – unless you're arguing that the Hammers themselves found their new ground a tough place to go.
And the 2016-17 Premier League Tough Place To Go Cup goes to…
OK. Enough stalling. Let's crown our champions.
Notable contenders included Everton and Liverpool, which were fair enough, boasting the fourth- and fifth-best home records respectively.
Bizarrely, the Merseyside clubs were pushed all the way by Crystal Palace, who received five nominations despite having the third-worst home record in the country. Even weirder, both of those facts were also true in 2015-16. That's what having Sam Allardyce, Neil Warnock and Tony Pulis among your most recent managers will do for a club.
Clearly, Stoke were always going to be a contender, but a new rival emerged this year that ticks all the right boxes. Punching above their weight at home? Tick. Provincial town in the north of England? Tick. Old-school stadium? Tick. Reputation for agricultural football? Tick. English manager with a chip on his shoulder? Tick, tick, bloody tick.
It was close, but we have a new champion. Move aside Stoke City; the new official Tough Place To Go Cup winners are Burnley!
The Bet365 Stadium put up a very creditable fight and looked set to retain their title through much of the season, but a late surge of support for Burnley's title bid in April and May took the title to Turf Moor. Now I know what you're thinking: Burnley won by just a single mention, and one of their nominations was by Dyche himself – how can that possibly be fair? But you make your own luck in this game, and if you want to tell the big man what he can and can't say then be my guest.
Hit me up on Twitter so I know where to send the trophy, Sean.
Steven Chicken – follow him on Twitter
People have checked out books and other materials from the Greensburg Hempfield Area Library at about the same rate for more than a decade, but circulation has dipped the last two years.
The library lent out 165,189 items in 2016, including 25,617 ebooks and other downloadable items. That's the lowest circulation since 2007.
Circulation typically fluctuates between 170,000 and 200,000 items.
The library is asking voters in six municipalities to agree to a one-mill property tax that would raise about $716,000 a year and cost the average property owner about $22 a year.
Opponents of the referendum say the library is becoming increasingly irrelevant in an era of instantly accessible information.
New Stanton resident Thomas Smith vehemently opposes the tax. He has erected signs urging New Stanton residents to “Vote No,” several of which have been stolen, he said. He has also taken to the street, demonstrating outside the Westmoreland County Courthouse — a few blocks from the library's main branch in downtown Greensburg — to try to convince voters the tax is a bad idea.
“It's not about the kids. It's about people trying to save their jobs,” he said.
Students have school libraries and the internet to find information, he said.
He's against the proposed one-mill tax because it would only affect property owners.
“Why should the property owners be the only ones who have to pay for this?” he said.
Library board members say those who question the library's usefulness haven't been paying attention.
“I would say that is coming from people who have no idea about using a library and have never used it in their lives,” said library board member Brenda White.
The library is a place not just for students but for adults who otherwise might not have access to technology, said board President Jeanne Smith.
She recounted a recent story of a man without internet access, who used the library to find and apply for jobs.
“I think that's what people need to realize,” Smith said. “Librarians, they do a lot of these types of things. They help people fill out resumes and fill out job applications online.”
Despite the circulation dip, the library is still the most-used in the county — and isn't compensated accordingly, White said.
In 2015, the most recent year for which countywide data is available, Greensburg Hempfield Area Library had 17,206 cardholders, the most of the 19 libraries in the Westmoreland Library Network. Norwin Public Library was second with 16,330.
Yet Norwin was the system's best-funded library. Its $703,129 in revenue was almost 19 percent higher than Greensburg Hempfield's total income of $569,720.
Greensburg Hempfield Area Library officials say the lack of support from local governments is one of the main reasons for its ongoing financial woes.
Greensburg Hempfield ranked seventh in the county in local financial support in 2015, receiving $58,998 from the municipalities it serves. That was well below municipal support received by Norwin ($487,668), Murrysville Community Library ($267,986) and Penn Area Library ($180,216).
Voters in Hempfield, Greensburg, New Stanton, Youngwood, South Greensburg and Southwest Greensburg will vote Nov. 7 on the library tax.
Jacob Tierney is a Tribune-Review staff writer. Reach him at 724-836-6646, jtierney@tribweb.com or via Twitter @Soolseem.
Jacob Tierney is a Tribune-Review staff reporter. You can contact Jacob at 724-836-6646, jtierney@tribweb.com or via Twitter .
The old-time home of the Gino's Giant is coming back to Harford County in a big way.
Gino's Burgers and Chicken will be opening on Beards Hill Road in Aberdeen in late October or November, vice president of operations Tom Clatterbuck confirmed Wednesday.
The restaurant also plans to open franchises in Abingdon and Fallston sometime next year. Clatterbuck did not know exactly where those sites would be.
The Aberdeen eatery is the first business announced for the new Corner At Beards Hill shopping center, at Beards Hill Road and West Bel Air Avenue, near Canby Motors.
Construction is well under way at the shopping center and is set to be finished in the spring of 2013.
Gino's was originally on Route 40 in Aberdeen, on the site of the current Pat's Pizzeria restaurant.
"Since we bought the company back in 2010, we have had a lot of comments and interest on our Facebook page and GinosGiant.com from people in Aberdeen and Bel Air and throughout the area," Clatterbuck said.
Clatterbuck, who was also with the restaurant from 1968 to 1978, said Gino's did "very well" in Harford County.
Gino's was founded in 1957 by two former Baltimore Colts players, Alan Ameche and Gino Marchetti, and closed in 1991. The popularity of Gino's restaurants coincided with the region's love affair with the Baltimore Colts that lasted until the last couple of years of Bob Irsay's control of the team as the absentee owner from Chicago transformed the area's love for the NFL team into a hatred for him. Irsay stole the Colts out of Baltimore for Indianapolis in March 1984.
President Tom Romano re-opened the company in the Baltimore area last year, with an original 10-restaurant deal.
Now the company has a deal for 22 franchises, company spokeswoman Margaret Varani said.
"I am very excited about getting Aberdeen up; so many memories," she said. "We have brought it back as 'fast-casual.'"
The Aberdeen site will be 3,500 square feet, with a drive-through window, comparable to the Towson location, Clatterbuck said.
He expects Gino's to be a success again in Harford County.
"We get calls every day: 'When is the location going to open?'" he said.
Mayor Mike Bennett said he heard shortly after the shopping center was announced that Gino's would be moving in.
"It's kind of exciting. I used to live on Gino's Giants, and they were the first ones that sold Kentucky Fried Chicken," he said.
"When I was working, out of high school, as a [police] dispatcher, Gino's would bring over any extra hamburgers they had on Friday or Saturday night," he recalled.
Although "older folks" will remember the restaurant, Bennett said he thinks it will also be popular for those who are less familiar.
"They will develop a new clientele among the younger people," he said. "I think they will do very well."
Gino's will be down the street from a Chick-fil-A restaurant also planned for Beards Hill Road.
Bennett said he has not heard about any other businesses yet for the Corner At Beards Hill.
The five major Internet service providers participating in the Copyright Alert System (CAS) haven't done a whole lot to publicize it. So a hacker group called NullCrew tried to change that by altering Time Warner's support page to feature a cartoon gorilla.
The ape is straight from that “rustled my jimmies” meme made popular on 4chan—in other words, it's a way of taunting Time Warner.
“We hacked Time Warner Cable, due to them attempting to participate in the six strikes,” the hacker group tweeted.
“Six strikes” is a common nickname for the CAS, a new system designed to inform users up to six times that they're pirating copyrighted files. It's drawn particular ire for the fifth and sixth alert, which tend to hamper users' service. For Time Warner users, that means having their browser “locked”—it's unclear exactly how that will work—until they call the company to have a chat about copyright.
It's unclear exactly how long the hack lasted, but NullCrew announced it just after midnight Wednesday, was still hacked after 5:00am, and was back to normal by about 8:00am.
Considering the hack probably wasn't seen by too many customers, maybe Time Warner should thank NullCrew. After all, it revealed a major, easily fixable security flaw in their site administration: According to NullCrew's archive of the hack, one of Time Warner's admin passwords was the default “changeme.”
“lolfail, learn to change default passwords,” NullCrew said.
Photo via NullCrew
Thousands of politicians and celebrities were allegedly targeted The publisher of the News of the World paid £1m in court costs after its journalists were accused of involvement in phone tapping, it has been claimed. The Guardian says three cases were settled out of court after journalists allegedly hired private investigators who obtained the information illegally. It claims News Group paid £700,000 in damages and costs to the head of the professional footballers' association. News International told the paper the case "means nothing to anyone here". A spokesman said: "This particular case means nothing to anyone here, and I've talked to all the people who would be involved." The BBC has yet to receive a response from News International. Mobile phones The Guardian claims up to 3,000 high-profile figures were targeted including model Elle Macpherson, former deputy prime minister John Prescott and the publicist Max Clifford. The News of the World editor at the time, Andy Coulson, said: "This story relates to an alleged payment made after I left the News of the World two and a half years ago. I have no knowledge whatsoever of any settlement with Gordon Taylor." A lot of the stories in the paper were coming from information that was highly private
John Prescott Mr Coulson, now the Conservative Party communications director, declined to comment further. A spokeswoman for David Cameron said the Conservative leader was "very relaxed" about the story. "The ramping up of this story is ridiculous - this is about a payment made well after Andy (Coulson) left the News of the World," she said. The Guardian says evidence alleging journalists used investigators to hack into the mobile phone messages and voicemails of numerous public figures was presented in High Court proceedings. It claims the investigators went in search of information such as bank statements and tax records. Mr Prescott told the BBC he had not been told his phone may have been tapped. "I had no evidence of this though frankly, a lot of the stories in the paper were coming from information that was highly private," he said. "It's quite staggering really." Police investigation Former Labour home secretary Charles Clarke said the allegations were "sensational". "If they are true, the behaviour of News International and some of its senior executives is disappointing, immoral and probably illegal," he said. John Whittingdale, Conservative chairman of the Commons culture committee, said it would consider the alleged revelations tomorrow. "I have to say I'm extremely surprised if it is the case that a payment of a million pounds has been made by News International to people who allegedly have had their phones intercepted by an investigator," he said. "We were given an absolute assurance when we carried out an inquiry that only one journalist on News of the World had any knowledge of interceptions - Clive Goodman," he said. Two years ago, Goodman, the News of the World's royal reporter, was jailed after pleading guilty to hacking into the phone messages of royal staff. A private investigator was also jailed and Mr Coulson resigned but he denied being aware of what was going on. The Guardian now says it has evidence of repeated involvement by the group's journalists in illegal activity, which could open the way for police inquiries and legal action by the victims. A Met Police spokesman said an investigation had been carried out into the alleged unlawful interception of telephone calls. "Two people were charged and subsequently convicted and jailed. We are not prepared to comment further," he said.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The complete withdrawal, which his political critics decried and his military team had worked hard to avert, was propelled by an irreconcilable dispute between the United States and Iraq over the legal immunity of a small force of military trainers that the Pentagon had planned to leave in the country. Though the president left open the possibility that trainers might still advise Iraqi troops, military officials said the chance of putting any significant American force there was slim.
Mitt Romney , the Republican presidential candidate, among others, scorned Mr. Obama for putting the sacrifices of American troops at risk and questioned whether the president had been motivated by “naked political calculation or simply sheer ineptitude in negotiations with the Iraqi government.”
Mr. Obama gave word of the decision to Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki , who faces rough political crosswinds of his own over the timing of the departure, in a video conference call. Mr. Obama's aides described the call as “poignant,” with the Iraqi leader expressing thanks for the sacrifices of American soldiers. As of Jan. 1, 2012, Mr. Obama said, the two countries will begin “a normal relationship between sovereign nations, an equal partnership based on mutual interest and mutual respect.”
The agreement to leave Iraq this year dates from late 2008, when Mr. Bush, before leaving office, made a farewell visit to Baghdad that was disrupted when an Iraqi journalist hurled his shoes at him and denounced him as a “dog.” American military officials had wanted a “residual” force of as many as tens of thousands of soldiers to remain past 2011 as an insurance policy against future violence.
Those numbers were scaled back, but the expectation was that 3,000 to 5,000 American troops would remain. Some top American military officials were dismayed by the decision, saying Mr. Obama was putting the best face on a breakdown in tortured negotiations with the Iraqis.
Pentagon lawyers insisted that the Iraqi Parliament grant soldiers immunity from legal prosecution. In recent weeks, American negotiators in Baghdad concluded that it would be impossible to obtain that protection, essentially scuttling any chance of a substantial troop presence there next year.
Mr. Obama and Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta kept the door open to further talks on trainers. While civilian and military officials characterized the withdrawal as a clean break, negotiations could always resume.
Video
“As I told Prime Minister Maliki, we will continue discussions on how we might help Iraq train and equip its forces,” Mr. Obama said. “After all, there will be some difficult days ahead for Iraq, and the United States will continue to have an interest in an Iraq that is stable, secure and self-reliant.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At the Pentagon, however, senior officials said that without a change in the tenor of Iraqi domestic politics, it was unlikely that any enduring American military presence could be negotiated with the Iraqi government.
Instead, these officials said, the two countries might look to create what one Pentagon official called “a smaller footprint and more flexible relationship.” That might include organizing joint exercises, inviting Iraqi officers to American military schools and offering to train Iraqis in other Middle Eastern nations where the United States has a presence.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“We're prepared to meet their training needs, we're prepared to engage in exercises with them, we're prepared to provide guidance and training with regard to their pilots,” Mr. Panetta told reporters traveling with him to Indonesia .
The United States will still keep about 160 military personnel to guard its embassy in Baghdad and manage the continuing military relationship. There will also be 4,000 to 5,000 private State Department security contractors, as well as a significant C.I.A. presence. In Afghanistan, about 95,000 American troops remain.
“We fought to give Iraqis a choice,” said a frustrated senior officer who was not authorized to speak publicly about the White House's decision. Another officer said, “Bottom line, it is a failure of the Iraqi government.”
American officials continued to express concern about gaps in Iraq's security capabilities to withstand what they view as continuing threats of sectarian violence and Iran 's malign influence. But political pressure in Iraq to end the American occupation gradually came to dominate military imperatives.
“Iraq is a highly nationalistic country, and we were not able to dislodge the view that they should not have foreign troops on their soil,” said Christopher R. Hill , a former American ambassador to Iraq who is now dean of the Josef Korbel School of International Studies at the University of Denver.
Mr. Obama's announcement drew mixed reactions in Washington, with Democrats generally approving while Republicans voiced fears that security gains in Iraq could be reversed without an American presence.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“While I'm concerned that a full withdrawal could jeopardize those gains,” Speaker John A. Boehner said in a statement, “I'm hopeful that both countries will work together to guarantee that a free and democratic Iraq remains a strong and stable partner for the United States in the Middle East .”
News of the American withdrawal was met with scattered celebrations in Iraq. In Sadr City , the Shiite district in Baghdad that is a bastion of anti-American sentiment, roughly 1,000 people celebrated under the picture of young Shiite men who had been killed by American troops.
“The United States here was just like Saddam Hussein ,” said Muslim Mohammed, 42, a government employee. “We never thought we'd get rid of Saddam, and we thought his sons would just take over. We thought the Americans would never leave and they would just create excuses to stay longer and longer.”
Mr. Obama, however, has stuck to his plans to end the combat mission and withdraw all troops, in part because he wants to channel energy to reviving the economy. “After a decade of war,” he declared, “the nation that we need to build — and the nation that we will build — is our own.”
Germany's interior ministry is considering taking steps toward bringing back conscription, including compulsory service to support the military. This is according to a report by German news agency DPA, which had access to a confidential copy of a government draft proposal.
The proposal, which is to be presented to the cabinet on Wednesday, comes as the government seeks to push forward a new concept for civilian defense, titled "Support of the Armed Forces."
Germany has been mulling new security strategies in light of recent terror attacks, as well as tensions over Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. The new proposals are meant in part to prepare the country for the possibility of NATO actions to defend its borders.
Conscription was suspended across Germany five years ago.
All bases covered
The draft proposal also takes into account the infrastructure and accommodations that will be required if compulsory service were to be reintroduced, including the building of lodgings such as barracks.
Military conscription was abolished in 2011 after 55 years because the government at the time said there was no longer a need for it.
Following a series of attacks in Germany in late July, Bavarian Interior Minister Joachim Herrmann said the country should also consider deploying the army, or Bundeswehr, within Germany.
Reactions
The parliamentary representative in charge of the German military, Hans-Peter Bartels, said the unfolding debate was, however, merely hypothetical in nature and not part of an actual agenda.
"Conscription would only be considered if there was a grave, long-lasting situation of danger, such as was the case with the Cold War," he told the regional daily newspaper "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung."
The parliamentary head of the leftwing "Die Linke" Party Jan Korte meanwhile criticized the government's rekindled debate on the issue, saying it wasn't interior minister Thomas de Maiziere's job to cause panic among the population with talk of conscription, referring to de Maiziere's draft proposal.
blc,ss/rc (dpa)
I recently sat with a trusted colleague. We discussed what we were up to, and how we were. The usual chit chat. I said, "You know, this year has just been … "
I didn't need to finish the sentence. She immediately knew what I meant and nodded.
I've had this same conversation many times this year, and that sentence has never needed to be finished for those who have been paying attention.
Resistance reframed
Whatever one might have expected out of Canada's sesquicentennial year, it's hard to imagine anyone predicting what it has become, and the resonance it will have in the future.
The wearying toll that 2017 has had on the First Nations, Métis and Inuit people I talk to is unlikely to drain away with the champagne at midnight on December 31.
The timing was ripe for Canada's sesquicentennial to meet vocal resistance, its message recast, its meaning reframed.
While any celebration of a colonial anniversary has spent some 500 years earning disdain from Indigenous peoples on Turtle Island, mainstream narratives reframe our political and physical oppression, making it more palatable for future generations. This selective storytelling also has the effect of numbing the wider public — to the point that our disdain still surprises some people.
But the timing was ripe for Canada's sesquicentennial to meet vocal resistance, its message recast, its meaning reframed. This resistance was foreshadowed by Idle No More, the election of a government promising a renewed relationship with Indigenous peoples, the final report from the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and an expanding Indigenous media presence.
What this will mean for the future remains to be seen. What it means in the present is a renewed debate about Canadian national identity.
Crashing the party
The last time Canada celebrated a major birthday there was similar outrage, perhaps best remembered in Chief Dan George's searing Lament for Confederation delivered at Expo '67.
The Indigenous actor makes a powerful statement during Canada's Centennial. 7:17
The ensuing fifty years have not erased the sentiments Chief George expressed that day, indeed they are perhaps more firmly held and more easily spread thanks to the prevalence of social media and a renewed activist community connected by digital means.
Activists, community leaders, and storytellers have called out the lack of movement on systemic and urgent issues — such as clean water, suicide and the underfunding of Indigenous children in their communities.
Artists have refashioned the meaning of the sesquicentennial, disrupting the celebration at every turn, advancing the national dialogue even as that dialogue is steeped in the same antiquated ideas that bubble to the surface during moments of colonial anxiety.
Witness the appropriation prize controversy as an example, or the debate that arose over the naming of monuments or schools. Many were quick to defend colonial history, tying themselves in rhetorical knots to protect cultural systems that erase and dehumanize, all in the name of free expression. Meanwhile, the same people have conveniently ignored that free expression has rarely been free for Indigenous peoples on Turtle Island.
Indeed, the cost can be severe.
Speaking truth
With everything that has been written spoken and demonstrated in 2017, Wente believes it will be impossible for Canadians to ignore how Indigenous people are treated. (Emma Day)
Time and time again this year, more than any year I can remember recently, First Nations, Métis and Inuit people have been forced to defend their right to exist at all, let alone their creativity or stories.
This is a stark reminder of the meaning of the sesquicentennial for Indigenous peoples, a message that one can only hope has reached many beyond our communities. Indeed there is reason to believe that it has.
While comment sections and Twitter at times suggest otherwise, the election of the Trudeau government was a bellwether for a shift within many Canadians. They have heard the voices that have been so often muted, if not silenced, previously.
The path to conciliation (reconciliation implies that we are repairing a once fair relationship) is still fraught with much misunderstanding and much fear. But many still yearn for action, even as the government struggles to live up to its promises.
While the Royal Commission on Aboriginal Peoples of 20 years ago was largely ignored, the Truth and Reconciliation Commission's report has found a more receptive audience, even if so many pundits who haven't read it still feel comfortable pronouncing on it.
The truth spoken by those who testified before the commission has unleashed further truth telling and, after this year, it may well be impossible for Canada to look away again. We won't let it.
Change should not be feared
"Future birthdays are already altered," says Jesse Wente. "It is certain that the story of Canada will change after this year." (Emma Day)
Slowly, the change has crept into the storytelling systems that will help reshape the national narrative for the next birthday.
Commitments by cultural institutions such as the NFB, CBC, Telefilm and the CMF to fund Indigenous content should bring more Indigenous-made stories to the wider public. The massive change at the Canada Council for the Arts, as well as its recent re-enforcement of its stance on cultural appropriation, will further recast creativity in Canada for years to come.
All while First Nations, Métis and Inuit creators have reached new heights of power and productivity.
There is no going back without further exposing the false narratives that formed the creation myth of Canada.
The inevitability of coming change is often obscured by the constant need to redress out-of-date arguments and ideas. Fear of that change encourages the silencing of those working to enact it.
But make no mistake, Indigenous voices have already changed the dialogue, and there is no going back without further exposing the false narratives that formed the creation myth of Canada.
Future birthdays are already altered, if they will occur at all, and it is certain that the story of Canada will change after this year.
Change should not be feared but embraced as part of a young nation maturing and finding its identity while measuring itself against the ideals it extols.
As exhausting as this year has been, it has not been in vain. Our ancestors honoured us with their lives, as we must now honour them. They never wanted us to fear, and we should not, for our future relations will benefit from our refusal to be afraid.
I will see Canada's next birthday through the eyes of my children and their children. I already know it will be very different and that a very different story will be told.
There is nothing to fear in that.
No catastrophe keeps the world from spinning, but on the afternoon of March 11, 2011, it was pushed ever so slightly on its axis. The earthquake that shook Japan that day was the most powerful in the country's history — powerful enough to alter the earth's rotation, powerful enough to churn up a tsunami that killed thousands, and, for those lives proximate to the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant, powerful enough to halt time indefinitely. Five years after the Fukushima meltdown — the worst nuclear disaster ever, after Chernobyl — wall calendars are still flipped to March 2011. In convenience stores, bottles of Listerine sit unsold on their shelves. So swift was the postmeltdown evacuation that at laundromats, you can still find towels and underwear that had been left churning in the washing machines. “It's only fit for ghosts,” 77-year-old Tatsuko Shiga told TIME in 2014.
Last month, the 27-year-old Malaysian photographer Keow Wee Loong ventured — ghostlike, if you will — into the Fukushima exclusion zone, within the 20-km radius around the old power plant. “I like to photograph places where people don't go,” he tells TIME. In the past, he has scaled skyscrapers and volcanoes; this venture seems comparatively mortal, and eerily so. The photos he shot capture Japanese life in suspended animation, at once surreal and too real.
It probably goes without saying that he was not supposed to be there. Trains no longer run from Tokyo all the way to the contaminated district, and so he drove four hours north with his assistant Sherena Ng. By his account, he did not wear a radiation suit, because he lost his cash and credit card in Tokyo and could not afford to buy one.
It's impossible to know at this point how much radiation he was exposed to. After the meltdown, fallout was distributed unevenly throughout the area surrounding the plant: when TIME visited the facility in 2014, a dosimeter's readings varied drastically within a range of only several hundred meters. Radiation cleanup efforts have been diligent but spotty.
Keow says they were more concerned about getting caught, since they forewent the hassle of procuring the necessary permits. To avoid police detection, he says, they hiked into the exclusion zone — 25 km through the woods each way, starting at 2 in the morning. They spent 12 hours in the towns of Tomioka, Namie, Futaba and Okuma, wandering through the uncanny shadows of a truncated world. Weeds push through the cracks of abandoned streets. Keow found a box of unopened PlayStations at one location and a lot of used cars (formerly for sale) in another. Magazines dated from early 2011 are still perched on the shelves of an abandoned bookstore.
Though he stresses that his work is not political, Keow says he intends to bring awareness to the “devastating effects” of nuclear power.
“Not many people have access to this area,” he says. “I wanted to be the one to document it.”
He appears in many of his photographs, thanks to a tripod he brought with him. We see him rifling through the clothes left at a laundromat and reading the magazines that had been shaken to the ground in the tremors of the earthquake. He wasn't lying when he said he didn't wear a hazmat suit — instead, he's in shorts, sandals, a hoodie and a ventilation mask. I ask why he chose to compose these shots as self-portraits.
“Because a photo without humans in it is soulless,” he says.
[Update 7/22/16: In the days following TIME's publication of Keow Wee Loong's photographs from Fukushima, a number of readers expressed what they saw as several issues with the collection of images. Some said that Keow's decision to enter and photograph the streets and commercial properties of Fukushima was disrespectful to the Japanese who have worked hard to pick up the pieces in the wake of the 2011 disaster; others accused him of fabricating the images or lying about their provenance.
TIME has confirmed the veracity of the photos, which were also published by a number of other sites (among them CNN and The Guardian). But in light of the conversation that followed, we asked Keow for his response to the negative reader reactions. (Note: in the story that accompanied the photos, the name of the town of Tomioka was misspelled.)
“I believe in the documentation and preservation of historical events because it can speak volumes about a country's perseverance and unity during times of turmoil,” Keow told TIME on Friday. “I went into Fukushima with that mindset — to document the devastating consequences and to spread awareness of the long-lasting effects of nuclear power. I focused on the unfortunate consequences — instead of the improvements — because it would cause people to reflect more. I deeply apologize to the residents of Fukushima if they felt I disrespected their home. My intentions were not malicious.”]
(CNN) Facebook acknowledged this week that it had unwittingly sold $100,000 worth of political ads on its site to a Russia company which has done pro-Kremlin work in the past. It's not clear how extensive this effort was but the development comes amid the ongoing special counsel probe led by Robert Mueller into Russia interference in the 2016 election and the possibility of collusion between the foreign power and the Trump campaign.
Wondering how something like this could happen with Facebook, I reached out to CNN Tech's Seth Fiegerman for answers. Our conversation, conducted via email and lightly edited for flow, is below. (Make sure to check out Seth's big explainer on Facebook's Russia problem here .)
Cillizza: Let's start basic. How does Facebook sell political ads?
Fiegerman: If you're picturing a "Mad Men" scenario where Facebook executives sit in suits (or hoodies) around a table brokering all their ad deals, it's probably time to retire that image.
Facebook representatives may get directly involved in helping a particularly big operation, like a presidential campaign. But a key part of Facebook's ad business is the self-service model. You or I can create an ad account, pick an article or Facebook page we want to promote, determine how much we want to spend on it and then select various targeting options. And Facebook's targeting potential is impressive: They know your age, location, gender and interests. As I've reported before, Facebook has long touted its ability to influence voting decisions just as it influences buying decisions
Cillizza: How much money was spent on political ads during the 2016 campaign? And what was the breakdown between D and R?
Fiegerman: This hits on a deeper concern. There is very little transparency about how much is spent on political advertising online. It's not a data point the big tech companies break out. The 2016 election was expected to be the first where : This hits on a deeper concern. There is very little transparency about how much is spent on political advertising online. It's not a data point the big tech companies break out. The 2016 election was expected to be the first where overall digital ad spending hit the $1 billion mark , according to third party estimates. That still trails behind the billions spent on TV ads, but it's certainly nothing to sneeze at. Facebook, along with Google, was well positioned to claim a big chunk of that spending.
Cillizza: What is Facebook's ad-screening process? How can a foreign government slip through that screen?
Fiegerman: On its website, Facebook says it typically reviews ads within 24 hours. It may ban ads for a long list of reasons, including promoting illegal products, adult content, profanity or engages in discriminatory practices. But keep in mind: there are millions of companies and individuals buying ads on the social network. That's a lot to vet.
The ads placed by the Russian-linked accounts may not have violated those specific guidelines, but the use of a network of fraudulent accounts certainly breaks Facebook's rules. This is an ongoing challenge for Facebook. It continues to develop technical solutions for detecting fake accounts and pages.
Cillizza: Is there any sense of whether this one $100,000 ad buy was an isolated incident or a small piece of a much-bigger spending/persuasion operation?
Fiegerman: The fake accounts behind the ad buy are said to have been created by the Internet Research Agency, a Russian company that has been described as a "troll farm" and is known for engaging in propaganda campaigns. The goal, as described by Facebook, was to "focus on amplifying divisive social and political messages." That included topics like immigration and gun rights.
Cillizza: Finish this sentence: "The damage done to Facebook from this story is __________." Now, explain.
Fiegerman: "Significant."
The amount spent on ads may be small, but has the potential to further damage public trust in Facebook.
Days after the US election, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said he thought the idea that fake news stories on Facebook influenced the election was "crazy." But his company has spent much of this year trying to curb the spread of fake news. This latest controversy will only add to concerns about how Facebook manages its tremendous power. And it comes at a time when there is mounting antitrust scrutiny of the big tech companies in the US and Europe.
Oh my Holy Spaghetti Monster, this beast of a drawing is finally done. And it's only taken selling my soul and a kidney to pull it off! Hurray! *chokes*Anyway, onto the serious stuff:is a commission for who was kind enough to put up with my crap forever until I got this done. Thank you so much!As per his request, the picture shows his custom Shepard with my custom Tali, together on Rannoch.I've never done anything to this scale, and that's why I'm so grateful I had the chance to do this commission; because it forced me to do things I never would have tried on my own.The mountains, the sea, the grass, the tree... even the metals on Tali's neck or the leather on Shep's jacket, they were all my first attempt at it. I don't think I can complain too much.Anyway, ramble ramble, gurgle, ramble, pretty pictures, ramble, and whatnot. I talk a lot.Bottom line is, please fave, comment and commission me maybe?--------------------------Some stock images used as reference: [link] --------------------------
Couch is a series about psychotherapy.
Photo
A FEW weeks ago, I received an email from the Danish psychiatrist Per Bech that had an unexpected attachment: a story about a patient. I have been writing a book about antidepressants — how well they work and how we know. Dr. Bech is an innovator in clinical psychometrics, the science of measuring change in conditions like depression. Generally, he forwards material about statistics.
Now he had shared a recently published case vignette. It concerned a man hospitalized at age 30 in 1954 for what today we call severe panic attacks. The treatment, which included “narcoanalysis” (interviewing aided by a “truth serum”), afforded no relief. On discharge, the man turned to alcohol. Later, when sober again, he endured increasing phobias, depression and social isolation.
Four decades later, in 1995, suicidal thoughts brought this anxious man back into the psychiatric system, at age 70. For the first time, he was put on an antidepressant, Zoloft. Six weeks out, both the panic attacks and the depression were gone. He resumed work, entered into a social life and remained well for the next 19 years — until his death.
If the narrative was striking, so was its inclusion in a medical journal. In the past 20 years, clinical vignettes have lost their standing. For a variety of reasons, including a heightened awareness of medical error and a focus on cost cutting, we have entered an era in which a narrow, demanding version of evidence-based medicine prevails. As a writer who likes to tell stories, I've been made painfully aware of the shift. The inclusion of a single anecdote in a research overview can lead to a reprimand, for reliance on storytelling.
My own view is that we need storytelling in medicine, need it for any number of reasons.
Repeatedly, I have been surprised by the impact that even lightly sketched case histories can have on readers. In my book “Listening to Prozac,” I wrote about personality and how it might change on medication. “Should You Leave?” concerned theories of intimacy. Readers, however, often used the books for a different purpose: identifying depression. Regularly, I received — and still receive — phone calls: “My husband is just like — ” one or another figure from a clinical example. For a decade and more, public health campaigns had circulated symptom lists meant to get people to recognize mood disorders, and still there remained a role for narrative to complete the job.
Other readers wrote to say that they'd recognized themselves. Seeing that they were not alone gave them hope. Encouragement is another benefit of case description, familiar to us in this age of memoir.
But vignettes can do more than illustrate and reassure. They convey what doctors see and hear, and those reports can set a research agenda.
Consider my experience prescribing Prozac. When it was introduced, certain of my patients, as they recovered from their depression or obsessionality, made note of personality effects. These patients said that, in responding to treatment, they had become “myself at last” or “better than baseline” — often, less socially withdrawn. I presented these examples first in essays for psychiatrists and then in my book, where I surrounded the narrative material with accounts of research. (Findings in cell biology, animal ethology and personality theory suggested that such antidepressants, which altered the way the brain handled serotonin, might increase assertiveness.)
My loosely buttressed descriptions — and colleagues' similar observations — led in time to controlled trials that confirmed the “better than well” phenomenon. (One study of depressed patients found that Paxil drastically decreased their “neuroticism,” or emotional instability. Patients who became “better than well” appeared to gain extra protection from further bouts of mood disorder.) But doctors had not waited for controlled trials. In advance, the better-than-well hypothesis had served as a tentative fact. Treating depression, colleagues looked out for personality change, even aimed for it. Because clinical observations often do pan out, they serve as low-level evidence — especially if they jibe with what basic science suggests is likely.
To be sure, this approach, giving weight to the combination of doctors' experience and biological plausibility, stands somewhat in conflict with the principles of evidence-based medicine. The movement's manifesto, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association in 1992, proclaimed a new era that would see near-exclusive reliance on systematic clinical research — the direct assessment of treatments in patients. But even the manifesto conceded that less formal expertise would remain important in areas of practice that had not been subject to high-level testing.
THAT concession covers much of the territory. Making decisions about prescribing, often I exhaust the guidance that trials can give — and then I consult experts who tell me about this case and that outcome. Practicing psychotherapy, I employ methods that will never be subject to formal assessment. Among my teachers I number colleagues I know only through their descriptions of patient encounters. One psychoanalyst, Hellmuth Kaiser, imparted his wisdom through a fictional case portrayed in a stage play. I follow his precepts daily, hourly.
I have long felt isolated in this position, embracing stories, which is why I warm to the possibility that the vignette is making a comeback. This summer, Oxford University Press began publishing a journal devoted to case reports. And this month, in an unusual move, the New England Journal of Medicine, the field's bellwether, opened an issue with a case history involving a troubled mother, daughter and grandson. The contributors write: “Data are important, of course, but numbers sometimes imply an order to what is happening that can be misleading. Stories are better at capturing a different type of ‘big picture.' ”
Stories capture small pictures, too. I'm thinking of the anxious older man given Zoloft. That narrative has power. As Dr. Bech and his co-author, Lone Lindberg, point out, spontaneous recovery from panic and depression late in life is rare. (Even those who put great stock in placebo pills don't imagine that they do much for conditions that are severe and chronic.) The degree of transformation in the Danish patient is impressive. So is the length of observation. No formal research can offer a 40-year lead-in or a 19-year follow-up. Few studies report on both symptoms and social progress. Research reduces information about many people; vignette retains the texture of life in one of its forms.
Photo
How far should stories inform practice? Faced with an elderly patient who was anxious, withdrawn and never medicated, a well-read doctor might weigh many potential sources of guidance, this vignette among them. Often the knowledge that informs clinical decisions emerges, like a pointillist image, from the coalescence of scattered information.
HERE is where I want to venture a radical statement about the worth of anecdote. Beyond its roles as illustration, affirmation, hypothesis-builder and low-level guidance for practice, storytelling can act as a modest counterbalance to a straitened understanding of evidence.
Take psychotherapy. Most of the research into its efficacy concerns cognitive behavioral therapy, or C.B.T., the treatment that teaches patients to moderate their habitual maladaptive thoughts. The reasons for this concentration are historical and temperamental. C.B.T. is rooted in a branch of psychology devoted to research, and the school of therapy attracts students who favor the practical and systematic over the spontaneous and poetic. There are no trials of existential psychotherapy.
But where the comparison has been made — primarily in the treatment of depression — C.B.T. does not outperform alternative approaches. (The alternatives tested are mostly distant derivatives of psychoanalysis.) And detailed research suggests that where C.B.T. works, specific techniques are not the reason. Studies of the components of therapy find that it is factors common to all schools, like the practitioner's commitment and the alliance with the patient, that do the job.
If we weigh “evidence” by the pound or the page, we risk moving toward a monoculture of C.B.T., a result I would consider unfortunate, since there are many ways to influence people for the better. Here's where case description shines. We hear the existential psychoanalyst Leston Havens describe his use of imitative statements, exclamations by the therapist that seem to come from within the patient: “What is one supposed to do?” For me, Dr. Havens's approach — sitting beside the patient metaphorically and looking outward, hand-crafting interventions on the spot — carries what I call psychological plausibility. The vignette corresponds to a convincing account of how people change.
It has been my hope that, while we wait for conclusive science, stories will preserve diversity in our theories of mind. For 17 years, starting in the 1980s, I ran a psychotherapy seminar for psychiatry residents. As readings, I assigned only case vignettes, trusting that one or another would speak to each trainee.
My recent reading of outcome trials of antidepressants has strengthened my suspicion that the line between research and storytelling can be fuzzy. In psychiatry — and the same is true throughout medicine — randomized trials are rarely large enough to provide guidance on their own. Statisticians amalgamate many studies through a technique called meta-analysis. The first step of the process, deciding which data to include, colors the findings. On occasion, the design of a meta-analysis stacks the deck for or against a treatment. The resulting charts are polemical. Effectively, the numbers are narrative.
Because so little evidence stands on its own, incorporating research results into clinical practice requires discernment. Thoughtful doctors consider data, accompanying narrative, plausibility and, yes, clinical anecdote in their decision making. To put the same matter differently, evidence-based medicine, properly enacted, is judgment-based medicine in which randomized trials, carefully assessed, are given their due.
I don't think that psychiatry — or, again, medicine in general — need be apologetic about this state of affairs. Our substantial formal findings require integration. The danger is in pretending otherwise. It would be unfortunate if psychiatry moved fully — prematurely — to squeeze the art out of its science. And it would be unfortunate if we marginalized the case vignette. We need storytelling, to set us in the clinical moment, remind us of the variety of human experience and enrich our judgment.
Peter D. Kramer, a clinical professor of psychiatry at Brown University, is the author of several books, including “Against Depression” and “Listening to Prozac.”
Orthodox 'priests' strip off for gay calendar they say will bring 'hope, joy and comfort'
Romanian Orthodox 2014 calendar creators say it pays tribute to gay marriage
Shots include nude models reading bible and posing on bed clutching some rosary beads
Advertisement
A new calendar created by Romanian Orthodox Christians featuring muscular male models in steamy poses has been unveiled.
The men behind the Romanian Orthodox 2014 calendar say it pays tribute to gay marriage, which, they say, 'is in the news all around the world and very timely'.
One shot shows a half-naked model reading the bible, another shows a man posing in the buff on a bed clutching some rosary beads.
A new calendar featuring Romanian Orthodox priests in scintillating poses has been unveiled and hopes to bring 'joy and comfort' to those who purchase it
'A great gift for people who like illustrations, artwork, artistic photography, and controversial art in their decor. These pictures will definitely bring you hope, joy and comfort,' promise the creators.
OC (Orthodox Calendar) was established in 2012 and is the brainchild of a group composed mostly of Orthodox Christian eastern Europeans of the former communist regions.
One of the calendar's organisers told The Huffington Post that the snaps don't feature any actual priests. The models are gay-friendly members 'of the Orthodox Church' who have chosen to strip down for the sexy shoot 'because they believe - like us - in freedom of speech, tolerance, equality and human rights.'
'This product is not intended to be used for religious purposes. It is a work of artistic expression and political and social commentary promoting the modernity and dynamism of persons involved in the Orthodox Church,' added the source.
The men behind the Romanian Orthodox 2014 calendar say it pays tribute to gay marriage, which, they say, 'is in the news all around the world and very timely'
'A great gift for people who like illustrations, artwork, artistic photography, and controversial art in their decor,' say the makers of the calendar
The creative group was established in 2012 and is the brainchild of a group composed mostly of Orthodox eastern Europeans of the former communist region
Writing on their website they say their primary goal is to 'demonstrate that Orthodox believers do not all fit the backward, hidebound stereotype portrayed in the press but rather are regular people with passions, preferences, interests and desires.
'At the same time, the calendar takes an ironic approach to the Orthodox Church itself, which in recent years has baeen embroiled in corruption scandals, artist repression, gay sex cover-ups, outrageous behavior and homophobia,' they add.
Through their calendars, the six creatives behind the calendar are hoping to counteract, what they describe as the 'negative and outdated influences of most of the Orthodox church leadership'.
The group say their primary goal is to 'demonstrate that Orthodox believers do not all fit the backward, hidebound stereotype portrayed in the press but rather are regular people with passions, preferences, interests and desires' and say their calendar is very timely
Photo sessions and casting took place in the predominantly Orthodox area of Eastern Europe and the group say they've had great support via social media
Reactions from within the church have been mixed.
According to the website: 'Some called them terrorists; some did not bother to react. The coolest reaction was from the Greek Patriarchy, who declared ”they did not approve but understand it could be appreciated by creative people and minorities".'
And indeed it has been. With bold colors, homoerotic undertones, OC's artwork has drawn comparisons to American photographer David LaChapelle and French artists Pierre & Gilles.
Photo sessions and casting took place in the predominantly Orthodox area of Eastern Europe. Casting calls have been open to the public via online announcement on the promoter's website.
The OC's artwork has drawn comparisons to the classics of David LaChapelle and Pierre & Gilles
AM - Friday, 4 July , 2008 08:22:00 Reporter: Michael Edwards TONY EASTLEY: Gay groups say police have begun questioning them about their planned activities during World Youth Day. New regulations give police extra powers during the event in Sydney.
Civil libertarians say the new rules are over-the-top and inflammatory and gay groups planning events to coincide with World Youth Day say they're already being unnecessarily scrutinised by police.
Michael Edwards has this story.
MICHAEL EDWARDS: Luke Roberts is a lapsed Catholic as well as a homosexual activist and performer who goes by the stage name, Pope Alice.
Pope Alice is best described as a celestial being whose greatest claim is that she is the "Queen of Heaven" and along with Pope Benedict, Pope Alice will also be in Sydney during World Youth Day.
LUKE ROBERTS: I want to see Pope Alice express herself as a focal point for anybody, gays, lesbians, transgender, intergender, queers, bisexuals, anybody, heterosexuals - anyone who have an open mind and want to say we have had enough of these medieval religions that keep the world backward.
MICHAEL EDWARDS: Pope Alice will host a so-called “kiss-in” to be held along Oxford Street in Darlinghurst.
LUKE ROBERTS: You're having your thing. We're having ours.
MICHAEL EDWARDS: Luke Roberts has made no secret of the proposed “kiss in” and yesterday it appeared the New South Wales Police also got wind of it.
He received a call in Brisbane from a policeman who identified himself as being from the World Youth Day Investigation Squad. He was then asked him a series of questions.
LUKE ROBERTS: He wanted to know how long I'd be there, how many people would actually be with me, would there be music, what was the nature of the event.
MICHAEL EDWARDS: Mr Roberts says that despite the fact the policeman was respectful and polite, he still felt intimidated.
LUKE ROBERTS: You do feel that you're not sure then, you know, whether your phones are going to be tapped, you know what I mean. You feel, of course, a little vulnerable.
MICHAEL EDWARDS: This week it was revealed New South Wales Police have been given the power to arrest anyone who in their view causes annoyance or inconvenience to pilgrims during World Youth Day.
Offenders risk fines of up to $5,500. Protest groups worry about the definition of “annoying”.
They fear it could lead to the confiscation of items such as placards and t-shirts bearing anti-World Youth Day slogans.
Paul Harris is the co-convenor of Acceptance, a group for gay and lesbian Catholics which is planning to run a forum on homosexuality to coincide with the event. He also received a call from the New South Wales Police.
PAUL HARRIS: Initially, I thought it was the World Youth Day people. I thought it was, you know, some kind of World Youth Day CSI. Some secret police of the Catholic Church were trying to investigate what this gay group is on about. I didn't know who it was really.
TONY EASTLEY: Paul Harris, the co-convenor of the gay Catholic group, Acceptance, ending Michael Edwards' report.
A spokesman for New South Wales Police has told AM, the World Youth Day Investigation Squad is not about curtailing the rights of protesters - instead, its role is to ensure everyone's safety.
Robbie Keane has reiterated his desire to stay in America and continue playing for LA Galaxy in the MLS.
Keane has recently signed a new two-year contract and has an additional year as an option.
The 32-year-old has insisted he is very happy with life in America. Having featured for seven English clubs previously, Keane admitted he won't be returning to the Premier League before the end of his career.
Speaking before Ireland's friendly against Spain in New York, he told reporters: "Go back to whom? You're just playing for the sake of playing and making the numbers up unless you are playing for Manchester United, Chelsea, Tottenham or Liverpool.
"I am very, very happy, very content where I am in this situation in my life. If you keep playing and keep producing and keep scoring goals, it doesn't really matter where you are.
"I couldn't tell you if it is the best move of my career to be honest with you. At that moment in time, it was the right decision for me and the family, and I certainly don't have any regrets.
"I have just signed a two-year contract, possibly three years, so at this moment in time, I'm not thinking too far ahead. At the moment, I am very, very happy and I will just keep playing and keep plugging away."
Keane joined LA Galaxy in 2011 and has been prolific in the MLS since his move. In the 55 appearances he's made for the club, he has scored 31 goals.
But with his career coming to an end, the striker has admitted that going into management is something he's interested in when he eventually retires.
"I am doing my coaching badges in December - but I am going to try to play as long as I can first," he said. "When you get older, you tend to analyse whereas when you are younger, you have got no worries, you just think it's never, ever going to end.
"As you get older, you understand the game a lot more and you watch the mangers closely, like Marco (Tardelli), the manager, and see their different ideas.
"I have been lucky enough to play for one of the great managers, so hopefully that will stand me in good stead."
At the start of the 2013 season, Keane was announced as LA Galaxy captain taking over from Landon Donovan.
The striker recently became Ireland's most capped player and will take his cap tally to 127 against Spain in New York tonight.
Write for GiveMeSport! Sign up to the GMS Writing Academy here: https://bit.ly/12evFlH
DISCLAIMER: This article has been written by a member of the GiveMeSport Writing Academy and does not represent the views of GiveMeSport.com or SportsNewMedia. The views and opinions expressed are solely that of the author credited at the top of this article. GiveMeSport.com and SportsNewMedia do not take any responsibility for the content of its contributors.
It was previously revealed that Girls' Generation and actors Park Seo Joon and Kang Ha Neul would be appearing in upcoming episodes of “Running Man.”
On August 4, SBS released a new teaser for their summer special episode, which will be divided into three parts. The first part will feature Park Seo Joon and Kang Ha Neul, who are currently promoting their new film “Midnight Runners,” as they take on the role of “policemen” in an attempt to find the “boss” amongst the “Running Man” cast members.
The second part will feature Girls' Generation and the teaser heightens anticipation for the episode as it shows the members having a dance-off in school uniforms, a nostalgic look they haven't sported in a while.
The third part will be a horror-themed episode, as it shows the cast members frantically running about a creepy location as chilling music plays in the background.
The “Summer Vacation Special” episode will air on August 6 at 4:50 p.m. KST.
Original Image
Over on Icecap ( http://icecap.us/ ) for January 12th, Joseph D'Aleo has a very interesting article looking at Central Park. I'm going to focus in on just one little graph from his posting, the one above.
UPDATE: (18 Jan 2010) In talking with Joseph, he has confirmed using GISS data, not the actual “unadjusted” data from NOAA / NCDC. I've sent him the “unadjusted” GHCN data and he reports that it is not significantly divergent from the actual “raw” data he got from NY directly. This article as been re-edited to reflect that change in the interpretation of the graph.)
Joseph did the leg work to find the real raw data and compare it to the NOAA / NCDC GHCN “unadjusted” data as merged with the NOAA / NCDC USHCN “corrected” data in GIStemp. What he finds are that the “unadjusted + corrected” data are very much adjusted (and some of us would say very much “maladjusted” ;-) as it flows part way though GIStemp.
Exactly which step is used is something I'm still looking into. It is at least the “as combined” step and perhaps the “homogenized” step that includes an Urban Heat Island Effect correction. The original version of this posting called it the “unadjusted” data based on the name used on the chart (The GISS web site lables it “Raw” on the dropdown menu first selection).
The data he used is not the GHCN Unadjusted data directly, but the data set used is the result of the processing of GIStemp. (The link in the paper at Icecap connects to the GISS web site, not to NOAA / NCDC. The option to download the STEP0 data is labled “Raw GHCN + USHCN corrections” at GISS). If that was, in fact, the data set used; then the graph will reflect the merger process in GIStemp STEP0.
That process looks for the existence of both sets of data (GHCN “unadjusted” and USHCN – version one prior to November 15th 2009, and version 2 with added “adjustments” thereafter). If only one exists, that one is used. If both exist, then they are averaged, in an odd sort of way. To the extent the heading on this graph ought to have been “GHCN Unadjusted AND USHCN” there will be some USHCN derived adjustments making up part of that “unadjusted” line. To the extent that the “as combined” data were used, the chart does not change much (it is mostly an ‘in fill' process). And to the extent that the “homogenized” data were used, then this chart shows what the “homogenization” process does to the data. (And potentially, for all cases, what “adjustements” are in the USHCN version 2 set.)
In either case, that 3 F increase in the warming trend is present at some point in the GIStemp process of STEP0 to STEP2 (step zero is the very first ‘glue data sets together' part of GIStemp. GIStemp is the program from NASA / GISS that creates those “anomaly maps” showing we have warmed by some fractions of a degree and so, ought to panic). One way or another, that 3 F warming trend “bump” is in the making of that product…
Just look at that. Up to 3 whole degrees of F (over 3 in a couple of places) of added “warming trend” via the NOAA / NCDC “corrected” adjustments and GIStemp processing. Heck, even the language you must use to describe what is going on is painful to the ear. But what else to call it? The lables NCDC applies are “unadjusted” and “corrected” so that has to be used to know which data sets I'm talking about. The data are clearly changed, so it is adjusted. And we are left with lumpy terms in quotations like – “Unadjusted + corrected” data and “raw + corrected” that isn't raw and is adjusted; and “homogenized” that is both truncated and UHI corrected as well.
You can take nothing for granted when reading the NAME of a data set used in climate “research”.
In the first version of this posting, I had written:
It looks to me like we will need to go all the way back to “first sources” to have any hope of finding out what is really going on in the temperature history of the planet. GHCN “Unadjusted” clearly is too adjusted to be suitable to the task.
Given the new comparision of NOAA / NCDC GHCN “unadjusted” without the GISTemp processing to the actual raw data from NY, I now say instead:
It looks to me like we will need to go ahead of GIStemp and use GHCN “unadjusted” to find out what is going on in the temperature history of the planet. We don't need to go all the way back to “first sources” to have any hope of finding out what is really going on in the temperature history of the planet, but ought to do so for some QA checks along the way. USHCN Version 2 is too “corrected” and GIStemp “homogenized” is clearly is too adjusted to be suitable to the task.
This is very good news to me, since it means that all the analysis I've done using GHCN “unadjusted” is using valid data and I don't have to do it all over again! Be advised that NOAA / NCDC is rumored to be making a new version of GHCN that uses the same adjustment method as USHCN Version 2; so we may be right back at this “know your adjustments” issue again in a month. One hopes they continue to make available an “unadjusted” version…
I will be digging through the varous “versions” of the data made available by NOAA / NCDC (GHCN – the Global Historical Climate Network both “unadjusted” and “adjusted”; USHCN – the U. S. Historical Climate Network both “version one” and “version two”. USHCN claims to be “corrected” but it is unclear which “corrections” are adjustments… some documents describe the USHCN as unadjusted, but corrected.) and the data from GISS in GIStemp (both STEP0 “Raw GHCN + USHCN corrected” and the newer version that uses USHCN Version2 that is known to have some adjustments in it. GIStemp only began using USHCN V2 a couple of months ago.) I'll make a follow-up posting here when I've got something to show.
If all this talk about 4 different versions of the same data for the same location (Central Park) has your head swimming, just think on this: They are all held out as valid and correct by NOAA / NCDC. The same organization produces all of: GHCN “unadjusted”, GHCN “adjusted”, USHCN “corrected”, and USHCN Version2. They all are available for download now.
GISS, from GISTemp, makes available a further 3 variations plus anomaly maps. Taking the NOAA / NCDC data and reworking it into yet more variations.
So exactly what “input data” are the right ones? You get to chose based on what ‘adjustments' and ‘corrections' you would like to have. And they are different from each other, often by several degrees. From this we are supposed to be excited about fractional degrees of change? There is much more than that in the adjustments…
Advertisements
CLOSE The National Weather Service has issued a blizzard warning for the Hawaiian mountains of Mauna Loa and Mauna Kea. Matt Hoffman reports. Buzz60
Almost every year, snow falls on the peaks of Mauna Kea and Mauna Loa volcanoes. This photo taken by a NASA satellite on Dec. 25, 2016. (Photo: NASA)
Do you want to build a snowman in paradise? Hawaii's mountainous peaks picked up 8 inches of snow overnight this week after a blizzard hit the summit of Mauna Kea on the Big Island of Hawaii.
Most of the snow fell late Tuesday into early Wednesday, and a blizzard warning for Mauna Kea and its sister peak Mauna Loa was canceled Thursday. A few additional snow showers were forecast, with no accumulation expected.
While the summits received snow, the rest of the Big Island dealt with heavy rain and thunderstorms that pelted the lower elevations. Both Oahu and Kauai were under flash flood warnings. Temperatures were mild, with highs in the 70s and 80s.
Snow on Hawaii's peaks is not uncommon in the colder months because they are nearly 14,000 feet high. Mauna Kea has a sub-Arctic climate, the weather service said.
“As long as we have deep enough clouds to support ice crystals, and when you have cold enough temperatures at the summit level, you can get snowfall,” said Matthew Foster, a staff meteorologist with the weather service in Honolulu.
Snow fell on both mountains on at least two occasions in December. Mauna Loa and its sister peak of Mauna Kea are both volcanoes. Mauna Kea is the highest point in the state.
The only other area of Hawaii that gets snow with any regularity is the Haleakalā volcano on Maui, which at about 10,000 feet gets snow once every five years or so.
The coldest temperature ever recorded in Hawaii was 12 degrees on Mauna Kea on May 17, 1979, the weather service said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lDsNtW
UK's BSkyB Wins Case Against Microsoft Over Use Of “SkyDrive” Name In Europe; May Have To Drop Name Or Pay Fines
Microsoft went big on pushing cloud services this week at its Build conference, but today it was dealt a blow for how it might get to market them in Europe. BSkyB, the pay-TV broadcaster partly owned by News Corp., won a judgement in the England and Wales High Court against the U.S. software giant for infringing the “Sky” trademark.
The next step is another hearing in which the presiding judge, Justice Sarah Asplin, will hear arguments for an appeal from Microsoft, as well as decide on what remedies may be applied. Those remedies in past trademark cases have typically included financial compensation, an order to abandon usage of a name, and sometimes both.
Background. The case between Sky and Microsoft started back in June 2011 and specifically concerns “an action for passing off and for infringement of two registered Community trademarks (CTMs) and two UK registered trademarks (UKTMs) for the mark ‘SKY' by which the Claimants [BSkyB] seek to prevent the Defendants [Microsoft] from using ‘SkyDrive' as the name for their cloud storage service throughout the European Union.” The judgement published today comes after an eight-day trial in April of this year.
BSkyB is one of the largest pay-TV service providers in Europe, and like many TV broadcasters it has leveraged this to grow its digital audience. Within that, Sky also provides mobile apps and an online streaming service that are — yes — cloud-based. It also provided its own online storage service between 2008 and 2011, Sky Store & Share.
Microsoft, on its side, has put in a counterclaim trying to invalidate four Sky trademarks “on the grounds of descriptiveness for cloud storage services.” In other words, Microsoft believes that it's not easy to confuse its cloud-based SkyDrive services with BSkyB's pay-TV, mobile and online services.
You can read the full judgement, written by Justice Sarah Asplin, here or embedded below. In it, she compares Sky's and Microsoft's arguments to a number of other precedents in areas as diverse as the beer and the educational publishing industries, and weighs it up alongside evidence from surveys of existing users. Particularly detrimental to Microsoft's case is that the two services often sit quite close to each other, as demonstrated in this piece of evidence for how the apps appear on the XBox:
Reading through the case (warning: it's long) you can see that there are a lot of nuances, and so there may still be some options for Microsoft to appeal or get other leeway.
But regardless of that, Mrs Justice Asplin concluded today that the scope of BSkyB's “SKY” registered trademarks, as well as its goodwill in the SKY brand, was such that Microsoft's use of the “SkyDrive” mark was likely to cause confusion among consumers. She also decided that use by Microsoft of the “SkyDrive” brand was detrimental to the SKY mark which, in itself, amounted to trademark infringement.
A Microsoft spokesman has provided TechCrunch with a response to today's ruling. “This case is only about the SkyDrive name and has nothing to do with service availability or future innovation,” he said. “The decision is one step in the legal process and Microsoft intends to appeal.”
In a way, the folks at BSkyB probably feel like some kind of justice has been served. In 2010, BSkyB filed a case against Skype (coincidentally just around the time that Microsoft announced it would buy it) for that name infringing on the Sky mark. It doesn't appear that the case went anywhere, though.
We have reached out to BSkyB for its response and will update as we learn more.
Update: A Sky representative tells us, “Sky is pleased with the judgment handed down today by Mrs Justice Asplin. We regard any unauthorised use of the Sky name as a clear infringement of our well-established Sky brand. We remain vigilant in protecting the Sky brand and will continue to take appropriate action against those companies that seek to use our trademarks without consent.”
There are approximately 8 to 10 million patients complaining of chest pain coming to Emergency Departments (EDs) in the United States annually. In the US, we use a very liberal testing strategy in order to avoid acute coronary syndrome (ACS) in patients presenting with chest pain. This results in over 50% of ED patients with acute chest pain receiving serial cardiac biomarkers, stress testing, and cardiac angiography at an estimated cost of $10 to $13 billion annually and yet fewer than 10% of these patients are diagnosed with ACS.
Despite these numbers the American College of Cardiology/American Heart Association (ACC/AHA) recommends that low-risk chest pain patients receive serial cardiac markers followed by some sort of provocative/objective cardiac testing. Using this strategy amongst low-risk chest pain patients unnecessarily uses resources on those least likely to benefit. Low-risk chest pain patients have ACS rates of <2% and provocative/objective cardiac testing is associated with a significant amount of “downstream” testing (i.e. cardiac catheterization) due to false positive tests.
To date, the HEART score has been examined in >6000 patients and demonstrated a high NPV for MACE at 6 weeks exceeding 98%, but until now there has been no randomized trial.
What is the HEART Pathway?
The HEART Pathway is a combination of the HEART score with 0 and 3 hour cardiac troponin testing. This is a recently developed decision aid used to identify patients in the emergency department (ED) that are safe for early discharge. There have been several observational studies that have shown using the HEART score can classify >20% of patients with acute chest pain for early discharge while maintaining a negative predictive value (NPV) for major adverse cardiac events (MACE) rate of >99% at 30 days. There have been no real-time, randomized trials comparing the HEART Pathway versus the ACC/AHA recommendations (i.e. usual care), until now.
How was the HEART Pathway Applied?
Patients were recruited from a tertiary care academic medical center in North Carolina which has a patient volume of >100,000 patients/year. This was a randomized, controlled, single-center study which was funded by the AHA that sought to compare the HEART Pathway versus usual care to see if the HEART Pathway could reduce objective cardiac testing, increase early discharges, reduce index hospital length of stay while maintaining a high sensitivity and NPV (>99%) for MACE.
Patients were randomized to the HEART Pathway or usual care arms. In the HEART Pathway arm, patients were risk stratified by attending ED providers using the HEART score and serial troponin measures at 0 and 3 hours after ED presentation. A HEART score of 0 – 3 was classified as a low-risk assessment, whereas a score of ≥4 was classified as a high-risk assessment. Usual care was at the discretion of the ED, but providers were encouraged to follow the ACC/AHA guidelines, which recommended serial cardiac biomarkers and objective/provocative cardiac testing before discharge from the observation unit or inpatient ward for patients with symptoms suggestive of ACS. The HEART Pathway algorithm is shown in the figure below.
Image from Mahler SA et al. The HEART Pathway Randomized Trial Identifying Emergency Department Patients With Acute Chest Pain for Early Discharge. Circ Cardiovasc Qual Outcomes March 2015; 8 (2): 195 – 203.
What Were the Outcomes Assessed?
Primary Outcome: Rate of objective cardiac testing within a 30 day period from presentation defined as stress testing, coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA), or invasive coronary angiography.
Rate of objective cardiac testing within a 30 day period from presentation defined as stress testing, coronary computed tomographic angiography (CCTA), or invasive coronary angiography. Secondary Outcome: Discharge rate*, index length of stay (LOS), cardiac related recurrent ED visits and non-index hospitalization at 30 days.
Discharge rate*, index length of stay (LOS), cardiac related recurrent ED visits and non-index hospitalization at 30 days. Safety Outcome: Composite of MACE (Included all cause mortality, myocardial infarction, or coronary revascularization) within 30 day follow up from index visit
*Early discharge is defined as discharge from the ED without objective cardiac testing
What Were the Results of this Study?
A total of 282 patients with 141 patients in each arm of the study
Use of the HEART Pathway resulted in identification of 46.8% of patients as low risk
Objective Cardiac Testing: HEART Pathway 56.7% vs Usual Care 68.8% (Absolute testing reduction of 12.1%)
Early Discharge Rate: HEART Pathway 39.7% vs Usual Care 18.4% (Absolute early discharge increase of 21.3%)
Median LOS: HEART Pathway 9.9 hrs vs Usual Care 21.9 hrs (Absolute median reduction in LOS of 12 hrs)
Zero patients identified as low risk by HEART Pathway had an index or non-index MACE
What Were the Strengths of this Study?
No participants were removed from the study after randomization
30 day follow-up rate was 96% and of the 10 patients lost to follow up, non appeared in the Social Security Death master file
MACE rate of 5.7% in HEART Pathway arm and 6.4% in the usual care arm, which is higher than the 2 – 3% MACE rate seen in the accelerated diagnostic protocol and CCTA studies
What Were the Limitations of this Study?
The sample size of 282 patients was small and recruitment from a single academic center may limit generalizability to community settings
This study was not powered to detect differences in MACE
The inter-observer agreement of low vs high risk patients by HEART score was only moderate with a kappa of 0.63
Non-adherence to the HEART Pathway occurred in 29% (19/66) of low-risk patients and 13% of high risk patients. Perfect adherence among high and low risk patients would have increased early d/c rate to 46.8%. Although this is a high rate of non-adherence this is not so different from other studies evaluating clinical decision aids and by allowing non-adherence, this study may provide a more accurate determination of “real world” practice.
What is the Clinical Take Home Message of this Study?
It is safe to begin using the HEART Pathway (Non-ischemic ECG, HEART Score, and Troponin testing at 0 and 3 hours) in chest pain patients presenting to the emergency department with suspicion of ACS. Use of the HEART Pathway significantly decreases objective cardiac testing, increases early discharge rates, and cuts median length of stay with a zero MACE rate at 30 days (Study not powered for MACE).
References:
Mahler SA et al. The HEART Pathway Randomized Trial Identifying Emergency Department Patients With Acute Chest Pain for Early Discharge. Circ Cardiovasc Qual Outcomes March 2015; 8 (2): 195 – 203. PMID: 25737484
Post Peer Reviewed By: Anand Swaminathan (Twitter: @EMSwami)
For More on the Above Topic Checkout:
Advertisement
Pope Francis tonight presided over a solemn Easter Vigil ceremony marked by heightened security fears following a spate of Islamic-inspired attacks in Europe.
Holding a single candle, Francis processed down the center aisle of a darkened St Peter's Basilica, symbolising the darkness that fell after Jesus' crucifixion on Good Friday.
When he reached the altar, the basilica's floodlights turned on, symbolizing the light of Christ's resurrection.
Pope Francis tonight presided over a solemn Easter Vigil ceremony marked by heightened security fears following a spate of Islamic-inspired attacks in Europe
Cardinals attend the Easter Vigil presided by Pope Francis at St Peter's basilica on April 15, 2017 in Vatican as Christians around the world are marking the Holy Week
Cardinals elevated to the diaconal order are either officials of the Roman Curia or priests elevated after their 80th birthday
Saturday's late-night service came after Francis presided over the evocative torch-lit Good Friday procession at Rome's Colosseum, where Francis repeatedly denounced the 'shame' of the blood spilled by innocent children, women and migrants in the world's conflicts, shipwrecks and other tragedies.
On Sunday, he celebrates the joyful Easter Mass in a flower-filled St Peter's Square.
There was tight security outside tonight after Italian authorities deployed bomb squads, sniffer dogs and surveillance cameras at the Colosseum the Vatican and other potential terrorist targets in the wake of recent attacks in Britain and Sweden.
Anyone entering St Peter's Square had to undergo airport-style screening by walking through X-Ray machines.
When he reached the altar, the basilica's floodlights turned on, symbolizing the light of Jesus Christ's resurrection
On Sunday Pope Francis will head into town to celebrate the joyful Easter Mass in a flower-filled St Peter's Square
Solemn: Pope Francis has previously denounced Islamic-inspired attacks in Europe and criticised the slaughter of innocents
Pope Francis presides over a solemn Easter vigil ceremony in St. Peter's Basilica at the Vatican on Easter Saturday
Security checks today: Anyone entering St Peter's Square had to undergo airport-style screening by walking through X-Ray machines
Saturday's late-night service came after Francis presided over the evocative torch-lit Good Friday procession at Rome's Colosseum
A cross is illuminated near the Colosseum prior the Via Crucis (Way of the Cross) torchlight procession on Good Friday
Christians around the world are marking the Holy Week, commemorating the crucifixion of Jesus Christ, leading up to his resurrection on Easter
T-Mobile said Saturday it has ended merger talks with Sprint after being unable to come to a satisfactory deal.
"The prospect of combining with Sprint has been compelling for a variety of reasons, including the potential to create significant benefits for consumers and value for shareholders, T-Mobile US CEO John Legere said in a statement. “However, we have been clear all along that a deal with anyone will have to result in superior long-term value for T-Mobile's shareholders compared to our outstanding stand-alone performance."
"While we couldn't reach an agreement to combine our companies, we certainly recognize the benefits of scale through a potential combination," Sprint CEO Marcelo Claure said in a statement. "However, we have agreed that it is best to move forward on our own. We know we have significant assets, including our rich spectrum holdings, and are accelerating significant investments in our network to ensure our continued growth."
Why it matters: The No. 3 and No. 4 wireless carriers had been widely expected to combine in an effort to better compete against far larger AT&T and Verizon.
Samsung, Amazon and Google Android tablets are now considered by consumers to be premium devices on a par with the Apple iPad.
This was one of the standout findings from YouGov's Quarterly Tablet Tracker, which polled 3,555 British consumers about their views on the mobile PC market.
Participants were divided into two groups: tablet owners and non-tablet owners, with the market research firm concluding that 18 per cent of the UK adult population now own one of these devices.
Those in the former group were quizzed about the devices they use and how much they like them, while the latter sample were asked questions about the tablet market and their general attitude towards the form factor.
It seems that Apple no longer has a monopoly on the ‘premium' share as other brands emerge with near-equal satisfaction scores.
The findings suggest the Apple iPad has taken a dip in popularity over the last 12 months, with just 63 per cent of consumers claiming to own one during the first quarter of 2013.
In contrast, 73 per cent of people who took part in the YouGov poll during Q1 2012 said they had an iPad.
The company claims this apparent slump in iPad ownership is because of the emergence of new, higher quality devices from Samsung, Amazon and Google.
The YouGo figures indicate that Samsung has more than doubled its share of the UK tablet market with its Galaxy device over the past year, surging from 4 per cent in Q1 2012 to 10 per cent this quarter.
“Consumers rate the Korean company's Galaxy product equal to iPads in terms for quality,” said the YouGov research.
Meanwhile, new entrants to the tablet market – the Google Nexus 7 and the Amazon Kindle Fire HD – have each accrued eight per cent and five per cent of the market, respectively, since their release.
“Again, with the exception of the iPad Mini, consumers gave it higher quality scores than its Samsung and Apple rivals,” the research continued.
John Gilbert, consulting director of YouGov Technology and Telecoms, said, given the flood of new devices coming on to the market, Apple was bound to lose share eventually.
“It seems that Apple no longer has a monopoly on the ‘premium' share as other brands emerge with near-equal satisfaction scores,” said Gilbert.
“Given the market's current expectations and considerations in purchasing tablets, we anticipate Apple to lose additional share throughout the coming year to Samsung, Google and Amazon.”
UPDATE: On Michael Bay's official forums he denies he has had any talks with Paramount about TRANSFORMERS 4 and 5. "I am currently not talking to Paramount on T4 and T5 despite reports. I'm looking at a lot of possibilities coming my way..." . Baywill likely instead focus on low budget crime thriller PAIN AND GAIN as his next film.
Yesterday I reported that Hasbro was talking to Michael Bay and Steven Spielberg to get them onboard for another go at TRANSFORMERS. However, this doesn't mean the movies won't happen without them.
Now the talk is that whoever is involved will probably end up shooting TRANSFORMERS 4 and 5 together as a cost cutting measure, as there will be less of a rush to get the visual effects done and less finagling with the actors' contracts between films.
The report also says that Shia LaBeouf is in fact not on board, echoing his earlier expressed desire to make the third film his last. Those involved with the film are looking at Jason Statham to star, who, if I had to guess, would be playing some sort of central soldier role. Unknown is which random hot girl will be assuredly cast alongside him.
Is there really a contingent clamoring for more of these movies? Just because audiences show up to make something profitable doesn't mean the series should continue forever. Though that applies to every damn movie series these days and is a laughable notion in Hollywood.
September 25, 2009 3:00 pm ET — Matt Finkelstein
Rep. King compared President Obama to Hitler in one breath, then tried to say the Russians are even worse in the next.
Today, Rep. Steve King (R-IA) took a break from making offensive comments about Hurricane Katrina victims and gay marriage in order to attack President Obama's foreign policy. Speaking on the House floor, King criticized Obama's decision to cancel Bush-era plans to deploy missile defense systems in the Czech Republic and Poland. King suggested that Obama's attempt to "pacify the Russians" by canceling the program would compel an Israeli attack on Iran, before noting that "Hitler actually negotiated with the Russians" too:
So this move that might look like it's a move to pacify the Russians might well end up being something that compels the Israelis to make a military strike [against Iran] ... There will be military action take place as a result of a pacifist action on the part of the president. This is what comes when you go to this -- they call it the Neville Chamberlain school of diplomacy or capitulation. If you remember when he returned to Munich waving a letter that said that he'd achieved "peace in our time." Well, that peace in our time didn't last very long. And I was thinking about the situation of how it was that Hitler actually negotiated with the Russians for a while. It ended up with Poland being divided and a global war as a result.
Apparently unable to choose an analogy, King went on to call Obama's policy a "chess-poker-Monopoly-Risk game." Watch it:
As President Obama made clear last week, his decision was made in accord with the "unanimous recommendations" of Defense Secretary Robert Gates and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. But more to the point, what is King talking about? Is he trying to blame the Russians -- as opposed to Hitler -- for World War II? It's probably worth mentioning that the Soviet Union fought on America's side to defeat the Nazis.
**Update: Steve Benen adds, "So, as far as King is concerned, Obama is both Chamberlain and Hitler? For that matter, if negotiating with Russia makes one Hitler-like, what does King have to say about Reagan holding talks with Russia -- when it was the Soviet Union?"
Iowa Latinos participated in a silent protest and voter registration event in response to Donald Trump's campaign stop in Marshalltown, Iowa yesterday, where he eagerly received an endorsement from notorious Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
Immigrant activists preparing to protest the Trump/Joe Arpaio rally in Marshalltown. pic.twitter.com/MP189Qq5nu — Kate Linthicum (@katelinthicum) January 26, 2016
Sheriff Joe Arpaio endorses Trump: “Everything I believe in he's doing and going to do when he becomes president.” pic.twitter.com/vLefwqPOdf — Chris Geidner (@chrisgeidner) January 26, 2016
Participants in last night's silent protest — which swelled due to the last-minute appearance by Arpaio — hoped to provide a peaceful, proactive response to Trump's appearance and the disgusting anti-immigrant rhetoric of his campaign.
Undocumented protester outside of Trump/Arpaio rally: “These people are basically importing racism.” pic.twitter.com/OhNehhIure — Kate Linthicum (@katelinthicum) January 26, 2016
From the Times-Republican:
Many protesters held signs; others merely stood side by side in solidarity. With police patrolling the area keeping people out of the street, the protesters and attendees remained separated, with no reports of any physical altercations between the two groups. Protester Tania Fonseca said what made her want to participate in the demonstration was the fact that Trump was making his campaign stop at a public high school. “It was not a good idea to have him here,” Fonseca said. “The event could have been hosted elsewhere. It is disappointing to me because my tax dollars go to support the school.” Student protesters decided to wear blue arm ribbons to show the crowd they came to represent the younger population that opposes Trump. “I disagree with most of what Donald Trump says,” said Jonathan Yepez, another protester. “Most of us [Latinos] who come here come to work and not cause problems.”
Inside the Trump event, an announcement asked rallygoers to refrain from attacking protesters, no doubt in response to the many, many attacks Latinos, immigrants, Muslim-Americans, and African-Americans have faced at the hands of his supporters.
Not that the request from the campaign has made much of a difference anyway. Case in point: at another Iowa rally on Sunday, a white Trump supporter threatened to physically assault a Sikh man who was peacefully protesting. The Sikh man's fellow protester — a white man — was left alone.
At @realDonaldTrump events, an invisible man with a mic tells supporters how to drown out protestors https://t.co/7kg22doRCj #IACaucus — Matt Hildreth (@mhildreth) January 27, 2016
More from the Los Angeles Times:
In addition to the protest outside, other Latinos entered the gymnasium to disrupt Trump with shouts of: “Latinos united will never be divided!” Trump, who garnered headlines at the event for announcing that he would not appear in Thursday's Republican debate because of disagreements with host Fox News, smiled as the protesters were ushered out, telling one of them, “Enjoy yourself, darling.”
Advocates have noted Trump's rhetoric has mobilized Iowa Latinos in an unprecedented manner, launching caucus trainings and voter registration drives, including the one organized by the League of United Latin American Citizens (LULAC) and and Immigrant Allies following the Trump event last night.
Latin@s in Iowa aren't afraid of Trump & Arapaio. We just register to vote & will Caucus to end hate. #iacaucus pic.twitter.com/fusph7d5Ge — Christian Ucles (@daakardior) January 27, 2016
Similar naturalization and voter registration efforts inspired by Trump's bigotry are happening in key battleground states like Nevada, as noted in this must-read profile by Buzzfeed's Adrian Carrasquillo.
“There is talk of a “Trump effect” rivaling Proposition 187, the anti-illegal-immigration measure that jolted California Latinos to action 20 years ago and is credited with helping create the state's current Latino power structure,” noted the LA Times.
“My gut is that it'll be substantial,” Democratic consultant Bill Carrick said of Latino turnout in November. “They have been activated.”
“I'm really glad we got to empower the students to take the anger and frustration and channel it into further civic engagement,” said Joa LaVille, president of Immigrant Allies.
The inspirational story continues for former Southern football player Devon Gales. After a serious spinal injury in the season opener against Georgia last fall, Gales left the field not being able to feel anything on his body.
(What's next for the Bulldogs? Make sure you're in the loop -- take five seconds to sign up for our FREE Bulldogs newsletter now!)
Back in January, Gales started to report feeling in his knee and feet, as well as movement in his hands and a few fingers. On Tuesday, his mother shared more remarkable progress - movement in his legs. Gales are continuing therapy at the Shepard Center in Atlanta.
"Basically, this is a temporary setback, but it's not really a setback. It's another blessing," Gales said in a press conference at UGA back in February after being released from The Shepherd Center in Atlanta. "I know I'm going to walk out. I know I will have a testimony that I will have to speak on."
Apr 4, 2015; Auburn Hills, MI, USA; Miami Heat forward James Ennis (32) looks for an open man during the second quarter against the Detroit Pistons at The Palace of Auburn Hills. Mandatory Credit: Raj Mehta-USA TODAY Sports
James Ennis showed promise this season as a possible replacement for the departed LeBron James, but his inconsistency kept him from blossoming into a key piece for the Heat. Whether or not that was due to his ability or the presence of Loul Deng, remains to be seen.
What Went Right
Ennis showed signs of being a capable player in this league, in what amounted to his rookie year (although he was drafted the year before). Per 36-minutes, Ennis averaged 10.7 points and 6.0 rebounds. That is great production for a guy still getting his feet wet in the NBA.
What Went Wrong
I think opportunity went wrong for Ennis. He had a strong showing in the Summer League, and was poised to be thrown into a starting position after James left. But Deng was signed soon after, and Ennis was relegated to the bench. His shot selection was also spotty and did him no favors.
Best Vine
This one is pretty self explanatory from the season opener.
How Can He Improve
If I had to point to something he could improve upon, it would be his overall basketball IQ. He had some great moments where his athleticism took over, but the difference between an average player and a good player is the ability to rely on a skill when the athletic advantage is not present.
Looking Ahead
Ennis is only 24 years old, so his future is still plenty bright. He could be in the running for a starting spot if he works on his game extensively in the offseason (also, if Deng decides not to return). If not, he could be really nice piece off the bench with some experience under his belt. But there is plenty of look forward to in the future for Ennis.
Content: Law and Order Bundle
Check price and availability in your Xbox LIVE region
Game Description: This value bundle features the award winning hit prison break sim, The Escapists and 1970's styled action packed 3D shooter, LA Cops.
The Escapists are the award winning, hit prison break simulation that provides players the opportunity of experiencing a light-hearted insight into everyday prison life. Master the routine, plan your strategy then execute your Escape.
In LA Cops, LA is being overrun but low life and filth. It's time to partner up and fight back. LA Cops are a fast, action packed 3D shooter, set in the seedy underbelly of 1970's LA where you control a maverick bunch of cops.
Purchase Law and Order Bundle for Xbox One from the Xbox Games Store
Product Info:
Developer: Team17 Digital Ltd and LA Cops Ltd
Publisher: Team17 Digital Ltd
Website: Law and Order Bundle
Twitter: @Team17Ltd
Find Hookedblog on — Twitter — Instagram — Bloglovin' — Pinterest Find Hookedblog on — Facebook
We recently featured the work of Italian artist Illustre Feccia (Previously on Hookedblog) having discovered one of their artworks earlier this month. If you caught our previous post you will know that we have been following the artists work online for about a year after we were introduced to the work online via the subvertising organisation Special Patrol Group who have been reposting Illustre Feccia's adbusting work on their Facebook page We have also begun to follow Illustre Feccia's Facebook page to keep upto date with the subvertising work as the artist would appear not to be on Instagram that we can see so if you want to see more of the artists work we suggest you do the same.Due to the nature of the artists street works their lifespan is extremely short, the first poster we managed to photograph only lasted a couple of days before it was swapped out by the advertising company. It would appear luck is on our side as the piece pictured is the second work by the artist that we have been fortunate enough to spot on the street. We would share the location of the artwork but it is very unlikely to still be there by the time you are reading this post.Close up of some of the detail in Illustre Feccia's newest illustration work.
Controversial academic Ridhuan Tee Abdullah is glad that he quit MCA, which he accused of pretending to support the government to net projects.
But when election season comes knocking, he claimed that the BN component party would partner DAP to oppose the Islamic agenda.
"Apa lagi MCA (bukan Islam) mahu (What more does the non-Muslim MCA want)? Rights, properties, wealth?
"In Kelantan, which wants to implement hudud, there is a big statue of Buddha despite worshippers being few in number. Where else can you find such tolerance?" he asked.
The Chinese Muslim convert also pointed out that during his almost two decades of being a MCA member, the party never used him as a bridge to understand Islam.
In his latest column in Sinar Harian, Ridhuan noted how MCA president Liow Tiong Lai claimed the party has 1.07 million members.
"If this is true, why can't MCA win in Chinese-majority areas against DAP? Why beg for seats in Malay-majority areas to win?
"Malays are the ones who make MCA victorious, but MCA only cares for the welfare of its own race. Still not racist? Their English and Chinese newspapers have become the voice of DAP. The same goes for Gerakan and MIC," he said.
Responding to criticism from MCA that he was a racist and extremist, he asked: "How am I racist when I was in MCA for 20 years. My wife is a Malay, so who is racist?"
Ridhuan also clarified that he quit MCA based on principles, because whoever opposed the Quran is an enemy of Islam.
He claimed that MCA had always objected to issues concerning Islam, and cited the recent outburst against PAS president Abdul Hadi Awang's Private Member's Bill as being the pinnacle of this trend.
Ironically, he said DAP is more straightforward than MCA, whom he claimed as an enemy in the midst.
Apart from this, Ridhuan also alleged that MCA is eyeing Malay-majority seats to contest in the next election, such as Gua Musang.
If Umno entertained this request, he warned that the party would lose more seats as well as betray the trust of Malay Muslims.
He suggested that MCA leaders be appointed as senators instead to fill the race quota.
"Don't force the Malays, especially Umno members to vote for this racist party," he said.
Ridhuan also cautioned parties like MCA and those in Sabah and Sarawak not to think that it would be a triumph if Hadi's bill failed in Parliament.
"Malays and Islam are inseparable. If challenged, there will be repercussions.
"For almost 60 years, this sensitivity has been ignored. We have given too much face... If I was prime minister, I would have long ago put forth the Islamic agenda to be appreciated by all regardless of religion," he said.
Apart from not understanding Islam, Ridhuan also criticised these quarters over their poor comprehension of Bahasa Malaysia.
Calling for the enemies to be weeded out for they would make Umno weaker, Ridhuan said the stern actions of US presidential candidate Donald Trump should be emulated.
"I hope Trump wins. He is better than the Democrats and other ultra kiasu.
"While many dislike Trump, he speaks the truth and is frank. He is not against Islam, but against ISIS," he added.
As for the PAS president, Ridhuan advised him to remain strong.
"Face the enemy with the spirit of jihad. Do not backtrack even an inch because this is a pure struggle," he said.
The Queenslander house is a classic piece of Australian architectural design. With its distinctive timber and corrugated iron appearance, it breaks the monotony of the bland, master-planned display villages on the peripheries of our cities.
It's also a great example of “vernacular architecture”, a term first coined by American writer/ architect Bernard Rudofsky in his 1964 book Architecture Without Architects. Vernacular architecture is best described as a traditional or indigenous type of architecture, one that has evolved over time in response to local climatic, environmental, building resources and cultural human needs. It is reflective of a very specific local context and is a functional and practical design response.
In Queensland, timber and iron vernacular houses emerged in the mid-19th century as a response by European migrants to the new subtropical climate. Wide verandas provided relief from the lengthy, hot summer days, punctuated by heavy afternoon downpours of rain. John Freeland, a former professor of architecture at UNSW describes the Queenslander as:
the closest Australia ever came to producing an indigenous style.
What makes the Queenslander so distinctive?
The classic Queenslander is typically a single detached house made of timber and iron, and located on a separate block of land. The floor plan consists of four or six rooms, which branch off a centrally located corridor, and which are adorned by external shading verandas. Queenslanders are ideally located on the peaks of hills, which allow for both views and cooling ventilation. They are purposefully designed at a human scale and to provide a sense of place in the Queensland context.
John Oxley Library, State Library of Queensland
Veranda and roof
British colonial traditions previously developed in India and elsewhere influenced the adoption of extensive deep shading external verandas on two, three or four sides of the typical Queenslander. These protected spaces provide a refuge from Queensland's extreme summer sun and rain deluges, while also functioning as clever breeze scoops to direct cooling natural ventilation through the house.
The veranda provides a unique multi-purpose space, which is neither indoors nor outdoors. Often used as an extension of the indoor living space, verandas have also been adapted to act as sleep-out areas, or protected areas to hang the laundry.
The wrapping of the house in verandas encourages the house to face outwards, rather than the inward-facing design approach of houses more appropriately situated in cooler climates. Steeply pitched corrugated iron roofs are lightweight, durable and fire-resistant, and allow for high cooling ceilings below.
Wikimedia Commons
Windows and doors
Double hung windows and doors typically open to outside verandas, and line up internally. Generally left open in summer, with the assistance of the flanking veranda breeze scoops, they encourage cooling breezes into the house and move the hot humid air of the interior spaces out. Movement of air through the house not only provides a welcoming cooling relief, but it also serves as a necessary protection against interior mould growth, which is synonymous with a humid climate.
Facades without verandas typically have limited roof overhangs. On these facades, timber and sheet metal window hoods with perforated decorative side fins provide shading and divert rain, all the while releasing trapped rising hot air, thus helping to further cool the inside of the house.
Stumps
The Queenslander “touches the earth lightly”. The light timber-framed structure is elevated above ground on stumps, which allows it to be placed on a variable terrain; from the hilly areas in South East Queensland, through to the wetter earth in the more northern Tropics.
John Oxley Library, State Library of Queensland, Wikimedia Commons
There are a number of advantages to this approach. In addition to merely allowing a flat floor to be built on a sloping site with minimal ground excavation. Raising the house allows high level prevailing breezes to be captured inside, and ventilation or a cool pool of air beneath the floor, helps to cool it from below. It also provides the timber with protection from white ants.
Lightweight materials
Their light timber frames and corrugated iron materials make Queenslanders simple to modify and adapt to the changing needs of the occupants. They can be raised or simply transported to another site on the back of a truck. Surely recycling a house is the ultimate sustainable design solution?
Decorative features
Unique decorative features on the Queenslander are not only aesthetically pleasing, but also functional. These include cast iron or timber balustrades, gables and column brackets, and timber screens, louvres, fretwork and battens. Battened screening and coloured glass provides privacy for occupants, while simultaneously directing breeze movement and/or reducing solar radiation.
Sami Keinanen
A return to the vernacular?
Modern Australian architecture turned its back on the vernacular in the name of “progress”. The outskirts of each of Australia's capital cities are now adorned with developer-driven display villages, where prospective homeowners can select a house and land package, and indulge in the great Australian dream of home ownership.
These homes largely do not address the local context or climate, and are driven by a desire to maximise the ratio of the footprint of the building to its site, while keeping initial building costs to a minimum.
But with recent concerns about high-energy consumption and costs, architects and planners are once again embracing the importance of energy-efficient sustainable design and selection of local building materials.
While technology enables us to source affordable building materials globally, architects are now taking embodied energy, lost through transporting these materials to the building site, into account. Not only is there a concern about initial building costs, but whole life-cycle costs are now also on the radar and efficient climate responsive designs are valued.
For those of us living in the sub-tropical or tropical contexts of Queensland, this means a return to and perhaps a reinterpretation of, the essential and architectural traditions of the classic Queenslander, whose design can be easily modified to suit our contemporary lifestyles.
Read more articles in the Sublime Design series.
Are you an academic or researcher? Is there a design classic – industrial, graphic, urban, architectural, interior or landscape – you would like to write about? Contact the Arts + Culture editor.
Image caption Abdul Karim was one of Queen Victoria's closest confidants despite efforts by royal circles to suppress their relationship before and after her death
Previously undiscovered diaries have been found by an author based in the UK which show the intense relationship between Queen Victoria and the Indian man employed to be her teacher.
The diaries have been used by London-based author Shrabani Basu to update her book Victoria and Abdul - which tells the story of the queen's close relationship with a tall and handsome Indian Muslim called Abdul Karim.
The diaries add weight to suggestions that the queen was arguably far closer to Mr Karim than she was to John Brown - the Scottish servant who befriended her after the death of her beloved husband Prince Albert in 1861.
They show that when the young Muslim was contemplating throwing in his job, soon after his employment started, because it was too "menial", the queen successfully begged him not to go.
'Closest friend'
Mr Karim was just 24 when he arrived in England from Agra to wait at table during Queen Victoria's golden jubilee in 1887 - four years after Mr Brown's death. He was given to her as a "gift from India".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Watch: Shrabani Basu talks about the relationship between Queen Victoria and Abdul Karim
Within a year, the young Muslim was established as a powerful figure in court, becoming the queen's teacher - or munshi - and instructing her in Urdu and Indian affairs.
Mr Karim was to have a profound influence on Queen Victoria's life - like Mr Brown becoming one of her closest confidants - but unlike him, was promoted well beyond servant status.
"In letters to him over the years between his arrival in the UK and her death in 1901, the queen signed letters to him as 'your loving mother' and 'your closest friend'," author Shrabani Basu told the BBC.
"On some occasions, she even signed off her letters with a flurry of kisses - a highly unusual thing to do at that time.
"It was unquestionably a passionate relationship - a relationship which I think operated on many different layers in addition to the mother-and-son ties between a young Indian man and a woman who at the time was over 60 years old."
Principal mourners
Ms Basu hints that it is unlikely that the pair were ever lovers - although they did set tongues wagging by spending a quiet night alone in the same highland cottage where earlier she and John Brown used to stay.
"When Prince Albert died, Victoria famously said that he was her husband, close friend, father and mother," Ms Basu said. "I think it's likely that Abdul Karim fulfilled a similar role."
Mr Karim's influence over the queen became so great that she stipulated that he should be accorded the honour of being among the principal mourners at her funeral in Windsor Castle.
"The elderly queen specifically gave this instruction, even though she knew it would provoke intense opposition from her family and household," Ms Basu said.
"If the royal household hated Brown, it absolutely abhorred Abdul Karim."
During his service with the queen, Mr Karim was bestowed with many honours as the royal party travelled around Europe meeting monarchs and prime ministers.
He taught her how to write in Urdu and Hindi, introduced her to curry - which became a daily item on the royal menu - and eventually became her highly decorated secretary.
I am so very fond of him. He is so good and gentle and understanding... and is a real comfort to me Queen Victoria talking about Abdul Karim
He and his wife were given residences on all of the main royal estates in the UK and land in India. He was allowed to carry a sword and wear his medals in court - and was permitted to bring family members from India to England.
"Mr Karim's father even got away with being the first person to smoke a hookah [water-pipe] in Windsor Castle, despite the queen's aversion to smoking," Ms Basu said.
"The queen's munshi was named in court circulars, given the best positions at operas and banquets, allowed to play billiards in all the royal palaces and had a private horse carriage and footman."
Unceremoniously sacked
That Mr Karim inspired the empress of India could be seen not just by her newfound love of curry. Her eagerness to learn Urdu and Hindi because of his teaching was so strong that she even learned to write in both languages - and gave him a signed photo written in Urdu.
She also used his briefings on political developments in India at the turn of the 19th Century to berate successive viceroys, her representatives in India - much to their displeasure - on measures they could have taken to reduce communal tensions.
"At a time when the British empire was at its height, a young Muslim occupied a central position of influence over its sovereign," Ms Basu said.
"It was a relationship that sent shockwaves through the royal court and was arguably a relationship far more scandalous than her much reported friendship with Mr Brown."
THE KARIM DIARIES On meeting Queen Victoria for the first time: "I was somewhat nervous at the approach of the Great Empress... I presented nazars (gifts) by exposing, in the palms of my hands, a gold mohar (coin) which Her Majesty touched and remitted as is the Indian custom." Quoting a letter written by Queen Victoria imploring him not to resign: "I shall be very sorry to part with you for I like and respect you, but I hope you will remain till the end of this year or the beginning of the next that I may learn enough Hindustani from you to speak a little." On 'good fortune': "Some Indian jugglers happened to be in Nice while Her Majesty was there. When Her Majesty came to hear of them she sent a request to have them brought before her to exhibit their tricks. The Queen was highly amused and delighted - and the honour which was given to these poor jugglers must have made them happy for life."
Such was the level of ill-feeling he generated that barely a few hours after the queen's funeral, her son Edward VII unceremoniously sacked Abdul Karim.
In addition, he ordered that all records of their relationship - kept at Mr Karim's homes in India and the UK - should be destroyed.
But remarkable detective work by Ms Basu in India and Pakistan unearthed Mr Karim's diaries - kept by surviving family members since his death in 1909 - which detail his 10 years in London between Queen Victoria's golden and diamond jubilees.
The diaries and other correspondence were taken back to India by Mr Karim and his nephew, Abdul Rashid, after their dismissal and were in turn sneaked out of India to Pakistan 40 years later when his family migrated during the violence at the time of partition.
A surviving family member in India read about Ms Basu's book in a local newspaper and told her that the diaries were being kept by another branch of the family in Karachi, which she duly tracked down.
"I was fortunate enough to have unearthed a truly remarkable love story," Ms Basu reflected.
Shrabani Basu's updated book, Victoria and Abdul, is published by the History Press.
Getty Images
Former Lions quarterback Scott Mitchell says he was stunned to learn last week that his former teammate, Lomas Brown, has admitted to intentionally missing a block because he wanted Mitchell to get hurt.
Mitchell told Mike Florio on the Dan Patrick Show that Brown always acted like a friend to his face, and Mitchell was shocked to find out what Brown thought about him.
“It just really hurt,” Mitchell said. “It was extremely disappointing. I'm really shocked by it, to be honest. Here's a guy I've had in my house, I had a big dinner for the offensive linemen every year, he came to my house and ate dinner, I gave my offensive linemen gifts every year. For him to do that is just reprehensible, beyond words. It's really disappointing, it really is painful. When you mess with my family, mess with my livelihood, mess with my health, it's unacceptable. It's B.S. I just wouldn't do it to a teammate. I wouldn't do it. If Lomas has a problem with me, come talk to me. To try to get someone hurt, it's just mind-boggling.”
Mitchell suffered a broken finger on his passing hand when Brown allowed Packers defensive end Sean Jones to get a free shot at him in a 1994 game. That injury ended Mitchell's season, and Mitchell noted that it could have been a lot worse than a broken finger.
“People get seriously hurt in this game,” Mitchell said. “For someone to just lay down like that, it's unacceptable.”
Mitchell said former teammates, including ex-Lions star receiver Herman Moore, have reached out and told him that Brown was clearly in the wrong. And obviously, those teammates are right. What Brown did is appalling, and Mitchell has every reason to consider Brown reprehensible.
The jihadis who kidnapped more than 200 Nigerian schoolgirls two weeks ago say they are “willing to consider” the release of those who have not already been trafficked abroad and sold into marriage.
The girls' abductors, who have been in regular direct contact with a government intermediary, also report that three of their teenaged captives have died – although they did not state how this happened. Eighteen others, they say, are now sick.
The intermediary told Channel 4 News that the al-Qaeda-affiliated group, Boko Haram, has threatened to kill the remaining hostages if there is any attempt by the Nigerian military to rescue the girls. Meanwhile in the capital Abuja, the Nigerian government is coming under intense public pressure to secure the girls' release.
On Wednesday, the government admitted for the first time that it had officially engaged the services of the negotiator. It declined to reveal his identity. He has told Channel 4 News that he wishes to remain anonymous for reasons of personal security.
The intermediary has, however, been in regular, direct contact with senior members of the Islamist insurgent group who claim to be holding the girls, for several days now. He has maintained links with Boko Haram for nearly a decade and has successfully negotiated past hostage releases.
It is not clear how many of the 220 teenagers remain in Nigeria, following reports that they had been split into smaller groups and some moved into neighbouring Chad and Cameroon and sold for a bride-price of less than £10 each, following their forcible conversion to Islam.
Boko Haram has not as yet claimed responsibility for the mass kidnap, which happened in the town of Chibok in north-eastern Borno State 17 days ago, but the group is considered the only likely perpetrator. The girls were snatched from their dormitories in the small hours of the morning of 15 April. The government secondary school was then set ablaze.
Earlier this week, following initial contact with the intermediary, the abductors had agreed to provide a list of the names of the schoolgirls they claim they're still holding, as proof of life. So far, they have not delivered this list.
The intermediary, who has relayed the abductors' demands to Kashim Shettima, Governor of Borno State, told Channel 4 News that Boko Haram is actively “considering a deal” by which most of the girls who remain in Nigeria could be released. The governor is currently in Abuja but could not be reached for comment.
The group did not explain to the intermediary what had happened to the three girls it says had died. It is possible that they were killed while attempting to escape, as 50 of the girls have now done. Reports in other media cite a community elder in Chibok as saying that he too had learned of some deaths, reportedly from snakebites.
But those familiar with the brutal practices of Boko Haram say it is just as likely that the girls had been subjected to extreme sexual violence. This is something of which the girls' parents as well as women's groups have expressed grave fears.
Drug-taking among members of the group is commonplace and they are often high on drugs when they launch frenzied attacks. The intermediary told Channel 4 News that the longer the crisis was allowed to drag on, the worse – and more complex – the situation would get.
Hundreds of Nigerian women yesterday marched through the capital, Abuja, demanding urgent government action to secure their release.
This morning, more than 20 members of the Nigerian Senate met President Goodluck Jonathan to discuss the abductions. They demanded daily information briefings from the government and the military to inform the nation as to what was being done to tackle the crisis.
In past crises, members of the Islamist insurgent group, Boko Haram, have executed hostages when the army has launched an attack or rescue-bid and there are fears that with pressure mounting for fast results, military intervention could have tragic results.
‘Western education is forbidden'
Boko Haram has, however, released hostages following negotiations. Most of these have involved the intermediary, whom Channel 4 News has been in contact with since Monday.
Boko Haram claims to be fighting for a strict Sharia state across northern Nigeria. But the guiding influence of Salafist imams has demonstrably waned as the group has fractured and hijacked as an al-Qaeda franchise, with tendrils throughout northwest Africa's Islamic Maghreb.
Many atrocities – from deadly bomb attacks on soft targets, to assaults on schools, churches and even mosques – are claimed by the Taliban-style group, whose name in the Hausa language translates as “western education is forbidden.”
CONCACAF has today released the schedule for the group stage of the 2016-17 Champions league stage and in conjunction FC Dallas has placed tickets on sale for their two home matches.
FC Dallas will open Group H play at home against Real Esteli of Nicaragua at 7 pm on Aug. 4. On Sept. 28 at 7 pm Guatemalan side C.D. Suchitepequez comes to Toyota Stadium. FC Dallas will travel to Nicaragua on Aug. 24, and Guatemala on Oct. 20, completing the group stage home-and-away series.
FC Dallas Group H Schedule (all games central time)
Aug 4, 7 pm - Real Esteli at FC Dallas - Toyota Stadium
Aug 24, 9 pm - FC Dallas at Real Esteli - Estadio Independencia, Esteli, Nicaragua
Sept 28, 7 pm - C.D. Suchitepequez at FC Dallas - Toyota Stadium
Oct 20, 7 pm - FC Dallas at C.D. Suchitepequez - Estadio Carlos Salazar Hijo, Mazatenango, Guatemala
Ticket Info from FC Dallas
Tickets for both FCD home matches start at $19. CCL tickets are included in FC Dallas season ticket member packages, however season ticket members wanting to purchase additional seats can contact their respective service representatives for discounted prices.
To purchase tickets to the two CCL matches at Toyota Stadium, visit FCDallas.com or call 888.FCD.GOAL (323.4625). For information on how to become a Season Ticket member, visit www.FCDallas.com, or call 888.FCD.GOAL (323.4625). Season ticket packages, including July 4 and multiple marquee matchups, are also available starting at less than $16 per match. For more information, e-mail memberships@fcdallas.com or visit www.fcdallas.com/memberships.
Traditional Telecast on ESPN with Chris Fowler, Kirk Herbstreit, Heather Cox and Tom Rinaldi
14 Alternate Productions Across ESPN's Multi-Platform Networks; ESPN Radio Airs the Game
New Elements: Homer Telecast, Mock Replay Booth, Finebaum Film Room with Arkansas Head Coach Bret Bielema, Pylon Cam; Film Room with Florida Head Coach Jim McElwain, ESPN Voices, Sounds of the Game, Spider Cam and Other Elements Return
Multiple Social Media Channels Live from Glendale
ESPN's Megacast returns for the College Football Playoff National Championship Presented by AT&T featuring Alabama vs. Clemson on Monday, Jan. 11, at 8:30 p.m. ET from University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona. The traditional game telecast will air on ESPN with 14 alternate productions across ESPN2, ESPNU, SEC Network, ESPN Deportes, ESPN Classic, ESPNEWS, and ESPN3, in addition to ESPN Radio's broadcast. All Megacast feeds will be available on WatchESPN, while ESPN Radio's call of the game is available via the ESPN app and through local affiliates. This is the third consecutive year of the ESPN Megacast for college football's championship game.
ESPN and ESPN Radio
ESPN's traditional telecast will feature Chris Fowler calling play-by-play, Kirk Herbstreit as the analyst, Heather Cox reporting on Clemson and Tom Rinaldi reporting on Alabama. Rules expert Dave Cutaia will be available, as will Dr. Jerry Punch for any medical advisement. ESPN Radio will have Mike Tirico calling play-by-play, Todd Blackledge as the game analyst, Holly Rowe on the Alabama sideline and Joe Schad on the Clemson sideline. Rules expert Bill LeMonnier will also be available.
Additional ESPN Megacast Elements
ESPN's alternate productions will once again include the Film Room (ESPN2), with Florida head coach Jim McElwain, and ESPN Voices (ESPNEWS) but new this season is the Homer Telecast (ESPNU) – ESPN's traditional telecast with Clemson's all-time leading passer Tajh Boyd and former Alabama center and three-time national champion Barrett Jones working as quasi-‘game analysts' with a decidedly partisan view towards their alma maters along with ESPN's Joe Tessitore calling play-by-play. Finebaum Film Room (SEC Network) will feature Paul Finebaum, SEC Network analysts and Arkansas head coach Bret Bielema providing live reaction to the game and ESPN3 will offer eight additional alternate views, including new this year a mock replay booth which will demonstrate the process the official replay officials go through on every play. Complete details on all Megacast productions:
Film Room (ESPN2): ESPN analysts Brian Griese and Chris Spielman, along with Florida head coach Jim McElwain and other additional guests, will provide in-depth analysis of the game as it happens from a film room equipped with multiple camera angles, clicker technology and telestration at ESPN's Bristol, Conn., headquarters.
ESPN analysts Brian Griese and Chris Spielman, along with Florida head coach Jim McElwain and other additional guests, will provide in-depth analysis of the game as it happens from a film room equipped with multiple camera angles, clicker technology and telestration at ESPN's Bristol, Conn., headquarters. ESPN Voices (ESPNEWS): Live from Los Angeles, ESPN personalities watch the Crimson Tide-Tigers matchup unfold in a living room-type atmosphere. Participants include Teddy Atlas, Michelle Beadle, Jay Bilas, Taylor Twellman and Marcellus Wiley. Additional guests could be added.
Live from Los Angeles, ESPN personalities watch the Crimson Tide-Tigers matchup unfold in a living room-type atmosphere. Participants include Teddy Atlas, Michelle Beadle, Jay Bilas, Taylor Twellman and Marcellus Wiley. Additional guests could be added. Homer Telecast (ESPNU): An alternate version of the traditional game telecast — Joe Tessitore will host the interplay between Clemson's all-time leading passer Tajh Boyd and former Alabama center and three-time national champion Barrett Jones as they serve as quasi-‘game analysts' with a decidedly partisan view towards their alma maters. Other partisan guests and ESPN personalities will join the commentary which will be conducted primarily from field level.
An alternate version of the traditional game telecast — Joe Tessitore will host the interplay between Clemson's all-time leading passer Tajh Boyd and former Alabama center and three-time national champion Barrett Jones as they serve as quasi-‘game analysts' with a decidedly partisan view towards their alma maters. Other partisan guests and ESPN personalities will join the commentary which will be conducted primarily from field level. Finebaum Film Room (SEC Network): Paul Finebaum and his in-studio guests – SEC Network analysts Greg McElroy, and Booger McFarland and Arkansas head coach Bret Bielema – will watch the game and provide their instant analysis and reaction. The show, which will be produced at a location near University of Phoenix Stadium, will also take live calls throughout the game and fans can interact by tagging their tweets with #FinebaumFilmRoom. SEC Network will have on-site coverage all weekend leading up to the game, with full details released tomorrow.
Paul Finebaum and his in-studio guests – SEC Network analysts Greg McElroy, and Booger McFarland and Arkansas head coach Bret Bielema – will watch the game and provide their instant analysis and reaction. The show, which will be produced at a location near University of Phoenix Stadium, will also take live calls throughout the game and fans can interact by tagging their tweets with #FinebaumFilmRoom. SEC Network will have on-site coverage all weekend leading up to the game, with full details released tomorrow. Sounds of the Game (ESPN Classic and ESPN3): ESPN's game telecast — sans commentators — will be amplified with dozens of microphones positioned throughout the stadium in addition to the public address announcer and referee calls to recreate the in-stadium fan experience of being seated at the game. This will include full coverage of the pregame on-field entertainment and halftime band performances.
ESPN's game telecast — sans commentators — will be amplified with dozens of microphones positioned throughout the stadium in addition to the public address announcer and referee calls to recreate the in-stadium fan experience of being seated at the game. This will include full coverage of the pregame on-field entertainment and halftime band performances. Command Center (ESPN Goal Line): Features a full-time split screen application showing the live game action, along with immediate replays of every play, isolated camera feeds of both head coaches, enhanced statistics, real time drive charts and the ESPN Radio broadcast call of Mike Tirico, Todd Blackledge, Holly Rowe and Joe Schad.
Features a full-time split screen application showing the live game action, along with immediate replays of every play, isolated camera feeds of both head coaches, enhanced statistics, real time drive charts and the ESPN Radio broadcast call of Mike Tirico, Todd Blackledge, Holly Rowe and Joe Schad. Spanish-Language Call (ESPN Deportes): Lalo Varela, Pablo Viruega, Bernardo Osuna, and Carlos Nava call the game in Spanish, available throughout the United States.
Lalo Varela, Pablo Viruega, Bernardo Osuna, and Carlos Nava call the game in Spanish, available throughout the United States. Mock Replay Booth (ESPN3): An authentic recreation of the replay booth experience will give an inside look at the review process in which replay officials review every play of the game, determine which plays are subject to further review and then what happens during an official replay stoppage. Current ACC Replay Official Ralph Pickett and current SEC Replay Communicator Ben Oldham will take viewers through the full process of reviewing every play from their recreated replay booth set up in Bristol. They will be joined by former ACC Coordinator of Officials and current ESPN Rules Expert Doug Rhoads.
An authentic recreation of the replay booth experience will give an inside look at the review process in which replay officials review every play of the game, determine which plays are subject to further review and then what happens during an official replay stoppage. Current ACC Replay Official Ralph Pickett and current SEC Replay Communicator Ben Oldham will take viewers through the full process of reviewing every play from their recreated replay booth set up in Bristol. They will be joined by former ACC Coordinator of Officials and current ESPN Rules Expert Doug Rhoads. Pylon Cam (ESPN3): A continuous stream of the cameras being fed from the eight pylons surrounding the field, both at the goal lines and for the first time from the backlines of the end zones. The position of the ball on the field will determine which 12 of the 24 available camera feeds will be displayed live along with a featured replay box offering the best pylon camera angle available of any key plays.
A continuous stream of the cameras being fed from the eight pylons surrounding the field, both at the goal lines and for the first time from the backlines of the end zones. The position of the ball on the field will determine which 12 of the 24 available camera feeds will be displayed live along with a featured replay box offering the best pylon camera angle available of any key plays. Home Town Radio (ESPN3): In cooperation with Learfield Sports, the ESPN telecast will be available with the Alabama and Clemson home radio broadcasts serving as the commentary (separate feeds) along with a customized viewing experience that includes full time isolated shots of head coaches and star players. Alabama's radio team is Eli Gold, Phil Savage, and Chris Stewart; the Clemson radio team is Don Munson, Rodney Williams and Patrick Sapp.
In cooperation with Learfield Sports, the ESPN telecast will be available with the Alabama and Clemson home radio broadcasts serving as the commentary (separate feeds) along with a customized viewing experience that includes full time isolated shots of head coaches and star players. Alabama's radio team is Eli Gold, Phil Savage, and Chris Stewart; the Clemson radio team is Don Munson, Rodney Williams and Patrick Sapp. Data Center (ESPN3): Will include significant on-screen graphic content ranging from analytics, real time drive charts, win probability updates, curated social media reaction and more.
Will include significant on-screen graphic content ranging from analytics, real time drive charts, win probability updates, curated social media reaction and more. Spider Cam (ESPN3): A continuous feed of the camera that maneuvers above the field of play and often provides a behind-the-offense look at the game action.
A continuous feed of the camera that maneuvers above the field of play and often provides a behind-the-offense look at the game action. Taco Bell Student Section (ESPN3): Cameras in the Taco Bell student sections — focusing on students, bands, mascots and cheerleaders of each team — to showcase how the most enthusiastic fans in the building are reacting with every play.
ESPN's pregame coverage and postgame coverage details will be announced soon
ESPN Social Media
ESPN's social media channels will provide a unique view in and around the national championship game with an emphasis on, but not limited to, @SportsCenter, @CollegeGameDay and @ESPNCFB.
The official hashtag for the game is #CFP.
Highlights
‘SportsCenter on Twitter' (@SportsCenter) will utilize the #DrPepperCam to capture the best around-the-game content before, during and after the game.
‘College GameDay on Twitter' (@CollegeGameDay) will capture game action from an on-field perspective (#SidelineVine and #SidelineGram).
ESPN College Football (@ESPNCFB) will be the source of instant replays and live commentary throughout the game.
‘SportsCenter Snapchat' will have unprecedented access at every moment of the game, curated within the AT&T Live Story experience.
Corporate Citizenship
ESPN Corporate Citizenship worked closely with the College Football Playoff Foundation to celebrate, inspire and empower teachers across America through the Extra Yard for Teachers (EYFT) program. Prior to the Championship game, ESPN will host an interactive booth inside Playoff Fan Central highlighting EYFT and giving fans a chance to thank their own teachers. ESPN also serves as the sustainability sponsor for the game, hosting “green ambassadors” who will direct fans on how to recycle and compost their trash.
-30-
Media contact: Derek Volner at 860-384-9986; [email protected] and @DerekVolner
