Doesn't that sound delicious? Apparently, last night at my boyfriend's mom's birthday gathering with the family, it was a huge hit! Everyone told me how much they liked it and for the first time, one of them even asked for the recipe. Another reason why I need to post it up PRONTO! 🙂 But seeing everyone enjoy it makes me happy because iIt'swhy I do it!
Before I get ahead of myself, I was asking with another recipe, what to make for Easter and Marilyn @ MKG-Memories-Keepsakes-Gifts told me that sour cream coconut cake is a must. I can't eat sour cream, so I found myself a coconut cake with everything that I could eat. Awesome suggestion Marilyn!
This was found here: http://www.marthastewart.com/349949/coconut-cloud-cake
This cake could get complicated to make and my forewarning is that in general its not complicated however, it does take several steps and before putting this frosting, you need to wait for the cake to cool down for an hour.
The texture of the cake was pretty nice and fluffy. Everyone described it as “light”. I'd say thats a good word for it. The frosting was very delicious. I actually like it being made with egg whites. It gives it a little nice texture different from whip cream. I haven't had whip cream in such a long time, it is hard for me to actually describe it. I did like it a lot though. The taste was very good. If it was something I'd make regularly, I might decrease the sugar just a tad.
There was a good amount of modifications that I made. For one, I didn't have cake flour so I used all-purpose flour. Superfine sugar was replaced by granulated sugar. All cream of tartar was removed. You will notice if you click through to see Martha Stewart‘s cake that hers has a little frosting center. However, due to time constraints, I had to skip that step, instead I covered the exterior with frosting and then added a bit more coconut on the top.
I think it went pretty well. It looks pretty decent and the taste was totally awesome! My boyfriend said he felt like it was a slice of heaven 🙂
Any other Easter baking traditions to share? I'll probably be baking on Wednesday night again 🙂
Advertisements
Tap here to view theScore's NBA Offseason Tracker, which includes the latest transactions and rumors.
Kawhi Leonard isn't going anywhere.
The small forward and the San Antonio Spurs have reportedly agreed to the framework of a five-year deal that would be worth more than $90 million, according to Yahoo Sports' Adrian Wojnarowksi.
"I have every intention of signing with the San Antonio Spurs," Leonard said in a statement, according to Wojnarowski. "There are details in the contract which need to be worked out with the organization. I am confident that this will be accomplished."
The specifics that need to be worked out are unclear, as the framework would see Leonard earn the maximum given his years of experience. It's possible Leonard wants the flexibility of an early-termination option ahead of the fifth season on a deal, or that there are non-salary elements being ironed out. However, this deal is all but done.
Spurs officials didn't take long to lock up the rising star, reaching out to Leonard's agents shortly after midnight Wednesday to come to terms on a new contract, Wojnarowski reports. It was never believed that Leonard would walk, with both sides wanting to come to terms promptly to then turn their focus to fortifying the core in free agency.
There's no denying the fact Leonard is clearly deserving of this massive pay increase, with the 24-year-old already owning an NBA championship ring, NBA Finals Most Valuable Player award, and NBA Defensive Player of the Year award on his ever-growing resume.
Leonard averaged 16.5 points on 47.9 percent shooting from the field and 34.9 percent from long range in 2014-15. He also chipped in 7.2 rebounds and a league-high 2.3 steals in 64 regular-season appearances while playing some of the best perimeter defense in the league.
With Leonard now essentially locked up - it doesn't make sense to make it official quite yet, as his cap hold is less than his new salary - the Spurs are eyeing unrestricted free agent LaMarcus Aldridge, who will meet with the team Wednesday morning.
Finally, the moment you've been waiting for.
Over the years of Team Fortress 2, there have been overwhelming requests to have an awesome community LAN. While some of the past GXL LANs had decent turnouts from the Team Fortress 2 community, it still felt a little incomplete to me. Last year, eXtv and I pushed hard to make this LAN finally what the community wanted: an awesome LAN for the Team Fortress 2 community. The GXL LAN in 2014 was a massive success for the game and the scene. A total of 20 teams showed up to compete, along with many other faces who came to play casually or spectate. After the LAN, countless people told me they were highly anticipating the next event. With the help of teamfortress.tv, we are looking to carry that momentum from 2014 to 2015.
Information
The information below will have updates as time goes on.
What:
The GXL LAN - Team Fortress 2 Pro-Series tournament Where:
Greater Philadelphia Expo Center
Oaks, PA 19456 When:
October 16th-18th, 2015
FAQ – Event
What is Titan?
The name and theme of this year's event. Last year's was Universe.
What's the capacity for this event?
400 people.
Where can I register to buy my ticket?
Buy your ticket here
Can I get a refund if I can't go?
We are not doing refunds this year.
Can I get my ticket transferred to someone else?
We are not doing ticket transfers this year.
What are these extra options that I can choose while registering?
Premature LANer: The LAN will open at noon on Friday to everyone, but if you buy premature LANer, you get in as early as midnight of Friday.
ThickPipe: Get a gigabit (10/100/1000Mbps) port on the network (only 40 available). This option does NOT give you better internet speeds. It makes it so you have more speed on the network. For example, if you download a file from someone else's computer at the LAN, it'll go much quicker. (DC++ is popular for file-sharing at these events)
Spy Option: Access behind the stage area and staff lounge, as well as a behind-the-scenes tour given at 02:00 AM on Sunday (only 20 available).
Can I attend if I'm under 18?
Yep! You just need to have your parents sign a parental-consent form and bring the form with you to the event.
How does seating work?
You can't pick your seating online, but there will be a section specifically set aside for TF2 at the event. I will also make everyone space out enough so teams will sit together and not be spread apart. Just show up and sit down with your team.
What is the closest airport to the venue?
Philadelphia International Airport - PHL
I'll be flying out to this event, will there be a computer for me to use?
As of right now, there aren't any computers that will be for public use. Please bring a computer if you are able to.
What are the details on the hotel?
The Hampton Inn & Suites Valley Forge/Oaks will be the unofficial GXL hotel.
It's only a mile away from the venue and in the same plaza. There is no code that needs to be applied or anything. If you plan on getting a room, please book with this hotel, just so all of us can be in the same place. Their free breakfast is pretty good, too.
But what if I can't afford a hotel room?
Splitting a room with a bunch of people should make it out to be really cheap, but if that is still an issue, then you can sleep at the event. People tend to bring sleeping bags or inflatable beds and sleep near their computer.
Can I play in other tournaments?
You may only play in other tournaments if and when you've been eliminated from the TF2 tournament. Keep in mind that the TF2 tournament is only on Saturday, so anything you wish to do on Friday is up to you. There are no tournaments on Sunday.
Will I be able to stream?
Probably not. We need to be careful with bandwidth to make sure the TeamFortressTV production crew, other tournament streams, and everyone else get all of the bandwidth they need.
FAQ – TF2 tournament (DETAILS TENTATIVE)
How can I play in the tournament?
You'll need to find a team if you haven't already found one. Keep in mind that the tournament will be 6 vs 6. This thread will have plenty of teams looking for players, so make sure to post here (and don't forget to include what class you play). If you can't find a team, there will certainly be pick-up teams made while at the event.
Will there be a buy-in for the tournament?
Yes, it is $15 per person (or $90 per team). This is $5 more than last year, but Dashner and I put out a ridiculous amount of our own money into the prize pool last year. Instead of breaking our wallets again, the $5 increase should compensate a bit.
What will the prizes and payout be?
1st Place: 60% of total prize pool and 6x ZOWIE ZA series mouse (each winner can select a size for themselves)
2nd Place: 30% of total prize pool and 6x $50 discount code on www.REXFLO.net
3rd Place: 10% of total prize pool and 6x ZOWIE P-SR mouse pad
www.marketplace.tf, owned by Geel, are also donating $1000 to the prize pool.
The prize pool will be guaranteed to have a minimum of $1000. This means if less than 12 teams sign up, I will fill in the rest of the prize pool to make it $1000.
I'm interested in sponsoring the tournament. How should I contact you about this?
If you're interested in sponsoring the tournament, feel free to send me a private message on here or send me an email at TheFragileTF2@gmail.com
When is the tournament?
The entirety of the TF2 tournament will be on Saturday. It will start at 9:30 AM.
What is the format of the tournament?
6 players per team. There will be a group stage (for seeding) followed by double elimination.
What are the rules?
Class-limits (NA rules):
2 Scouts
2 Soldiers
2 Pyros
1 Demoman
1 Heavy
1 Engineer
1 Medic
2 Snipers
2 Spies
Time-limit / win-limit (EU rules):
30 minute time-limit
If a team is leading by 5 rounds, the map is over immediately
If the score is tied after the time-limit has been reached, a decider round (golden cap) will have to be played. If no team has won the round after 10 minutes have passed, the win will be awarded to the team controlling the middle capture point.
What maps will be in use?
cpprocessfinal
cpmetalworksrc7
cpbadlands
cpgranaryprob10
kothviaductpro7
cpsnakewaterfinal1
cpsunshinerc7
cpgullywashfinal1
--
Please explicitly state that you're paid, otherwise you will not be put down on this list.
Paid list (144)
TheFragile [Admin]
dashner [Production]
Dr.shdwpuppet [Server admin / Production]
KevinIsPwn [Production]
dMenace [Production]
gecks [Commentary]
Buick [Commentary]
Getawhale [Commentary]
truktruk
brickhl
Muma
Crasian
mojoe
boulder
b4nny
alfa
grape
Sacredragon
Sezco
showstopper
flame
cole
Ma3la
rando
LsRainbows
Benk
Def
lemonpulp
deadbolt
paragon yomps
ChinGoo
yosh
Ordoo
Maxi
Hidi
SylonDMS
Thickney
Nicholaus
Automaton
BobSevenSevens
cme
BunBun
Koga
PurpleShirt
kig
remedy
Hearts
Kresnik
Fox!
Clopez
dippidy
CJ
Jojo
mala
thrasher
Br0nze
saam
classic
couchsitter
InSanity
Linkuser
messiah
botmode
Sheo
k-man
mahh
marmadukeGRYLLS
lucrative
phelon
kuestif
Freestate
owl
Aus
brrton
ry4ntk
Seymoo
CommonPleb
Argyle
JaguarFiend
ScrewB
PinKushin
Yipyapper
Willmatic
alec
leaky
Rogue201
Snook
DC
SpaceGhostsCoffee
Etney
Blues
KazZAM
MsXena
dj
TecHNaSTy
phAZE
Spades
highfive
Grimm
freakin
phorofor
phorofor's brother
thorn
Bosh
Vintendo101
radium
DanceNumber
lolgoat
rick
clorg
tojo
aZn
DoctorMiggy
goldfish
bearodactyl
hooli
Argo
ninjanick
shrugger
pharaoh
Spamfest
spadez
capnfapn
Hydrofluoric
ctrlfmuffin
CornishGamerHen
Mariposa
Frisky
Rigel
aim-
wrecheddddd
Conky
ex
cookiejake
Auzzie
fatswimdude
pascal
terry crews
piehero
Xanadu
Redshirt
Photon
cozen
--
Needs a ride
Post that you're looking for a ride and I will add any new posts as of 8/19/15.
CME (Morgantown, WV)
DirtyMort (Niagra region)
kigbariom (New England area)
Remedy + friend (needs ride from Philadephia airport at 4pm on Thursday)
BobSevenSevens (Buffalo, NY)
asianriceguy (St. Louis, Missouri)
Muma (Southwest Ohio)
SylonDMS + 1 (NYC)
distraction (Boston area)
Yipyapper (Toronto)
--
Carpool list (has space in their car)
Post that you have extra space in your car for another person and I will add any new posts as of 8/19/15.
couch_sitter (Path)
JaguarFiend (Path)
hooli (Path)
ex (Path)
Getawhale (Newark area)
--
Looking for team
Post that you're looking for a team and I will add any new posts as of 8/19/15.
owl (medic)
CME
kounterparts
Blues (scout)
freakin (scout/soldier)
MsXena (scout)
Vintendo101 (medic)
radium (medic/scout)
lol_goat (scout/medic)
marmadukeGRYLLS (pocket/roamer)
clorg
Grimm (scout)
remedy
DoctorMiggy
Hidi (medic)
Spamfest (scout)
xlr8 (roamer/scout/medic)
ChinGoo (scout/medic)
Defiler (soldier, preferably roamer)
Ordoo (medic)
Juicy (scout/soldier)
Conky (anything, preferably pocket / roamer)
LsRainbows (roamer)
distraction (medic)
locyman (scout/demo/pocket)
Yipyapper (prefers demo, can play pocket/scout)
Photon (soldier)
--
Team looking for player(s)
Post that you're looking for a team and I will add any new posts as of 9/21/15.
Automaton's team (needs pocket, scout, and medic)
The McGruffs [Blues' team] (needs scout, demo, and medic)
valiant's team (needs scout or medic)
SteveC's team (Ctrl+f muffin, Facerolla, SteveC, Aristotle are looking for 2 gamers. 1 scout, and a medic)
Bring Back The Funk [CornishGamerHen's team] (needs a scout)
--
Team list
I'm guessing this list will get more frequent updates a lot closer to the event date, but I'll keep it here for now. I will add any new posts as of 8/19/15.
Mutual Consent (aZn, brrton, JaguarFiend, PinKushin, ry4ntk, screwB)
Sniper to Mid (wrecheddddd, bear, bunny, leaky, spadez, clorg)
Spades Slick Bodyguards (saam, Spades, Crasian, tojo, ex, cookiejake)
MAD LUXURIOUS (Lucrative, Phelon, Rigel, Kuestif, Yosh, DanceNumber)
Hot Dads (capnfapn, terry crews, pascal, pie_hero, CJ-, commonpleb)
The McGruffs (Etney, Kresnik, Blues, ?, ?, ?)
Med Elephant (Jojo, Xanadu, Redshirt, Rogue201, K-man, COUCH)
Part Time Fraggers (Ben, Schnell, Cosa, Thorn, Mahh, Wheels)
Bring Back The Funk (Clopez, Mioe, Conky, Spyromancer, CornishGamerHen, ?)
SteveC's team (Ctrl+f muffin, Facerolla, SteveC, Aristotle, ?, ?)
(h/t ThinkProgress)
Seriously, I don't understand this. Why don't Republicans understand the concept of videotape? This is not hard: We have records of what they've said in the past. We know when they've flip-flopped or are being hypocritical by showing them their own words.
Now granted, it's rare that you see a tradmed outlet confronting a Republican politician for his doublespeak, but that's exactly what Jonathan Karl did to Rep. Paul Ryan on his blasting President Obama for the looming sequester cuts. H/T to ThinkProgress for the video and transcripts:
As Karl pointed out, when Congress was debating the Budget Control Act in August of 2011, Ryan supported the framework and urged his fellow Republicans to vote for the sequester: KARL: Congressman, I've heard you Republicans for a long time. This was the president's idea on and on and on but let's look at your own words. What you said right after the law putting this in place was passed in August of 2011. These are your words. You said “what conservatives like me have been fighting for for years are statutory caps on spending, literally legal caps in law that says government agencies cannot spend over a set amount of money and if they breach that amount across the board sequester comes in to cut that spending. You can't turn it out without a supermajority. We got that into law.” Now, it sounds to me there like if you weren't taking credit for the idea of the sequester, you were certainly suggesting it was a good idea. RYAN: So those are the budget caps on discretionary spending. Those occurred. We want those. Everybody wants budget caps. The sequester that we're talking about now is backing up the super committee. Remember the Super Committee in addition to those caps was supposed to come up with 1.2 trillion in savings. The Republicans on the super committee offered even higher revenues in exchange for spending cuts as part of that. It was rejected by the president and the Democrats. So no resolution occurred and therefore the sequester is occurring.
So Ryan can make his bones in Republican leadership and position himself as a Very. Serious. Budget. Pointman. by pushing for these automatic sequester cuts...until it gets to the point where Congress is too inept to come together to present President Obama a budget that is acceptable enough to pass to the majority of the members of Congress. Then it's all Obama's fault.
A judge has found probable cause to charge New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie with official misconduct for his role in the Bridgegate scandal, according to reports Thursday.
Presiding Bergen County Municipal Court Judge Roy McGeady cited testimony from the federal trial of two former Christie aides convicted of scheming to close approach lanes to the George Washington Bridge in 2013 as revenge against a mayor who refused to endorse Christie's successful re-election bid.
McGeady's ruling stems from a complaint filed last year by retired Teaneck firefighter and political activist Bill Brennan, a Democratic candidate for governor who is seeking to have Christie prosecuted for second-degree official misconduct.
That crime is punishable by up to ten years in the slammer.
A Christie spokesman said McGeady was “violating the law, pure and simple.”
“This concocted claim was investigated for three months by the Bergen County Prosecutor's Office, which summarily dismissed it, after concluding that the very same evidence relied upon again by this judge was utter nonsense,” spokesman Brian Murray said.
Related Video 0:57 Chris Christie denies knowledge of Bridgegate on New Jersey 101.5 radio
Most people have rather mundane goals for summer:
Relax by the sea/river with friends/family and consume mountains of food and drink
Relax by the sea/river avoiding everyone, but still consuming mountains of food and drink
Develop diabetes and heart disease as a result of abovementioned
Make New Year's resolutions on January 1
Break New Year's resolutions on January 2
Lose weight
Read a book. Preferably with words in it, but a coffee table book with pictures of exotic foodstuffs from a celebrity chef is probably more like it. After all, we are Australians, and we must cringe at all attempts at intellectualism, i.e., books with words in them and no pictures of food or Balinese temples. Or pictures of food in Balinese temples.
Not me.
I am not ‘normal'.
Instead of any of those goals, I decided to learn a new language. And not just any language.
I'm learning a language that is:
not spoken as an official/national language anywhere
not taught in ‘normal' schools
did not develop naturally (it was invented by a Russian in the 19th Century).
Yes, Esperanto is my summer project.
(Before you shriek at me for having the seasons ‘wrong' (i.e. it's WINTER in December), let me correct you. I live in Australia. Summer ‘officially' runs from December to March.)
The Language of Clubbies
In the course of improving my Arrernte vocab, I voraciously consumed podcasts and blog posts written by other language learning geeks, and rediscovered Esperanto.
I say ‘rediscovered' because I've been aware of Esperanto since my childhood.
Esperanto was a language I stumbled across as a child whilst browsing at our very well-stocked local library. At one stage, I was obsessed with Dutton Speedwords –a neat version of shorthand that uses the Latin alphabet rather than the squiggles that Pitman Shorthand uses. I recall learning Dutton Speedwords in 6th Grade so well, I could write stories and take extensive notes. I was also obsessed with learning PNG Pidgin English – I'm not sure why, but it appealed to me at the time.
(Another aside – sorry. Imagine my delight when I discovered an old copy of ‘Teach Yourself Dutton Speedwords' at the local secondhand bookshop here in Alice Springs a couple of years ago. Needless to say that it's sitting on my shelf now).
I was aware of Esperanto because of the sheer number of books in my local library on the subject. Perhaps there was a secret colony of Esperantists in the Sutherland Shire in the 1970s and 80s, trying to add cultural diversity to the largely white Anglo-Celtic population? Who knows?
Whatever the reason, thanks to Sutherland Central Library and the ratepayers of the Shire, I was aware of Esperanto as both an invented language and as an attempt at to be an international language of peace and understanding. I was also aware of it as a number of my Amateur Radio operator friends (Ham radio operators – GOD I HATE THAT TERM –“HAM RADIO”. Radio made out of smoked pig meat. Really?), were Esperantists as well.
The impression that I formed of Esperanto during the 1980s was that it attracted people who were slightly ‘off': happy-clappy Christians drunk on Jesus-lurve, old ladies who volunteered in refugee aid organisations and ‘clubbies'. I really don't know how to explain the word, ‘clubbies', other than to say it's an Australian expression for the kinds of people who hang out together in stamp collecting and pylon appreciation clubs.
(Aside#3: As I was one of those strange people who was in a DX club – a shortwave radio listeners' club, and later, an Amateur Radio operator- it never occurred to me that I was also a ‘clubby'!).
All this knowledge I filed away in my brain in a handy neuron box called ‘Esperanto: the language of clubbies'. This neuron box is located beside the one marked ‘embarrassing ability to recall the names of capital cities', and is situated just behind the one called ‘frequency range of the 19m shortwave band*'.
*(15000-15800khz – I knew you were wondering).
This all brings me back to the present: lots of language geeks learn Esperanto, and the logical question: why?
Arriving at Esperanto
I discovered that the contemporary gamut of A-list polyglots (Benny, Laoshu50500, Professor Arguelles, LinQ Steve, Luca etc, etc) all learn Esperanto.
They also all learn Spanish and German, and a lot of other languages, but I digress…
…Again.
Apparently, Esperanto is easier to learn than just about any other language for English speakers. It takes, on average, 150 hours of study to get to a conversational level.
Many of the A-list polyglots suggest that you learn Esperanto before you learn another language, as it teaches you how to learn a language. Whilst I can't say that this is true for me, it does seem to have merits.
Here's a TED talk that might inspire you:
However, it wasn't any of these A-list polyglots or even the TED talk which actually inspired me to undertake this project. In fact, I have my suspicions that many of the A-list polyglots collect languages in the same way that others collect stamps, twitchers tick of ‘lifers' and pylon admirers salivate on pylons or whatever it is that pylon enthusiasts do.
What convinced me to learn Esperanto was a lesser-known (but very impressive) polyglot by the name of Peter Browne, and his interview with David Mansaray and Claude Cartaginese (part of the Polyglot Project Podcast). Listen to the episode here.
You see, Peter Browne writes prose and poetry in Esperanto, delights in Esperanto translations of the classics and writes for an Esperanto literary magazine.
It was this evidence of creativity, of culture in the anthropological sense that got me interested in learning the language.
Some people argue against learning Esperanto because it's an invented language. They substitute ‘invented' for dead or useless:
The difficulty of learning Esperanto is that you will have wasted your time. Esperanto is like Klingon. The only place you can use it is at Esperanto conventions. No country recognizes Esperanto as an official language, no town has signs written in Esperanto, no human population uses Esperanto to converse on a daily basis. Don't waste your time with Esperanto. If you really want to learn a useless language, learn Klingon. It was invented by an American linguist, not a European one :p
This quote is taken from the Bible of teenage troll wisdom, Yahoo Answers. It's typical of the reasons people give for not learning Esperanto.
However, it's incorrect on two counts:
Esperanto is alive and well, thanks to the internet and A-list polyglots The fact that a European rather than an American invented it ensures its superiority (IMHO).
A quick search, and the utter wealth and richness of Esperanto resources available on the internets and I was hooked.
Anthropologasms: An Esperanto Culture!
As if the wealth of free resources wasn't enough, it becomes apparent when you explore these resources that this is no mere invented, useless language maintained by a few sad clubbies.
It's actually alive – at least in the sense that a massive number and variety of resources are available online.
There's music. Funky, quirky world music-type music.
There are zines.
There are idioms (albeit, not many), slang and lots of colloquialisms.
And books. Lots of books written in Esperanto.
And I was in: Books. More books.
I do note, however, a large number of Esperanto websites that were clearly made using 1998's best internet graphics – which look decidedly lame in 2013.
So now, my punning clan – eh- cunning plan to spend 3 months over summer learning Esperanto. I'd like to be able to have a basic conversation in Esperanto by March.
And maybe know about 500 words.
Wish me luck!
Advertisements
The Democratic party and Barack Obama's campaign today announced a plan to spend $20m to organise and mobilise Hispanic voters.
Meanwhile, in Washington today buzz grew about Virginia governor Tim Kaine's place near the top of the short list of Obama vice-presidential choices. Kaine, an early Obama backer, could help Obama carry Virginia, and would bring outsider appeal to the ticket. He appeared in Washington today, ostensibly to visit his daughter, and told reporters: "I think I'm just not going to talk about my conversations with the campaign."
The Democrats will focus the $20m on four swing states in the west and south-west with large Hispanic populations. The party aims to take advantage of what it considers a blunder by Republicans who have embraced hard-line immigration policies that have alienated Hispanic voters and provoked them to political action. Democrats say that never before has a national party pledged this much money this early in such a broad programme.
Democrats say Colorado, Nevada, New Mexico and Florida are in play for Obama after voting for George Bush twice. Victories there would reduce pressure on Obama to win Ohio and Pennsylvania, typically the site of brutal fall battles.
At a press conference at Democratic National Committee headquarters this morning, four Hispanic congressmen said Obama's message of "change" on the economy, energy, healthcare, the war in Iraq, immigration and other issues appeals to Hispanic voters. The news conference did not focus on immigration, though polls show it is a top concern for Hispanic voters.
"The reality is that [McCain] is proposing the same initiatives as President Bush, on the war, on social security, the economy," Arizona representative Raul Grijalva said in Spanish, for the benefit of the Spanish-language media present, "and those were a failure for our community, tremendous damage. For me, the need for our community to choose Barack Obama is economic, political and social".
The money, which comes both from party coffers and Obama campaign funds, will be spent to contact, register and mobilise Hispanic voters, on online organising, media advertising, travel for campaign speakers and staffing in swing states. Democrats familiar with the initiative said the funds will be spent in all 50 states, but focused largely on the Hispanic-heavy swing states.
Obama is poised to carry a majority of Hispanic voters. According to a survey release last week by the Pew Hispanic Centre, a non-partisan research organisation, Hispanic registered voters favour the Illinois senator 66% to 23% for McCain. But by aiming aggressively at the segment, especially new voters, the Democrats hope to increase turnout that will add to his vote total in November, and force McCain to spend time and money campaigning in states that Bush won.
Bush, former governor of heavily Hispanic Texas, made strong inroads with Hispanic voters. His strategists recognised that the group's share of the electorate is growing, and Bush in 2000 and 2004 spent heavily on Spanish-language advertising and enlisted Bush's part-Mexican nephew in the effort. As a result, the Republican party doubled its share of the Hispanic vote in 2004 from 1996, winning 40% to the Democrats' 59%.
McCain, who also hails from a heavily Hispanic state, Arizona, was poised to share in Bush's appeal. In 2006 he was a staunch supporter of ambitious but ultimately unsuccessful immigration reform legislation backed by Bush and leading Democrats. Beginning in 2007 and through the Republican primary, McCain yielded to anti-immigration forces in the party base, however.
"He's got two key problems," said Democratic party spokesman Luis Miranda. "One, he's promising the same failed policies of the Bush administration, and two, he walked on an issue of such importance to the community, like immigration reform, which showed the community that, can you really trust him?"
Colorado senator Ken Salazar said immigration "is not one of the defining issues of our time" but noted that Obama "has not wavered in his commitment" to reforming the system. Obama has long backed a guest-worker programme for low-paying jobs typically filled by illegal aliens, a path to legal status for illegal aliens, and other provisions
Indeed, the McCain campaign has acknowledged the Republican party's poor standing among Hispanics, but the side plans to remind Hispanics of McCain's longstanding ties to the community. The campaign hopes Hispanics won't punish him for their distaste for Republican immigration policies.
In a statement released by the McCain campaign, Florida representative Lincoln Diaz-Balart said: "Unlike Barack Obama, John McCain doesn't need an introduction to the Hispanic community. John McCain has been working for more than two decades for the values, principles and issues Latinos care about."
During the long primary campaign, Hispanics backed New York senator Hillary Clinton nearly two to one, in part because Hispanic voters had a favourable view of former president Bill Clinton, and because of historic cool relations between blacks and Hispanics.
Representative Jose Serrano of New York, a staunch Clinton backer during the primary season, today said Latino support for her transfers to Obama, her fierce rival.
"That love that the Latino community had for Hillary is also a love for change," he said. "It's a love for the future of our country… it's a love for ending those policies which are unfair and it's a love for true change in America."
Microsoft has rolled out an official version of its Xbox app for iOS and Android. Already available for the company's own Windows platform, those rocking competitor mobile handsets will now be able to remain up-to-date with all things Xbox. With the app installed, it's possible to track accomplishments, see what your friends are currently playing, as well as purchase new titles from the Xbox Store.
The Xbox app on both iOS and Android are actually revamped successors to the old Xbox SmartGlass offerings. That said, everything you enjoyed using in the old app should remain available in this new updated experience, but will add features and more. Here's a quick run down of everything new this month:
Updated home – The Activity Feed is the home of the Xbox app
Activity feed updates – More personalised activity feed
Added Trending content – Find out what is popular on Xbox Live
Facebook friend finder – Add your Facebook friends who are also on Xbox
Contact list friend finder – Use your phones contact list to add friends to Xbox Live
Real name sharing – Be able to share your real name with your friends
Game hubs – Game Hubs now added to Xbox app
Connection destination – Updated the Xbox One navigation and media control of your Xbox One from the app
Updated profiles – Redesigned user profiles in Xbox app
(IraqiNews.com) Baghdad – The security committee in Baghdad Provincial Council stated on Sunday that the casualties of the ISIS suicide bombing that occurred earlier today in Karrada have increased to 347, while informed that the resources available with Ministry of Defense is not enough and that they are not capable of managing security in the capital.
The Deputy Chairman of the security committee of Baghdad Provincial Council Mohamed al-Robaie said, “The toll in the bombing at Karrada in central Baghdad today morning has risen and so far 167 people have been proclaimed dead and the numbers of injured have reached to 180, the numbers are expected to rise further.”
Adding further Robaie said, “The resources available with Ministry of Defense is not enough and the ministry is not capable of managing security of Baghdad. The security committee has repeatedly emphasized that the checkpoints are useless because keeping security in the capital and other provinces is not relying on the presence of a fixed security troops,” adding, “We don't have real intelligence services.”
While president Phil Jackson is holed up at his Montana lakehouse, the bonding of his new Knicks began in a private gym in Los Angeles on Thursday.
Supervised by personal trainer Rob McClanaghan, Derrick Rose, Brandon Jennings, Kristaps Porzingis and Sasha Vujacic mixed it up during a spirited 90-minute workout. McClanaghan has been Rose's offseason trainer since the former Bulls point guard matriculated to the University of Memphis in 2007.
McClanaghan has also trained Jennings for five years, though the two Knicks point guards had never worked out together until Thursday. Rose also never even had met Porzingis or Vujacic, two of the five Knicks players back from last season. The club will have at least nine new faces on the roster next season. Camaraderie wasn't built in a day, but Thursday got it started.
“Everyone really came together,'' McClanaghan told The Post in a phone interview from L.A. “All have a similar mindset — let's just win here and do whatever it takes and sacrifice.
“The workout was high-energy, guys having fun, talking a lot of trash — even me. Derrick loved being on the court with Porzingis.''
The four Knicks worked on a series of halfcourt drills. McClanaghan ended the session with a shooting contest.
“Then it got competitive and they came together,'' McClanaghan said.
Porzingis was in L.A. for the ESPYs, prompting Rose's invitation. Rose and McClanaghan have worked out in L.A. for several years.
Porzingis is back in New York now, but Vujacic, the former Laker, plans to work out with Rose and Jennings periodically into August. Coincidentally, McClanaghan is also the personal trainer of new Knicks shooting guard Courtney Lee, who is getting to L.A. on Aug. 1 with plans on working with Rose and Jennings.
Rose has been in L.A. working with McClanaghan the last six weeks, since before the June 22 Knicks blockbuster.
“It's the earliest we've started,'' McClanaghan said. “Because it's the first time he wasn't in the playoffs.''
Or injured. Rose's two knee surgeries (ACL and torn meniscus) cost him a lot of offseason gym time — which is why this offseason is so huge in terms of working on actual basketball. McClanaghan has worked on all aspects of Rose's game — pull-up jumpers being one of the areas of emphasis. Off the court, it's been weight training and yoga.
“I'm not worried — he put in his work and time in,'' McClanaghan said. “He listens to his body, which is important. Now he's ready to make the extra jump out there. It's been a solid six weeks. With the commitment and work he's put in, he's ready to have a great year. He's excited about a fresh start.”
Last season was a good step as Rose played 66 games after a rough start with a freak eye injury. It was a big development from the previous three seasons. He missed the entire 2012-13 season after undergoing ACL surgery from the prior spring; he missed 72 games in 2013-14 because of a torn meniscus; and he sat out 31 games in 2014-15 because of ankle, hamstring and knee issues.
On the first day of training camp last September, Taj Gibson cracked Rose in the eye and he missed training camp with blurred vision.
“He was ready to go and it put a damper on things right away,'' McClanaghan admitted.
Jennings, whom Jackson has challenged to win Sixth Man of the Year, will back up Rose and may come with more question marks than Rose. Regaining complete explosiveness after an Achilles tendon rupture is considered more arduous than ACL tears. Jennings sustained the rupture in January 2015 and didn't play another game until nearly a year later — in late December last season.
“Last summer we couldn't do anything,'' said McClanaghan, who is based in Rhode Island during the season. “He's getting back to old form. Brandon is the hardest worker when he shows up — no one works harder and I'm not just saying that.”
There's more work to be done with Rose and Jennings before training camp, but McClanaghan feels good vibes.
“Everyone has their own great motivation, everyone wants to be together and win,'' McClanaghan said.
Supporters of Obamacare often attempt to reassure themselves by claiming that opponents of the law are ignorant and demagogic. The PPACA Pack, on the other hand, is enlightened, cerebral, and compassionate.
In reality, however, Democrats are the ones who speak most demagogically about health care. Like when the Democratic National Committee says that “insurance companies … overcharge for insurance just to boost their profits and CEO bonuses.” Indeed, the DNC went so far as to claim that Obamacare “frees Americans from the fear of insurance companies raising premiums by double digits with no recourse or accountability.” Kathleen Sebelius and the DNC would have you believe that Obamacare prevents rate hikes by cracking down on those demonic, profit-hungry insurance companies, and that repealing the law would allow insurers to once again run amok.
So, then, how to explain the news this month that Blue Shield of California was “seeking cumulative hikes of as much as 59% for tens of thousands of customers” this year? Wasn't PPACA supposed to stop these supposedly abusive practices?
Unfortunately not. Blue Shield has stated that the new rates “meet the federal requirement that 80 percent of premiums are spent on healthcare expenses,” putting paid to the nonsensical argument that marketing expenses and CEO bonuses are driving premium increases. As Blue Shield detailed in a lengthy statement, the rate hikes correlate directly to increases in the cost of health care, including 4 percent “to cover the costs of enhanced benefits required under healthcare reform.” Despite these increases, Blue Shield expects to lose $10-20 million in 2010 and $20-30 million in 2011 on their individual plans.
New California insurance commissioner Dave Jones, in his first act in office, fired off a letter to Blue Shield, calling on the insurer to suspend its rate hike. “I wish to satisfy myself that all the pending proposed increases have been thoroughly and excessively reviewed.”
But Blue Shield of California is a not-for-profit entity “that has long advocated for universal coverage,” and the company was not cowed by Jones' posturing. Instead, Blue Shield CEO Bruce Bodaken said the company would have its increases reviewed by an independent actuarial consultant, promising to refund Blue Shield's policyholders with interest if the company had calculated its rate increases incorrectly.
But neither independent consultants nor press releases from politicians can change the basic facts of health costs. As Jordan Rau recently chronicled in an insightful piece for Kaiser Health News, hospitals are taking advantage of their monopoly status to charge more for their services, and insurers have no choice but to pass those increases onto their policyholders, or they would go out of business.
Indeed, Obamacare is guaranteed to increase, not decrease, underlying health costs. The law subsidizes excessive health spending, and imposes costly mandates on insurance plans that drive costs upward. Those who are genuinely concerned about rising health costs must start by repealing that law.
UPDATE: If you're a fan of Xtranormal, you'll enjoy this take-down of the Left's view of health insurance:
https://youtube.com/watch?v=3PPAtuv6-_w
— Avik Roy is an equity research analyst at Monness, Crespi, Hardt & Co. in New York City. He blogs on health-care issues at The Apothecary.
Kids are pretty innovative, but they're also very stupid. They'll come up with some amazing ways to cheat on tests and then ruin it by being so obvious about it.
My generation's genius move was transcribing entire tests on a scientific calculator and then handing it off to someone else. Of course, when half the kids in the class are passing around calculators during a history exam, the teachers caught on and our master plan was foiled.
Painstakingly writing text on a scientific calculator was as technologically advanced as it got for us. All other means of communication were done the old fashioned way: by scribbling on a piece of loose leaf, folding it up, and hand-delivering it to its recipient. These days, it seems like that process is rivaled in oldness only by the Pony Express.
Writing notes was a rite of passage, but it wasn't just the writing that was awesome. Folding it was an art form in and of itself. There were tons of unique ways to fold a note, which you can see here. I used to fold mine like the two on the bottom right. Though the triangle was always a safe standby, since it doubled as a paper football.
I think the different folds were determined by the sensitivity of the note's contents. Once you started getting three-dimensional, there was some seriously secretive stuff going on. Crushes were definitely involved.
On the top shelf in my closet, I have a box filled with dozens of old notes that I got when I was in middle school and high school. I'm sure a lot of you do too. I read through a bunch not too long ago, and I have no idea why I saved some of them. But there are definitely a few that completely and totally sum up my life at the time.
Fifteen years from now, I doubt my kids will have any sort of paper trail. They'll have a bunch of texts and emails, I guess, but their “Box of Stuff” will be lacking all that personality.
Almost every kind of communication we have with each other is digital. People don't write letters, they only send cards when they have to, and I know a lot of people who prefer bringing their laptop to a meeting instead of a notebook. Where's the fun in that? Are you supposed to doodle on MS Paint?
I had a friend tell me that she hasn't gotten someone's number on a piece of paper in years. Granted, that's a small thing, but think about it. When was the last time you wrote your number down to give it to someone? Five or six years ago?
The little changes are what makes me nervous. They happen so gradually and so casually that you never even realize your life is totally changing in front of your eyes. I think I said that exact line in a previous post. Just pretend I didn't.
I think I'm gonna start writing notes again. The other day I realized I'm addicted to “screens”, and I'm trying to kick the habit. I stopped watching TV during dinner, and maybe I'll stop typing these blogs and just mail you all handwritten notes instead.
Just don't expect a Christmas Card too. I'm only human.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Disqus
Mohamed Salah has spent a year in the shadows at Chelsea. With his future at the Blues reportedly hanging in the balance, could the loan move to Fiorentina reveal his true talent?
The diminutive winger, a 22-year-old Egyptian, has only made eighteen senior appearances for Chelsea. It is fair to say that he hasn't impressed José Mourinho, who has taken the decision to give him playing time elsewhere. But has the “Special One” got his assessment of the player right?
What first catches the eye when watching him play is that he is ferociously quick. He was playing for Swiss champions Basel when I saw him for the first time at White Hart Lane. He single handedly destroyed Spurs that night, causing huge amounts of problems for the defence. His pace and direct running style really set him apart from others on the pitch, including Gareth Bale. I had never heard of him before that night, but I knew he would be destined for better things. In the return leg, he scored and Basel subsequently went through by virtue of penalties.
By this time, he was linked with a move away to clubs such as Tottenham Hotspur, Liverpool and future employers Chelsea. A relatively cheap £11 million was enough to prise him away and take him to West London. Joining a team of world class players, it would have always been hard for him to walk straight into the team; the only player to have done that who comes to mind is Eden Hazard, who is possibly amongst the top five players in the world right now.
I do think that he can be a success in the Premier League. His raw pace is unbelievable, and pace is an attribute which seems to be more important than any other for a winger these days. If you have the speed and willingness to run at defenders, you will always cause problems. He may not be as tricky as Hazard, but he is easily just as quick.
He is also proven at international level, having made 35 appearances for the Egpyt senior team, scoring a whopping 20 times. That is a very impressive return, on the biggest stage, for a winger. For the sake of a quick comparison, Hazard has played 53 times for Belgium but has only scored six times. Of course, this is only a basic comparison and it's clear that Hazard is the better player, but surely someone who scores 20 times from 35 games for his national side deserves more of a chance.
Maybe this is all part of Mourinho's plan. He isn't afraid of being ruthless. Just ask André Schürrle, a world cup winner with Germany. He has recently been unceremoniously shipped off to Wolfsburg. Only time will tell with Salah. He is only young, but surely with the right kind of playing time he can develop into a top player. It would be good to see him back in the Premiership: after all, who doesn't like seeing speedy, tricky wingers beating defenders?
Thank you for reading. Please take a second to follow me on Twitter – @LWOSryanhall. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport and @LWOSworld – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for?
Feel free to discuss this and other footy related articles with thousands at r/football.
UPDATE!:
My name is Darick Maasen and I'm Chicago-based artist and designer. I love tiki culture, and after seeing a couple successful tiki mug campaigns here on Kickstarter by Jonathan Chaffin and HorrorInClay.com I knew I wanted to create my own. I was just waiting for some inspiration!
Inspiration strikes!
When I travel, I love to find little tiki bars, and I especially love when they have their own custom mugs, which can be kind of rare. Making a run of custom, high-quality, stoneware mugs is very expensive and can be unrealistic for some small bars. This Kickstarter is an experiment to see if a custom mug for a tiny tiki bar can be crowd-sourced. If this works maybe we can bring custom mugs to bars everywhere!
On a trip to my hometown of Jefferson City Missouri, I spotted a small tiki bar and became quick friends with the owner Jonny Ver Planck. After a few drinks we started chatting and the perfect opportunity to try out my experiment came into focus!
Voodoo-head-shrinking, river-mermaids, known as the 'Rivermaids' have existed in local folklore for centuries! These mysterious head-hunting Rivermaids lurk the cold depths of the river, ready to drag their horrific trophies to waterlogged piles below!
When Jonny Ver Planck opened his bar and a rum distillery near the Rivermaids hunting grounds, picking a name was easy. The Shrunken Head Tropic Lounge was born.
Now I've immortalized the Rivermaids in the 'Shrunken Head Rivermaid Mug'. My ode to tiny tiki bars, horror-fiction, mermaids, shrunken heads, and muddy rivers!
Designed by me and sculpted by my friend Mike Doran exclusively for The Shrunken Head Tropic Lounge - This thing is really something to behold at 7.5" and an intoxicating 18 oz capacity.
I really wanted this mug to look like it had been sitting at the bottom of the muddy Missouri for awhile before being dredged up. This brownish-bone mug has a mossy green wipe-off glaze making each unique.
Ergonomic Rivermaid-grip!
An ergonomic grip is cleverly hidden in the design. The underside of one of the Rivermaids sticks out further than the rest of the mug for a snug fit in the crook of your hand. Meanwhile your other fingers wrap around a sunken hollow tree log filled with grisly shrunken heads!
Everything is ready to unleash the river maids except for the money. This is where you come in. Help me and Jonny bring a high quality, custom mug to a small tiki bar for everyone to enjoy. If this works out, I want to help bring custom tiki mugs to small bars everywhere!
In addition to the mug, I have several rewards for your help including an exclusive custom companion-fez from Fezorama.com, prints from popular artist Tim Shumate, indie-comic artist Isabella Rottman, Chicago-Tattoo-royalty Kit Hall, and myself!
Jason Rodgers and Fez-o-rama collaborated with me to design the Shrunken Head Rivermaids companion fez. I really loved the Fez he created for the Innsmouth Fogcutter and am jazzed that he agreed to produce a fez for my Kickstarter as well!
Custom Fez by Fez-O-Rama
I've gathered together some great talent to create these original pieces of artwork featuring head-hunting Rivermaids!
How to use the memory allocator patch?
Tips for additional stability:
Data/SKSE/SKSE.ini (not needed if UseOSAllocators=1 in CrashFixPlugin.ini):
Set DefaultHeapInitialAllocMB:Memory to 768. If you are using a lot of mods or higher uGrid than 5 then set 1024. Helps with CTD during save load, especially if you can load the save after qasmoke. Max value is 1280. If you are using ENB you may get CTD on startup with higher value than 768 and ExpandSystemMemoryX64 true in enblocal.ini!
to 768. If you are using a lot of mods or higher uGrid than 5 then set 1024. Helps with CTD during save load, especially if you can load the save after qasmoke. Max value is 1280. If you are using ENB you may get CTD on startup with higher value than 768 and ExpandSystemMemoryX64 true in enblocal.ini! Set ScrapHeapSizeMB:Memory to 256. Game can't use more than 256 of this and setting higher serves no purpose.
Skyrim.ini:
uExterior Cell Buffer:General - setting this too high causes crashes more, especially when game wants to unload many cells at once. If you set 0 or just remove it from your INI then game decides this and that's the best way.
- setting this too high causes crashes more, especially when game wants to unload many cells at once. If you set 0 or just remove it from your INI then game decides this and that's the best way. bPreemptivelyUnloadCells:General - setting this 1 will mean game purges cell buffers and unload cell whenever it is possible. Default is 0 which means keep cell in memory until we need the space for other cells. I find 0 to be better, there's no reason to unload cell immediately, the buffer was implemented for a reason.
- setting this 1 will mean game purges cell buffers and unload cell whenever it is possible. Default is 0 which means keep cell in memory until we need the space for other cells. I find 0 to be better, there's no reason to unload cell immediately, the buffer was implemented for a reason. fPostLoadUpdateTimeMS:Papyrus - setting higher will cause longer loading. Mine is 500, seems to work well for me. You can try 750 or even 1000+ if you have a lot of script-heavy mods.
- setting higher will cause longer loading. Mine is 500, seems to work well for me. You can try 750 or even 1000+ if you have a lot of script-heavy mods. fUpdateBudgetMS:Papyrus - remove (this sets to default 1.2). If you have a lot of script heavy mods and a good PC you can set higher for example 2.0, however this can reduce your FPS when a lot of things are happening.
- remove (this sets to default 1.2). If you have a lot of script heavy mods and a good PC you can set higher for example 2.0, however this can reduce your FPS when a lot of things are happening. fExtraTaskletBudgetMS:Papyrus - remove (this sets to default 1.2). See above.
- remove (this sets to default 1.2). See above. bEnableLogging:Papyrus - set 0. There's no reason to log papyrus unless you are developing a mod. Writing to file constantly is not good for performance. Papyrus logs have nothing to do with finding causes for crashes, although you can use this to find misbehaving mod scripts which can be helpful, I'd recommend to disable it for normal gameplay though.
- set 0. There's no reason to log papyrus unless you are developing a mod. Writing to file constantly is not good for performance. Papyrus logs have nothing to do with finding causes for crashes, although you can use this to find misbehaving mod scripts which can be helpful, I'd recommend to disable it for normal gameplay though. bEnableTrace:Papyrus - set 0. See above.
- set 0. See above. Any other papyrus setting - delete. Changing the papyrus from default will just cause instability or lagged scripts.
- delete. Changing the papyrus from default will just cause instability or lagged scripts. iPresentInterval:Display - VSync enabled or disabled. You shouldn't need to change this as default value is 1 and that's good.
Safety Load (not needed if UseOSAllocators=1 in CrashFixPlugin.ini):
Stable uGridsToLoad:
ENB:
Bashed Patch:
LOOT:
TES5Edit cleaning:
Playthrough:
Common issues:
Changelog
12 - 28/08/2016
Errors or warnings from Crash Fixes is now also logged to file - enabled by default. The file appears in Data/SKSE/Plugins/CrashFixPluginLog.txt
Added automatic crash dump analysis, disabled by default. It creates files in Data/SKSE/Plugins/CrashLog/crash_timestamp.txt
Warn user if they have bad ENB settings on startup.
Added a crash fix related to Enderal.
Added a crash fix related to magic effects list.
Skyrim will display warning if actor has unexpectedly NULL TESCombatStyle form. It tries to display the actor form ID so you can check it out yourself.
Changed a bit how the corrupt NIF crash is detected, it might help avoid some false positives.
Show
11 - 29/06/2016
Added a message to help track down crashes that may be caused by a corrupted NIF.
Changed how the message boxes are displayed if Crash Fixes wants to display a message. Maybe it helps a bit with the problem where message goes behind the game's screen and can't see it? Report in comments, for me it works. Also the message boxes from this mod now clearly say they are from this mod.
Added couple more null pointer check patches.
Added a message when failed to allocate a texture, usually because of running out of VRAM.
Added a custom implementation of block allocator for very small allocations. This may help reduce fragmentation but does not eliminate it. Disabled by default. Read the INI for more information.
10 - 21/05/2016
Compatibility with SKSE Plugin Preloader for malloc patch. http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/75795/?
9 - 20/05/2016
Fixed actor value fix not working.
Added fix to manually patch movaps when AlignHeapAllocate is disabled.
Removed one option that didn't do anything in the end.
Extended one magic effect projectile fix to apply to all uses of that function.
Fixed save game string count 65536 fices didn't work completely.
AlignHeapAllocate fix is now disabled by default, too many people didn't like the downside of longer loading and more memory usage.
Added option to completely disable Skyrim's memory allocation system and use regular C malloc. Currently not possible to enable since I don't have permission to upload the modified skse_steam_loader.dll
8 - 03/05/2016
Added fix for more than 65535 strings in save game.
Added warning message if your SKSE memory patch is not active.
7 - 28/04/2016
Added 2 more fixes.
Added 1 more crash with message about what may be causing it.
6 - 25/01/2016
Adjusted StrCmp fix, should detect crash better.
Added 2 more error messages when specific crashes happen to let user know what they could try.
Tried to make INI explanations a little bit better.
5 - 20/01/2016
Added 2 more possible fixes. See last 2 entries of INI file or readme.
4 - 17/01/2016
Fixed another crash related to memory alignment. See last INI entry for details.
3 - 10/01/2016
Adjusted memory alignment fix code a bit.
Added 1 more possible fix reported in how to debug thread.
2 - 05/01/2016
Removed all the deadlock stuff.
Spoiler:
Made a plugin to help try and fix some of the crashes I've been seeing in http://www.loverslab.com/topic/46913-how-to-debug-ctd/ . You can turn each individual fix on / off in the, default settings recommended but if you have problems with something and you know what you're doing you can change. If you want to see exactly what crashes are fixed (with addresses) and a small explanation of my best understanding of the crash then check the INI file or readme on the nexus mod page.This plugin is meant to fix some common crashes AFTER you have followed STEP guides and sensible modding rules! It does not fix problems that come from modding irresponsibly or conflicts between mods.1. Open CrashFixPlugin.ini and find "UseOSAllocators=0"2. Change it to "UseOSAllocators=1"3. Download and install SKSE Plugin Preloader 4. Start game, if you get an error saying that memory patch could not be applied read the message for help, otherwise you're good to go.(5.) Causes game to crash and you use ENB? Set ExpandSystemMemoryX64=false in enblocal.ini(6.) Causes game to crash more frequently (especially with UNP RaceMenu sliders)? Try AlignHeapAllocate=1 in CrashFixPlugin.ini(These are things I've observed and Not 100% fact!)If you don't have some lines listed below in your INI it means they are set to default value.Install Safety Load if you have a infinite loading screen or freeze at any point. It fixes a bug in memory allocation that causes deadlock. Yes you still need this if you have SKSE memory patch, no they don't do the same thing. SKSE memory patch hides the problem of deadlock for longer because it allocates a larger memory block. If you don't have freeze or infinite loading screen at all then you don't need this!Don't use this. It causes memory corruption and does nothing unless you are changing your uGridsToLoad setting in INI often (I don't know why you would).I'm not an expert in ENB, but these two I recommend in enblocal.ini:ExpandSystemMemoryX64=falseReduceSystemMemoryUsage=trueYou should make this. It helps resolve a lot of conflicts between mods, especially related to leveled lists which can be a big problem. If there are no conflicts this doesn't really do any harm but even a small mod list usually has some.LOOT can be a good tool to help resolve issues with ordering, but it is not perfect, sometimes it places mods incorrectly, use your best judgement. LOOT can also warn you about other potential problems with mods.Do this! LOOT can tell you which mods need cleaning.Don't install or uninstall mods (with ESP files) in the middle of playthrough. Even changing the order can be very bad, especially if you use bashed patch or anything with SkyProc (requiem, perkus maximus). This of course applies to ESP files! Graphics mods and pure SKSE plugins are fine most of the time.Set AlignHeapAllocate=1 in CrashFixPlugin.ini, downside is increased load time and increased memory usage.Set ExpandSystemMemoryX64=false in enblocal.iniSet ReduceSystemMemoryUsage=true in enblocal.iniSet ExpandSystemMemoryX64=false in enblocal.iniCheck out my other mod Bug fixes.
Dubai: In the latest scam targeting Dubai residents, con artists are now duping Internet users into believing that the Emirates National Oil Company (Enoc) is handing out a cash prize worth over Dh600,000.
The scam, which was sent via e-mail, claims that it is a free lucky draw, as part of its international annual promotion in the fight against HIV/Aids awareness campaigns. The letter further states that eight lucky winners in this year's draw won US$170,000.
When contacted by Gulf News, Enoc confirmed that no such raffle draw exists.
In the event when Enoc does offer promotions, the cash prize has always been in the currency of UAE dirhams.
Dubai Police continuously carry out awareness campaigns to educate the public against scams, which includes the poplar line of “winning a cash prize.”
Lt Col Omar Bin Hammad, Deputy Director of the Anti-Economic Crime Department, previously said that in most instances of fraud, the common practice is to swindle victims through email, SMS and social media.
He said that anyone told they had won a prize should directly call the company who are allegedly giving it away.
“Dubai is a transient city and many new people go in and out of the city and are not aware of this trick and so they become victims and lose money,” he said.
How to keep safe online:
Avail of your bank's or cardholder's fraud-protection services:
1. For Visa holders, cardholders are not held liable if their cards are lost or stolen. Make sure you have a Visa anti-fraud systems, such as Verified by Visa, a password that confirms customer identity while making online payments. Take note of Visa transaction alerts and never brush off any suspicious activity even if the transaction is Dh1.
2. Do business with reputable vendors.
3. Make sure your information is being encrypted. Secure sites usually have URLs that begin with “https:” and a padlock icon.
4. Be wary of emails requesting information.
5. Check your shopping app settings and privacy policies of websites before giving your information.
6. Check your statements, keep receipts of your purchases and compare them to your bank statements.
Source: Visa, US Computer Emergency Readiness Team
LAFAYETTE, Ind. (MarketWatch) — America's factories are facing a shortage of skilled workers. And Nic Herrera and Denise Flores are seen as part of the solution.
They're learning how to program robots and troubleshoot problems on the production line through a two-year work-and-college program run by Vincennes University and four manufacturing companies in Lafayette, Ind.
The program, which is beginning its third year, is part of a changing mindset among factory managers — and a changing workforce. Indiana, the state most dependent on manufacturing, could be short as many as 1 million manufacturing employees by 2025 as longtime workers retire and as employers complain of difficulties in finding new workers with the right skills.
“We realized if we want the workforce of the future, we're going to have to get our hands in it. We can't just wait for it to happen,” said Brad Rhorer, who has championed the program as assistant senior manager of human resources at Subaru of Indiana Automotive, owned by Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd. 7270, +0.23% in Japan.
Subaru is one of a handful of companies that have teamed up with Vincennes to create a program that mixes classes and work. In the Lafayette “Advanced Internship in Manufacturing” program, or AIM, students learn by doing, splitting their time between the classroom and the factory floor. They graduate in just over two years with an associate's degree in computer-integrated manufacturing technology and, most likely, a job offer in maintenance from their factory employer.
Read: Why U.S. companies pay headhunters $15,000 to fill manufacturing jobs
Similar programs are popping up around the country, in what is an American twist on Germany's much-vaunted apprenticeship program. Vincennes runs similar maintenance-focused programs built around Toyota's TM, +0.67% Indiana factory, 30 miles south of Vincennes, and a group of smaller companies in Jasper, an hour southeast of Vincennes. All of them, says Donna Taylor Bouchie, who oversees them as director of Vincennes' InternPlus program, have more applicants than slots. Manufacturers help decide who gets selected.
“There is a rather large number of employers saying they want something or need something like this. But it is difficult to get them to organize.” Chuck Johnson, president of Vincennes University
To be sure, the programs on their own won't solve the worker shortage. The latest group to start the AIM program numbers only 24. Some students are fresh out of high school, and many others have been working for several years. Vincennes is looking for ways to expand the program, Bouchie said.
Recruiting for the next class has already begun. Tom Schott, the AIM program's coordinator in Lafayette, will visit 30 high schools in a 12-county area.
“There is a rather large number of employers saying they want something or need something like this,” said Chuck Johnson, the president of Vincennes University. “But it is difficult to get them to organize. It takes industry stepping up and making a time commitment and a personnel commitment.”
There's no guarantee the students will stay in manufacturing. Vincennes officials say the program isn't aimed at top high-school students considering a four-year engineering degree from Purdue University, in neighboring West Lafayette. “We have discovered there is a difference between an engineer and a person who wants to be the hands-on person on the floor,” Bouchie says.
Instead, the target is someone more like 19-year-old Madison Gish, who admits that “I didn't really know what I wanted to do after high school.”
She's now in her second year of the AIM program and finds she enjoys writing the “standard work instructions” that explain how to run or maintain a machine. Still, she says, maintenance really isn't for her; she's more of a computer person.
Not only must manufacturers hold on to their newly trained workers, but they also have to convince parents that manufacturing can be a career, not just a job. Many see college, not a factory, as the pathway to success, a message underscored by high schools' emphasis on getting students into four-year programs.
Read: 47% of high school grads aren't prepared for college
For Gish and others, the Lafayette program actually starts the summer before classes begin. They're given jobs on the factory floor, working as summer help for as much as $13.50 an hour. That's designed to give them a feel for what happens on the production line before they head to Vincennes, 150 miles away in southwestern Indiana, for a semester of technology classes plus an online speech class.
Back in Lafayette, they spend three days a week at their paid internship, shadowing experienced maintenance technicians, and two days a week taking more classes for two full years, including summers. Subaru pays them $17.50 an hour; some suppliers that are involved in the program pay less. State training money covers half of the cost. Vincennes says their total earnings of about $30,000 should cover most, if not all, of their tuition and living expenses.
On a recent Friday, students in the second-year program are using their laptops to work through a troubleshooting scenario involving faulty electrical wiring. In the next room, they can practice hanging fuse boxes and making connections. Nearby, a half-dozen gray robotic arms from the Subaru factory are set up. Students will learn to maintain and program those as well.
Not all will survive the program. They're expected to earn at least a C in every class. They accumulate demerits for tardiness and absenteeism on the job; too many and they're booted from the program. That's happened to some, while others decide maintenance work isn't for them. Seventeen of the 22 who were accepted into the program a year ago are still in it.
Subaru of Indiana Automotive Robots now do the welding at Subaru of Indiana Automotive in Lafayette, Ind.
The program's roots go back to Subaru, which is facing a retirement crunch. But the problem is particularly acute in the maintenance department, which does everything from repairing a broken wire to writing program logic for a stamping press larger than a three-story home. More than half of the staff of about 200 will be eligible for retirement by 2025, and maintenance has become more complicated as automation has increased. When Subaru opened its Lafayette factory in 1989, for example, almost every weld on a car was done by a person. Today, about 1,500 robots do those jobs. Subaru's production, meanwhile, has jumped to 1,350 cars a day — one every 63 seconds — from 88 in 1989.
It can take years to fully train a new maintenance worker, says Rhorer, Subaru's assistant senior manager of human resources. That's worrying, given that every minute of unplanned downtime on the production line costs the company $10,000.
“The need for maintenance is so vast across the state that we have to have other ways to fill those positions,” he says.
Read: America desperately needs to redefine ‘college and career ready'
So in 2014, Subaru took on 10 students as the first class of AIM students. Six recently finished the program and are working full time for Subaru, earning a base pay of almost $22 an hour, plus a bonus tied to attendance. One of the first participants made such an impression on his bosses at Subaru that he was quickly promoted to team leader.
The next class totaled 22 students, shared among Subaru and two of its suppliers as well as the nearby Caterpillar engine factory. One of those is Denise Flores, a 24-year-old whose internship is with Subaru. She previously worked in production at another local factory. Now she's already doing a lot of preventive maintenance on her own, such as greasing robots, and proudly recounted how she replaced a stopper on a piece of equipment 20 feet in the air. It was a problem she'd spotted on her maintenance rounds.
Her ambitions now go beyond maintenance. She's decided she wants to get into manufacturing engineering technology, which is all about making a factory flow better. “I can take this knowledge and be a better engineer,” she says.
Tom Schott Nic Herrera and Gabe Broderick are in their second year of the AIM program organized by Vincennes University and Lafayette, Ind., manufacturers.
Another student, Nic Herrera, is working at Heartland Automotive, a unit of a Japanese auto-parts maker, doing everything from fixing toilets to repairing hydraulics.
He has discovered he loves welding, something he first tried during the program's lone semester on campus. At Heartland, he's learning to fabricate machine parts. When a part broke and the replacement would take eight weeks to arrive from Japan, he and his team built a piece that would keep the machine running until it did.
“I came in not knowing anything about maintenance, but I like it,” he says, flashing a wide smile. “You get to work with your hands a lot.”
In February 2013, the upper house of parliament granted security agencies permission to monitor private e-mails and mobile phone communications collect evidence of terrorist activity when they passed a piece of 2012 legislation governing trials. Other legal challenges faced by ICT users included a defamation suit stemming from comments made via Twitter, and of the 23-odd blasphemy cases reported in 2012, at least two involved text messages, causing one family to flee their home and one arrest. Though attacks on journalists from traditional media far outstripped those on bloggers and internet users, both groups received threats. In a case which resounded around the world, insurgents shot and seriously injured Malala Yousufzai for creating online content for the BBC about her life as a school-girl in a Taliban-controlled region of Pakistan.
Article 19 of the Pakistani constitution establishes freedom of speech as a fundamental right, although it is subject to several restrictions.[79] Pakistan also became a signatory to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights in 2010.[80] In 2011, Pakistan People's Party lawmaker Sherry Rehman, now ambassador to the United States, introduced the Right to Information Bill in the National Assembly, a law that would prevent all public bodies from blocking a requester's access to public records.[81] A Senate sub-committee reviewed the draft in June 2013 in preparation for tabling it for parliament to pass.[82]
Section 124 of the Pakistan penal code on sedition “by words” or “visible representation” is broadly worded, though it has been used infrequently to punish journalists and online speech.[83] However, Section 295(c), which covers blasphemy, has been invoked to limit freedom of expression and has featured in most recent cases concerning internet speech. In 2010, police initiated legal proceedings against Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg over the page titled, “Everyone Draws Mohammad Day.”[84] The maximum punishment for blasphemy is life imprisonment or the death penalty, though the charges against Zuckerberg appear to have been quietly dropped after they were ridiculed in the press.
At least 23 blasphemy cases involving 27 defendants were reported in 2012, according to the Human Rights Commission of Pakistan.[85] Some of these involved electronic media. In October 2012, for example, neighbors filed a police complaint against a 16-year-old Christian boy in Karachi for allegedly sending them a blasphemous text message.[86] Reflecting the difficulty of proving intent in such cases, media reports published conflicting accounts of the message, some reporting that the unnamed boy acknowledged forwarding a message but denied creating it, and others saying the message was sent when his mobile phone was commandeered by friends. His family fled the area and neighbors ransacked their house. A second text message resulted in the arrest of the sender, even though he claimed to have circulated the blasphemous content to resolve a dispute with a customer.[87]
Accusing someone of blasphemy leaves them vulnerable to attack, regardless of whether it has foundation, while attempts to reform the punitive laws leave even politicians vulnerable. In January 2013, the Supreme Court ordered an investigation into Ambassador Sherry Rehman after a businessman accused her of blaspheming the Prophet during an October 2010 television talk show appearance to defend proposed changes to the blasphemy laws; police and lower courts had refused to consider the case.[88] Three months after that TV appearance, Salman Taseer, the governor of Punjab, was murdered by his own bodyguard for criticizing the same laws.
The 2004 Defamation Act allows for imprisonment of up to five years, and observers fear a chilling effect if it is used to launch court cases for online expression, particularly since internet users are already seeking to prosecute their rivals. In January 2013, a Twitter feud escalated into a defamation suit when Tahir Ashrafi, head of the Pakistan Ulema Council of Muslim clerics and scholars, announced that he would initiate civil proceedings against Let Us Build Pakistan, a political website, for allegedly inciting sectarian violence.[89] A writer on the site—which critics censure for spreading hate speech—had accused Ashrafi of forming alliances with banned extremist groups.
Government surveillance is a concern for activists, bloggers, and media representatives in Balochistan, as well as ordinary internet users wishing to comment openly on the state or religion, notably atheist groups. Pakistani authorities, particularly intelligence agencies, appear to have been expanding their monitoring activities in recent years, while provincial officials have been exerting pressure on the central government to grant local police forces greater surveillance powers and location tracking abilities, ostensibly to curb terrorism and violent crimes.[90] ISPs, telecommunications companies, and SIM card vendors are required to authenticate the National Identity Card details of prospective customers with the National Database Registration Authority before providing service.[91] Furthermore, under the Prevention of Electronic Crimes Ordinance—a 2007 bill that required ISPs to retain traffic data for a minimum of 90 days, among other regulations[92]—telecommunications companies were required to keep logs of customer communications and pass them to security agencies when directed by the PTA. While the bill officially expired in 2009, the practice is reportedly still active.
In February 2013, the upper house of parliament passed the Fair Trial Act 2012, which had been approved by the National Assembly in December.[93] The legislation allows security agencies to seek a judicial warrant to monitor private communications “to neutralize and prevent [a] threat or any attempt to carry out scheduled offenses;” and covers information sent from or received in Pakistan or between Pakistani citizens whether they are resident in the country or not.[94] The bill was proposed by Law Minister Farooq Hamid Naek to thwart terrorism, but its critics counter that the act's wording leaves it open to abuse, and that it grants powers to a broad range of agencies.[95] Under the law, service providers face a one-year jail term or a fine of up to PKR 10 million ($103,000) for failing to cooperate with the warrant.
In 2013, a report by Citizen Lab indicated that Pakistani citizens may be vulnerable to oversight through a software tool present in the country. The “Governmental IT Intrusion and Remote Monitoring Solutions” known as FinFisher Suite described in the report includes the FinSpy tool, which attacks the victim's machine with malware to collect data including Skype audio, key logs, and screenshots.[96] The analysis found FinFisher's command and control servers in 36 countries globally, including Pakistan, on the PTCL network. This does not confirm that actors in Pakistan are knowingly taking advantage of its capabilities. Nevertheless, civil society organizations called on PTCL to investigate and disable FinFisher tools.[97]
Pakistan is also reported to be a long-time customer of Narus,[98] a U.S.-based firm known for designing technology that allows for monitoring of traffic flows and deep-packet inspection of internet communications, and some media reports say Pakistani authorities have also acquired surveillance technology from China. In 2013, when news reports described the possible introduction of new filtering software to address the YouTube crisis, some said the information ministry objected to its additional capacities for monitoring communications. PTA chief Farooq Ahmed Khan denied any intent to use it for surveillance.[99]
Pakistan is one of the world's most dangerous countries for traditional journalists, with seven killed in 2012 alone, either on the job or in reprisal for published reports.[100] Violence has yet to affect online journalists in the same way, though they are equally vulnerable to some attacks, such as double-bombings that target first responders at the scene of one blast with a second, delayed detonation. In January 2013, twin blasts hit a Shia Muslim community in Quetta, the provincial capital of Balochistan, killing over 100 people, including three media professionals and Irfan Ali, a blogger and human rights activist who was helping survivors at the scene.[101]
In a particularly high-profile case, an unknown gunman shot 15-year-old Malala Yousufzai in the head while she was traveling in a school van in the Taliban-controlled Swat region of Pakistan in October 2012; she had received threats for writing an online diary for the BBC in 2009.[102] Though she used a pseudonym, the diary included personal details about her family; she also appeared in an online video series for The New York Times,[103] among other local media appearances, and became an informal spokesperson promoting education for women, which the Taliban had recently banned. The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the shooting, saying she had “divulged secrets of the mujahideen and Taliban through BBC [sic].”[104] Yousufzai survived the shooting and was flown to the United Kingdom where she was treated for a severe head wound.
Pakistan was shocked by the attack, and social media played a significant role in driving public debate over the case,[105] which criticized military and intelligence leaders for failing to check the Taliban,[106] and prompted a retaliatory online smear campaign accusing Yousufzai of being a U.S. spy.[107] Local journalists reported Taliban spokesmen contacting them by e-mail and text to defend the action and warn against negative coverage.[108]
Several other free expression activists and bloggers have also reported receiving death threats. Many publicize them—and sometimes attract more—on Twitter. Most are sent via text message from untraceable, unregistered mobile phone connections, often originating from the tribal areas of the country, and several include specific details from the recipient's social media profiles or other online activity. In addition, some militant Islamic groups in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and FATA attack cybercafés, which they consider sites of moral degradation. In January 2012, an explosion outside an internet cafe in Peshawar, provincial capital of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, killed two people;[109] at least three more attacks on cybercafés or mobile phone stores were reported in different areas of the country in the first half of 2013.[110]
Technical attacks against the websites of NGO's, opposition groups, and activists are common in Pakistan but typically go unreported due to self-censorship. Minority organizations such as the Catholic-run human rights advocacy group National Commission for Justice and Peace have also been subject to technical attacks. The websites of government agencies are also commonly attacked, often by ideological hackers attempting to make a political statement. In March 2013, an unidentified hacker defaced the electoral commission's website in advance of elections.[111] Hackers defaced websites belonging to the Supreme Court and the PTA in October 2011 demanding stricter controls for online pornography.[112] Hackers have also infiltrated Pakistan's internet registry PKNIC, which manages the country's top level domains, including major news websites and Microsoft and Google regional homepages. The first attack came on November 24, 2012 and resulted in several sites being defaced, including Google's search engine, which was replaced with an image of penguins and a Turkish-language message reading “Pakistan Downed.”[113] The PKNIC failed to adjust its security and was infiltrated again on February 4, 2013, apparently to highlight ongoing vulnerabilities.[114]
Striking Metro Transit workers in Halifax tried a new tactic in their contract dispute, slowing snowplows in the Halifax Regional Municipality on Monday morning.
About a dozen workers blocked city plow trucks in Burnside Business Park, stopping them for about 10 to 15 minutes each before letting them through the main gate at the Transportation and Public Works facility.
Ken Wilson, president of the Amalgamated Transit Union local 608, told CBC News Monday it was made clear to strike captains that if the roads were dangerous, the picketing would cease.
"We're just holding up the snowplows and salt trucks for a minimum of 10 minutes. If it gets bad out then we're just going to shut the line down and let them go," said Adam Francis, the strike captain on the site.
"We don't want to put anybody in danger, public safety is still a concern of ours. But for the time being, until the weather picks up, we're just going to hold up the salt trucks and the contractors for about 10 minutes."
One plow truck driver who spoke to the CBC's Paul Palmeter said he supported the transit union and didn't mind the wait, as long as it wasn't jeopardizing public safety.
At one point about 10 trucks were waiting to leave the Transportation and Public Works lot, Palmeter reported.
Dave Gay, a salt truck driver waiting at the picket line, said there were many roads in the Halifax Regional Municipality that plows had to get to.
"Some of the hills haven't been gotten to yet. There's a small crew already called out because of the snowfall that we got," he told CBC News.
"If somebody falls down a big intersection on one of the main arteries it's not going to go good for anybody."
Adam Francis, a strike captain, said Metro Transit workers were holding up snow and salt trucks for about 10 minutes each. (CBC)
Francis said the striking workers plan to picket at various Public Works facilities within the Halifax Regional Municipality.
"We've been out here for 33 days now and it's time to show HRM that we're serious. We're going to keep doing what we have to do until a contract is agreed upon," Francis said.
"We're not here to upset the public, but we're on strike," Wilson added. "My obligation is to my members first, and the public second."
Wilson said he knows there's been criticism from the public, including comments on social media.
"We went to bat for the public on Feb. 14 and asked for binding arbitration, and council didn't support it. Where was the public at, tweeting about that, why council didn't support that?"
Strike began Feb. 2
As the strike drags on into its second month, downtown Halifax Coun. Dawn Sloane told CBC News it's time the Halifax Regional Municipality considered binding arbitration to end the Metro Transit strike.
The deadline for striking drivers to accept the municipality's last offer passed at midnight on Friday, returning both sides to square one after more than a month of negotiations.
At least one mayoralty candidate told CBC News he would support binding arbitration in the contract dispute if it was warranted.
"I am in favour of arbitration or binding arbitration, but only after all other avenues of solvability have been exhausted," said Tom Martin, a candidate and former police officer.
"We have mediation, we have conciliation, in addition to the negotiation process. My question would be, 'Have we exhausted those avenues?"
Mike Savage, who has also announced his intention to run for the mayor's office, said he wasn't going to wade into the transit debate.
"In my view it would be entirely political to sort of jump into the transit strike as a candidate for mayor," he said.
"I don't know all the details of the negotiations and I think it would be improper to jump in with a position."
CBC News was unable to reach the two other mayoralty candidates, businessman Fred Connors and university student Matt Worona.
More than 700 workers with the Amalgamated Transit Union Local 508, walked off the job Feb. 2, leaving thousands of commuters without bus or ferry service.
As they begin their UK tour, we're looking at Sweden's next hottest export – The Great Discord.
You'll be forgiven for not having heard of The Great Discord as they are still building their following but they are now set for really big things. So who are The Great Discord?
Hailing from Ghost's home town of Linkoping in Sweden, they are a progressive death metal band who immediately bring to mind an odd collection of bands like Mastadon, Evanesence, Meshuggah, Lamb of God and Converge. While their first album, ‘Duende‘, was technically gifted it wasn't an easily accessible piece of work, whereas new album ‘The Rabbit Hole‘ is a lot more straightforward and could be a massive hit if first single ‘The Darkest Day‘ is anything to go by. Darkest Day is easily the release of the year for us here at Gear4Geeks and we're pretty sure this is the beginning of The Great Discord becoming The Next Big Thing.
The Great Discord were formed by frontwoman Fia Kempe and drummer Aksel Holmgren in 2011 when the two friends went out to a cabin in the woods with recording equipment to see what they could put together. The two had been in separate bands but this was their first collaboration and they immediately knew they had something when they wrote what would become the song ‘Deus Ex Homine'. Over the next week three more songs were written, in the following year Duende was slowly put together along with the concept of the band – The Great Discord is more than just music, it is a performance around human emotions and conditions with Kempe dressed entirely in black Lycra and an expressionless white painted face representing the songs via her blank persona that she uses on stage. Kempe is a whirlwind on stage as she is possessed by the theme of the music in contrast to the rest of the band who remain almost distanced from her.
Duende was mixed and mastered in February 2015 then released on May 29th 2015 in Austria, Germany and Switzerland, June 1st 2015 in the rest of Europe and June 2nd 2015 in North America. The album covers the spectrum of human emotions but also behaviour as it explores addiction, sorrow, death and darker subjects. Duende doesn't feature the typical long intros found in most prog music but instead kicks straight in then splits off with schizophrenic tempo changes and style changes. Kempe and Holmgren have varied tastes in music and it shows here as a merge of their influences such as Dillinger Escape Plan, Genesis, King Crimson, Opeth and even Cannibal Corpse. The album is a fantastic merge of styles and you can tell that both Kempe and Holmgren are musical geniuses who's lives are immersed in music; Holmgren discovered Metallica‘s …And Justice for All at the age of 7, while Kempe comes from a musical family where her father, Anders, is a music teacher and talented musician in his own right, which makes Duende a stylish labour of love by two people who are on a different scale to the rest of us.
On the 26th of August 2015 a digital only EP ‘Echoes‘ was released featuring a stripped down acoustic version of The Aging Man, along with covers of The Deftones‘ Cherry Waves and Mars Volta‘s Inertiatic ESP plus radio edits of The Aging Man and Ephemeral. Echoes now gave listeners a much more accessible jumping on point for this eclectic band. The rest of 2015 was spent playing live in Linkoping and a one off date in London while merch was produced in the style of movie posters, a tactic which had worked very well for Ghost. Fia provided backing vocals for Dead Soul‘s second album The Sheltering Sky but the year closed out with The Great Discord clocking up 132,000 listens on Spotify and Duende being staff picks for one of the albums of the year by Metal Hammer magazine and Bloody-Disgusting.
Little did The Great Discord know that 2016 would be even better.
The year started with the band playing a few large gigs in Sweden and Fia providing backing vocals to two songs on Vanhelgd‘s Temple of Phobos album. However, on September 12th Ghost released their EP Popestar which featured Fia on backing vocals for Missionary Man and Bible, bringing The Great Discord to a far wider audience. Kempe went on to provide backing vocals for several songs on TiD‘s Fix Idé EP which was released on October 7th. October saw the band return to the studio to begin work on the follow up to Duende, an album we now know will be called The Rabbit Hole and the band broke 1 million listens on Spotify. In December TGD announced that they would be supporting Ghost on their mainland tour of Europe and Popestar was nominated for a Swedish Grammi award for Hard Rock/Metal Album of the Year.
2017 looks set to top all that.
A UK tour for May in support of Katatonia was announced and Popestar won the Grammi in February. March saw the return of Linkoping band Magna Carta Cartel with a re-recording of fan favourite ‘Sway‘ with Fia Kempe on guest vocals. On the 21st of March The Great Discord released a teaser video for the new album which also revealed a new look for Fia as she was now adorned with a red headpiece and a feathered upper body piece. The bank muse has evolved to her next form. At the end of the month MCC released a second track, The Demon King, again with backing vocals by Kempe. On the 20th of April Darkest Day is released and Fia's new look was revealed in full.
Just over a week later, at the biggest show of the European Ghost tour in Stockholm, Sweden, Fia Kempe would dominate discussion as she joined Ghost on stage for their only live rendition of Bible from the Popestar EP. Tonight the band begin their first UK tour in support of Katatonia in Leeds, one of those tours that will go down for us Brits as a “I saw them before they were huge” bragging rights opportunity.
May 07 Brudenell Social Club Leeds, United Kingdom
May 08 The Marble Factory Bristol, United Kingdom
May 09 Slade Rooms Wolverhampton, United Kingdom
May 10 Engine Rooms Southampton, United Kingdom
May 11 Sound Control Manchester, United Kingdom
May 12 Garage Glasgow, United Kingdom
May 13 Limelight 2 Belfast, United Kingdom
May 14 Academy Dublin, Ireland
Share this: Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
wikicommons Share
Pinterest
Email
(JTA) — Poland's human rights commissioner is being urged to resign after saying the “Polish nation” took part in carrying out the Holocaust — a controversial statement in a country whose government increasingly emphasizes that Poland never collaborated with the Nazis.
Speaking Wednesday on the state-run TVP Info, Adam Bodnar said, “There is no doubt that the Germans were responsible for the Holocaust, but many nations took part in its implementation. Among them — and I say this with regret — the Polish nation.”
Members of Poland's conservative government say he should resign, The Associated Press reported. Deputy Foreign Minister Jan Dziedziczak called Bodnar's comment “scandalous,” untrue and added it “disqualifies him from public life,” according to the AP.
Bodnar, who frequently criticizes the government on human rights issues, quickly apologized for the remarks, saying he meant only to note that some Poles had committed crimes against Jews.
The German occupation of Poland was exceptionally brutal, according to the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum. A Polish government-in-exile was established in London. In addition to at least 3 million Jewish Poles murdered by the Nazis, the Germans killed at least 1.9 million non-Jewish Polish civilians during World War II. Hundreds of thousands more were imprisoned or expelled.
Data Suggest Non-Believers Don't Believe for a Reason
On September 28. 2010, Laurie Goldstein of the New York Times reported on a Pew Forum poll that confirms something I've known for a long time: Atheists are more knowledgeable about religion than believers.
In a phone survey of 3,400 people in the U.S., self-identified atheists and agnostics scored higher than every category of religious believer (though only slightly higher than Jews and Mormons) on knowledge about the world's religions.
I found it especially interesting that the average non-believer scored so much higher than the average Evangelical Protestant in the poll's 32-item quiz. The atheist/agnostic mean was 20.9, almost three and a half points higher than the white Evangelical average.
The data didn't surprise me, and didn't surprise American Atheists president Dave Silverman either. As he told the Times, “I have heard many times that atheists know more about religion than religious people. Atheism is an effect of that knowledge, not a lack of knowledge. I gave a Bible to my daughter. That's how you make atheists.”
Chief Engraver of the United States Mint Frank Gasparro works on his 1977 Flowing Hair Liberty dollar designs in this contemporaneous scene. Coin World file photo.
Gasparro's Flowing Hair Liberty dollar design of 1977 inspired Grove Minting Co. to issue commemorative medals marking the 40th anniversary of Gasparro's designs. Images courtesy of Grove Minting Company.
United States Mint Chief Engraver Frank Gasparro created a Flowing Hair Liberty dollar design in 1977, but it lost out to the Anthony dollar. Grove Minting Co. has issued commemorative medals marking the design's 40th anniversary. Images courtesy of Grove Minting Company and Coin World file photo.
When United States Mint Chief Engraver Frank Gasparro created a design for a dollar coin in the late 1970s, his sculpture eventually lost out to the underwhelming, critically assailed image of Susan B. Anthony.
But a modern minter is breathing new life into the classic pattern, offering a limited number of commemoratives marking the 40th anniversary of the 1977 Flowing Hair Liberty dollar trial strikes.
Jared Grove, of Grove Minting Company, announced the piece in mid-February. The Grove commemorative piece is based upon Gasparro's original 1977 Liberty Dollar design, sticking closely in detail to the proposed obverse, including its 11-sided rim perimeter.
Connect with Coin World:
Sign up for our free eNewsletter
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
The reverse of the Grove piece features the Eagle in Flight reverse by Gasparro, a flying eagle with outstretched wings, looking skyward, with 13 stars and 10 rays, with the addition of the Grove Minting coat of arms.
The 2017 medal was conceptualized from imagery now held at the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History, donated by Gasparro's daughter in 2009, according to Grove.
Within that collection appears a newspaper clipping of a fashion model wearing an Albert Nipon designer suit. With the quick stroke of a pen, Gasparro turned the model's profile into the portrait of a Flowing Hair Liberty, which progressed into a final sketch for the coin's obverse.
His reverse design sketches iterate several variations of an eagle in flight, bursting through the rays of the sun in the background, complete with 13 stars symbolizing the original colonies. The design is titled “The Coming of a New Dawn,” according to Coin World's Comprehensive Catalog & Encyclopedia of United States Coins.
The soaring eagle is “vaguely remniscent of the one on the Saint-Gaudens double eagle type, although flying over a mountain sunrise,” according to the Catalog.
The Nipon brand was launched in 1972, but Gasparro had the idea for a modern Flowing Hair dollar at least a few years earlier — he designed the medal for the American Numismatic Association's 1969 convention, which utilizes a Flowing Hair design. According to Jared Grove, “The newspaper sketch could have rekindled thoughts in persisting his envisioned design forward to 1977.”
Galvanos were prepared for an 11-sided, 26.5 millimeter diameter Flowing Hair dollar. Gasparro told Coin World's Paul Gilkes that trial strikings of his design were made at the Philadelphia Mint, but all were destroyed soon after.
“A photograph of a presumed trial strike indicates a round planchet with plain edge, although at the time Mint officials were still seriously considering the 11-sided planchet,” according to the Coin World book.
Gasaparro's “superior design” was no match for suffragist Anthony, whose taciturn visage would enter circulation in 1979, to much ballyhoo.
The Grove firm's Proof 2017 medal is struck in nickel, measures 25 millimeters in diameter and weighs 8.6 grams with a plain edge.
The medal has a mintage limit of 750 pieces that retail for $15 each, plus shipping.
This is the seventh exclusive commemorative design issued by the Grove Minting Co.
For more details or to order the medal, visit the firm's website.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EVANS, Colo. -- Two well-placed law enforcement sources confirm to FOX31 Denver that a Weld County Sheriff's deputy has come forward and provided a statement to police in the murder case against Tom Fallis, who is accused of murdering his wife, Ashley, in 2012.
The sources say the deputy has corroborated a neighbor's statement that he overheard Fallis confess to the murder outside his window. Sources say the deputy has told police he heard the same confession, though it was not necessarily at the same time.
RELATED: Complete coverage of Ashley Fallis case
As part of the ongoing investigation, on March 19, 2015, Fort Collins police, which took over the investigation from the Evans Police Department, reviewed reports from the night of the shooting and realized none of the Weld County deputies who responded to the shooting filed reports.
Fallis was a corrections officer in Weld County at the time. When Fort Collins police interviewed the deputies, sources say one of them said he heard Fallis make the incriminating statements outside his home that night.
The deputy did not provide police with a reason why he did not file the report and police did not pursue it because, sources say, the deputies' alleged misconduct was not central to the question of Fallis' guilt.
The deputy has been suspended by Weld County Sheriff Steven Reams.
In an interview with FOX31 Denver, Reams confirms he was made aware of the New Year's Day 2012 shooting that night but says he never ordered anyone to not file reports. And he said he was not aware of anyone on his staff who made such orders.
“Don't underestimate the power of laziness,” Reams said as a possible reason why the deputy didn't file the report.
Sources say the night of the shooting, Tom Fallis sent a text to a jail colleague: “(Police are) trying to say I killed my wife.”
That colleague then texted then-Bureau Chief Reams, who ordered and monitored deputies' involvement. Four Weld County deputies and a commander were dispatched to the crime scene to assist Evans police.
Sources say that in a highly unusual move, none of those deputies filed reports detailing their involvement.
When reached at his home, one deputy told FOX31 Denver he believed he had filed a report but that report never made it into evidence.
The deputy who has come forward has retained an attorney and when reached at his home, he declined to comment.
After FOX31 Denver reported on the developments Wednesday, Evans Police Chief Rick Brandt issued a statement.
"In the course of the Evans Police Department's internal investigation into allegations of misconduct against Officer Michael Yates in reference to the death of Ashley Fallis, we learned on March 19th, 2015 that a Weld County Deputy claims to have heard Tom Fallis confess on January 1st, 2012 to shooting his wife. We immediately halted our internal investigation and contacted the Weld County District Attorney about this new information. I am aware that the Weld County Sheriff's Office is conducting an internal investigation in to this new information.
"Our internal affairs investigation has since resumed and we anticipate completion in about two weeks. In light of the findings of the Loveland Police Department in late July 2014 that there was no evidence found supporting the allegation that Officer Yates omitted critical witness statements, and there is no new information further implicating the officer in the recent incident, Officer Yates' duty status remains active."
Following a formal unveiling in January, members of a consortium focused on the intersection of blockchain and the Internet of Things (IoT) are revealing new details about their work.
Announced today, the unnamed group, which includes Bosch, BNY Mellon, Chronicled, Filament and other startup and enterprise firms, has created an API that supports technologies offered by ethereum, JP Morgan's Quorum and the Linux-led Hyperledger project.
“The protocol allows users to register multiple kinds of weaker identities, including serial numbers, QR codes, and UPC code identities and bind them to stronger cryptographic identities, which are immutably linked across both physical and digital worlds using blockchain technology,” the release reads.
The software development kits (SDKs) are currently in beta, and are available via the Chronicled and Hyperledger libraries on GitHub.
As explained by Skuchain founder Zaki Manian, the tools now enable the same key pair to represent a cryptographic identity compatible with both blockchains.
Further, Cisco and Bosch offered new information about how they are using blockchain technologies in proof-of-concept projects.
Cisco, a release from the group said, is exploring how it could register device identities using the API, while Bosch is said to have completed a trial centered on linking odometer readings to a blockchain system.
Consortium members are currently working to develop a formal non-profit to support the work, with updates expected later this year.
Car odometer image via Shutterstock
Most independents said the comments would have no impact on their vote. Poll: Mitt remarks hurt indie support
Almost three in 10 independent voters said Mitt Romney's comments on the “47 percent” would make them less likely to vote for him in November, nearly twice the number who said the remarks make them more likely to support the GOP presidential nominee.
While a majority of independents — 53 percent — said the comments would have no impact on their vote, 29 percent said it would make them less likely to back Romney, according to a Gallup poll. Fifteen percent said it would make a Romney vote more likely.
Story Continued Below
Overall, 43 percent of registered voters were unswayed by the leaked video, which shows Romney disparaging “47 percent” of the country as dependent on government and destined to support President Barack Obama. A fifth of registered voters said the former Massachusetts governor's comments made them more likely to support him, compared to 36 percent who said it makes them less likely to support him.
But even those numbers may overstate the impact of the clips. Sixty-eight percent of Democrats said the video makes them less likely to vote for Romney — but only 5 percent of Democrats in Gallup's daily tracking poll said they planned to vote for him before the comments were reported. Similarly, 92 percent of Republicans said they planned to vote for Romney, and 44 percent of them said the video makes them more likely to back the challenger.
The poll of 885 registered voters was conducted Tuesday as part of Gallup's daily tracking poll. It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percent.
Jobs were added in most sectors of the economy in June.
June was a good month for the Spanish job market. There were 124,349 fewer jobless claims, the biggest drop for a month of June in a decade, bringing the total of people registered as unemployed to 3,767,054, according to Labor Ministry figures.
Meanwhile, Social Security affiliations, considered a measure of job creation, rose by 98,432 for a total of 17,760,271 in employment.
Sign up for our newsletter EL PAÍS English Edition has launched a weekly newsletter. Sign up today to receive a selection of our best stories in your inbox every Saturday morning. For full details about how to subscribe, click here.
The high season for tourism has been driving most of the job market growth, but all sectors of the economy have been posting improved figures. Only education has sustained a drop in Social Security contributors, due to the end of the school year, followed by leisure and entertainment.
The hospitality industry added the highest number of new workers (38,337), followed by retail trade (27,936), administrative activities (18,587), manufacturing (14,031) and construction (11,468).
English version by Susana Urra.
Area code 867 , the area code for the three Territories of Canada in the Arctic far north, was created on October 21, 1997, from portions of area codes 403 and 819 . It is the least populated mainland North American area code, serving only about 100,000 people, but is the geographically largest (with Alaska's area code 907 a distant second). It is adjacent to Greenland , Russia (across the North Pole ) and eight provinces or states (Alaska, Alberta, British Columbia, Manitoba, Newfoundland, Ontario, Saskatchewan and Quebec), more jurisdictions than any other area code in North America. It is also one of four Canadian area codes yet to be overlaid, the others being 506 , 709 (both of which are currently slated for overlays), and 807 for which 7-digit dialling is still used.
The digits were chosen to promote the theme "TOP of the world", as 867 spells TOP on a standard North American keypad. 1867 is also the year of Canadian confederation .
The +1-867 area code is the most expensive geographic calling area in Canada. [1] Iristel (the one major CLEC in the region) bills its subscribers in other area codes a 15¢/minute premium to call 1-867 numbers and charges a $ 20/year premium to issue a 1-867 number in-region instead of assigning the same subscriber any other Canadian area code. [2]
Originally, the Yukon Territory and the western portion of the Northwest Territories were covered by Alberta's area code 403, and served by a number of local companies that were eventually merged into Canadian National Telecommunications, a subsidiary of the Canadian National Railway. CNT's operations in the territories became Northwestel in 1979.
The eastern Northwest Territories were among the last areas of North America without telephone service. When area codes were instituted in 1947, this region was nominally part of western Quebec's area code 514. In 1957, these non-diallable areas were nominally shifted to eastern Quebec's area code 418. Bell Canada introduced telephone service in the eastern NWT in 1958. As direct distance dialing was rolled out in this area in the 1970s, the eastern NWT, along with a large swath of northwestern Quebec, was shifted to western Quebec's 819. Bell Canada sold its northern service territory to Northwestel in 1992.
Prior to the creation of 867, 403 and 819 were geographically the largest area codes in the North American Numbering Plan. 403 spanned more than one-ninth of the planet's circumference, while 819 spanned one-eighth.
Since the creation of 867, all of the former 819 portion of the Northwest Territories, plus that portion of the former 403 portion covering five exchanges, has become part of Nunavut. Area code 403 (Alberta) has since been further split to create 780 for the northern two-thirds of Alberta, including Edmonton.
All existing prefixes stayed the same with the change to 867, with one exception: the conflict between 403-979 at Inuvik and 819-979 at Iqaluit was resolved by changing Inuvik from 403-979 to 867-777. A minor programming glitch temporarily (for a few weeks late in 1997) allowed callers in the Inuvik area to dial 403-777 and reach Inuvik when it actually should have routed to Calgary, which is what appeared on customer's bills along with the higher rate.
Northwestel's proposal for a new regulatory regime was approved for 2007, allowing resale of local telephone service, but no competitors entered the market to avail themselves of the resale option. In 2011, facilities-based local service competition was approved by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC), so additional central office codes are now required for competitive carriers wishing to offer local service. The expense of deployment is limiting deployment so far to Whitehorse, Yellowknife, Inuvik, Behchoko, Aklavik and Hay River, four of which already have multiple prefixes. Communities that now have only one prefix are not likely to need a second prefix other than for local growth or the entry of a competitor (as in Aklavik and the twin Behchoko communities*).
* Behchoko has two separate exchange areas each with its own prefix, but Iristel's 292 prefix is overlaid on both using independent facilities.
there's not a mote of dirt in that woman's house
Recent Examples on the Web: Noun
Plus Facebook has a strong interest in gaming and the reputation for going out and spending big on companies that can help expand its social networking mote. Theodore Schleifer, Recode, "Who could buy Discord? Acquirers have been giving the gaming startup a long look.," 21 Nov. 2018
Vanquished enemies drop motes of light, which players race to collect and bank at a central console. Aaron Zimmerman, Ars Technica, "Destiny 2: Forsaken review: Hallelujah, Destiny's back," 19 Sep. 2018
The main worry is with the tiniest motes — known as PM 2.5, particulate matter smaller than 2.5 microns across. Sara Morrison, USA TODAY, "In developing world, an expensive push to reduce cooking fire deaths falls short," 13 July 2018
Read more: Some highlights from the study results: Automotive globalization: Vehicles are now made in 25 countries for the U.S. market, which is 11 motes than five years ago. Eric D. Lawrence, Detroit Free Press, "Korean brands top J.D. Power quality; Ford, GM and FCA make strides," 20 June 2018
These celestial lighthouses can basically backlight the material that crosses the beam's path, just as a flashlight beam illuminates unseen motes of dust in the air. Amina Khan, latimes.com, "After years of searching, scientists can finally account for all the normal matter in the universe," 20 June 2018
Worse yet, the first two-thirds of the picture look dim and murky, as if it had been shot through a scrim of dust motes. Stephanie Zacharek, Time, "Review: Solo Is an Uneven Star Wars Film. But It's Filled With Terrific Performances," 16 May 2018
But there is a mote of solace that bears repeating: Hair is just a piece of our identity. Sarah Maslin Nir, Town & Country, "Strands of Truth: Hair, Self-Expression, and Identity," 23 Apr. 2018
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'mote.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.
Unfortunately Faux News' Hannity didn't let the on-the-street videos speak for themselves and followed it up with apologists for Islam.
There will be no reformation of Islam. The only valid option is banning Muslims because as the video demonstrates clearly, many Muslims have no intention of fulfilling their Naturalization Oath of Allegiance to the United States of America and likely lied when taking it:
INA: ACT 337 – OATH OF RENUNCIATION AND ALLEGIANCE Sec. 337. [8 U.S.C. 1448] (a) A person who has applied for naturalization shall, in order to be and before being admitted to citizenship, take in a public ceremony before the Attorney General or a court with jurisdiction under section 310(b) an oath (1) to support the Constitution of the United States ; (2) to renounce and abjure absolutely and entirely all allegiance and fidelity to any foreign prince, potentate, state, or sovereignty of whom or which the applicant was before a subject or citizen; (3) to support and defend the Constitution and the laws of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic; (4) to bear true faith and allegiance to the same;
Hussein Obama Altered (5) in the U.S. Oath of Allegiance in Compliance with Islamic Law so Muslims would not have:
(5) (A) to bear arms on behalf of the United States when required by the law
Video from the streets of Minnesota also show clearly that Muslims in America want sharia law.
Related: Time to replace Communism with political Islam on immigration application? Swearing In the Enemy – Why the U.S. Needs a New Loyalty Oath
Part 1 of this article discussed Daryl Bem's studies on precognition and the failure of subsequent studies to replicate his results. This second part discusses reasons for the incompatibility of with modern science and possible reasons why interest in this field persists in spite of its continued failure to establish its validity. Belief in the paranormal is commonly associated with and mystical belief. Many parapsychologists seem to be motivated by a desire to establish the reality of a nonmaterial dimension of existence, and in particular that of the human soul.
Alcock (1987) has argued that there are two main views on what psychic phenomena (psi) might represent if real. One view is that psi will ultimately turn out to be something physical that will eventually be incorporated into an expanded version of the worldview of normal science. Other phenomena that were once regarded as inexplicable, such as the ability of bats to navigate in the dark, or of birds to navigate over thousands of miles, have eventually been explained in physical terms acceptable to modern science. In this view, psi will eventually be shown not to be ‘paranormal' at all.
The other view is that psi is a manifestation of a nonphysical dimension of existence. In this view, psi represents a “radically different relationship between consciousness and the physical world” than is accepted as possible by modern science (Alcock, 1987). Therefore, disputes about psi represent a clash between two conflicting views about reality. The monistic materialistic view currently accepted in regards mind as an emergent manifestation of brain processes. The view of many parapsychologists is the dualistic one that regards mind as at least partially independent of the brain. Parapsychology originally developed in the nineteenth century out of attempts to scientifically validate the concept of survival of consciousness/ after bodily death, and this subject is still researched by parapsychologists today.
According to a survey 56% of parapsychologists believed that the results of parapsychological research indicate a non-material basis of life or thought, whilst 43% disagreed, and 1% had no opinion (Akers, 1987). This finding indicates that although there is diversity in what parapsychologists believe, the majority of parapsychologists do believe in a non-material dimension of reality, and hence believe in mind-body dualism. Many people feel that the existence of psi has important spiritual implications. According to Kennedy (2005), paranormal experiences are similar to mystical ones in that they result in an increased sense of meaning in life, interconnectedness, and . A survey of people who believe they have had paranormal or transcendent experiences found that 72% agreed that as a result of these experiences they believed that a higher power was watching over them.
Research has found that paranormal belief and experience, as well as mystical experience, are positively correlated with a number of psychological characteristics including absorption, magical ideation, fantasy proneness, creative personality, and manic experience (Thalbourne & Storm, 2012). The researchers argue that underlying all these tendencies is a psychological trait known as transliminality, “the tendency for psychological material (imagery, ideation, affect, and perception) to cross thresholds into or out of consciousness.” In other words, both paranormal and mystical beliefs are related to a propensity for imagination and fantasy.
As noted in a previous article, transliminality has also been used to explain why a substantial minority of scientists hold beliefs in spite of their commitment to empiricism (MacPherson & Kelly, 2011). MacPherson and Kelly found that religious scientists were higher than non-religious scientists in both self-rated and in magical thinking, indicating greater acceptance of unconventional views of reality. Transliminality might be a factor in why parapsychologists persist in investigating paranormal phenomena in spite of the weight of evidence against psi. Alcock (1987) has criticised parapsychology as being incompatible with modern science because of its “anything goes, anything is possible” attitude. No speculation seems too wild for psi researchers. There seems to be no constraints on how psi is supposed to operate – it can work forwards or backwards in time, across thousands of miles of distance, or even between animals and objects. Psi operates like wishful thinking and no skill or knowledge is needed to make it work. Therefore, parapsychology might be attractive to people who are naturally prone to transliminality themselves. As noted in part 1, at least some parapsychologists believe that an experimenter's attitudes to psi have can have a paranormal effect on their participants' results (the “experimenter effect”). This is an outright appeal to magical thinking to explain inconsistencies in research findings. Kennedy (2005) has argued that psi is difficult to replicate because of its ‘capricious' and uncontrollable nature. This hardly seems indistinguishable from saying that psi only occurs when God or some higher power decides so. From an empirical perspective, a phenomenon that cannot be predicted or replicated lies beyond the realms of science.
Some people have argued that although science has been successful in giving us greater control over our , it cannot provide a sense of meaning and purpose in life that has been traditionally provided through religion and spirituality (Kennedy, 2005). Although not all parapsychologists see psi as an indicator of a nonmaterial dimension of reality, spiritual motives do seem to be important for many of these investigators. This would seem to present a problem. A person seeking purpose, meaning in life and self-transcendence is hardly likely to find much help from parapsychology. Recent failed attempts to replicate Bem's findings on precognition reflect a broader and repeated failure of the field to demonstrate the existence of psi, let alone that mind exists independently of the brain. Over a hundred years ago Frederic Myers argued that the duty of psychical researchers was “the expansion of science herself.” However, parapsychology seems to be incompatible with what is generally considered science and seems more akin to a fruitless form of mysticism. Former parapsychologist turned skeptic Susan Blackmore has described how she came to realize the futility of trying to prove that psi exists and her decision to move on to more productive research efforts. Sam Harris has argued that people can experience self-transcendence without necessarily believing in a non-material dimension of reality. This is an area that could be investigated empirically. Scientific research grounded in evidence is far more likely to produce insights into the nature of the relationship between consciousness and reality than the magical “anything goes” approach of parapsychology.
Please consider following me on Facebook, Google Plus, or Twitter.
© Scott McGreal. Please do not reproduce without permission. Brief excerpts may be quoted as long as a link to the original article is provided.
Related reading
Is there a scientific "taboo" against parapsychology
Parapsychology and Science by James E. Alcock - succinct explanation of major problems that have prevented parapsychology being accepted as a science.
Other posts about the psychology of religion and/or spirituality
Troubled Souls: Spirituality as a Mental Health Hazard
The Spirituality of Psychedelic Drug Users
Reason Versus Faith? The Interplay of Intuition and Rationality In Supernatural Belief
Opening the Mind: Where Skepticism and Superstition Meet
References
Akers, C. (1987). Parapsychology is science, but its findings are inconclusive. Behavioral and Brain Sciences, 10(4), 566-568.
Alcock, J. E. (1987). Parapsychology: Science of the anomalous or search for the soul? Behavioral and Brain Sciences, 10(4), 553-643.
Kennedy, J. E. (2005). Personality and to believe, misbelieve, and disbelieve in paranormal phenomena. Journal of Parapsychology, 69(2), 263-291.
MacPherson, J. S., & Kelly, S. W. (2011). Creativity and positive schizotypy influence the conflict between science and religion. Personality and Individual Differences, 50(4), 446-450. doi: 10.1016/j.paid.2010.11.002
Thalbourne, M. A., & Storm, L. (2012). Has the Sheep-Goat Variable Had Its Day? Testing Transliminality as a Psi Predictor. Australian Journal of Parapsychology, 12(1), 69-80.
In a statement on its official blog, British retailer Handtec has put a hold on further Galaxy Nexus shipments pending investigation of the volume rocker issue that seems to be plaguing some customers. Handtec appears to confirm that it has to do with 2G reception specifically, saying that "the tests are showing when in 2G mode the volume is acting erratically" — so if you've already got a unit and you spend all your time in 3G coverage, you might be able to skate by this issue altogether.
To be clear, this isn't an official action on the part of either Samsung or Google — it's strictly Handtec's call to stop shipments at this point. Whether other retailers follow suit in the coming days remains to be seen.
Thanks, @ielisdave!
NEW YORK — Despite disappointing sales of hard-core Wii titles like MadWorld and The Conduit, Sega remains committed to creating mature videogames for the casual console.
"You'll see more games in that genre coming from us," said Sega President and COO Mike Hayes (pictured) at a Tuesday press event here.
Aside from reaffirming the company's plan to crank out bloody Wii games, Sega demonstrated its lineup of upcoming titles and showed that it was aiming for both hard-core and casual gamers. Sega showed spy-themed RPG Alpha Protocol, sci-fi shooter Alien vs. Predator and recently delayed actioner Bayonetta, which will let gamers play a shape-shifting witch.
On the casual side, there was the sequel to best-selling Mario & Sonic at the Olympic Games; Step & Roll, a new Balance Board-focused Super Monkey Ball title; and exercise game Daisy Fuentes Pilates.
Wired.com spoke with Hayes and Sega Vice President of Marketing Sean Ratcliffe about Bayonetta's delay, the importance of "mommy bloggers," surviving the economic downturn and creating titles that will appeal to Western gamers.
The full Q&A is below.
Wired.com: MadWorld was a widely praised title, but sales were disappointing. Why do you think that is? Do you think that "core" games just don't sell on the Wii?
Mike Hayes: It's difficult because it was a critically acclaimed title; it was extreme but good. The thing that we're saying is, Sega would be extremely arrogant to have a title that didn't do as well as we thought on a platform and then say, "This kind of games don't sell on that platform." I think if you take our slew of more mature games — House of the Dead Overkill did really well in Europe, and for some reason even though it's a big (intellectual property) it did less well in North America. So that's kind of like a win and a miss that's kind of come out neutral.
*MadWorld *sales were very disappointing, but was that to do with the platform? Was it that people didn't like the art style? Or that people didn't like the way the game played through? It could be many things, which we're obviously researching.
__Wired.com: __What about The Conduit?
__Hayes: __We actually regard *The Conduit *as a success. We shipped 300,000 units, sold through half of those and now it's at the point where it's selling consistently at a time when Wii sales are generally depressed in the marketplace. So what does that tell you? We still kind of don't know.
What we can say is that we'll still do mature games for the Wii market because with an installation base of some 34 million in Europe and America (maybe half of whom don't own Xbox 360s and PS3s).... So even if you took half of those where they're not into those (core) games, you've still got 8 million consumers to go for. So I think the sheer scale of the Wii allows a shooter, or a mature game, to be a niche but a successful niche. And because the development costs can be less on Wii, that means you can sell less to be successful.... We can take more risks on the Wii.
__Wired.com: __So Sega will continue to have a commitment to making hard-core games on the Wii, despite the sales of MadWorld.
__Hayes: __Absolutely. You'll see more games in that genre coming from us.
Wired.com: Bayonetta has been moved to early 2010. There seems to be more and more games delayed to that time period. How do you feel about that for Bayonetta?
__Sean Ratcliffe: __ I think there's quality titles coming down the pipeline anywhere.... There's always going to be good products around you. It's just a matter of setting your release date, working with your customers, the retailers and making sure you've got everything in place. And we feel confident that Bayonetta's set in the right point in time. We know it's a great quality title, no doubt about that, so now we just have to communicate to the consumers about when it's going to be available on the shelf, and we'll work with our retail partners to do that. We're confident we'll do a good job there.
__Hayes: __What we don't want to do is move, then say we're launching on Jan. 29th — that would be crazy. We want to make sure that we stagger that period after Christmas. Hopefully, as publishers, we'll be smart in the points that we release and don't create another November in February. But I acknowledge your point's a very good one.
Ratcliffe: We have to take a leap out of the movie industry. They manage their portfolio quite well. The movie companies sort of get together — I don't know how they do it, I don't know if they physically sit around the table and divide it up — but somehow they sort of know and communicate with each other when the big titles are coming out. I think they have a feeling. What's happening in the games industry — right as soon as someone names a date, then people go, "Then we're going to move around it."
Action game
Wired.com: Is there anything you've learned as the former head of Sega Europe that you're taking with you over to North America? Are there any strategies that worked over there that you'll try to apply over here?
__Hayes: __There are detailed process points, but that's very operational. The road map was always being driven by a collaboration between North America and Europe in so far as, unless it's a very specific product, like Football Manager Live in Europe, which sells a million units on PC every year, most titles have to be successful in both. So there's been a consensus approach in any case. I don't think there's much done in Europe that we would want to do in North America. In fact, interestingly, now being here, I'm finding things that we do in North America are cool that we should be doing in Europe. How odd is that? I think that's the whole point: It's about how as an operation can we be as efficient and collaborative as possible.
__Wired.com: __Can you give an example of one thing you'd like to try in Europe that you've liked over here?
__Hayes: __Well, it's what's going on here at the moment, the mommy bloggers. What a brilliant idea. I'm sure there are mommy bloggers in Europe. But I'm not aware that we've done a press event specifically for them. And with the mass-market nature of videogaming now, and how important moms are — not just in the purchase, but as consumers themselves — what a great idea. So I think that's something I'd love to see more of in European territories. Just as one example. I think it's having that view of both that we can share the benefits.
__Wired.com: __Especially since you've said a lot of territories in Europe are more family-oriented.
Hayes: Yes, I think that's a great point. In fact, it's probably more relevant in countries like Spain and actually in Germany. Germany's probably a territory where this whole mass-market acceptance of videogames has yet to happen because parents are still very concerned about what their children are playing so that would be very good case in point where that would work. See, there's another idea that came just from thinking out loud. (laughs) Because I was just thinking in the U.K. but actually it's probably more appropriate for Germany.
I think one of the things pertaining to that though, in the reorganization — we have excellent studios in Japan, and it's very important that they're making titles that are very relevant for Western territories. There's Sonic, there's (Mario and Sonic at The Olympic Games) — that's done extremely well — and Super Monkey Ball. I think the plan for us to get more of that extremely successful, Western-relevant content from our Japanese studios as well. And that's something that this reorganization will allow us to do quite successfully.
The upcoming Mario & Sonic at the Winter Olympic Games
Wired.com: How do you think Sega can do that though, specifically?
Hayes: On the one hand, you've got brilliant Japanese development studios, like our partnership with Platinum Games. *Bayonetta *is just a very Western-relevant but very Japanese-inspired title, and we're quite excited about that doing very well. That's a good case where Japanese excellence is in place.
And that will actually do well in Japan as well. And then you look at Sonic and the Sonic teams, and how they created titles which fundamentally only sold in the West and how can we look at what's been doing well in that genre and try and add to the success that Sonic's already had. So I guess it's the teams probably taking more of a detailed look at what works in the West — what makes a good shooter, what makes a good Western RPG, what makes a great children's platform action-adventure game. And I think it's by having that focus more on the big market of Europe plus America where I think there will be some more development focus on providing appropriate titles for the market, if that makes sense.
__Wired.com: __How is Sega is dealing with the economic downturn and what's your strategy moving forward?
Hayes: Our general view is that we acknowledge the recession, particularly in its wider field. I don't think we're as convinced that the recession is affecting the videogames market as perhaps some of our competitors are stating. I think we're in a period of videogame life cycles where things are expected, whether they're price drops, whether we're waiting for triple-A titles to come out. So to answer your question, we're only adapting to what the platforms are doing rather than what the economy is doing.
We think that by the end of this year, the market will be at least as big as it was last year, so $22 billion marketplace in America, a $22 billion marketplace and change in Europe. It's interesting — the PlayStation 3 is rumored to be having a price drop. Well, the consumers are so smart, they kind of know that one's going to be coming so they're not going to rush out and buy a PlayStation 3 until they know. So that's going to depress the market slightly. The Wii last year had Wii Fit, Super Smash Bros. Brawl and* Mario Kart*, and they were just exceptional titles. And then of course, there was Grand Theft Auto. So we're not comparing apples with apples.
We're acknowledging that the packages market is down. And then you layer on top of that all the digital business that's going on that's not being measured in our whole environment, I just don't see how we can be too down about the market. I think the economic part of that is only altering the shape, not the actual size. I think with holiday sales, (the industry) will bounce back and get us to that point where we'll see the market was as big as it was last year.
No one has a crystal ball, but to answer your question, we're not taking any actions specifically based on the general state of the economy because we think the issues in videogaming are specific and relevant to videogaming.
For example, when we moved Bayonetta, that wasn't due to the economic situation. It was because it looked like we'd launch in November and in the West, you don't launch new IP at that busy time of year. So we moved it to what we think will be a quieter period in the new year. And I think that other companies are saying they're moving titles just because of the economy, and I think their development directors are quite delighted that's being used as a reason. (laughs)
Photo of Mike Hayes: JesseAngelo.com
See Also:
BISSAU (Reuters) - At least 22 people were killed in Guinea-Bissau when a vehicle taking them to a funeral struck a landmine, a police source said on Saturday.
The incident happened on Friday afternoon near Mansoa, about 60 km (37 miles) northeast of the capital, Bissau.
The police source, who asked not to be named, said 19 people were killed on the spot when the blast tore the vehicle in two and a further three people died of their injuries overnight.
There was no immediate statement from the government.
Hundreds of people have been killed by landmines laid during Guinea-Bissau's independence war with Portugal in the 1970s and the nation's internal conflicts in the 1990s.
Guinea-Bissau held elections earlier this year meant to draw a line under the country's last coup in 2012.
The new government is trying to push through a raft of reforms, including breathing life into a moribund economy and asserting civilian authority over the military, which has a history of meddling in politics and cocaine trafficking.
(This story corrects to say Mansoa is northeast of Bissau, not northwest)
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
On Friday evening, when news of the Paris attacks spread, and reports that ISIS had taken responsibility for them emerged, Muslim, Arab, and South Asian activists in the United States began a process that has become all too familiar in the 14 years after 9/11. In the midst of expressing their grief and horror at these acts of terrorism, Muslim, Arab, and South Asian advocates are also placed in the position of having to condemn attacks that occur in the West, and to monitor for a backlash against their own communities. Ad Policy
Since 9/11, activists in the United States have come to expect this backlash in multiple ways. It includes anti-Muslim rhetoric in news coverage by mainstream media, calls for profiling by political leaders and policymakers, acts of discrimination and violence targeting Muslim, Arab, and South Asian communities, and government actions and policies that single them out in the name of national security. “As we join the rest of the world in mourning the innocent victims, we also cautiously prepare for potential backlash,” said Linda Sarsour, executive director of the Arab American Association of New York. “Mosques are on high alert, and conversations are happening within organizations and families.”
This time around, the signs already point to an uptick in anti-Muslim sentiment in the United States, given the immediate responses in conservative media outlets and remarks of some elected officials, including South Carolina's representative, Jeff Duncan, who tweeted in the hours after the Paris attacks: “How's that Syrian refugee resettlement look now? How about that mass migration into Europe? Terrorism is alive & well in the world.”
Xenophobic and divisive rhetoric only reinforces a climate of fear and suspicion of Muslim, Arab, and South Asian communities that often results in racist attitudes and actions. Over the weekend, a mosque in St. Petersburg, Florida, received a threatening voicemail that said, “I personally have a militia that's going to come down to your Islamic Society of Pinellas County and firebomb you, shoot whoever's there on sight in the head. I don't care if they're [expletive] 2 years old or 100.” In Orlando, a Muslim family apparently found a bullet hole in their garage door. A Sikh man in Canada, Veerender Jubbal, found that his picture was being PhotoShopped and circulated over social media, characterizing him as a terrorist.
In addition to ensuring that communities are safe and aware of their rights in light of situations such as these, Muslim, Arab, and South Asian advocates are also preparing for the loud drumbeat of national security and immigration policies that target their communities. “Only three days have passed since the tragic attacks in Paris, and already our elected officials are already looking to reintroduce some of the most repressive policies and practices in the United States that unfairly target and demonize Muslims,” said Kalia Abiade, advocacy director at the Center for New Community, which monitors far-right movements in the country.
For example, Representative Peter King of New York, responsible for the infamous King hearings in 2011, which fueled the climate of anti-Muslim hate in the country, said on a New York talk radio show: “We have to have more surveillance in the Muslim community…. the reality is that's where the terrorism is coming from. Doesn't mean that all Muslims are evil, doesn't mean all Muslims support terrorism, the overwhelming majority do not. But the reality is that's where the threat is coming from.” In response, Muslim Advocates, a national civil-rights organization, and the Interfaith Alliance have released a statement expressing their concerns that remarks from some political leaders “send a dangerous signal that our American Muslim neighbors are a threat, worsening the environment of anti-Muslim bigotry and hate crimes.”
In addition, governors of 14 states have announced that they will not accept displaced Syrian refugees in their states, claiming that closing the nation's doors is a way of guaranteeing the safety of Americans. In response to Governor Rick Snyder's announcement of a suspension of refugee resettlement efforts in Michigan, Rashida Tlaib, manager of the Campaign to Take on Hate, noted: “This decision creates division and indirectly places blame on innocent victims of the same type of violence in Paris, Beirut, Baghdad and Syria.” More anti-refugee rhetoric is likely to emerge at a House Judiciary Committee hearing on the Obama administration's program to accept Syrian refugees, occurring later this week.
The calls for profiling, surveillance, and xenophobia in the wake of the Paris attacks do not occur in a vacuum or without precedent. Over the past 14 years, there have been reports of surveillance of mosques, restaurants, sports games, and even Muslim Students Associations by law enforcement. In addition, the Obama administration's programs to counter violent extremism domestically—which focus almost exclusively on American Muslims—stigmatize targeted communities even further. More recently, anti-immigrant and anti-Muslim forces have been linking forces to fuel a climate of xenophobia. Abiade from the Center for New Community says, “Anti-refugee sentiment was a motivating factor for several of the armed rallies planned in October at mosques around the country.” In short, since 9/11, the scene has already been set for a backlash in coming weeks and months, in large part due to federal infrastructure and resources allocated towards the targeting of Muslim, South Asian, and Arab communities, and to the rise in anti-Muslim and anti-immigrant groups in the nation.
As a result, advocates are concerned that they will be able to make minimal progress on changes to draconian post-9/11 policies. Darakshan Raja, co-founder of the Muslim American Women's Policy Forum, notes that the current environment likely limits the ability to combat a range of policies, including profiling, the administration's stigmatizing program for countering violent extremism, and the militarization of law enforcement agencies. In addition, Raja observes that the allocation of greater resources to the “war on terror” may mean that there will be less focus on “key services such as education, employment, healthcare, and crime victimization services for all communities.”
In this bleak landscape, there are some bright spots that indicate potential for progress, especially in the context of narrative shifts. According to Rebecca Lenn at Media Matters, which monitors conservative misinformation in the media, in the wake of the Paris attacks anti-Muslim sentiment has not been universal and “the most outlandish and explicit anti-Muslim rhetoric has largely been contained to the usual suspects.” This success comes as the result of sustained efforts by Muslim, Arab, and South Asian advocates to hold both media and politicians accountable for their rhetoric over the past 14 years. GET THE LATEST NEWS AND ANALYSIS DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX EACH MORNING SIGN UP!
We have also heard since the Paris attacks important exhortations to refrain from demonizing entire communities. For example, Democratic presidential contender Martin O'Malley said, “For the days to come we'll hear speculation, and sweeping generalizations about our Muslim brothers and sisters around the world who largely condemn these acts.” During a moment of silence for the victims of the Paris attacks at an NFL game on Sunday, when a fan yelled out an anti-Muslim remark, Aaron Rodgers publicly expressed his disappointment. “It's that kind of prejudicial ideology that I think puts us in the position that we're in today, as a world,” he said. And actor George Takei, whose musical, Allegiance, traces his own family's experience with the internment of Japanese Americans, released a statement after the attacks in Paris that cautioned against identifying “immigrants and refugees as the enemy as a result of these attacks, because they look like those who perpetrated these attacks.” On social media, with ally groups, and even among friends, advocates are noticing a discernible shift. As Raja from the Muslim American Women's Policy Forum noted, “There are more people speaking out—and that gives me hope.”
Perhaps America's appetite for overt Islamophobia is decreasing, especially in contrast to the heightened level of biased rhetoric that occurred after the 9/11 attacks, in the midst of the controversy over the Park51 community center in Lower Manhattan in 2010, and even in the wake of the Charlie Hebdo tragedies in Paris earlier this year. According to Fahd Ahmed, the executive director of Desis Rising Up and Moving in Queens, “There is definitely a shift in a better direction with less collective blame being projected onto Muslim communities. Still, as long as we fail to examine the root causes, our policy and messaging prescriptions will only be band-aid attempts.”
Indeed, the real test will be whether Americans of all races and faiths will call upon lawmakers to cease the use of divisive, xenophobic, and racist rhetoric, and to raise our voices against policies and practices that criminalize and target Muslim, Arab, and South Asian communities. That will determine whether a collective national consciousness of the impact of xenophobia and anti-Muslim sentiment actually translates into meaningful changes in the lives of a group of people who feel singled out on the basis of their faith, national origin, and immigration status, day after day in our nation.
Editorial: “The implications of interspecies communication“
A DIVER carrying a computer that tries to recognise dolphin sounds and generate responses in real time will soon attempt to communicate with wild dolphins off the coast of Florida. If the bid is successful, it will be a big step towards two-way communication between humans and dolphins.
Since the 1960s, captive dolphins have been communicating via pictures and sounds. In the 1990s, Louis Herman of the Kewalo Basin Marine Mammal Laboratory in Honolulu, Hawaii, found that bottlenose dolphins can keep track of over 100 different words. They can also respond appropriately to commands in which the same words appear in a different order, understanding the difference between “bring the surfboard to the man” and “bring the man to the surfboard”, for example.
But communication in most of these early experiments was one-way, says Denise Herzing, founder of the Wild Dolphin Project in Jupiter, Florida. “They create a system and expect the dolphins to learn it, and they do, but the dolphins are not empowered to use the system to request things from the humans,” she says.
Advertisement
Since 1998, Herzing and colleagues have been attempting two-way communication with dolphins, first using rudimentary artificial sounds, then by getting them to associate the sounds with four large icons on an underwater “keyboard”.
By pointing their bodies at the different symbols, the dolphins could make requests – to play with a piece of seaweed or ride the bow wave of the divers' boat, for example. The system managed to get the dolphins' attention, Herzing says, but wasn't “dolphin-friendly” enough to be successful.
Herzing is now collaborating with Thad Starner, an artificial intelligence researcher at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta, on a project named Cetacean Hearing and Telemetry (CHAT). They want to work with dolphins to “co-create” a language that uses features of sounds that wild dolphins communicate with naturally.
Knowing what to listen for is a huge challenge. Dolphins can produce sound at frequencies up to 200 kilohertz – around 10 times as high as the highest pitch we can hear – and can also shift a signal's pitch or stretch it out over a long period of time.
The animals can also project sound in different directions without turning their heads, making it difficult to use visual cues alone to identify which dolphin in a pod “said” what and to guess what a sound might mean.
To record, interpret and respond to dolphin sounds, Starner and his students are building a prototype device featuring a smartphone-sized computer and two hydrophones capable of detecting the full range of dolphin sounds.
A diver will carry the computer in a waterproof case worn across the chest, and LEDs embedded around the diver's mask will light up to show where a sound picked up by the hydrophones originates from. The diver will also have a Twiddler – a handheld device that acts as a combination of mouse and keyboard – for selecting what kind of sound to make in response.
Herzing and Starner will start testing the system on wild Atlantic spotted dolphins (Stenella frontalis) in the middle of this year. At first, divers will play back one of eight “words” coined by the team to mean “seaweed” or “bow wave ride”, for example. The software will listen to see if the dolphins mimic them. Once the system can recognise these mimicked words, the idea is to use it to crack a much harder problem: listening to natural dolphin sounds and pulling out salient features that may be the “fundamental units” of dolphin communication.
The idea is to work with dolphins to create a language featuring sounds dolphins already use
The researchers don't know what these units might be. But the algorithms they are using are designed to sift through any unfamiliar data set and pick out interesting features (see “Pattern detector”). The software does this by assuming an average state for the data and labelling features that deviate from it. It then groups similar types of deviations – distinct sets of clicks or whistles, say – and continues to do so until it has extracted all potentially interesting patterns.
Once these units are identified, Herzing hopes to combine them to make dolphin-like signals that the animals find more interesting than human-coined “words”. By associating behaviours and objects with these sounds, she may be the first to decode the rudiments of dolphins' natural language.
Justin Gregg of the Dolphin Communication Project, a non-profit organisation in Old Mystic, Connecticut, thinks that getting wild dolphins to adopt and use artificial “words” could work, but is sceptical that the team will find “fundamental units” of natural dolphin communication.
Even if they do, deciphering their meanings and using them in the correct context poses a daunting challenge. “Imagine if an alien species landed on Earth wearing elaborate spacesuits and walked through Manhattan speaking random lines from The Godfather to passers-by,” he says.
“We don't even know if dolphins have words,” Herzing admits. But she adds, “We could use their signals, if we knew them. We just don't.”
Share. The streaming service's general policy on looking for new series. The streaming service's general policy on looking for new series.
After Hannibal was cancelled by NBC, many thought Amazon was the most viable candidate to save the series – especially because the service already had exclusive streaming rights to the show's first three seasons in the US (which, Hannibal executive producer Bryan Fuller noted, effectively removed Netflix's interest, since they wouldn't have all the seasons) and are expanding their own original series output.
However, ultimately, a deal with Amazon was not made, and Hannibal's future remains up in the air, as the cast's contracts have been let go and it seems like any continuation wouldn't happen anytime soon.
Today at the TCA (Television Critics Association) press tour, Amazon executives were on hand to discuss their upcoming slate of series and I asked if they could say what happened with Hannibal.
Said Roy Price, the head of Amazon Studios, “We occasionally look at shows that could be revived. Often it's complicated from a business point of view.”
Exit Theatre Mode
Amazon has notably not saved any cancelled series yet, unlike Netflix, Hulu or Yahoo, and Amazon Head of Comedy Joe Lewis remarked, “It's also important… You want your originals to define your network, and that's something we think about. It doesn't mean we would never do it, but we are pretty focused on developing content that says ‘Amazon Studios,' that speaks to what we want to hand to customers. Maybe someday we will do something different, but right now, that hasn't come up yet.”
Price then spoke more about their general interest in developing new series versus picking up series from other networks, stating, “The thing about extending a show is that you would always be doing -- this is not a reflection on Hannibal in particular -- but you would always be doing that or you would usually be doing that, let's say, instead of doing the first season of a new show. And the first season of a new show could become the fantastic new signature show for the network, whereas a show that you could pick up that is coming out from a network or something, usually, if you have the opportunity to pick it up, it's kind of a marginally solid show. Almost never, truly is it a signature… a fantastic show that is going to be a signature show. And so it's often hard to decide, ‘Yeah, let's not try a new show. Let's bet on getting a solid outcome.' We are not really in the solid outcome business, you know. We are not really in the programming business, you know. There used to be a market and there isn't in On Demand for that show”
Price then noted again that his statements were “No reflection on Hannibal. We are not talking about Hannibal anymore, but, you know, that show that would kind of get you from 8:30 to 9:00 [on a network], you know, a solid goodish show… In an On Demand world, that show doesn't have value because people aren't going to demand it. It's not going to be their favorite show. It's not going to be a significant show for them, and so you really have to try to be in the new, interesting, passionate performance, ‘That's the best thing I've ever written' business. And you are not always going to get that, but that's always what you have to strive for. And if you fail, when you fail, you have to fail trying to do that. Don't fail trying to be ‘solid', because that's a super bummer because you are you set your sights low and then you missed.”
I followed up attempting to get a bit more specific on Hannibal, as there was a report from Deadline that said that what finally stopped a deal from happening was Bryan Fuller's commitment to adapting Neil Gaiman's American Gods for Starz, which would have held back production on Hannibal: Season 4.
Said Morgan Wandell, Amazon's Head of Drama, “That's true. That was a factor. He had another Starz show that was going, and it was going to be a year until, hopefully, he was ready to even start production again. And that was a factor.”
They had just returned from a round of golf, laid out the appetizers and poured the wine when the doorbell rang.
The young man outside, wearing only underwear, was shivering. He was muddy, his face was bruised and swollen and he stood there crying.
“It certainly looked like he had been beaten. … He was very upset, shivering and shaking,” Donna Amelotte testified on Monday at the kidnapping-and-torture trial of Laura Brahaney 27, and Jake Hopwood, 28.
The young, autistic man had come out of the woods looking for help after a harrowing ordeal that began on Facebook. Two days earlier, on Sept. 4, 2014, he had been lured online with the promise of a hookup with another woman, but when he answered his apartment door, it was Laura Brahaney who was there, according to the Crown.
Brahaney turned back and stepped outside saying she needed to text her mother, court heard.
“In reality, she was turning back to open the (lobby) door for her accomplices. At this point, the trap was sprung,” prosecutor Matthew Geigen-Miller told court.
The man, 25, was beaten, bound, gagged and blindfolded. His Ottawa apartment was looted, taking his TV, his computer — they even stole the vacuum cleaner, Geigen-Miller told court. Then they showed him the backseat of a car and made him rehearse a ransom demand before forcing him to call his father for money from a pay phone out in Cumberland.
(The scenes of the robbery and the ransom call were captured on security video obtained by police. In the footage, someone can be seen lugging out stolen goods from the victim's apartment.)
The ransom plan quickly failed because it was 4 a.m. and the victim's father didn't answer any of the calls, court heard.
According to the Crown, the young man — described by police as child-like — was forced into a dog cage in Brahaney's basement where he was kept for 24 hours. The dog cage was so small he was unable to stretch, and was denied a washroom.
The Crown alleges that while the victim was still hunched in a cage down in the basement, Brahaney was already on social media plotting her next robbery, this one in Toronto.
On the way to Toronto, the accused kidnappers are alleged to have pulled over by a wooded area off the highway and close to the St. Lawrence River. Blindfolded and gagged, the victim was taken into the woods and beaten again. One of his kidnappers, court heard, choked him until he was unconscious and left him for dead.
But the young man made it out of the woods, and to safety at a home where longtime friends were getting ready to cap a day of golf with supper.
They first wondered if they should let him in out of fear. But they did and they showed him a chair. (The last time he had been in a chair it was in a basement, and he was tied to it.) They gave the shivering man a blanket and called 911. And then he called his mom.
Supper would never be the same. Donna Amelotte, a nurse, told court that it looked as if the man had burn marks around his ankles and wrists, and said he complained of pain in his neck and face.
Her husband, David Amelotte, also testified, recalling at the judge-alone trial that the man's face looked severely swollen, and that one of his eyes was closed. The young man was barefoot, dirty and confused, and had marks on his wrist, Amelotte, a business executive, testified.
A police detective who interviewed the victim described him as being “unable to walk.”
Brahaney and Hopwood have pleaded not guilty while two other people pleaded guilty in the kidnapping-and-torture case that continues later this week with Ontario Court Justice Hugh Fraser presiding.
Defence lawyer Michael Smith is representing Brahaney and Leo Russomanno is defending Hopwood.
gdimmock@postmedia.com
It's as tight as it gets, the scores are tied at fourteen each and the lead has been going back and forth throughout the game so far. This is a crucial round and the pressure to secure at least a tie is on. It doesn't start well; two allies are taken out in quick succession, only bringing down one opponent with them. Across the map a friend manages to pick up a kill, but the hope quickly dissolves as he is traded out along with the teammate he was with. Ultimately you have been let down by your team and must now face three bloodthirsty counter-terrorists alone. Your hands might be shaking and sweat could be blurring your vision but this is it, your time to shine. Welcome to the clutch.
We've all been in a scenario like this at some point during our Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) careers. Some people thrive off the thrill of being the last man alive and managing to take down multiple opponents. Yet at the same time a lot of people also struggle, panicking in the face of adversity and ultimately being unsure of how to act. There is nothing wrong with this, it is a completely normal reaction to the increased pressure of having your whole team spectate and judge every move you make.
Newer players in particular are often simply not used to it, lacking the core game sense that hours of practice provides. However, this does not mean that executing a clutch is reserved for those with thousands of hours; in fact it is quite the opposite and something that players of all skill levels can pull off. In this article we will be looking at some things to consider in clutch situations as well as what to do on the reverse side of things if you and your team have the numbers but are facing a lone enemy.
Points to remember in clutch situations:
Know when to save – This is often forgotten about at some ranks. In certain situations it can be far more beneficial to save your rifle if possible, especially if it is an AWP or auto sniper. Getting exit kills and damaging the other team's economy can also prove to be very advantageous. Remember that there is no point saving on the final round of a half or a game. Your team can help you make the right call, particularly if they are more experienced than you, so do not be afraid to ask for your allies' opinion.
Don't panic – Take a deep breath and remain calm. Remember that this is only a game and your opponents are under just as much pressure as you are, especially if you start taking them out. The odds are stacked against you and nobody can honestly blame you if you are unsuccessful. Try to relax and keep in control, there are a lot of lifestyle choices that can benefit this. Drinking a lot of water, regular exercise and plenty of sleep will all help to keep your stress levels lower. Don't dwell on a mistake if you fail, tackle one round at a time and move on in the next with a fresh start.
Take your time – Keeping your position unknown can be incredibly useful, so don't run about like a headless chicken straight off the bat. Keep an eye on the clock and use the time to your advantage. It is likely that you will be cornered once your position is compromised, so try to at least catch one opponent by surprise. To help this use any information gained in the round to try and work out where you think your opponents will be heading, catching people off guard during a rotated or on their own is a great start.
Time plays a very different role for the terrorist and counter-terrorist side and has positives and negatives for each. For a terrorist the time limit can be cruel, especially if you have to retrieve and plant the bomb. Remember that it takes three seconds in total to plant the bomb and if you do manage to get into a position to plant try and place it somewhere that you can cover easily. It is incredibly difficult and frustrating for the counter-terrorist trying to defuse in a one on one situation, peaking quickly and firing shots in their direction is often enough to put them off.
As a counter-terrorist the time ticking away is your friend, unless the bomb has been planted. As soon as the bomb is counting down you have to make a decision, do you attempt to retake whichever site it is at and clutch the round or as previously mentioned save. Be decisive and stick to your choice. Faking a bomb plant is less reliable than faking a defused, so catching a planting terrorist can win rounds if the timing is tight.
Get creative – If you are going for it with nothing to lose then try something unusual. If there was ever a time to try and fake a flash by throwing your pistol or attempt a jumping scout shot then this might be it. Of course this only applies in certain situations and shouldn't be the go-to option at every chance you get. If you do try something unusual it may just catch your opponents by surprise and provide you with the upper hand, along with an influx of style points. Be smart about this and use your own judgment to gauge what you think you can get away with.
Points to remember when there is only one opponent left:
Use the number advantage – A common mistake people make is running into the last person alive one by one. Peeking without teammates there to back you up can often result in feeding kills and even allow your opposition to complete the clutch. If you don't know where they are play it smart and don't hold too obvious angles. If you do know where they are tried and close in from multiple positions, using the in-game voice chat will help to coordinate this. Try not to bait your own teammates, if they are in a fire fight help them out rather than wait passively to see if they die.
Be wary of the ninja defuse – Once in a blue moon somebody manages the ninja defuse in the face of incredible odds. If you are playing as the terrorist side and have taken a site be sure to clear it out fully. One of the best examples of this is the pit at site A on Inferno. Leaving the site to chase down the last man standing can really help to break their economy; just make sure you know the bomb is guaranteed to go off. It may not happen often but is definitely better to be safe than sorry.
Common save areas – On each map there are certain areas that offer good protection for saving rifles and AWPs. If you know they are trying to keep hold of their gear then hunt them down methodically and try to picture where they might hide on the map you are on. Check the common hiding spots and be sure to call out if you see or hear any clues to their location.
Don't neglect your grenades – Just because there is only one opponent left does mean that you should relax and forget about your grenades. Throwing a smoke or a flash in the direction of the last man alive can really slow them down and force them to try another angle or give up on their hope for the clutch. It is far better to be safe and use your grenades to try and secure the round than die with them still on your body because you underestimated the capability of the last man alive.
Hopefully this will give you a few things to consider when you are the last person alive or are trying to prevent an opponent from clutching. These situations are one of CS:GO's most entertaining features and if executed successfully provide a feeling like no other. Over time you will become more comfortable relying solely on your own ability and eventually learn to love the thrill of the clutch as many players already do.
A fire broke out in the railroad track along Interstate 10 near the Bonnet Carre Spillway on Saturday morning (Feb. 13). The fire began around 8:20 a.m., according to the St. Charles Parish Sheriff's Office.
The blaze had been contained as of about 2 p.m., St. Charles officials reported, but firefighters were still working to extinguish it using a helicopter and airboats.
The sheriff's office told WVUE Fox 8 News that the crew working on the tracks reported the fire. The workers were doing grinding work on the tracks when they noticed the fire starting, the station said citing the sheriff's office. The station reported the crew tried to put the fire out with extinguishers, but was unable to do so.
Travelers driving along the interstate between New Orleans and Baton Rouge captured the large blaze on photographs and video recordings.
The interstate has remained opened as the fire burns. Louisiana State Police spokeswoman Trooper Melissa Matey said the heavy smoke from the blaze has been blowing away from the interstate travel lanes but is being monitored. A shift in wind direction could force temporary closures, she said, but that is not being considered at this time.
"We do ask that people not stop on the shoulders to look," Matey said. "The shoulders need to be for emergency stops only, or to allow emergency vehicles to pass."
Amtrak's media relations department did not immediately return a message seeking comment on how the fire is or will affect its passenger train operations.
STROUDSBURG, Penn., Nov 30 (Reuters) - The former president of a New York fraternity chapter linked to a pledge's death during a suspected hazing ritual testified on Monday that his fraternity secretly encouraged hazing.
Daniel Li, 23, of Queens, New York, who faces third-degree murder charges along with four fellow Baruch College Pi Delta Psi fraternity members, was called as a surprise witness in the death of Chun "Michael" Deng.
Li, who testified in Pocono Pines, Pennsylvania District Court before Magisterial District Judge Richard Claypool, said the national office of his former fraternity publicly pretended to condemnhazing by its members.
"In actuality, the national fraternity knew very well (that hazing went on)," Li said.
He said the fraternity provided a special e-mail address to notify at its main office if a pledge was seriously injured during hazing so the organization could devise an excuse. Pledges were encouraged to lie to police if questioned, Li said.
Calls to the fraternity's attorney were not immediately returned.
Deng, 19, died of brain damage and other injuries inflicted in December 2013 during a pledging ritual known as the "glass ceiling" at a rented home in the Pocono Mountain region of Pennsylvania.
In addition to Li, Charles Lai, 24; Kenny Kwan, 26; Raymond Lam, 22; and Sheldon Wong, 23, all from Queens, face third-degree murder charges in Deng's death.
Blindfolded and wearing a 30-pound backpack, Deng was tackled repeatedly and slammed to the ground, prosecutors said.
The backpack was supposed to represent the weight of Pi Delta Psi, which describes itself as an Asian-American cultural fraternity. The "glass ceiling" gauntlet is intended to symbolize the difficulties Asian-Americans experience in battling prejudice.
Li, who witnessed the final moments of Deng's hazing, said the victim staggered to his feet after being tackled by Lai. Shortly afterward, Kwan crashed into him with a 15-20 foot running start.
"His back hit the ground. He did not get up," Li said. "He was making slight, groaning sounds."
Li told defense lawyers that he did not have authority to stop the "glass ceiling" ritual but Wong did.
To add styles to logs, the method expects `%c` within the first argument of console.log() and it picks up the very next argument as CSS style for the %c pattern argument text. Try the following basic example now in this tab's console window.
Image 2: Basic example for custom log
If you want to add multiple style, then simply add multiple %c text and add style arguments respectively.
Image 3: Custom log with multiple styles
Please note, there are two %c pattern text and hence two CSS style arguments. And the CSS arguments are picked up respectively from left to right.
Let's mimic Facebook's console log style.
Image 4: Facebook like danger message on console window
To achieve this, we need only the color of the text as red and its outline. And to get outline around the text we are going to add four text shadows with zero pixel blur. Read more about text shadow CSS style.
We can also generate the rainbow styled text, using the following CSS.
console.log('%c Rainbowww!', 'font-weight: bold; font-size: 50px;color: red; text-shadow: 3px 3px 0 rgb(217,31,38) , 6px 6px 0 rgb(226,91,14) , 9px 9px 0 rgb(245,221,8) , 12px 12px 0 rgb(5,148,68) , 15px 15px 0 rgb(2,135,206) , 18px 18px 0 rgb(4,77,145) , 21px 21px 0 rgb(42,21,113)');
Image 5: Rainbow styled CSS
The custom logs can be used in different scenarios depending on its importance. These styled logs are generally for a set of users who are curious enough to visit the console log window.
Pinterest.com has also made very good use of custom logs. Visit pinterest's console window now and type joinUs() in console tab, it will redirect you to their career's page.
Firebug has added custom logs in 2010 (click here) and Webkit engine has officially added this feature in 2012 (click here).
Colin de Grandhomme, Jeet Raval and Neil Broom are the new inclusions in New Zealand Cricket's central contracts list for the 2017-18 season. Mark Craig, Doug Bracewell and Luke Ronchi, who had announced his international retirement in June, were left out of the 21-player list.
De Grandhomme has scored 397 runs in 18 games across formats since 2016 at an average of 28.35, and has taken 26 wickets, including 6 for 41 against Pakistan on his Test debut.
Raval, who also made his Test debut against Pakistan in November last year, opened for New Zealand in each of their seven Tests in the 2016-17 home season, scoring 493 runs at an average of 44.81.
Broom played two Tests against South Africa last year, but was a more prominent figure in New Zealand's limited-overs teams. Since December 2016, Broom has hit 602 runs at an average of 43 in 15 ODIs, with four fifties and a hundred.
"Colin made a breakthrough last summer and is rated well in all three formats; Jeet's Test numbers speak for themselves, and Neil, as well as averaging 43 in ODI cricket since his recall, is also seen as viable cover for the Test team's middle-order," selector Gavin Larsen said.
In Ronchi's absence, BJ Watling was the only specialist wicketkeeper to be handed a central contract.
Central contracts list: Corey Anderson, Trent Boult, Neil Broom, Colin de Grandhomme, Martin Guptill, Matt Henry, Tom Latham, Mitchell McClenaghan, Adam Milne, Colin Munro, Henry Nicholls, James Neesham, Jeet Raval, Mitchell Santner, Ish Sodhi, Tim Southee, Ross Taylor, Neil Wagner, BJ Watling, Kane Williamson, George Worker.
Israeli arms dealers twice tried to send spare parts for fighter planes to Iran, The Telegraph has established, flouting an international arms embargo and openly contradicting the bitter enmity between the Jewish state and the Islamic regime.
The illegal shipments are now being investigated by the US Homeland Security Department after they were intercepted by authorities in Greece.
The potentially explosive revelation came as six world powers resumed negotiations with Iran in Vienna aimed at reaching a long-term agreement over Tehran's nuclear programme.
Benjamin Netanyahu, the Israeli prime minister, marked the event with a renewed call for increased pressure on Iran to force it to abandon a programme that Israel regards as a front for building an atomic bomb and a threat to its existence.
Visiting the Golan Heights on Tuesday, he accused Iran of “arming those who are carrying out the slaughter” in neighbouring Syria.
“I would like to tell the world, today, as the talks between the major powers and Iran are being resumed, that Iran has changed neither its aggressive policy nor its brutal character. Iran is continuing to support the Assad regime, which is slaughtering its own people,” Mr Netanyahu said.
But a court in Athens has told The Telegraph that parts appearing on an American list of forbidden military-grade materials had been shipped from Israel on two occasions, apparently destined for Iran.
The seized items comprised spare parts for military aircraft: a constant speed drive designed for the F-4 Phantom jet, and a voltage output sensor used in the F-14 Tomcat.
The parts were confiscated by Greece's financial crimes squad and were being sent to the US for investigation, court officials said.
The defence and foreign ministries in Israel declined to comment on the seizures, which were first revealed by Kathimerini, a Greek newspaper.
The shipments - one in Dec 2012 and the other last April - were sent by courier from the Israeli town of Binyamina-Givat Ada, near Haifa, via a company in Greece, the newspaper reported.
The firm was later established to be a ghost company. Its contact number was said to belong to a British national in the Greek city of Thessaloniki, who could not be traced.
Israeli media carried only brief versions of the report, suggesting that the matter may be subject to the country's strict military censorship.
Writing in Yedioth Ahronoth, Israel's biggest-selling newspaper, Alex Fishman, a military-affairs commentator, suggested that the report may have been leaked by US officials as a coded warning to Israel not to try to sabotage the nuclear negotiations with Iran, which were continuing yesterday.
A blogger, Richard Silverstein pointed the finger at two possible culprits who he said were well-known arms dealers living in Binyamina-Givat Ada. The pair had come to the attention of Israeli and US authorities on suspicion of violating the arms embargo on Iran in the past, Silverstein wrote, but had never been charged or prosecuted. “There can be no doubt that they are colluding with Israeli intelligence,” he added.
Previous illicit Israeli arms shipments to Iran have come to the public attention, notably in the 1986 Iran-Contra scandal, when it emerged that Israel was acting as a conduit to send weapons to from the US to Iran in exchange for its help in winning the release of American hostages held in Lebanon.
In 1998, an Israeli court sentenced Nahum Manbar, a businessman and former decorated soldier, to 16 years in prison after he was convicted of secretly selling Iran equipment to make chemical weapons.
Iran's ageing fleets of up to 75 US-made F-4 Phantoms and 19 F-14 Tomcats were purchased under the Shah, when the country was close to Washington. Israel, once the largest foreign operator of the Phantom, retired its last F-4s in 2004, suggesting that the spare sold may have been second hand. The Pentagon stopped selling spare parts for the F-14 in 2007, fearing that they might end up in Iran, the only country where the F14 is still in operation.
The US later shredded its own fleet to ensure that spare parts could not be acquired. Iran's need of equipment for its Tomcats was exposed in Jan 2012 when one crashed shortly after take-off, killing both crew members.
On 20 January 2017, a rumor started circulating on social media that President Donald Trump had plagiarized portions of the 2007 adventure/comedy film Bee Movie in his Inaugural Address:
The quote on the left-hand side of the above-displayed graphic does appear in President Trump's inaugural address, and can be seen in a transcript of the speech provided by WhiteHouse.gov. The quote on the right-hand side of this image, however, does not appear in Bee Movie. We were unable to locate this quote (or a similar one) in online scripts of the movie provided by Script-o-Rama or SpringfieldSpringfield.co.uk.
A similar claim was made about the movie Avatar:
Again, the quote on the left can be found in President Trump's inaugural address, but the quote on the right can't be found in the Avatar script.
Social media users also accused Trump of plagiarizing the words of another movie character, Bane, from the Batman movie The Dark Knight Rises. While Trump and Bane used similar lines (Trump said “we are transferring power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the people” and Bane said “The oppressors of generations … who have kept you down with myths of opportunity. And we give it back to you …the people”), this was more a case of vague coincidence than actual plagiarism:
Share Pinterest
Email
Want an off-the-wall name to consider for the Mercedes Formula 1 ride vacated by retiring 2016 champion Nico Rosberg.
MotoGP rider Valentino Rossi, who strongly flirted with a switch to four wheels a decade ago, has thrown his name into the hat for the Mercedes ride.
It comes after Toto Wolff joked that Rossi and his motorcycle racing rival Jorge Lorenzo, who recently tested a Mercedes and said driving it was easy, are in the frame.
"I don't know, but it would be nice," Rossi, who rides in MotoGP for Yamaha, is quoted as saying by the Italian broadcaster Sky. "If he (Wolff) wants to call me, he has my number."
Italian Rossi, 37, said he would definitely say yes to the offer of a test.
"How could I say no?" he said. "I was lucky enough to test the Ferrari, I am very good friends with many guys in Maranello and it (testing a Mercedes) would perhaps even be half a betrayal -- but how could you not try the Mercedes if asked?"
On July 8, 1850 James Jesse Strang was crowned King. To this day he holds the illustrious honor of being the only person crowned as a monarch on United States soil. Six years later he was shot in broad daylight in front of apathetic witnesses.
Let's rewind…
In February, 1844 Strang becomes a member of the The Church of Jesus Christ and the Latter Day Saints and is personally baptized by founder Joseph Smith, Jr. Within a month Strang is recognized by the church as an Elder and dispatched by Smith to Wisconsin to create a Mormon settlement. The settlement in Voree, Wisconsin is located just west of Burlington in the southeastern part of the state. On June 27 Smith is murdered by an anti-Mormom mob. The homicide creats a power vacuum within the church with three individuals each claiming leadership; Bringham Young, Sidney Rigdon, and James Jesse Strang.
Up to this point Strang's story appears to be a quintessential early American story. A young man moves west to find his place in the world, adopts religion, and becomes a prominent community figure. This is where things turn weird.
Photo: The Strangite church located in Voree, WI appropriately on Mormon Road.
Strang, being the deeply religious and righteous man that he is, forges a letter supposedly from church founder Smith stating that Strang is to be the successor. To further his claims Strang provides evidence that Voree is to be the next chosen Mormon settlement. In 1945 Strang is guided by an angel to discover three small gold plates buried in the ground. The plates have text etched into them that only Strang can translate. The Voree Record supposedly affirm Strang's ascendance in the church and reveal God's plan for the Mormons.
Although ambitious, Strang doesn't get any points for originality. The whole “finding gold plates and revealing God's plan” was exactly what church founder Smith claimed years before. Strang's life is about to get a whole lot stranger.
Brigham Young is eventually chosen to be the head of the Mormon church. Strang decides to break off and form his own sect, which still survive to this day as the Strangites. As non-Mormons moved into the area Strang made the decision to move his followers to Beaver Island, Michigan in June 1848.
No wait… it gets even better.
In 1849 Strang took a secret second wife Elvira Field. Strang concealed their relationship by passing his buxom new bride off as a man named Charles Douglass. The ruse was so convincing that her own family believed her to be missing.
Like all things American, Strang decides to up the ante even further. He's kind of like Scarface, only with religion instead of cocaine.
In 1850 Strang is crowned “King of the Kingdom of God on Earth.” The ever expanding congregation was able to take control of the island's raw material and commercial resources. Friction between the gentile population increased when Strang demanded gentiles pay a tithe to the church. Physical skirmishes broke out when the church prevented alcohol from being shipped to the island. After the “War of Whiskey Point” most of the gentile population of Beaver Island moved.
Polygamy is wholeheartedly embraced after Strang takes a third wife in 1852. After this he mandates that all Strangite men have at least two. Wives four and five join the Strang family in 1855.
Word of King Strang's abberant behavior eventually reaches President Fillmore, who then opens a jar of pickled whup-ass on Strang. Or so he thinks. The USS Missouri is dispatched to bring Strang and his followers to trial for tax irregularities, harvesting from public lands, delaying mail service and counterfitting. Strang, acting as his own lawyer, is able to beat the federal government in open court. He then returns with his followers back to his Beaver Island kingdom.
So King Strang returns victorious and is viewed as a hero by his congregation. Things start to fall apart when the fearless leader brutalizes one of his subjects.
In 1856 King Strang orders David Bedford to be lashed 79 times for allegedly sleeping with his business partner's wife. The punishment is doled out swiftly and deeply enrages Bedford. Bedford convinces a group of 40 men to ambush Strang on the shores of Beaver Island. During the confrontation Strang is shot three times; one bullet grazes his head, one goes through his cheek, and the last bullet lodges itself in his spine. The group of men then board the docked USS Michigan, where they set off for nearby Mackinac Island. The conspirators are given a mock trial, fined $1.25, and are released.
A dying King Strang is placed as soon as possible on a vessel back to Voree, Wisconsin. He dies from his injuries three weeks later on July 9, 1856. Four of Strang's five wives are pregnant at the time of his death. He is buried in the Burlington Cemetery shortly thereafter.
The King is dead. Long live the King.
Photo: King Strang's marker is almost indistinguishable from the rest in the cemetery.
Posted in Michigan Rurex Urbex Wisconsin
Posted by
Minimum Viable Product - Lessons for Software Teams
The concept of the minimum viable product or the MVP was popularized by Eric Reis in his book The Lean Startup. He defines it as:
The minimum viable product is that version of a new product which allows a team to collect the maximum amount of validated learning about customers with the least effort.
Startups fail for many reasons but one of the biggest reasons is that they build products that their customers do not want. By that time, it's too late. They have already spent months or even years of their lives building a great product - a grand vision - that the market isn't, unfortunately, willing to purchase. MVP is a strategy to avoid exactly that scenario: building something that the customers do not want.
Eric cites the story of Zappos. They didn't start out with a grand vision of building a cool website, distribution and call centers. Nope. Zappos started by testing a simple hypothesis: are customers willing to buy shoes online?
They went to local shoe store, took pictures of each of their products and put them online. If anyone bought shoes from them [at this early stage], they planned to go to the store, buy the shoes and mail them to the customer. There was no big business behind it; there was a website and a hope that they'll get so many orders that it will get annoying to do all the purchasing and shipping manually. It was all to test their big idea.
MVP is a great way to test the actual usage and assumptions as opposed to conventional market research that includes researching online, surveys etc. which often provide misleading results.
Software teams can learn a lot from MVP and apply it to build products that meet their client needs. When I first heard of MVP, I thought of it as a rebranding of ‘Continuous Delivery (CD)' which, along with the practices of incremental and iterative development, has been around for a long time. But there is a huge difference and it lies in how software developers understand and perceive these concepts. This article captures the definition I hear from most developers when I ask them about incremental development:
In incremental model the whole requirement is divided into various builds … more easily managed modules. Each module passes through the requirements design, implementation and testing phases. A working version of software is produced during the first module, so you have working software early on during the software life cycle. Each subsequent release of the module adds function to the previous release. The process continues till the complete system is achieved.
The article even has an illustration showing how the Mona Lisa would be built incrementally or piece-by-piece:
The problem is that “working software early on in the life cycle” doesn't happen in real-life. Modules take up a lot of time; developers start arguing about technologies and methodologies, various architectures and database systems are evaluated and the complete painting takes up a long time. When it gets released, the customer turns around and demands that Mona Lisa's dress should be of red color instead of deep forest green!
Traditional methodologies guide the software development process to ensure that the product gets built right, but the MVP answers the bigger question: are we building the right product? While Agile does promote evolutionary development where results are demonstrated to stakeholders after each iteration, a MVP isn't just show and tell. It is a real product that gets released to the users. Software teams could build a MVP using Agile/Scrum, incrementally and deliver it continuously.
Because a MVP gets released to the customers, it requires support from the organization, clients and other departments. Building a MVP isn't easy. On the one hand, you want to limit it to few essential or key features, but on the other hand, you want to deliver something that your customers will find useful so they can start using it. You must find the right balance.
Releasing the product only when it is almost or absolutely ready is a mistake I have seen far too often. Usual software development goes like this: software teams talk to their clients and stakeholders to get their requirements (Everyone does that. Right?). They create a product vision (or write functional specifications) and show it to the stakeholders. Once the stakeholders agree on the requirements and the product vision, the team set out to build the product. The product is divided into several layers or several subs-systems, if following SOA or microservices architecture. Each layer is built piece-by-piece, incrementally and iteratively. Even the CI/CD pipeline is there since week one. Finally, when everything is ready, the product is ‘released' to the customer. Then the customer flips and ask for changes or new features. It happens almost always. Depending on how well the team captured and modeled their requirements, the rework could take weeks or months!
I made this mistake when I architected a telecommunications project using Service Oriented Architecture (SOA). While the team followed iterative approach to individual services and did continuos integration, we didn't implement the front-end that our customer could use and provide feedback on early on. We used Agile and it worked great for the database layer, the business layer, the sniffers, the messaging layers and the load balancers. When the product was complete, we released it to our big client for a pilot with few thousand users. That same week, I received a phone call from the CEO asking for very different functionality, in an apologetic tone. It turned out that once the client used the product, they changed their mind. The big release date was one or two months away and we had to do major rework to adopt the change.
What can we learn from this story? Build the MVP. While I'm not against refactoring and adopting to change, in this case, we could have avoided extra effort if we had built a MVP. We didn't build in a vacuum. We prototyped but prototypes only help so much. In the example I gave, the product's goal was to support mobile menus that allowed people to send messages and transfer funds. We prototyped and mocked the menus in Balsamiq and even went as far as creating a simple HTML page that allowed the client to interact with the menu options. At regular intervals, we'd send client videos of partial functionality in action. But prototypes and videos aren't remotely as interesting as the actual product. Clients looked at those and said everything looks great. But once they got the actual product on their phones, they got creative and came up with new ideas. If I were doing the project all over again, the first thing I'd do is build the front-end (menus), use a simple database (even SQLite instead of Cassandra) and make the product work on real devices and give it to the client. Plumbing to make it work across multiple sites and NoSQL databases would come later.
A little while ago, I was working on a backend with REST based microservices architecture. There were several clients with different needs and there was a lot of unknowns. A common complaint from the developers who worked on earlier projects was that the clients always change their minds after the release which makes their products messy since they accrue technical debt. I had a Déjà vu. So we figured out the most urgent needs and defined a milestone that would deliver a working product. It'll have fewer services than our grand vision, but everything will work end-to-end. It won't be perfect or complete, but it will have just the right functionality they need to get up and running and provide us the feedback. And we will grow and evolve it over time.
The closest reference to MVP I could find in software development is a concept called ‘Tracer Bullets' that was first used by Andy and Dave in their book the The Pragmatic Programmer:
We once undertook a complex client-server database marketing project … The servers were a range of relational and specialized databases. The client GUI, written in Object Pascal, used a set of C libraries to provide an interface to the servers … There were many unknowns and many different environments, and no one was too sure how the GUI should behave. This was a great opportunity to use tracer code. We developed the framework for the front end, libraries for representing the queries, and a structure for converting a stored query into a database-specific query. Then we put it all together and checked that it worked. For that initial build, all we could do was submit a query that listed all the rows in a table, but it proved that the UI could talk to the libraries, the libraries could serialize and unserialize a query, and the server could generate SQL from the result. Over the following months we gradually fleshed out this basic structure, adding new functionality by augmenting each component of the tracer code in parallel.
So when you are setting out on a journey to build a new product and have lots of unknowns and assumptions, build a MVP - or use Tracer Bullets. Make sure to build the right thing. You might have seen this image a thousand times already, but this is exactly what MVP will avoid:
Notes
John Mayo-Smith illustrates two approaches to building a pyramid:
Build it gayer by layer Start with a smaller pyramid and keep growing it. Just like MVP. Delivering a “smaller product” that captures essential features that the customer could actually use and deliver feedback on.
This article was written by Umer Mansoor. Please leave your comments below and like on Facebook or follow-on Twitter to stay up-to-date.
Scarborough police are investigating three incidents of vandalism reported at two homes over the weekend, including the painting of a swastika and profanity at one.
A property on Jameco Mill Road was defaced with the Nazi symbol sometime Sunday night, said Scarborough police Detective Sgt. Rick Rouse. The same home was egged Friday, Rouse said.
Another home also was egged Sunday on Coulthard Farms Road, Rouse said. A neighbor reported that the egging may have involved a silver-colored sedan occupied by three young men, possibly teenagers, Rouse said.
The graffiti were painted near the bottom of a sloping driveway in a cul-de-sac on Jameco Mill Road. The well-kept home, with a basketball hoop in the driveway, is part of a tidy development between Gorham Road and Route 1. No one answered the door Monday afternoon, and a neighbor picking up mail declined to answer questions.
The perpetrators, if caught, would face criminal mischief charges, which could be elevated to a Class C felony if the damage costs more than $2,000 to repair.
Anyone with information about the vandalism is urged to call Scarborough police at 207-883-6361, or the anonymous crime tip hotline at 207-730-GET'M (4386).
Share
As the year draws to a close, Global BC's legislative bureau chief Keith Baldrey sits down with B.C. Premier John Horgan to take a look back at 2017. What were the highs and lows and what is his favourite Christmas song?
B.C. Premier John Horgan had a clear message for his B.C. NDP at year's end.
“If we're going to be a government that governs for all British Columbians, we have to set aside our activism and start being better administrators,” he said in an interview with Global BC's Keith Baldrey to cap off an eventful 2017 for the NDP leader.
Coverage of Premier John Horgan on Globalnews.ca:
John Horgan announces Site C decision John Horgan pledges $322M to tackle the opioid crisis Premier John Horgan tours wildfire-affected areas John Horgan apologizes to Gordon Wilson John Horgan sworn in as B.C.'s 36th Premier
It's a year that saw Horgan lead the NDP to a minority of seats in the legislature before the party entered a four-year agreement with the BC Greens that would put them in government.
As part of the deal, the parties agreed to bring in a new voting system, ban corporate and union donations and review the Site C hydroelectric dam.
READ MORE: NDP, Greens sign pact to prepare for new B.C. government
The latter condition was met when the B.C. Utilities Commission (BCUC) delivered a report that did not make a recommendation on whether Site C should continue, but said the project would be unlikely to be on time or on budget.
Story continues below
The B.C. NDP eventually decided that the dam should continue, reasoning that cancelling it would mean a “$4-billion hit.”
Speaking in his year-end interview, Horgan said that deciding to continue the dam was a “very difficult choice for me personally” but he said the government had to “look at what was in the best interests of British Columbia.”
“We looked on balance at the impact of proceeding or the impact of stopping the dam and we just couldn't see $4 billion for nothing and I think that the public would understand that as well.”
Horgan said he feels the pain of those who are frustrated about the dam, but he noted that it's “25 per cent complete and to walk away now would have had an impact on our ability to build schools, hospitals, transit and other transportation infrastructure.”
With the decision on Site C out of the way, Horgan said the government is looking forward to its February budget, which will focus on issues such as child care and housing — two issues that the B.C. NDP campaigned on.
The premier said earlier this week that the budget will include tax changes that could affect demand for housing.
Story continues below
READ MORE: John Horgan promises housing tax changes ‘that will affect demand' in February budget
During the election, the B.C. NDP had promised to usher in a two-per-cent absentee speculators tax that would target people with empty homes.
They also pledged to rid B.C. of the “loopholes that let speculators dodge taxes and hide their identities.”
But Horgan admitted finding the “right answer” on housing has been challenging.
“How much intervention does the goernment have in the marketplace that's not destabilizing, but how do we get the speculation out?” he said.
“That's the sort of thing we'll be talking about in February.”
Home for the holidays
With the Christmas season upon him, Horgan said he would spend the holidays in his Vancouver Island constituency of Juan de Fuca, going out along some beaches and enjoying a “West Coast winter.”
“I've been kind of housebound or work bound for the past six months, so I'm looking forward to getting outside,” he said.
His favourite Christmas movie? It's a Wonderful Life., though he's also a fan of 1951's A Christmas Carol starring Alastair Sim.
“I'm a disciple of Bill Murray but his version of Scrooge just doesn't do it for me,” Horgan said.
Story continues below
The premier also likes the Christmas song Fairytale of New York by the Pogues.
It's a song about a troubled couple on Christmas, dreaming of better times.
“It's not Christmas until I've listened to that,” he said.
With files from Simon Little
© 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc.
Over the weekend, brothers Cayden and Connor Long joined hundreds of other children as they competed in the first annual New England Kids Triathlon in Cambridge, Mass., Examiner.com reports.
The boys did not win the event -- they didn't even come close. But that didn't stop them from winning hearts across the Internet.
The Long brothers are not your typical triathletes. Six-year-old Cayden has cerebral palsy and can neither walk nor talk. But thanks to the dedication of his older brother, Connor, the young boy has participated in several triathlons.
"People don't realize that when you're special needs and in a wheelchair, you won't be able to get out that much," 9-year-old Connor told ESPN in November last year.
Wanting to help his brother experience sports like other children, Connor asked his parents if he and Cayden could compete together in a triathlon after he saw an ad for one last year.
His parents agreed and after working out the details with the event's organizer, Connor and Cayden -- under the name Team Long Brothers -- took part in their first triathlon last June. It was held in Nashville, Tenn., not far from the boys' hometown of Whitehouse.
With Connor pushing and pulling his younger brother through the 2.5 mile course, the boys ended up coming in second last. But neither seemed to mind very much.
"[It was] pretty inspiring to some people and it was cool to me that I took on the challenge to pull my younger sibling," said Connor, who uses a special raft, cart and stroller to get his brother around the race course.
He added that it's just finishing the race that matters to him. That, and making sure his brother is enjoying himself.
"When I see him smiling and laughing, that means he's having a good time," Connor told ESPN.
According to Examiner.com, the brothers have already competed in several triathlons around the country, including the 2011 Iron Kids Triathlon.
Cayden's mother said that participating in these events has given Cayden an extraordinary gift.
"I know it's changed him," she said. "With the help of his brother, he's found something he can do."
The Exige S mates Lotus' well proven and most focused chassis to a powerful V6. And although the £52,900 price tag is significant, the car's performance has been lifted to a level that rivals much more costly, track-focused models like the Porsche 911 GT3. It's not one for the daily commute, but this is Lotus at its thrilling best.
Lightness and lots of power – it's a recipe for a serious performance car. And Lotus has taken it to the extreme by fitting the 345bhp 3.5-litre supercharged V6 from the flagship Evora S into the lighter, more focused Exige.
The result is the Exige S. It's the only Exige you can now buy, and is longer, wider and more aggressive than any previous Exige, with its stretched body and more angular lines. It looks the part, and under the skin the transversely mounted Toyota-sourced V6 is cradled by a new rear subframe, which extends the car's wheelbase by 70mm.
Video: Watch Owen's video of the Exige S on track
All that power would be wasted if the engine's extra weight dulled the razor-sharp handling. But by using a mix of Evora, Exige and bespoke suspension components, Lotus' engineers have managed to retain the taut body control and plentiful grip that have made the Exige such a track day favourite.
Still, the S is more usable on the road, due to the V6's torque and flexibility. And with the highest power-to-weight ratio ever seen in an Exige, at 0.29bhp per kg, it's very fast: 0-62mph takes only four seconds. The tuneful exhaust and rorty V6 engine note echo into the cabin and while the rigid ride, road noise and heavy unassisted steering limit day-to-day usability, the less frantic nature of the engine gives the car a new character.
Opt for the £2,000 Race Pack and the Exige S becomes even more focused. This brings high-performance cut slick Pirelli Trofeo tyres and Lotus' Dynamic Performance Management system. Developed with Bosch, it provides three-stage traction control, which allows you to tailor intervention depending on driver ability and road condition.
In the race setting, the system also increases maximum revs and opens the exhaust valves to make the engine sound even louder. Yet the snappy action of the six-speed manual gearbox and the natural feedback of the steering that Exige and Elise owners love to remain. So do the bare aluminium and the simple controls of the confined, basic but well executed cabin.
Edited 8/16 to correct attributions to Alon and Boppana and to Tardos, thanks to an anonymous commenter for the correction
Yesterday, Norbert Blum posted a preprint with a claimed proof that . An incorrect comment that I made last night and corrected this morning caused a lot of confusion, so let me apologize by summarizing the claims in the paper.
Coincidentally, this week, there is an Oberwolfach workshop on proof complexity and circuit complexity, so I am confident that by the end of the week we will hear substantive comments on the technical claims in the paper.
Recall that if a decision problem is solvable by an algorithm running in time on inputs of length then, for every , it is also solved, on inputs of length , by a circuit of size . Thus, if a problem is solvable in polynomial time it is also solvable by a family of polynomial size circuits (or, in short, it has polynomial circuit complexity).
The paper claims that Clique has exponential circuit complexity, and hence it has no polynomial time algorithm and . The argument leverages known results from monotone circuit complexity.
A monotone circuit is a boolean circuit that has only AND gates and OR gates, but does not have any NOT gates. A decision problem is a monotone problem if, for every fixed input length, it is solvable by a monotone circuit. For example, the problem to decide if a given -vertex graph has a clique of size at least is a monotone problem (if the input graph is presented as a boolean adjacency matrix), and so is the problem of deciding if a given graph has a perfect matching.
In the 1980s, Razborov proved that Clique cannot be computed by polynomial size monotone circuits. Later Andreev proved that there is a monotone problem in NP that requires exponential size monotone circuits, and Tardos Alon and Boppana proved that Clique itself requires exponential size monotone circuits. At the time, it was conjectured that if a monotone problem is in P, then it is solvable by a family of polynomial size monotone circuits. Under this conjecture, Razborov's result would imply that Clique is not in P, and hence .
Unfortunately, Razborov refuted this conjecture, by showing that the perfect matching problem, which is in P, does not have polynomial size monotone circuits. Tardos showed that the Alon-Boppana exponential lower bound for clique holds for any monotone function sandwiched between the clique number and the chromatic number of a graph, including the Lovasz Theta function. Since the Theta function is polynomial time computable, and hence has polynomial size circuits, this shows that the gap between monotone circuit complexity and general circuit complexity can be exponentially large. (See first comment below.)
Razborov's proof of the Clique lower bound for monotone circuits introduced the powerful approximation method. Roughly speaking, his approach was to start from a hypothetical polynomial size family of monotone circuits for Clique, and, from that, build a family of approximating circuits, which are just DNF formulas. The approximating circuits constructed by his method do not solve the Clique problem in general, but they solve a “promise” version of the problem, that is, they solve Clique on a certain subset of graphs. Then Razborov finishes the argument by showing that the approximating circuits are so simple that it is impossible for them to even solve Clique on that subset of inputs, thus reaching a contradiction to the assumption that there are monotone polynomial size circuits for Clique. The approximation method, variously modified, was also used to prove the lower bounds for Andreev's problem and for matching.
Tim Gowers wrote a wonderful exposition of Razborov's method, trying to show how one would come up with the various ideas, rather than just presenting the proof step by step.
Berg and Ulfberg simplify the proofs of Razborov, Andreev and Tardos for Clique and Andreev's problem (but not for matching) by showing how to construct an approximator that has both small DNF complexity and small CNF complexity. The stronger claim makes an inductive argument in the construction easier to establish.
(At this point, I should clarify that I have never properly studies these results, so I am probably getting some details wrong. Please post corrections in the comments.)
The main claim in Blum's paper is Theorem 6, which claims that if polynomial-size monotone circuits for a monotone problem admit a “CNF-DNF approximator” for a promise restriction of the problem (like the Berg-Ulfberg one), then also general circuits for the same problem admit such an approximator. Thus, if the approximator does not exist, it not only follows that the monotone complexity of the problem is super-polynomial, but also the general circuit complexity of the problem is superpolynomial.
Together with the Berg-Ulfberg approximator for monotone circuits for Clique, this implies that Clique is not in P.
Now, what could possibly go wrong with this argument?
What about natural proofs? This argument can only apply to (certain) monotone problems, and monotone problems are a vanishing fraction of all problems, hence one does not have the “largeness” property of natural proofs, and the argument is not a natural proof. (This is noted in the paper.)
What about relativization and algebrization? The argument starts from a boolean circuit for a given problem. If one is given an oracle circuit, with gates that answer oracle queries, or give evaluation of a polynomial extension of the problem, the argument cannot be applied.
But this argument is lifting monotone circuit lower bounds to general circuit lower bounds, and so what about perfect matching, which has an exponential monotone circuit lower bound and a polynomial general circuit upper bound? It is not known how to make the known lower bound for matching work via a “CNF-DNF approximator” and the claims in the paper only concern monotone lower bounds proved in this way. (Edited to add: but what about the Lovasz theta function?)
But didn't Razborov prove that the approximation method cannot prove a better-than-quadratic lower bound for general circuits? Like any no-go theorem, Razborov's impossibility result makes some assumption on what it means to “apply the approximation method to general circuits” and Blum claims that the assumptions do not apply to his argument.
But where is the “heavy lifting” done? Shouldn't every proof of a major result have one or more steps that are unlike anything done before? I don't have a good answer to this question. All the work is done in the proof of Theorem 6, which is the construction of the approximator starting from an arbitrary circuit. Maybe the argument is right and the heavy lifting was in Razborov's work and subsequent extension and simplifications, and the fact that one can handle NOT gates at the bottom can be handled with an argument that is syntactically similar to previous work. Or, something goes wrong in the construction. Either way we will probably know soon.
Advertisements
Supporting Hillary Clinton is painful business. The candidate on Feb. 3 in Derry, New Hampshire. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
It was easier to write about Hillary Clinton when I hated her.
I spent much of the 2008 Democratic primary season furious at both Clinton and the second-wave feminists who tried to guilt young women into voting for her. In Barack Obama, I thought, America had the chance to elect a transcendent figure, a person who promised so much more than the relentless triangulation of Bill Clinton's disillusioning presidency. It was inexplicable to me that, presented with Obama, anyone could prefer Bill Clinton's wife. Mocking Obama's promise to unite the country, Hillary Clinton said then, “The skies will open, the light will come down, celestial choirs will be singing, and everyone will know we should do the right thing and the world will be perfect.” She didn't just fail to inspire—she seemed to sneer at the whole idea of inspiration.
I kept a mental list of every disappointing thing Hillary Clinton had ever done, from supporting welfare reform to voting for the Iraq war to co-sponsoring a Senate bill to ban flag-burning. I wrote article after article inveighing against the idea that Clinton was a feminist standard-bearer. In fact, I argued, she exemplified “a phenomenon seen in many developing and crisis-ridden countries: the great man's wife or daughter promising to continue his legacy.” I was livid when older feminists like Gloria Steinem, Robin Morgan, and Linda Hirshman denigrated the young feminists supporting Obama. “If feminism equaled supporting Hillary Clinton, I'm not the only one who wouldn't want anything to do with it,” I sniffed.
It is strange, then, to find myself, eight years later, not only rooting for Clinton, but feeling exasperated by her left-wing critics. I know their case against Clinton. I agree with a lot of it. I worry about what Clinton's many flaws would mean for a potential presidency. Now, however, watching her be rejected by young people swept up in an idealistic political movement, I feel sadness instead of glee.
Partly, this is because circumstances have changed. The Clinton of 2008 was running for her husband's third term, touting her record as first lady as a qualification. Since then, she's carved out a distinct record as secretary of state. She is running as a continuation of the Obama administration; the fact that she's married to Bill Clinton is almost immaterial.
Her message is different too. The last time she ran for president, she entrusted much of her strategy to the odious Mark Penn, who suggested she model herself on Margaret Thatcher, playing up her toughness. Voters don't want a “first mama,” he wrote, but are “open to the first father being a woman.” This time around, she is emphasizing feminism, putting paid leave and equal pay at the center of her campaign, even coming out against the ban on federal funding for poor women's abortions, long a political third rail. Watching her run as a champion of women's rights, I've started to get legitimately excited about the possibility of a female president.
Perhaps most significantly, Clinton is running against a very different opponent this time around. Barack Obama is an epochal political talent who promised to expand the Democratic coalition. Bernie Sanders is a mensch whose politics are more or less my own, but I'm convinced he'd be eviscerated in a general election. I know that the Sanders camp believes they can turn out people who've become alienated from the political process. As long as I've been following politics, it has been a left-wing fantasy that legions of disconnected non-voters will suddenly flood the polls if they're offered a sufficiently progressive candidate. I've never seen anything save wishful thinking to back it up.
Still, sometimes I'm tempted to feel the Bern. It certainly seems more fun to be on the side of political revolution than dour pragmatism. But I just can't make myself believe. That means I'm invested in Clinton, with all her many faults. And being invested in Clinton, it turns out, is excruciating.
Since the 2008 election, I've grown more understanding about why Clinton made some of the ugly compromises I once held against her. Last year, I wrote a cover story for the Nation about her sometimes vexed relationship with the left. Reading biographies of her and histories of her husband's administration, talking to people she worked with, and revisiting news stories from the 1990s, I was reminded that before she was excoriated as a sellout corporatist, she was excoriated as a feminist radical. She was widely seen as being to her husband's left, in a way that threatened his political viability. Time after time, under intense pressure, she would overcorrect, trying to convince a skeptical mainstream press that she was a sensible centrist. Eventually, her tendency toward triangulation became almost instinctive.
Since the '90s, of course, American politics have become far more polarized, and the Democrats have moved left. The result, for Clinton, is an almost tragic irony. She's now struggling to convince voters that she is the person she was once widely assumed to be. A more adroit politician might be able to do this, but that would require leveling with the electorate, and this Clinton cannot do.
I don't blame Clinton for building a carapace around her true self. There is no person in America who has been subject to such constant, withering public dissection. Tens of thousands of words have been devoted to sneering at her hairstyles. She's been jeered at for her laugh, her wrinkles, her ankles, her clothes. The entire planet knows that her husband cheated on her. The media proclaims, over and over again, that people simply don't like her (though she was recently voted the most admired woman in the world for a record 20th time). Of course she has trouble letting down her guard! Without an enormous capacity for self-protection, how would she have survived a level of public ridicule that would have driven any other woman insane?
Knowing that, however, doesn't change the fact that Clinton is not a very good politician. Whenever she's boxed in, she stonewalls or pivots to crude demagoguery. During a Democratic debate in November, she invoked 9/11 to justify her ties to Wall Street. Just last week, she tried to argue that she can't be part of the political establishment because she's a woman. She is refusing to release transcripts of her speeches to Goldman Sachs, even though it's hard to imagine that anything in them could be more politically damaging than her insistence on secrecy.
A more agile Democrat might be able to take a page from Donald Trump, and argue that it's precisely her experience with a corrupt system that positions her to change it. She could say she wants to appoint Supreme Court justices to overturn Citizens United, but while it stands she'll use all the tools available to fight for her political vision. She could give a speech about how, as a woman, she's often felt like an outsider even when she was at the very center of world power. She might describe what the glass ceiling looks like when you're right underneath it.
It's understandable that, after all she's been through, Clinton has a hard time being frank and open with voters. But it's still a problem, for her and for those of us who want her to win. Part of what's so frustrating about being a leftish Clinton supporter is that much of what her progressive critics say about her is true. She's a hawk. She spoke in favor of welfare reform during her husband's presidency. She believes Wall Street has a significant role to play in the economy. She's cautious and calculating.
There are other things about her that are also true. By most accounts, she accepted her husband's pursuit of welfare reform grudgingly, after her attempt to create a universal health insurance program was blamed for the disastrous 1994 midterms. Her overall voting record in the Senate was to the left of both Obama and Joe Biden. She's defied her billionaire backer Haim Saban to enthusiastically support Obama's nuclear deal with Iran. She has been a staunch, consistent defender of reproductive rights.
For a progressive, how you reconcile conflicting truths about Clinton depends, to some extent, on how much you empathize with her. Supporting Clinton means justifying the thousands of concessions she's made to the world as it is, rather than as we want it to be. Doing this is easier, I think, when you are older, and have made more concessions yourself. Indeed, sometimes it feels like to defend Clinton is to defend middle age itself, with all its attenuated expectations and reminders of the uselessness of hindsight.
Empathizing with Clinton, however, is a painful business. It means wincing along as she endures yet another round of public humiliation, another batch of stories about women's indifference to her feminist appeal, another explosion of punditry about her lack of charisma. It means being constantly reminded that people on the left as well as the right find aging women pathetic. It means watching the Sanders phenomenon, in most ways a hugely welcome renaissance of American socialism, with dread as well as delight. There was no shame for Clinton in losing to Obama. But the fact that she's fighting for her political life against Sanders, a man who initially joined the race more to make a statement than to contend for power, is a mortifying public rebuke.
There's no way to know how much of this rebuke is about Clinton the individual, and how much about Clinton the woman. Al Gore endured similar media derision over his inability to fake authenticity. He was scorned by progressives who were convinced that legions of non-voters were prepared to rally behind Ralph Nader. But the fact that Clinton is the first woman to have a conceivable chance of winning the presidency gives the contempt with which she is treated an extra sting. She's contorted herself so many times to meet the shifting demands our culture makes of women in public life. I understand why so many now see her as someone who can't be trusted. But I've also come to understand the forces that made her that way.
Read more of Slate's coverage of the 2016 campaign.
Hillary Rodham Clinton to appear in UB Distinguished Speakers Series
“From exploring the physics of our universe to learning through first-hand accounts of the struggle for civil rights and challenges of public service in our nation, this year's Distinguished Speaker Series offers a broad spectrum of topics that will inspire new ideas and spark meaningful conversations across the UB campus and our community.”
BUFFALO, N.Y. – Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will head a lineup of luminaries taking the stage at the University at Buffalo for its 2013-14 Distinguished Speakers Series.
The series, which will begin its 27th season this fall, also will feature popular author and physicist Michio Kaku, physician and television journalist Sanjay Gupta, civil rights leaders Myrlie Evers-Williams and Mary Frances Berry, “eclectic detective” Malcolm Gladwell and magician and endurance performer David Blaine.
All programs will begin at 8 p.m. in Alumni Arena or the Center for the Arts on the North Campus.
The award-winning speakers have written provocative and best-selling books; held important national office; spurred significant public discussion of science, law, medicine, social science and the humanities; and have been cited as being among the best in their respective fields.
“From exploring the physics of our universe to learning through first-hand accounts of the struggle for civil rights and challenges of public service in our nation, this year's Distinguished Speaker Series offers a broad spectrum of topics that will inspire new ideas and spark meaningful conversations across the UB campus and our community,” said UB President Satish K. Tripathi, PhD.
“The Distinguished Speaker Series for the upcoming academic year continues a long tradition of excellence by bringing in varying and truly global perspectives that will foster dialogue, debate and new ways of thinking about questions that impact us all. This year's DSS promises to deliver all this and more – including a little magic!”
Dennis Black, vice president for university life and services, praised the variety of speakers coming for the series.
“Science, politics, human rights struggles, health, the social sciences and illusion all will be featured in the Distinguished Speakers Series this year,” Black said.
“Once again, the lectures will offer our campus and the wider community unique opportunities to hear leaders in many fields and learn from their experiences. A key feature of the series remains exchange. The series offers not only a lecture platform, but an opportunity for audience exchange with speakers through questions and answers,” he said.
The speakers:
· Michio Kaku: Sept. 25, Alumni Arena. Theoretical physicist, futurist, author and Henry Semat Professor of Theoretical Physics at the City College of New York, Kaku is co-founder of string field theory and continues Einstein's search for a “Theory of Everything” that will unify the four fundamental forces of the universe.
A popularizer of science, Kaku is the author of the best-selling books “Physics of the Future,” “Physics of the Impossible,” “Parallel Worlds” and “Einstein's Cosmos.” He has appeared on television (Discovery, BBC, ABC, Science Channel and CNN, to name a few); written for popular science publications like Discover, Wired and New Scientist; been featured in documentaries like “Me & Isaac Newton”; and hosted many of his own shows, including BBC's “Time” series. Kaku also hosts the weekly radio programs “Science Fantastic” and “Explorations in Science,” both heard on stations across the country.
In addition, he is the author of several college-level textbooks and has had more than 70 articles published in physics journals, covering such topics as superstring theory, supergravity, supersymmetry and hadronic physics.
· Former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton: Oct. 23, Alumni Arena.
Hillary Rodham Clinton served as the 67th U.S. Secretary of State from 2009 until 2013, after nearly four decades in public service. Her "smart power" approach to foreign policy repositioned American diplomacy and development for the 21st century. Clinton played a central role in restoring America's standing in the world, reasserting the United States as a Pacific power, imposing crippling sanctions on Iran and North Korea, responding to the Arab Awakening and negotiating a ceasefire in the Middle East. Earlier, as First Lady and senator from New York, she traveled to more than 80 countries as a champion of human rights, democracy and opportunities for women and girls. Clinton also worked to provide health care to millions of children, create jobs and opportunity, and support first responders who risked their lives at Ground Zero. In her historic campaign for president, Clinton won 18 million votes.
· Malcolm Gladwell: Nov. 13, Alumni Arena. A staff writer for the New Yorker since 1996, Gladwell has been called one of the top 50 intellectual leaders of the decade. He has a notable gift for interpreting new ideas in the social sciences, grounding them in academic research and making that research understandable, practical and valuable to general audiences.
In his book “The Tipping Point: How Little things Can Make a Big Difference” – the 2013 UB Reads selection – he describes that magic moment when an idea, trend or social behavior crosses a threshold and spreads like wildfire.
He also is the author of “Blink: The Power of Thinking Without Thinking,” “Outliers: The Story of Success” and a collection of New Yorker stories, “What the Dog Saw and Other Adventures.”
In his latest book, “David and Goliath,” due out in October, he considers “hidden rules” that he claims shape the balance between the weak and the mighty, the powerful and the dispossessed. He takes the reader from the battlefields of Northern Ireland and Vietnam, through successful and unsuccessful classrooms, and into the minds of cancer researchers and civil rights leaders to demonstrate how fundamentally we misunderstand the meaning of advantage and disadvantage.
TIME Magazine named Gladwell one of its “100 Most Influential People” in 2005. He was chosen for Foreign Policy's “Top 100 Global Thinkers” (2010 and 2009), was ranked No. 10 on the 2011 “The Thinkers 50” list and Newsweek chose him as one of the “Top 10 New Thought Leaders of the Decade.”
· Mary Frances Berry and Myrlie Evers-Williams: Feb. 26, Center for the Arts. Berry and Evers-Williams will be featured as part of UB's 38th Annual Martin Luther King Jr. Commemoration Event.
Berry has been one of the most recognized and respected voices in our nation's fight for civil rights, gender equality and social justice through four presidential administrations. She served twice as chair of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission for many years – and famously sued Ronald Reagan when he tried to remove her – and as assistant secretary for education in the U.S. Department of Health, Education and Welfare. She is a co-founder of the Free South Africa Movement and was the first woman to head a major research university, the University of Colorado-Boulder.
Berry is the Geraldine R. Segal Professor of American Social Thought at the University of Pennsylvania, where she teaches history and law. She holds PhD and JD degrees, and many honorary degrees and awards, including a citation as one of “America's Women of the Century” from the National Women's Hall of Fame. Her recent books include “The Pig Farmer's Daughter and Other Tales of American Justice” and “Power in Words” (co-authored with J. Gottheimer).
Evers-Williams became a pivotal figure in the civil rights movement when her husband, noted civil rights activist Medgar Evers, was assassinated 50 years ago this month. She was the first female chair of the NAACP and founded the Medgar Evers Institute to promote education, training and economic development while exposing new generations of students to the cause for which her husband died. She was instrumental in launching “Youth for Unity,” a diversity education program designed to fight injustice and intolerance.
Her aim, she says, is to infuse today's young people with hope, tolerance and an understanding of the struggles our nation has faced. “If we can help them understand the past and encourage them to creatively address today's human rights challenges,” she says, “they will be in a much better position to help shape the future.”
Evers-Williams received the 2009 National Freedom Award from the National Civil Rights Museum and was named by Ebony magazine as one of the “100 Most Fascinating Black Women of the 20th Century.”
· Sanjay Gupta: March 26, Alumni Arena. A practicing neurosurgeon and chief medical correspondent for CNN, Gupta reports on health and medical news for several shows and documentaries, and anchors the medical affairs program “Sanjay Gupta, MD.”
Gupta's medical training and public health policy experience distinguish his reporting on such topics as brain injury, disaster recovery, health care reform, fitness, military medicine, HIV/AIDS and other areas.
His reports from areas devastated by disaster have brought clarity and human context to many situations. He received two Emmy awards for his reports on the earthquake in Haiti and contributed to the network's Peabody Award-winning coverage of the BP oil disaster and Hurricane Katrina.
Gupta is the author of several bestselling books, including “Chasing Life” and “Cheating Death.”
· David Blaine: April 26, Alumni Arena. A world-renowned magician and endurance artist, Blaine presents high-profile feats of endurance during which he has set and broken several world records. He also is known as a performer of street and close-up magic
Blaine's endurance performances have included being encased inside a 6-ton block of ice for three days and nights, standing atop a 100-foot-tall pillar for 36 hours without a safety net, and spending a week submerged in an aquarium. Live on “The Oprah Winfrey Show,” he held his breath for 17 minutes and 4 seconds, breaking the world record. He will perform a similar feat during his appearance at UB.
At 23, Blaine created, directed and produced “Street Magic,” an original TV program that revolutionized the way magic is depicted on television. Penn of Penn & Teller called “Street Magic” “the best TV magic special ever done” and “the biggest breakthrough in our lifetime.” The New York Times said Blaine “has taken a craft that's been around for hundreds of years and done something unique and fresh with it.”
Blaine has produced many primetime specials and has performed magic privately for world leaders – and even alongside Michael Jackson during a Super Bowl halftime show. He is the author of “Mysterious Stranger: A Book of Magic” and is known for his many charity performances.
Distinguished Speakers Series subscriptions orders can be placed beginning July 10. Purchase options and instructions (downloadable forms, box office and online purchase) will be available at that time on the series' website: buffalo.edu/dss.
Tickets for individual lectures will go on sale Aug. 1.
For more information on the speakers, subscription and ticket prices, and sponsors, visit the series' website: buffalo.edu/dss.
The series continues to benefit from the vital support of the program's presenting sponsor, the Donald L. Davis Lectureship Fund, and the undergraduate Student Association (SA), which is the exclusive series sponsor for the 18th consecutive year.
Patrick Lucey "Pat" McGeer, OC, OBC, FRSC (born June 29, 1927), is a Canadian physician, professor and medical researcher. He is regarded as a leading authority on the causes and prevention of Alzheimer's disease and is the principal author of the inflammatory hypothesis of the disease,[1] which holds that Alzheimer's is an inflammation of the cortex. Formerly, he was a Canadian basketball player who competed in the 1948 Summer Olympics,[2] a politician who represented the constituency of Vancouver-Point Grey in the British Columbia legislature from 1962 to 1986, and a member of the British Columbia cabinet from 1976 to 1986. In 1995, he and his wife Edith were inducted as Officers of the Order of Canada. In 2002 they were jointly inducted as Fellows of the Royal Society of Canada, and in 2005 they were jointly inducted into the Order of British Columbia.
Aurin Biotech [ edit ]
In August 2012, McGeer and his wife Edith founded Aurin Biotech Inc., following indications that the Aurintricarboxylic acid (ATA) complex inhibit activation of the Complement system. Since activation of the complement system is implicated in a number of diseases (see Complement system#Role in Disease), these indications suggested that ATA could be an effective treatment for these diseases. Aurin[3] was founded to explore the efficacy of using ATA and related compounds in the treatment of these diseases. The particular focus is on diseases that are caused or exacerbated by aberrant complement activation. Low molecular weight components of the aurintricarboxylic acid complex have been shown to be non-toxic and orally effective.
(CNN) A Texas doctor has apologized for what he calls mistakes for how his hospital handled Ebola as schools close out of fear that they're vulnerable to the virus. Also on Thursday, officials are considering ordering that 76 hospital workers who treated an Ebola patient be ordered not to board airplanes.
The director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says a second nurse who tested positive for Ebola, who flew a day before it was known that she might be suffering from the virus, should not have been cleared to fly.
She reported to the agency that she had a fever, she said, but was told she could go ahead and continue her travel. Now 132 passengers on her flight are wondering if they were exposed.
As the list of missteps grow, here's the latest on Ebola in the United States:
Hospital official: 'We are deeply sorry'
The Texas hospital where an Ebola patient died and two nurses became infected is apologizing for mistakes made when first confronted with the deadly virus.
Nina Pham, the first nurse infected, will be transferred to a National Institutes of Health facility in Maryland, according to two sources familiar with the situation. She is now being cared for in Dallas at the same hospital where she worked and where she contracted the virus from a patient she treated, Thomas Eric Duncan.
Duncan had traveled from Liberia to Texas in September. He died of the virus at the hospital in early October. "Unfortunately, in our initial treatment of Mr. Duncan, despite our best intentions and a highly skilled medical team, we made mistakes," Varga, the chief clinical officer for Texas Health Services, said in written testimony to the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
"We did not correctly diagnose his symptoms as those of Ebola. We are deeply sorry."
Days after Duncan returned to the hospital, he died from the virus.
But Varga did outline a timeline of the hospital's preparation, saying hospital staffers were given guidance on looking for Ebola symptoms several times over the summer.
He said the hospital has made several policy changes, such as updating the emergency department screening process to include a patient's travel history and increasing training for staffers.
CDC might ground Texas hospital workers
The federal government is weighing putting those who treated Duncan on a list that would prohibit them from being able to fly, an official familiar with the situation told CNN.
The official also said the CDC is considering lowering the fever threshold that would be considered a possible sign of Ebola. The current threshold is 100.4 degrees Fahrenheit.
The idea came after news that Amber Vinson, a nurse who cared for Duncan, flew home from Cleveland to Dallas after reporting a fever.
Vinson called the CDC to report an elevated temperature of 99.5 Fahrenheit. She informed the agency that she was getting on a plane, a federal official told CNN, but she wasn't told to stay grounded.
CDC Director Tom Frieden said Vinson shouldn't have flown because she helped care for Duncan, and because another health worker who cared for him had already been diagnosed with the virus.
He said there's an "extremely low" risk to anyone else on that plane, but the agency is reaching out to everyone on the flight as part of "extra margins of safety."
Vinson, 29, is now being treated at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, which has successfully treated two other Ebola patients and has not had any employees infected.
Staffing issues at the Texas hospital led to the decision to transfer Vinson to Emory, a federal official told CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta.
"What we're hearing is that they are worried about staffing issues and a possible walkout of nurses," the official said.
Hospital employees can quarantine themselves
With two of its own nurses infected with Ebola, Texas Health Presbyterian said it will allow any concerned employee to have a hospital room.
"Texas Health Dallas is offering a room to any of our impacted employees who would like to stay here to avoid even the remote possibility of any potential exposure to family, friends and the broader public," the hospital said in a statement.
"We are doing this for our employees' peace of mind and comfort. This is not a medical recommendation. We will make available to our employees who treated Mr. Duncan a room in a separate part of the hospital throughout their monitoring period."
Several Texas and Ohio schools close
News of Vinson's travel on a Frontier Airlines plane led to school closures in two states.
In Texas, a few schools in the Belton Independent School District are closed Thursday because two students were on the same flight as Vinson from Cleveland to Dallas -- Frontier Airlines Flight 1143, the superintendent said.
And in Ohio, two schools in the Solon School District in suburban Cleveland are closed Thursday because a staffer "traveled home from Dallas on Frontier Airlines Tuesday on a different flight, but perhaps the same aircraft" as Vinson, the school district said in a statement.
"Although we believe what the science community and public health officials are telling us about the low risk of possible transmission of the virus through indirect contact, we are nonetheless taking the unusual step of closing the dual school building for Thursday so that we can have the schools cleaned and disinfected," the statement said.
Frontier Airlines grounds 6 crew members
The school districts aren't the only ones concerned about Vinson's travels.
Frontier Airlines placed six crew members on paid leave for 21 days "out of an abundance of caution," CEO David Siegel wrote in a letter to employees.
The airline also removed the plane's seat covers and carpet near where the infected passenger sat, even though it had not been asked to by the CDC, Siegel said.
Hospital fires back after claims
After scathing allegations by a nurses' union , a Texas Health Presbyterian spokeswoman said several of the claims were not true.
National Nurses United, citing interviews with nurses at the hospital, said Duncan was "left for several hours, not in isolation, in an area where other patients were present" during his second visit to the hospital.
But hospital spokeswoman Candace White said Duncan "was moved directly to a private room and placed in isolation" during his second visit.
And after the union claimed "there was no one to pick up hazardous waste as it piled to the ceiling," White said the waste was "well-contained in accordance with standards, and it was located in safe and containable locations."
Guests: Susan Orlean
New to The Turnaround? Subscribe in Apple Podcasts or with your favorite podcatcher to make sure you automatically get two new interviews a week through August 18th.
Susan Orlean has been a journalist for over 30 years, writing for publications like The Rolling Stone and Vogue. In 1992 she was made a staff writer at The New Yorker and has been contributing ever since. She has also written eight books. One of them, The Orchid Thief, was the basis of Adaptation, Charlie Kaufman's 2002 film starring Nicholas Cage and Meryl Streep.
Susan talks to Jesse about how some of her best pieces start as one thing and end up as another, especially once she begins talking to living, breathing human beings. She did just that in her 1994 piece about disgraced figure skater Tonya Harding, which she wrote by talking to locals in Harding's hometown of Clackamas, Oregon. She also shares about her experiences interviewing celebrities, including the valuable lesson she learned when profiling Tom Hanks for Rolling Stone.
Visit Susan Orlean's website to learn more about her work, including the many articles and books she's written.
The Turnaround is a production of Maximum Fun in partnership with the Columbia Journalism Review. Visit their website to learn more about their "mission to encourage excellence in journalism in the service of a free society," and to read edited transcripts of our other Turnaround episodes.
Hosted and created by Jesse Thorn
Produced by Kara Hart and Nick Liao
Senior Producer: Laura Swisher
Managing Director: Bikram Chatterji
Music for The Turnaround provided by Mobius Van ChocStraw.
Special thanks to Kyle Pope and his team at CJR, Darrel Frost, and Emilie Erskine.
Bug Labs was set up in Verizon's booth with its BUGbundle Starter and Pro (pictured) sets, priced at $850 and $1,500, respectively -- not cheap by any stretch, but you get the base plus a bunch of modules that'll help kickstart the development of the frankendevice of your dreams. The bundles include 3G Verizon dongles that connect via a USB module, though dedicated 3G modules are also available that don't necessitate the dongle -- it hangs out a bit beyond the end of the base, so it'd probably tend to get banged up if you carried it around much. Semmelhack pointed out that Verizon doesn't currently offer an LTE MiFi ( though that's about to change ), so he crafted one of his own in just hours using a BUGbase, a USB module, and one of the carrier's existing LTE dongles -- and he was using it at his kiosk. Awesome.Semmelhack also previewed a new service for us -- BUGswarm -- that aggregates information about all the networked BUGbases you have in your possession. Turns out that every base and module has web services that can be queried to report information -- a camera module can be queried to report back a live picture, for example -- and BUGswarm lists out every base you've got along with every module that's attached to it; just click one of them to get the data out of it. If you're using some assembled BUGbases as a network of air quality sensors, for example, the service makes it easy to get a birds'-eye view of the whole shebang from one URL. Check out the video up there for the whole setup in action!Additional reporting by Myriam Joire and Ross Miller
Credit: Madefire
Comic books are coming to virtual reality, as motion comics publisher Madefire has launched an app for the newly-released Samsung Gear VR from Oculus. Expanding on the company's proprietary Motion Books platform, these comic books have motion, sound, and now 3-D, 360-degree environments. The Motion Books available at launch are IDW's Revolution, Framestore's Somnia: Origins, DC's Injustice: Year One, and Madefire's own Mono: The Old Curiosity Shop.
Check out this preview video:
“Comics are such a powerful storytelling format," said Madefire CEO/Co-Founder Ben Wolstenholme. "People learn to read through comics; people are transported to other worlds through comics. Comics are words-and-pictures, perfect for storytelling in virtual reality."
This coincides with Madefire's announcement that it had received $6.5m in Series B investment funding from actor Kevin Spacey, musician Drake, and strategic investors True Ventures, Big Loud Capital, Anthem Ventures, and Framestore Ventures.
Kathy Griffin says she is in the middle of a “Hollywood blacklist” after taking a photo holding a fake severed head that resembled President Donald Trump.
The comedian is currently on a world standup tour. She says in a YouTube video that when she returns to the U.S. she doesn't have “one single day of paid work” scheduled. She says she doesn't want to do free shows or work small clubs and thinks she should be able to get her life back.
Griffin says the Trump photo “offended a lot of people,” but added: “this wall of crap has never fallen on any woman in the history of America like it has on me.”
Griffin initially apologized for the photo published in May before saying she was no longer sorry over the summer.
Hi I'm Tim Jung, the newest volunteer of team Desura, and I've taken up the role as the "Linux Games Lead".
Posted by Protektor on Aug 22nd, 2011
Hi I'm Tim Jung, the newest volunteer of team Desura, and I've taken up the role as the "Linux Games Lead". What this means is that I'll be the main person responsible for getting Linux games listed on Desura, and working with the developer/publishers to keep those games updated. With the Desura Linux client being released soon, it's going to be very interesting to see which community requested features will be implemented, and how it affects the Linux gaming community.
A little background about me:
Having used computers since 1978, it was amazing to stumble across Linux around 1994 or so. I fell in love with the idea of a Unix like system that could run on my desktop computer. Linux has come a long way since then, and so has the Linux gaming community. Lately, I have been playing Steel Storm: Burning Retribution, a great indie game. Games like this are what Desura focuses on and I'm looking forward to helping Desura become a top place for indie developers to showcase their Linux friendly games. It won't just be indie games though, as there are plans to carry all the entertaining and fun Linux games we can get our hands on.
I'm going to be putting quite a bit of work into the catalog prior to the beta launch. If there are specific Linux games that you would like to see let me know by PM and I will work on adding them to Desura.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
This weekend at the MTV Movie Awards, dozens of awards were given out to people whose names I didn't recognize. I've never been a big MTV Movie Awards aficionado or anything, but seriously, I have no idea who these people are anymore. They're all in singing vampire movies, right? Singing vampire movies about abstinence, right? And people watch that? Kids these days are idiots. Gimme Kevin Bacon anger-dancing through an old factory any day. There were a couple people older than 20 at the awards however, and they did interact with each other in a testactular fashion. Bruno, a fashionista with comedic mannerisms (i.e. super-gay) played by Sacha Baron Cohen, entered the theater swooping through the air on a harness. Notably, he was wearing wings and something which I'm going to go ahead and describe as a bedazzled jock strap. Mid-flight he hit some technical difficulties, and descended head first into the lap of Eminem, famous for his talky-songs about berating women. This arrangement of bodies had the remarkable effect of positioning Bruno's cock, balls and ass right in the face of the rapper, who appeared to be dissatisfied with the arrangement.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
As a comedy writer I have text files littered all over my computer, half written bits and ideas from my years working the dick-joke-beat. And like most normal and healthy young men, I also have a fascination with putting my balls on popular rap artists. So upon hearing this news I realized that years ago I had written up a list of different ways one could put their testicles on Eminem, something I had originally intended to put up on my Geocities page, under my pen name at the time "~Dongwriter32" After cleaning it up a bit and removing the ones that could get me on various no-fly lists, I proudly present to you a list of methods for how to get your balls on Eminem. Hopefully you find it enjoyable, and maybe even useful, perhaps if you're a really big Eminem fan or someone with a particularly complicated bucket list. Ladies, I know this article is biased towards male readers, but hope you enjoy it just the same. If you wish to participate, I've sourced the following supply of artificial balls you can make use of.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Or, tune in next week for my unisex article "How to Cover Rachel Ray with Ants." __Wait for a powerful wind storm in Eminem's neighborhood. When a tree branch takes out the power lines, sneak into Eminem's house and place your balls where he normally keeps his flashlight. __ Invite Eminem to a boy-girl party. During a game of spin the bottle, wait for Eminem to win seven minutes in heaven with a girl. When they enter the closet and turn out the lights, they are shocked to find you concealed in a poncho now hiked up to your waist, hastily placing your balls on Eminem. __ You're a successful dentist, who wants to give up the daily grind and place your balls on Eminem. Wait for the multi-platinum selling artist to avail himself of your services, ask him to sit in the dentist's chair, and tilt it all the way back. Place your balls on Eminem. __ With the help of a colleague, who is a deceitful tour guide, you have lured Eminem into a Turkish bath. Before he realizes that this is not in fact an Olive Garden, you appear in a cloud of steam to place your balls on Eminem, before disappearing just as quickly into the haze. __ Seeking the natural rush of adrenaline, Eminem signs up for sky-diving instruction at the school where you teach. During his first jump, Eminem will be strapped to your chest in the tandem jump position. At the designated height, ask Eminem to pull the ripcord attached to the harness. This ripcord will release your specially designed pants, freeing your balls, which can now be placed on Eminem. When he begins to panic, calm him down and pull the real ripcord, deploying the parachute. If he complains after you land safely, soothe him by explaining that he made a common beginners mistake. __ While visiting your firehall during the filming of a music video, Eminem asks to use the firepole. Descending in a reasonable manner, he gets mired at the bottom in the crash pad, which is suspiciously softer than normal. As he works to free his feet, he is unconcerned about the possibility of a pantsless fireman descending upon him balls first, which, sadly, is happening with great speed. __ NASA has aircraft which, when flown in parabolic arcs, simulate low-gravity environments. For a price, these planes can be made available to VIPs or Eminem. When Eminem eventually signs up for such an experience, during the first few simulations he will have a hard time adjusting to the environment, and will rely heavily on the crew's actions to keep him safe. If the crew wishes to place their balls on Eminem, little can be done to stop this. __
__ A malfunction at the theme park has left a roller coaster stuck on the tracks. It's in an nonthreatening position however, stuck on the initial incline, so the maintenance staff are in no great rush to free it. But what's this? Someone has freed themselves from the safety latch on their seat and is standing up! Tear away pants flutter to the ground below as the crowd gapes in shock.the local headlines will scream tonight. __ While at the park enjoying a picnic or drug deal, Eminem pauses to seek shelter from the sun under a leafy oak tree. You, disguised as an owl, lower your hindquarters from the branches above. Ever so gingerly you put your balls on Eminem, gently cooing "Hooooooooo. Hoooooooo," to maintain your disguise. __ Eminem is attending his community's annual autumn festival. Begged to take part in the apple bob by his children, Eminem reluctantly agrees. What he doesn't know is that you have taken an apple, hollowed it out, and used it to conceal your penis, which is now angled towards the water surface from underneath where you lie concealed with a snorkel. Your balls thwack once, twice, three times on Eminem's chin before he realizes something untoward has happened. Before he can escape, you latch on to his torso with your legs, pinning your balls to his face for another five seconds before he can struggle free. A major victory. __ Your cousin has landed a position of great responsibility at the water park, where he is responsible for ensuring children are adequately spaced out when descending the water slide. Eminem, enjoying a day of sunshine, approaches the top of the water slide and after a short wait is permitted to go down. You, concealed nearby and covered in butter, sprint after him and down the slide. You easily catch him, and stradle his head for the next 25 slippery seconds while you sing songs from the Little Mermaid. __ Maybe just ask him nicely? Like make it into a little rap:
Check it - got much respect guy Wootcha wootcha wootcha let me drop my nuts on yo thigh? __ Eminem pops into your sporting goods store intent on getting an new, extremely boss looking ball cap. You agree to help him on his quest, and also promise with the utmost sincerity that you will not place your balls on him. The promise sets him on edge initially, but he soon forgets it. After a long search, he finally finds the perfect hat. He purchases it and thanks you profusely.
More Blogs
Eminem raves to all that will listen about your incredible hat and buys many more over the next few months. Your business develops a roaring trade with other celebrities. Meanwhile, a slow acting poison secreted within the hatband of the hat eventually sends Eminem into a deep coma. As a close friend of the singer you visit him regularly in the hospital, placing your balls on him at your leisure, sometimes with tiny costumes. __
Ark: Survival Evolved's developer, Studio Wildcard, is being sued by Trendy Entertainment, developer of Dungeon Defenders, over allegations of breach of contract by a former employee of the latter.
A rather exhaustive investigation has been put together over on Kotaku, but the main points being made are that Trendy alleges Jeremy Stieglitz, former game designer at the studio, went against his contract in soliciting Trendy employees, and that it has had a negative impact on Trendy as a whole, with the studio's Dungeon Defenders up against Ark both in terms of players and development talent.
The gist of the complaint alleges that Stieglitz solicited employees for work on a new project outside of the studio, thus violating his non-compete clause. Said allegations point to the set up of Studio Wildcard and eventual development of Ark: Survival Evolved.
The allegations also put Stieglitz as a core figure in Wildcard and Ark's development – a position denied by the studio's employees, who have only gone so far as to say he ‘consulted' on Ark.
Wildcard hasn't, at the time of writing, filed its response – but its lawyers have released a statement reading thusly:
“Trendy's Complaint reads more like a salacious tabloid story than a short and plain statement of the ultimate facts allegedly showing Trendy's entitlement to relief, as required by the Florida Rules of Civil Procedure. Many of the allegations are disparaging and included simply to be provocative. They are irrelevant, immaterial, impertinent, and scandalous. As such, these allegations should be stricken.”
There's a lot going on over there, and litigation is still ongoing. It's definitely one to keep an eye on – especially if Trendy's move to place an injunction on Wildcard's operations would mean Ark's potential suspension/removal from sale and active development.
Grocery workers in California see wages shrink Study cites trend of major chains in state to return cash to investors
Joanna Lopez rests her eyes as her son Isaac eats his breakfast in Hayward, Calif. on Thursday, June 5, 2014. Lopez has difficulty making ends meet while only making $9.20 an hour at Wal-Mart. Joanna Lopez rests her eyes as her son Isaac eats his breakfast in Hayward, Calif. on Thursday, June 5, 2014. Lopez has difficulty making ends meet while only making $9.20 an hour at Wal-Mart. Photo: James Tensuan, The Chronicle Photo: James Tensuan, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 12 Caption Close Grocery workers in California see wages shrink 1 / 12 Back to Gallery
A new look at California's $98 billion grocery industry shows it is a microcosm of the state's wealth inequality gap.
While a private-equity firm is buying Safeway for $9 billion, 1 in 3 grocery workers is on some form of public assistance. While grocery chains are cash machines for investors, nearly 1 in 5 workers has cut back on meals because he or she couldn't afford to buy food.
Those are some of the results from one of the largest surveys of California's 383,900-member grocery workforce, scheduled to be released Monday. Conducted by the Food Labor Research Center at UC Berkeley and UC Davis Professor Chris Benner, the study, based on interviews with 925 grocery workers statewide, shows how much has changed in an industry that long promised stable, middle-class jobs.
These days, the 124-page report found, "workers who sell food in California are almost twice as likely as the general population to not be able to afford to eat the food they sell." This new generation of low-wage grocery workers uses $662 million worth of public assistance benefits annually, according to the report.
"A generation ago, these were entry-level jobs where you could work your way up," said Jim Araby, executive director of the United Food and Commercial Workers Western States Council in Oakland, which has 160,000 members in California and commissioned the study. "But these days, people's ability to do that is shrinking."
Now, Araby said, he is seeing more grocery workers like Joanna Lopez. She is a 26-year-old single mother of two who has worked for three years at Walmart, which has roughly 3 percent of California's grocery business.
Food stamps
Though the Hayward resident has worked in the grocery section for a year, she receives food stamps. At least once a month, she goes to a food bank because she can't cover expenses with her wages of $9.20 an hour.
"I try not to cut back on food for my kids," Lopez said. "If I have to, I let the phone get cut off. Or I don't put gas in my car."
Sometimes, to save gas money, she asks her dad, a retired truck driver, or her mom, who works in a nearby sugar warehouse, for a ride to work. Lopez couldn't survive if she didn't live with her parents, who care for her children while she works. She said her children's father is not in the picture.
With the help of a federal education grant, she is taking animation classes at Academy of Art University in San Francisco. She said she dreams of someday "working at Pixar or Disney."
Perhaps in an earlier era, Lopez could have envisioned a lifelong career path in the grocery business. But now, because of increasing competition from big-box stores like Target and Walmart and nonunion ethnic markets like El Super, wages have fallen and the average worker remains at his current job for 1 3/4 years, according to the study.
From 2000 to 2012, the study found that the median wage at a union grocery store decreased from $19.38 to $15.17 an hour. Roughly 1 in 4 of California's grocery workers belongs to a union.
Often, union leader Araby said, during contract negotiations, retailers will point to market pressure from big-box stores, which can sell food at lower prices because they don't pay as well. But Saru Jayaraman, director of the Food Labor Research Center at UC Berkeley and a primary author of the report, said that pressure is overblown.
Walmart and Target have just slivers of California's grocery market, "but other companies look at that (low-cost) model and use it as an excuse in bargaining to drive down wages," Jayaraman said.
Meanwhile, the report lauds Costco, which has captured the largest share (13.3 percent) of California's grocery business while paying workers above the norm.
"What it says to me is that they have discovered that it is possible to compete - and treat your workers well," said Benner, a professor of community and regional development at UC Davis. "The ability to have a low-turnover, higher-skilled workforce actually works in the labor market. The argument that says you have to compete on low wages is wrong."
Chains chided
The report chides California's larger grocery chains - particularly Safeway and Albertsons/Supervalu - for directing a majority of cash back to investors rather than back to the workforce.
Industry analysts say that shouldn't be surprising.
"The investors don't want them to start passing out money like it's a charity," said David Livingston, a Wisconsin grocery industry analyst who has monitored the business for 32 years. "This is not a co-op. These are not nonprofit businesses. They're here to make money."
Livingston says the looming specter of private-equity firm Cerberus Capital Management, which owns Albertsons/Supervalu, purchasing Safeway for $9.4 billion doesn't bode well for workers or shoppers.
"They're looking to milk the cash flow," said Livingston, who was not involved in the study. "They're not buying them to make Safeway a better grocery experience. It's just the opposite. Their obligation is to their investors - and that's to milk the cash flow and cut the expenses. So life is going to be a little more uncomfortable for employees and customers."
Safeway spokeswoman Teena Massingill said the Cerberus deal would benefit those on both sides of the checkout counter at Safeway and Albertsons.
"The merger creates a considerably larger network of stores and distribution centers that, through cost savings and operational efficiencies, will improve our ability to compete by providing customers with lower prices, a better product assortment and an improved shopping experience," she said.
So what's going down in your returning episode?
Well, basically Weston comes back about four days after the beating, so he's still very physically affected, and we see it on him. There's still cuts, bruises, scars. He's still physically in pain and affected by that. He's also emotionally and psychologically affected by it, and we see that in his social interaction with the team and also with the followers. Emotionally, I think he probably wasn't ready to come back, but I think he was as frustrated as the rest of the FBI at this point. We are getting so close and yet Joe Carroll is always a step ahead, and I think he doesn't want to waste time. He probably could have spent three or four more days resting, but he was like "I need to get back to the case; we need to get to the bottom of this." I think there's a certain aspect of revenge there. It's consuming him, and I think what's really fun about what happens to Weston is that we sort of see in a mirror how Ryan Hardy (Kevin Bacon) got to be the way he is. Over the season, Weston is affected by the violence that he sees, and now the violence has been inflicted on him. I think we get to see how Ryan got to be the way he is, by what's happening to Weston. So I think it's a complete parallel and we experience a lot of that.
Reports indicate that Hezbollah recently expanded its actions in Syria to include its most valued resource — its highly trained and strategically irreplaceable special forces units. Hezbollah's secretive military wing is reportedly composed of 2,000 to 4,000 professional soldiers and thousands of reservists hailing from Shiite villages south of the Litani river and the Bekaa Valley, meant to be called into action to repel a future Israeli invasion. During the 2006 conflict with Israel, the loss of roughly one quarter of Hezbollah's special forces was assumed to constitute the group's most severe setback.
Varying reports from Syria suggest that the direct participation of these special forces units in combat zones nationwide has increased, and additional forces may be on the way. Secret contingency plans reportedly agreed upon at the highest levels of the Syrian government and Hezbollah indicate that Hezbollah had reportedly agreed to commit thousands of its most elite soldiers to defend the Assad regime, either from a “foreign invasion” or in the event that “urgent assistance” was needed.
With Syrian rebels consolidating their gains in outlying areas of Aleppo and Damascus, there are indications that Nasrallah has already begun to make good on his pledge. Earlier this month, a Saudi newspaper reported that four Hezbollah units, each consisting of 1,300 fighters, had been dispatched to assist the Syrian military in major cities, while the group's elite 901 commando unit has reportedly been fighting in the Homs area since July. Most recently, Hezbollah's reported deployments near Syrian chemical weapons facilities has spurred the Israeli government to threaten military intervention as a response to any potential attempt to transfer those weapons into Hezbollah bunkers in Lebanon.
Whether these moves were meant to protect these key facilities from sensitive sites or transfer their deadly materials, the deployment nonetheless testifies to the reality that these foreign Shiite militiamen have become one of Assad's most trusted fighting units.
Militarily and politically, Hezbollah has much at stake in the Syrian conflict, but it is risking even more by attempting to save a pariah regime that may not be savable. The group has incurred hundreds of losses against Syrian rebels, including its valued special forces. Hezbollah cannot outmatch rebel manpower, and will need to commit its best fighters and most sophisticated equipment to cut rebel supply lines in the hopes of hindering a Damascus invasion force from gaining traction.
METRO VANCOUVER -- A non-profit agency running a women's shelter in Richmond says its innovative model can save neighbourhoods from the blight of vacant homes while putting a roof over the heads of those in need.
Over the last two years, Chimo Community Services has taken 19 women fleeing domestic violence or men living on the streets and found them short-term rentals at four houses slated for demolition. Two developers have offered up homes that can be lived in for at least six months, sometimes longer than a year, while the city processes their applications to rezone and build townhomes on the properties.
The idea was first sprung at the start of last year when Balandra Development's owner Clive Alladin told Chimo outreach worker Neena Randhawa about the five-bedroom house that was about to sit empty for the next year.
At the time, Randhawa was trying to move an Urdu-speaking woman and her four kids out of Chimo Community Services' Nova House shelter, which only has 10 short-term beds for women and their children.
“We had a really hard time finding a basement suite for four kids — and Richmond's very, very expensive,” Randhawa recalls. “For someone who's low income and on income assistance, they only get $375 for their shelter portion — there's no way you're going to find anything in Richmond for that amount.
“She was in tears. Because the kids went to school in Richmond, we didn't want to uproot her from her community and the support system she's already involved in and then send her all the way to Langley or Port Coquitlam or something like that.”
With a free place to stay for the next year, the woman was able to learn to drive, apply for disability benefits and eventually secure more permanent social housing for herself and her four kids, who are all under the age of 12. A second home donated by Alladin housed six homeless women for six months, during which time Randhawa and Chimo helped them deal with their various issues.
“For you and me, six months we go, ‘What? Six months? That's not enough.' But for someone on the street or sleeping in their car, six months is a lot of time,” Randhawa says. “It's just that with comfort their mental health became stable.
“They were able to get things in place, have a bank account, they were able to save sometimes.”
Alladin says he usually has one or two homes sitting empty as he waits for city rezoning permits to tear them down and build larger townhomes. During this time developers have to worry about “headaches” like maintaining the lawn, securing the property from squatters and keeping a constant eye out for vandals.
It's a “travesty” and “a waste of an excellent resource” to have homes like his sit empty, while having tenants during this period are a “no-brainer,” he says.
“These buildings can be used right up until the time they need to be demolished,” Alladin says. “It's a no brainer — there's a need and there's a facility — all you need to do is put them together.”
September 03, 2015
nullprogram.com/blog/2015/09/03/
Last month I assembled and edited Shamus Young's Twenty-Sided Tale, originally a series of 84 blog articles, into an e-book. The book is 75,000 words — about the average length of a novel — recording the complete story of one of Shamus' Dungeons and Dragons campaigns. Since he's shared the e-book on his blog, I'm now free to pull back the curtain on this little project.
To build the book yourself, you will only need to make and pandoc .
Why did I want this?
Ever since I got a tablet a couple years ago, I've completely switched over to e-books. Prior to the tablet, if there was an e-book I wanted to read, I'd have to read from a computer monitor while sitting at a desk. Anyone who's tried it can tell you it's not a comfortable way to read for long periods, so I only reserved the effort for e-book-only books that were really worth it. However, once comfortable with the tablet, I gave away nearly all my paper books from my bookshelves at home. The remaining use of paper books is because either an e-book version isn't reasonably available or the book is very graphical, not suited to read/view on a screen (full image astronomy books, Calvin and Hobbes collections).
As far as formats go, I prefer PDF and ePub, depending on the contents of the book. Technical books fare better as PDFs due to elaborate typesetting used for diagrams and code samples. For prose-oriented content, particularly fiction, ePub is the better format due to its flexibility and looseness. Twenty-Sided Tale falls in this latter category. The reader gets to decide the font, size, color, contrast, and word wrapping. I kept the ePub's CSS to a bare minimum as to not get in the reader's way. Unfortunately I've found that most ePub readers are awful at rendering content, so while technically you could do the same fancy typesetting with ePub, it rarely works out well.
The Process
To start, I spent about 8 hours with Emacs manually converting each article into Markdown and concatenating them into a single document. The ePub is generated from the Markdown using the Pandoc “universal document converter.” The markup includes some HTML, because Markdown alone, even Pandoc's flavor, isn't expressive enough for the typesetting needs of this particular book. This means it can only reasonably be transformed into HTML-based formats.
Pandoc isn't good enough for some kinds of publishing, but it was sufficient here. The one feature I really wished it had was support for tagging arbitrary document elements with CSS classes (images, paragraphs, blockquotes, etc.), effectively extending Markdown's syntax. Currently only headings support extra attributes. Such a feature would have allowed me to bypass all use of HTML, and the classes could maybe have been re-used in other output formats, like LaTeX.
Once I got the book in a comfortable format, I spent another 1.5 weeks combing through the book fixing up punctuation, spelling, grammar, and, in some cases, wording. It was my first time editing a book — fiction in particular — and in many cases I wasn't sure of the correct way to punctuate and capitalize some particular expression. Is “Foreman” capitalized when talking about a particular foreman? What about “Queen?” How are quoted questions punctuated when the sentence continues beyond the quotes? As an official source on the matter, I consulted the Chicago Manual of Style. The first edition is free online. It's from 1906, but style really hasn't changed too much over the past century!
The original articles were written over a period of three years. Understandably, Shamus forgot how some of the story's proper names were spelled over this time period. There wasn't a wiki to check. Some proper names had two, three, or even four different spellings. Sometimes I picked the most common usage, sometimes the first usage, and sometimes I had to read the article's comments written by the game's players to see how they spelled their own proper names.
I also sunk time into a stylesheet for a straight HTML version of the book, with the images embedded within the HTML document itself. This will be one of the two outputs if you build the book in the repository.
A Process to Improve
Now I've got a tidy, standalone e-book version of one of my favorite online stories. When I want to re-read it again in the future, it will be as comfortable as reading any other novel.
This has been a wonderful research project into a new domain (for me): writing and editing, style, and today's tooling for writing and editing. As a software developer, the latter overlaps my expertise and is particularly fascinating. A note to entrepreneurs: There's massive room for improvement in this area. Compared software development, the processes in place today for professional writing and editing is, by my estimates, about 20 years behind. It's a place where Microsoft Word is still the industry standard. Few authors and editors are using source control or leveraging the powerful tools available for creating and manipulating their writing.
Unfortunately it's not so much a technical problem as it is a social/educational one. The tools mostly exist in one form or another, but they're not being put to use. Even if an author or editor learns or builds a more powerful set of tools, they must still interoperate with people who do not. Looking at it optimistically, this is a potential door into the industry for myself: a computer whiz editor who doesn't require Word-formatted manuscripts; who can make the computer reliably and quickly perform the tedious work. Or maybe that idea only works in fiction.
Two top House Republicans on Wednesday sent a letter to the Justice Department inspector general, urging the agency watchdog to investigate leaks about communications between aides to President Donald Trump and Russian officials.
“We have serious concerns about the potential inadequate protection of classified information here,” wrote Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT), chair of the Oversight Committee, and Rep. Bob Goodlatte (R-VA), chair of the Judiciary Committee. “In light of this, we request that your office begin an immediate investigation into whether classified information was mishandled here.”
In the letter, the two chairmen cited news reports about former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's communications with the Russian ambassador. Those reports said that Flynn's conversations were discovered when U.S. officials intercepted communications. Reports that additional Trump aides spoke with Russian officials ahead of the election also said that U.S. officials discovered the conversations by intercepting the communications.
“Generally, collection activities by intelligence agencies are classified,” Chaffetz and Goodlatte wrote in their letter, adding later that the “release of classified national security information can, by definition, have grave effects on national security.”
In the wake of Flynn's resignation, Trump and several House Republicans have focused on the leaks that led to the revelations about his communications with the Russian ambassador. However, some Republicans have said that while investigating the leaks is important, the focus of Congressional probes should be about the Trump administration's relationship with Russia.
Read the letter:
I follow a lot of news about independent visual novel developers—many of whom turn to crowdfunding sites like Kickstarter and Indiegogo for the financial support they need to finish their projects. And lately I've seen a fair amount of comments expressing skepticism about the likelihood of these crowdfunded visual novels ever actually getting released. I can see where some of those sentiments come from, as crowdfunding doesn't work for everything—I'm sure everyone has read about some spectacular Kickstarter failures. And there are definitely some people who start crowdfunding projects without any real understanding of how expensive and time-consuming it will be to complete them, and maybe even some who purposely use these platforms to scam others. But crowdfunding can also be a fantastic way to give creative people such as game developers the means to do the work they're really passionate about, and many of those people really do release great products with the support of their backers. I want to encourage a bit more positivity regarding crowdfunded VNs by discussing just a few of the ones I've read, enjoyed, and in some cases backed, so I hope you enjoy the following brief list! (Note that I wanted to focus on developers who use crowdfunding to create their own original VNs, not translators using the same platforms to produce official English releases of Japanese ones.)
SC2VN (VNDB|Kickstarter)
I find the success of SC2VN's kickstarter to be especially impressive, since the VN itself is actually free. I've supported a few visual novel crowdfunding campaigns myself, and while it is partially out of a desire to support the developer and make sure the project comes to life in general, it's also just because I want to own the product once it's finished. I'm honestly not sure if I would really want to spend money to support a kickstarter for something I could eventually get for free. But I'm glad that 165 backers did, since I really liked SC2VN. It made me feel nostalgic for the days when I used to play Starcraft 2 with my friends. But you don't even necessarily need to be familiar with the game to enjoy the story; a tutorial-type segment featuring the voice of Starcraft streamer and commentator Day9 teaches you the basics, and the protagonist's drive to succeed at a career they love despite the odds is universal. A prequel titled Don't Forget Our Esports Dream has also been successfully crowdfunded, and I'm looking forward to its release.
Karakara (VNDB|Indiegogo)
Karakara's campaign raised the most money out of all the VNs on this list—an achievement likely due in part to its developers' previous experience and its almost simultaneous English and Japanese releases, appealing to people who read VNs in both languages. It's a short VN full of cute and colourful artwork that I'd recommend for a nice relaxing read. Yet while its main plot about the relationships between a young man and two not-quite-human women is reminiscent of Nekopara, it also sets itself apart from typical light and fluffy eroge with its explicitly post-apocalyptic setting. An upcoming sequel was recently announced, and I would love to see it explore some of the darker sides of its world that were only hinted at in the first one.
Brilliant Shadows - Part One of the Book of Gray Magic (VNDB|Kickstarter)
Part one of Brilliant Shadows is about a girl searching for her soul mate—quite literally. The unexpected result of a ritual has magically bound the protagonist, a mage-in-training named Veronica, to a stranger of unknown whereabouts. In her quest, she's aided by a large cast of interesting characters, all fully voiced and drawn in an unique art style that I really liked. I was intrigued by this tale of fantasy and mystery, and I look forward to its continuation in part two, Pale Spectrum, which has also been successfully crowdfunded. I also learned while working on this post that the developers have released a short, free VN called Embers of Magic that takes place centuries earlier in the same world, so that's definitely on my list of VNs to read soon now!
SoulSet (VNDB|Indiegogo)
I just finished SoulSet the other day, and ended up taking way more notes on it than would fit into this short post, so I'll probably be writing a more detailed review later! But to summarize, I really enjoyed the creepy atmosphere created by this VN's setting of a mysterious mansion where a group of people with amnesia find themselves imprisoned. There are fun riddles to solve and plenty of secrets to unlock, alongside several cute romance routes you can take—if you decide that any of the characters seem trustworthy, that is. And while I would have liked some of the eventual explanations behind the mystery to have been explained in more detail, it was still an interesting conclusion, and I think it's a testament to the developers' ability to create a fascinating world that I wanted to spend more time in it. SoulSet is also notable for having raised the least money out of the projects on this list, and for still shaping up to be a great product.
The Letter (probably) (VNDB|Kickstarter)
Maybe I'm breaking my own rules by including The Letter on this list, as it hasn't been released yet. However, everything about The Letter's crowdfunding campaign and subsequent development process points toward a great VN coming later this year. I remember its demo garnering a fair bit of attention when the campaign began, and through regular updates like this lovely detailed one from last January, the developers have been extremely open about the challenges they've faced, their goals for the future, and exactly what they're doing with the funds from their backers. I wish every crowdfunding project released updates like that one—and look at those gorgeous animated CGs! I couldn't be happier to have backed The Letter back in 2015, and I'm really looking forward to playing it.
These VNs I've listed are just a small sample of the successfully crowdfunded VNs out there—others I've heard good things about but haven't gotten around to reading yet include Lucy -The eternity she wished for-, Asagao Academy, and Hustle Cat, to name only a few. I hope this post has shed some light on the positives of crowdfunding in the visual novel industry, and maybe inspired some people to check out these VNs if they hadn't heard of them!
Media reporters are a relatively new breed. A breed that basically came along during the last decade when digital media came into existence, creating hundreds of more avenues for actual reporting existing, and therefore keep an eye on.
The job of media reporter is fairly straightforward: Observe the industry in all of its forms. And when good or bad reporting happens, simply call it out.
If a police force is a parallel of the Fourth Estate, a media reporter exists in that context as Internal Affairs, as a check and balance for those who are supposed to speak truth to power.
But lately it appears that even Internal Affairs/media reporters are compromised, biased and even dishonest. Exhibit A is CNN's Brian Stelter in his reporting on Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesman: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE's health issues, or per his consistent narrative for weeks, total lack of issues.
Sunday was an active news day well outside of coverage of the 15th anniversary of 9/11: Clinton left a ceremony at Ground Zero early. And Fox News's Rick Leventhal — as solid a news reporter as they come out there — first went to air of Clinton's unexpected departure.
From there, Leventhal was alone in his report citing a Clinton health episode for leaving early. The Clinton campaign wasn't talking. Other news organizations were waiting for another outlet or the campaign to come forward to verify before even cautiously broaching it.
But shortly after 11:00 a.m. on CNN, Stelter broke away from his planned segment on "Reliable Sources" to break the news, via CNN's Jeff Zeleny, that Clinton had indeed become "overheated" during the 9/11 event under comfortable conditions (76 degrees at the time, mild breeze, low humidity).
Here is video of Clinton attempting to enter her secure vehicle:
Here is the CNN transcript of Stelter's exchange with reporter Jeff Zeleny via the non-partisan RealClearPolitics.
Sunday RCP headline: CNN's Stelter to Media: Do Not Give Oxygen To "Conspiracy Theories" That Hillary Clinton Is "Secretly Ill"
After a panel discussion consisting of the Baltimore Sun's David Zurawik questioning Fox's Leventhal for going to air with a story he had absolutely correct via two sources and Katrina Vanden Heuval of The Nation speculating what kind of unthoughtful tweet Republican nominee Donald Trump was writing at that moment over the incident (Trump still hasn't weighed in as of early Monday morning), Stelter later connected with Zeleny for the following exchange — which had nothing to do with the episode Clinton experienced on Sunday that showed her knees buckling while falling into her security van with aides catching her before potentially injuring herself — around an older tabloid photo instead of discussing the situation at hand.
Translation: Nothing really to see here, so let's deflect the conversation to a completely irrelevant point.
The report would end there.
The trip to California has since been cancelled.
Takeaway: Stelter never broaches during any of these live reports — big ones considering the news here — that other prominent doctors, including President Obama's ex-physician of more than two decades — made the recommendation recently that Clinton should take a neurological exam.
Obama's physician, who gave him a clean bill of health before the 2008 election and is widely respected, was Dr. David Scheiner from 1987 until his election in 2008. Scheiner isn't a Trump fan, but instead a Clinton supporter who said the Republican nominee "scares the devil out of him."
"There are a number of questions I have," said Dr. Scheiner to CNN's Erin Burnett in mid-August. "First of all, she's also 68 years old, and while I think that letter was well-written and very professional, unlike Dr. Bornstein's [Donald Trump's doctor], it's not enough."
"For example, she's on Coumadin, a medication to prevent blood clots," he continued. "You have to monitor that and it says she's being monitored regularly. I'd like to know how well she's being controlled. That's a difficult drug to use."
But here's the part Stelter — a media reporter whose job it is to present the full story — has curiously omitted in his numerous television appearances pontificating on the topic of Clinton's health which he has continually dismissed as conspiracy theories:
"Also, I think she should have had a neurological examination, a thorough neurological examination in 2016," recommended Scheiner. "We know what happens to football players who have had concussions, how they begin to lose some of their cognitive ability, I think both [Trump and Clinton] should release their records."
On Twitter, I asked Stelter — who had repeatedly made the argument that any questions raised about Clinton's health status are strictly those of Drudge, Fox's Sean Hannity, Breitbart and the alt-right — why he has ignored the prognosis of the president's own ex-physician who made said recommendation on CNN primetime to much press reaction afterward:
@brianstelter The former ex-physician of the president saying Hillary Clinton should have a neurological exam on CNN air is cherry-picking? — Joe Concha (@JoeConchaTV) September 11, 2016
In reviewing transcripts of several Stelter appearances on the topic, the media reporter and critic not only has failed to present Dr. Scheiner's conclusion, but also none of the other top doctors who have come forward to state Clinton needs further medical analysis, scrutiny and transparency as well — and there are plenty to cite.
Short version: The "conspiracy theories" that Stelter has characterized in the form of reporting dozens of times on air and in print around Clinton's health had gone well beyond right-wing media and Trump surrogates before Sunday's episode and should have been a legitimate concern worthy of questioning, as noted several times in this space over the past few weeks.
Meghan McCain, the daughter of 2008 Republican nominee John McCain, proceeded to weigh in on Twitter with a very fair question:
@brianstelter @JoeConchaTV I would just like any journalist to admit the hypocrisy on how they covered my fathers health compared to Hilary. — Meghan McCain (@MeghanMcCain) September 11, 2016
Stelter has never explored that contradiction in print or on his program as well. This is different kind of bias: the bias of omission.
Stelter has since pivoted to take journalists to task for not "being honest about the double standard women sometimes face with regards to their health," especially in the workplace and in politics. So instead of conspiracy theories, which was all the rage before Sunday, it's now a narrative around gender dynamics and unfair stereotypes.
Translation: Clinton wouldn't face this kind of scrutiny around her health if she was a man. Uh-huh.
By the way, here's why this column should mean something to you: Stelter is supposed to monitor media and report on all that's right and wrong with it. A watchful eye of the gatekeepers, so to speak. That's how I view the job with a simple mantra and two questions:
Is the media/press being objective in situation X, Y, Z?
Is it telling you the full story without bias, without agenda?
"[Questions about Clinton's health] have been debunked time and time again," Stelter argued on his nationally-televised program in August, adding, "This is stuff that does not belong on the lead website, like the Drudge Report, or on the Fox News Channel. It just doesn't belong there."
Media reporters are supposed to be the last stand against dishonesty and partisanship in the media.
But one of its more prominent ones with a large megaphone — like the kind CNN provides — has been compromised in favor of pushing one candidate's narrative in this election.
And in the process, it now appears even the watchdogs of the Fourth Estate can't be trusted.
Which makes one wonder as trust in media plummets well below historic lows:
Who's really watching the gatekeepers anymore?
Concha is a media reporter for The Hill.
The views of Contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill.
Had a rough week at work? Boss just doesn't get it, eh? It was as though even the coke machine was mocking you when it droped a Fresca instead of a Dr. Pepper. Well, hopefully you can find some solace in the fact that you're boys at Dime City Cycles got nothing but love for ya! And to show you we're gonna give you a little something extra this weekend. $5 shipping on all orders regardless of size or weight anywhere in the USA. That's right, you could order everything you need to finish your garage built pavement pounder and save a few bucks to put towards beer money. It's easy! Just login to your account as usual, add your items to your cart and at checkout select "Weekend Promo" for your shipping method. That's it! Bingo bango baby, a box full of ton-up goodness will be on it's way! Who loves you?
Four members of the Manchester City squad – plus manager Pep Guardiola – have been nominated for September's Premier League awards.
City won all four of their league games last month, scoring 17 goals without conceding, and sit top of the table on goal difference.
Guardiola has been nominated for the Barclays Manager of the Month award, alongside Jose Mourinho of Manchester United, Mauricio Pochettino at Tottenham and Arsenal's Arsene Wenger.
Sergio Aguero, who scored five goals in three league games, has been nominated for the Player of the Month award, alongside teammate Kevin De Bruyne, who scored the winner at Chelsea and assisted three goals.
And Leroy Sané and Fabian Delph are both in contention to win the Carling Goal of the Month award.
Features Video Every Angle: Fabian Delph v Crystal Palace View original post
Sane's moment of individual brilliance against Crystal Palace, which saw him flick the ball over Scott Dann's head before slotting past Wayne Hennessey, has seen him nominated.
And Delph's long-range curler in the same game means he is in line to pick up the award.
You can help decide the vote. Click here for more information.
Throwing your own faeces from a bathroom window is strictly a second-date move, women have been told today.
After news emerged of a woman who got stuck retrieving a poo she had thrown from a bathroom window on a first date, etiquette experts have been quick to point out where she went wrong.
Dating consultant Simon Williams told us, “Women these days are too eager to throw their poo around and leave it with anyone.
“You need to keep a man guessing, make him work a little for it – why would he want a second date if he's already seen you hurl a carrier bag of your own shit from his first-floor window?
“Of course, it's absolutely the woman's choice, and if she enjoys flinging shit, and is just looking to empty her bowels, then I say go for it – but if you want something a little more long term, then maybe chew a few Imodium before you go out.”
Women have reacted with surprise at the outdated view that women shouldn't be looking to throw their shit around on a first date.
Emily James told us, “It's typical of the inherent sexism that still pollutes our society. No-one thinks twice about a man who throws bags of his own shit out of the window on the first date – hell, he's probably revered for it.
“But if a woman wants to do it, you all look down your nose at her.
“Modern women have the same needs and desires as men, and if we want to hurl a turd from a window then we should be able to do so whenever, and with whomever, we please.”
The ongoing transfer speculation surrounding DeAndre Yedlin has officially come to a close, with the Seattle Sounders announcing Wednesday that terms have been finalized for Yedlin to make a move to Tottenham Hotspur.
In a teleconference with reporters on Wednesday afternoon, Seattle general manager Adrian Hanauer explained a few specifics regarding the transaction and the club's thinking as the rumors surrounding Yedlin stacked up following his coming out party on the international stage at the 2014 World Cup.
“This transaction provides, first, a great opportunity for us to win a championship in 2014 with DeAndre remaining with the team,” Hanauer said. “Second, it provides us with allocation money that is paramount to maintaining a competitive squad going forward.”
“We're in a sport where this happens,” added Hanauer. “Every club in the world sells players. It's just a question of weighing the benefits and the drawbacks and we ultimately decided that this was a good decision for us.”
The reported $4 million transfer fee for Yedlin would be the most ever for a Homegrown player. While the Sounders did not confirm that number on Wednesday, MLS teams transferring homegrown players keep 75 percent of the transfer fee.
Hanauer confirmed that Yedlin's move to Tottenham would not overlap with this MLS season, although when the transfer will take place is yet to be determined. Hanauer left open the possibility that Yedlin could stay in Seattle longer, potentially until June 2015, depending on a variety of factors including Tottenham's needs at the end of the MLS schedule, and whether Yedlin can secure an overseas work permit.
Hanauer said his impression is that Tottenham would like to evaluate the situation at the end of the MLS season and make the decision on when Yedlin will join the squad at that time.
“We've had conversations about it and [the transfer will happen] certainly no earlier than the transfer window at the end of our season,” Hanauer said. “The intent was that they would like to assess where things are at with their club at that time and potential work permit issues with DeAndre and assess how he's been doing with us and whether it's the right time to fit him into their squad.”
The difficulty in securing work permits has been an obstacle for MLS players attempting overseas transfers in the past, but Hanauer said the deal is sealed despite the potential complications that may arise from the issue.
Check out more Seattle news at SoundersFC.com
“It's a done deal,” Hanauer said. “I can't speculate as to what potentially could happen with a work permit challenge. … But it's a done deal.”
Hanauer also said that Yedlin's own desire to try himself on the English Premier League stage played into the decision-making process.
“DeAndre clearly wanted this transaction to occur as well because he certainly has a say in it,” Hanauer said. “We want to do right by our players in addition to doing right by our club…
"Ultimately all the credit has to go to DeAndre, who has been humble and honest, hard-working, a great teammate and dedicated to improving day in and day out on the field.”
Gambians celebrate as ECOWAS troops seize capital, marking end of Yahya Jammeh's regime
Posted
Gambians have celebrated in the streets after a West African regional military force entered the capital city of Banjul and took control of the presidential palace, the symbolic seat of ex-ruler Yahya Jammeh's 22-year authoritarian regime.
Key points: West African regional military ECOWAS deploys troops to The Gambia to maintain security
New President Adama Barrow denies Jammeh has been offered immunity from prosecution
Official says there are reports Jammeh looted millions of dollars in state resources
Mr Jammeh, who refused to accept defeat to opposition challenger Adama Barrow in a December election, flew out of Banjul late on Saturday en route to Equatorial Guinea as the regional force was poised to remove him.
Hundreds of Banjul residents assembled outside State House as darkness fell after soldiers, who deployed on Sunday to secure the country, moved in to secure the compound.
Cheering and singing, some revellers sought to capture the moment for posterity, posing for photos with the Senegalese troops.
"We are free," said food seller Isatou Toure, 35.
"Everyone is so happy that man is gone. We are happy to see [the soldiers]. They protected us from Jammeh."
Senegalese army officials said the force — known as the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), which also includes troops from Nigeria, Ghana and Mali — met no resistance as they advanced on Sunday.
But even amid the celebrations, troubling details of Mr Jammeh's departure began to emerge.
Speaking to radio station RFM in Senegal, where he is waiting to return to the Gambia, Mr Barrow said that, upon initial inspection, it appeared Mr Jammeh had looted state resources.
"According to information we received, there is no money in the coffers," he said.
"It's what we have been told, but the day we actually take office, we will clarify all of it."
In a news conference later in the day, Mr Barrow advisor Mai Ahmad Fatty said 500 million dalasis ($15 million) had been withdrawn by Mr Jammeh in the past two weeks.
The regional military operation was first launched late on Thursday after Mr Barrow was sworn in as president at the Gambian embassy in neighbouring Senegal, but it was halted hours later to give Mr Jammeh one last chance to leave peacefully.
His departure followed two days of negotiations led by Guinea President Alpha Conde and Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz of Mauritania, prompting speculation over what, if any, terms were agreed upon to convince him to step down.
"He wanted to stay in the Gambia," Mr Barrow said.
"We said we couldn't guarantee his security and said that he should leave."
Mr Barrow denied that Mr Jammeh had been offered immunity from prosecution in exchange for leaving the country.
Reuters
Topics: world-politics, army, gambia
"I rubbed Diego down for two hours before the game," Salvatore Carmando, Napoli's legendary former masseuse, revealed from the sidelines at the Olimpico on Thursday. Involved in his team's first goal, Diego Maradona then set up the second as well. Carmando, 72, who released a biography last year entitled "Hands on Gods", must have loosened him up like the good old days.
Maradona's assist wasn't for just anyone, either. The player seeking him out to say grazie was none other than Francesco Totti, his most illustrious teammate in Thursday's Game of Peace, a charity match featuring a host of stars, including Ronaldinho, Manuel Rui Costa, Hernan Crespo, Cafu, Seba Veron and Robert Pires. "I can retire now," Totti smiled. "I've played with Maradona."
It was quite the aperitif ahead of Saturday's game between Napoli and Roma at the San Paolo. Maradona wouldn't be drawn on which of the capital's clubs he likes more even though he prepared for Thursday's game with a training session at Lazio's Formello training ground and managed to sing their club anthem on TV.
"I don't want to make Totti angry," he giggled.
As for former club Napoli, where his loyalties obviously lie, El Diez still hasn't quite come to terms with Gonzalo Higuain's decision to leave for Juventus. Maradona had the opportunity to do the same, but he refused.
"[Gianni] Agnelli courted me as if I were a beautiful woman," Maradona explained to L'Espresso. "He called me constantly, promising me crazy money. He told me he had offered [Napoli] 100 billion lire and gave me a blank cheque.
"I told him I could never do it to the people of Napoli because I felt that I was one of them and could never wear the shirt of a team in Italy other than Napoli. I said: 'Sure, Avvocato, of course I can come. It's just a shame I will have to leave Italy immediately after doing the deal'. They would have killed me."
A serious knee injury to Higuain's replacement Arkadiusz Milik, who tore an ACL during the international break and will be out until next spring, represents a huge blow. Maradona's old captain, Giuseppe Bruscolotti, believes the 55-year-old Argentine should now come out of retirement and lend his former team a helping hand. "He looks in good shape. He could maybe play half an hour or so," the Iron Bar laughed. Well, if Totti is still playing at 40 ...
Joking aside, losing Milik for four-to-five months has led people to question Napoli's credentials as a title challenger. In some respect that's a big compliment to the Pole who has exceeded expectation in Fuorigrotta, instantly making fans forget Higuain by scoring eight goals in his first nine appearances for the club.
Arkadiusz Milik's injury is a huge blow to Napoli's title hopes.
Manolo Gabbiadini is hardly a bad fall-back option. Last season only Higuain and Totti had a better goal-per-minute ratio (109) than the Bergamasco, who was left in the stands when Italy played Macedonia, perhaps as a precautionary measure after some politicking from his club.
For whatever reason, though, Napoli do not seem entirely convinced by Gabbiadini. At least that's the impression they have given. After signing Milik in the summer, they still went after Mauro Icardi and Nikola Kalinic. This week, there have even been reports of a move for free agent Miroslav Klose and experiments with Dries Mertens as a False No. 9 continue in training.
As if succeeding a record-breaking 36-goal striker Higuain wasn't enough, the constant tittle-tattle can, whether it's intentional or not, be read as a vote of little or no confidence in Gabbiadini and, in such circumstances, you can understand why at times this season he looks short of it and like he is playing with the weight of the world on his shoulders.
One striker who, on the contrary, seems now to have the world at his feet is Roma's Edin Dzeko. A big disappointment in his first year in Italy, his future appeared in doubt towards the end of last season. The 30-year-old started seven of Roma's last 10 games on the bench as Luciano Spalletti averaged 2.42 points per game with a trademark strikerless formation.
Unlikely to recoup their initial €15m investment on Dzeko, the club has been patient and put their faith in him, using the summer to get the player to turn his career around. There have been reports of a new diet, sessions with a sports psychologist and extra speed work in training. All have paid off. Once cieco -- that's Italian for blind -- now he sees. Dzeko has struck six times in seven games. It took him 21 appearances to reach the same figure in Serie A last term.
However, an away goal continues to elude this season in Serie A and while Roma, the league's top scorers, like to share the goals around, they need him to make the difference in games like these. Napoli is unbeaten in the league at home since Maurizio Sarri took charge a year ago and the return of Raul Albiol in defence means that, the absence of Milik aside, they will be at full strength.
Roma won't be until Antonio Rudiger is back partnering Kostas Manolas in defence. For all the cover they have signed -- Fazio, Juan Jesus and (the injured, surprise surprise) Thomas Vermaelen -- the German's injury and that of summer signing Mario Rui, a replacement for Lucas Digne at left-back, has made the defence Roma's Achilles' heel. Repeated mental blackouts don't help either, although the 2-1 win against Inter Milan was a reminder of what this team is capable of, particularly their first half showing.
Edin Dzeko had a mixed debut campaign for Roma but has started his second season in fine form.
Saturday's game must not be allowed to become a "best of the rest" showpiece to decide the winner of "the other league." Sarri caused consternation after Napoli's last match, a defeat to Atalanta, when, not for the first time this season, he said: "Juventus is on another level. I never thought Napoli could compete in the league with them" unless, that is, they "mess things up big time, but they never do."
Goalkeeper Pepe Reina believes Sarri was playing mind games. "He did it to take the pressure off us," the former Liverpool shot stopper told La Gazzetta dello Sport.
"I am sure he doesn't think what he said."
It's a must-win game for both sides. A draw would suit Juve, who sit four points clear at the top of the table and play Udinese at home that evening.
The game of the weekend in Serie A, it should tell us a lot, even in October, about the title race.
"We'll get to understand who the anti-Juve is," Totti promises.
James covers the Italian Serie A and European football for ESPN FC Follow him on Twitter @JamesHorncastle.
When I was younger, I had an idea for a satire in which a group of rogue genealogists would get blood samples from racially incendiary white politicians. They'd run DNA tests on them to see if they were part black, then publish the information on those who were.
This was way back before you could order DNA tests online and watch television shows about celebrities seeing their results. I don't write satire, and wisely abandoned the idea. But the broader concept of bloodlines and our construction of political identity popped into my head during a recent discussion about the election.
Donald Trump's supporters, 90 percent of whom are white, have measurably less positive feelings about African-Americans and several other groups than other Republicans or the public at large. But how many of his voters are “black,” not by our current categorization but under the “one-drop rule” saying that no matter how white they looked, anyone with a drop of black blood was categorized as such? Variations of the one-drop rule persisted in law until 1983 in Louisiana, after a mixed-race woman unsuccessfully sued to become legally white, and legislators overturned the law in response to the fractious case. Some argue that the one-drop rule had already been eroded by the 1967 Loving v. Virginia Supreme Court case on interracial marriage, now the subject of a new movie.
Whether we are talking about 1967 or 1983, the idea of blackness as something that is immutable despite skin color, hair texture or other phenotypic indicators is not just an antebellum relic. It persisted well into the modern era and the lifetimes of many of us.
In a country where there are now more Latinos than blacks, and American racial and ethnic diversity ranges far beyond a black-white axis, blackness still has specific political and economic significance. Entire bodies of law — voting law, housing law, marriage law, property law, among others — were constructed around the exclusion of blacks from enfranchisement and wealth building. When a federal judge this week described as “insane” a system currently purging voters from the rolls in North Carolina — a Southern swing state that went for Obama in 2008 and Romney in 2012 — she went on to say that it hearkened back to 1901 and the Jim Crow era when black men technically had the right to vote but found it almost impossible to exercise. The legal legacy of the suppression of black votes echoes today.
So how does this relate to DNA tests and bloodlines? Well, according to a 2014 study of 145,000 DNA test results by the firm 23andMe, 3.5 percent of people who consider themselves white Americans are actually part black.
That's approximately 6.9 million non-Hispanic white Americans with black blood. Although the sample size is generous, it's also self-selecting based on who chose to take or bought the test, which is likely skewed toward Americans with higher disposable income.
The U.S. Census Bureau has changed how it tracks race in many ways since the first census was conducted in 1790. Through 1950, the census taker was the ultimate arbiter of what race was marked on the form. (One of my great-great-grandfathers was marked as black on one census and “mulatto” or mixed race on a subsequent one.) In 1960, the census began allowing people to choose their own race, but they could choose only one. And in 2000, it began allowing respondents to choose more than one race and/or the category “some other race,” plus, if they chose, the ethnicity Hispanic. Of the non-Hispanic population, 0.3 percent marked only “some other race,” while 2.8 percent marked two or more races.
There's no one running around with a ledger demanding that these black-descended white Americans submit to the former one-drop rule. But if everyone magically knew their results before Election Day, would it shape how some people saw their own identity and their relationship to our political system? If you were “all white” but you found out your spouse was what Louisiana courts in the 1980s called “colored,” how would that affect your construction of self and political decisionmaking? Would it change your stakes in this election, or spur efforts to conceal the information, as people actively passing for white did generations ago?
Southern whites are by far the most likely to have black blood, as roughly 10 percent of whites in the region do, including in the swing states of Florida and North Carolina. The possible reasons for that density include the early history of America when blacks and Irish were indentured servants and sometimes had consensual relationships and families; infrequent intermarriages before the abolition of slavery between free blacks and whites; the rape of black women by white men during and after slavery; and the efforts of white-looking mixed-race Americans to “pass” for white to gain freedom or economic and legal advantage. In fact, via his white American mother, President Obama is related to a black man, John Punch, enslaved in the 1640s. Punch's mixed-race children produced descendents who passed into whiteness.
Over time, many descendants of Americans who passed for white were no longer aware of their racial heritage, whether they would have been proud of that fact, neutral or mortified, as was a prominent white supremacist who found out on television in 2013 that his DNA test results included 14 percent sub-Saharan African heritage.
As we look not only to Election Day but beyond, we have a chance to see how our constructions of racial and political identity fit into the broader sweep of history in ways that may challenge our assumptions.
Says Bernie Sanders advocated putting "Iranian troops into Syria to try and resolve the conflict there. Putting them right on the doorstep of Israel."
In a heated debate ahead of the New Hampshire primary, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders sharpened the contrasts between them. Appearing on a stage at the University of New Hampshire in Durham, Clinton targeted Sanders' relative lack of national security experience.
"A group of national security experts issued a very concerning statement about Sen. Sanders views on foreign policy and national security, pointing out some of the comments he has made on these issues," Clinton said. "Such as inviting Iranian troops into Syria to try and resolve the conflict there. Putting them right on the doorstep of Israel."
Last month, the Clinton campaign posted a critique of Sanders on precisely this point. The campaign said Sanders "has put forth proposals that indicate a lack of engagement and fundamental misunderstandings about the challenges before us."
It cited Sanders' own words. We found them on his Senate website and in the transcript of a November 2015 Democratic debate.
In September 2014, Sanders issued a news release . It rejected any thought of sending American ground troops into Syria to fight ISIS. That level of fighting in Syria, he said, should be left to the Muslim nations.
"The war against ISIS, a brutal and dangerous organization, cannot be won unless the Muslim nations which are most threatened -- Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, Turkey, Iran and Jordan -- become fully engaged, including the use of ground troops," Sanders said. "The U.S. and the international community should be fully supportive, but the leadership in this war must come from the Muslim world."
During the Democratic debate in Des Moines, Iowa , Nov. 11, 2015, Sanders echoed that point.
"Here's something that I believe we have to do as we put together an international coalition, and that is we have to understand that the Muslim nations in the region -- Saudi Arabia, Iran, Turkey, Jordan -- all of these nations, they're going to have to get their hands dirty, their boots on the ground. They are going to have to take on ISIS."
Warren Gunnels, policy adviser for the Sanders campaign, told us Sanders was promoting the idea of a broad Muslim coalition.
"He has never advocated specifically for Iranian troops in Syria, but that there must be a coalition of nations with U.S. troops providing support," Gunnels said. "He certainly never advocated for Iranian troops on the Israeli border."
It's true that Sanders envisioned that the Iranian troops would be part of a much larger Muslim coalition that included Jordan and Turkey. While both nations might have significant disagreements with Israel, neither is an enemy of the Jewish state.
Still, we can take it that Sanders did promote the presence of Iranian troops in Syria. Whether those troops themselves would be on the border with Israel is unknowable, but Syria of course shares a border with Israel. And Iran is no friend of Israel.
Our ruling
Clinton said Sanders suggested that Iranian troops should fight on the ground in Syria. Sanders did advance that idea on two occasions. But Sanders' comments were in the context of a multi-national Muslim fighting force that included nations largely friendly toward Israel.
The statement is accurate but lacks some useful details. We rate it Mostly True.
Five Florida counties have tested positive for rat lungworm, a parasite that can cause potentially deadly meningitis in humans and animals, according to researchers at the University of Florida.
Five Florida counties have tested positive for rat lungworm, a parasite that can cause potentially deadly meningitis in humans and animals, according to researchers at the University of Florida.
The UF College of Veterinary Medicine and the Florida Museum of Natural History found instances of rat lungworm in Alachua, Leon, St. Johns, Orange and Hillsborough counties. The five counties tested positive after the parasite was discovered in various rats and snails, according to the study. 18 Florida counties were surveyed in total for the study.
Snails become infected with rat lungworm by consuming the feces of infected rats, the study said. Rats can also contract the parasite by ingesting infected snails.
The parasite poses a risk to humans who ingest snails, frogs or crustaceans infected with the parasite.
The fatality rate is low, but severe infections can lead to meningitis, which can become caught in the brain and cause coma or death, according to a statement.
Symptoms of infection include nausea, vomiting, stiff neck and paralysis of the face and limbs. In children, common symptoms include nausea, vomiting and fever.
“The parasite is here in Florida and is something that needs to be taken seriously,” said Stockdale Walden, an assistant professor in the UF department of infectious diseases and pathology . “The reality is that it is probably in more counties than we found it in, and it is also probably more prevalent in the southeastern U.S. than we think.
More than 2,800 cases of human rat lungworm infection have been documented since the parasite was first discovered. When it comes to protecting yourself against potential infection, Walden has a simple piece of advice: Wash produce.
"“Some snails are very small and can easily hide in lettuce leaves. Teach children not to eat snails, and if they handle snails, make sure they wash their hands," she said.
"Be aware of the potential risks associated with eating snails and also raw or undercooked frogs and crustaceans.”
Hey all!
I wanted to wish everyone a Happy New Year, and also provide a few quick updates about Hero Realms:
The now much larger campaign starter deck (see update #30) is coming along nicely. Missions 1 & 2 are finished, and we are in the process doing the testing and balancing of the epic final battle!
Hero Realms: The Ruin of Thandar has made it to the final voting for Most Anticipated Games of 2017 on Boardgame Geek!
Please go here and vote for Hero Realms: The Ruin of Thandar in these categories: Overall, Expansion, Crowd Funded, Cooperative, Thematic, and Fantasy. This could really make a difference in growing the game community, and we really appreciate you taking a few minutes to vote for Hero Realms!
Make sure you are logged in, then just click the boxes next to Hero Realms: The Ruin of Thandar in each category, then, VERY IMPORTANT, scroll all the way down to the bottom and click the VOTE button.
Legion Supplies now has Hero Realms Boxes!
These boxes are designed to hold up to 500 Hero Realms cards and include 240 sleeves, 4 dividers, and 1 Captain Koska promo card. (Note: As with all our promo cards, an alternate art version of Captain Koska will be sold in a future pack).
I also encourage you to become an official fan of Hero Realms and to post your questions and commentary in the Hero Realms forums on Boardgame Geek here.
We also run contests on our Facebook page and on Twitter .
Again, THANK YOU for backing Hero Realms!
-Rob
A team of archaeologists and mapmakers say they have uncovered a forgotten tunnel that 80 Jews dug largely by hand as they tried to escape from a Nazi extermination site in Lithuania about 70 years ago.
The Lithuanian site, Ponar, holds mass burial pits and graves where up to 100,000 people were killed and their bodies dumped or burned during the Holocaust.
Using radar and radio waves to scan beneath the ground, the researchers found the tunnel, a 100-foot passageway between five and nine feet below the surface, the team announced on Wednesday.
A previous attempt made by a different team in 2004 to find the underground structure had only located its mouth, which was subsequently left unmarked. The new finding traces the tunnel from entrance to exit and provides evidence to support survivor accounts of the harrowing effort to escape the holding pit.
When the Republican nominee launched his presidential campaign 17 months ago it seemed more like a publicity stunt by a reality-TV star than the first step to the White House. Yet on election day opinion polls, betting markets and forecasters suggest that Donald Trump has a 20-30% chance of becoming the 45th president. Another way to put this is that a Trump presidency is more likely than rolling a six on a die, and about as likely as the Cleveland Cavaliers (the second-best team, according to bookmakers) retaining their title in the National Basketball Association final, or rain on any given day in London. A grimmer analogy, perhaps, is with Russian roulette: a Trump win is rather more likely than a bullet in the head from a six-shooter. It probably won't happen. But history is made by low-probability, high-impact events, and a Trump win would certainly be that.
Trying to summarize a few historical trends for the last half century (because what else is there to do?), I thought of framing them in terms of diversity.
Diversity is often an unsatisfying concept, used to describe hierarchical inequality as mere difference. But inequality is a form of diversity — a kind of difference. And further, not all social diversity is inequality. When people belong to categorize and the categories are not ranked hierarchically (or you're not interested in the ranking for whatever reason), the concept of diversity is useful.
There are various ways of constructing a diversity index, but I use the one sometimes called the Blau index, which is easy to calculate and has a nice interpretation: the probability that two randomly selected individuals are from different groups.
Example: Religion
Take religion. According to the 2001 census of India, this was the religious breakdown of the population:
RELIGION Number Proportion Hindus 827,578,868 .805 Muslims 138,188,240 .134 Christians 24,080,016 .023 Sikhs 19,215,730 .019 Buddhists 7,955,207 .008 Jains 4,225,053 .004 Others 6,639,626 .006 Religion not stated 727,588 .001 Sum of squared proportions .667 Diversity .333
Diversity is calculated by summing the squares of the proportions in each category, and subtracting the sum from 1. So in India in 2001, if you picked two people at random, you had a 1/3 chance of getting people with different religions (as measured by the census).
Is .33 a lot of religious diversity? Not really, it turns out. I was surprised to read on the cover of this book by a Harvard professor that the United States is “the world's most religiously diverse nation.” When I flipped through the book, though, I was disappointed to see it doesn't actually talk much about other countries, and does not seem to offer the systematic comparison necessary to make such a claim.
With our diversity index, it's not hard to compare religious diversity across 52 countries using data from World Values Survey, with this result:
The U.S. is quite diverse — .66 — but a number of countries rank higher.
Of course, the categories are important in this endeavor. For example, Turkey and Morocco are both 99% “Muslim.” So is Iraq, but in Iraq that population is divided between people who identify as Muslim, Shia and Sunni, so Iraq is much more diverse. You get the same effect by dividing up the Christians in the U.S., for example.
Increasing U.S. diversity
Anyway, back to describing the last half century in the U.S. On four important measures I've got easy-to-identify increasing diversity. What do you think of these (with apologies for the default Microsoft color schemes):
The last one is a little tricky. It's common to report that the median age at marriage has increased since the 1950s (having fallen before the 1950s). But I realized it's not just the average increasing, but the dispersion: More people marrying at different ages. So the experience of marriage is not just shifting rightward on the age distribution, but spreading out. Here's another view of the same data:
These are corrected (5/11/2013) from the first version of this post. I have now calculated these using the report from the National Center for Health Statistics for 1960, and comparing it with the 2011 American Community Survey for those married in the previous year.
I have complained before that using the 1950s or thereabouts as a benchmark is misleading because it was an unusual period, marked by high conformity, especially with regard to family matters. But it is still the case that since then diversity on a number of important measures has increased. Over the period of several generations, in important ways the people we randomly encounter are more likely to be different from ourselves (and each other).
Occupy Wall Street wants to represent the "99 percent." But if you've been down to observe the goings-on at Zuccotti Park, you'll have noticed that the majority of participants are white, which -- at the risk of sounding obvious! -- does not represent 99 percent of the U.S. population. Now, labor unions are in on the act repping more working-class minorities, but that isn't reflected in the makeup of the Zuccotti campers.
In response to OWS's crunchy white image, two activist friends based in Detroit and New York have started a sub-movement called Occupy the Hood, which is focused on bringing minorities into the protest. On Facebook, the group's page reads:
We are The Least Represented We are Among The Ignored We are Among The Unemployed We are Considered The Under Educated We are Considered The Minority We are The Consumers But most importantly WE ARE THE HOOD!! The neighborHOODs is where the hearts of the people are. Our homes, our parks, our selves. It is in our best interest to have all abled voices heard to bring forth a peaceful solution in this world we have been given. There are millions of people that are effected by the Wall Street crisis. The questionable, unethical activities downtown Manhattan... and in Corporate America directly effects our economic struggles and the future of all business and personal endeavors.
Occupy the Hood is the brainchild of Malik Rhasaan, a construction worker and father of three from South Jamaica, Queens. He went down to Occupy Wall Street near the beginning and liked it, but "I noticed there isn't a strong black and Latino presence, or a strong Asian presence for that matter," he said. "I realized a lot of people just don't know about it."
http://blogs.villagevoice.com/runninscared/2011/10/occupy_the_hood.php
At first glance it seems like an attempt to coalesce the races, and speak upon abnegated grievances in the impoverished neighborhood. Intuition tells me that this could be a detriment to a fledgling moving, as it can begin to focus on race instead of these criminal bankers. Many people have criticized the movement for its supposed banker involvement...they opine from a computer and have never taken part in a protest in their lives. Its one thing to talk about the movement, its another to live it.
Peace,
Justin Horne
We all saw this one coming a mile away: Apple is finally being taken to task over iOS 4 performance on the iPhone 3G. In a lawsuit filed in the Superior Court of California for San Diego, plaintiff Biana Wofford alleges that Apple purposely crippled the iPhone 3G with its introduction of iOS 4 in order to boost iPhone 4 sales, and hopes to get her lawsuit elevated to class action status.
Apple originally marketed iOS 4 as a major upgrade for iPhone 3G and 3GS users. That operating system came out just days before Apple started selling the iPhone 4 to the public, but iPhone 3G users quickly learned that it wasn't what they had been hoping for. There were soon widespread reports of extremely slow and buggy performance of iOS 4 on the iPhone 3G, not to mention the fact that the iPhone 3G didn't get all of the features that came with iOS 4 in the first place.
According to Wofford's complaint, Apple knew that the update from iOS 3.x would turn her iPhone 3G into a "device with little more use than that of a paper weight." She also criticized Apple over the difficulty in downgrading to a previous operating system without having to become a "hacker"—indeed, it's no simple task for average users to roll back if they have already upgraded to the newest operating system.
"Even though Apple has actual knowledge of thousands of complaints from iPhone 3G/3GS consumers, Apple does not allow for those same users/consumers of third generation devices to download and re-install earlier and optimized iOS3.x operating system without resorting to 'hacker' tactics that will void Apple warranties and violate iPhone user agreements," Wofford wrote.
Wofford believes that Apple did this all to leave iPhone 3G users with unusable phones, forcing them to upgrade to the newly released iPhone 4. What's unclear is whether Wofford attempted to go to an Apple Store or call AppleCare for help on her issue before filing the lawsuit. Regardless, she accuses Apple of engaging in false advertising and unfair competition, and wants the court to give her (and other class members) restitution and damages.
On the one hand, this case seems to join the countless others filed by unsatisfied customers over iPhone-related issues. On the other, it's a somewhat new angle—the iOS 4 performance problems on iPhone 3G are pretty well documented (we've experienced them ourselves), and she does have a point that it's not easy to downgrade the OS once you've committed to upgrading. Though we wouldn't be surprised if this case ended up disappearing into the lawsuit black hole, it's possible Apple will eventually institute some sort of policy that lets people use iTunes to go back to a previous OS if they so choose.
Lin Ottinger sat on a folding chair behind the counter of his eponymous rock shop in Moab, Utah, a cattle dog to his right, telling a customer about the time he traded a dinosaur bone for six dinosaur eggs with a man from China.
“How much for the eggs?” the customer asked, nodding towards a display case.
“Not for sale,” Ottinger replied in a raspy voice. “Those are for my personal collection.”
The fossilised embryos look like a prop from the set of Game of Thrones, but they fit right in with the Dugway geodes, ammonite fossils and a $2,900 apatosaurus femur replica modelled after the one he bartered for the eggs. “Only serious buyers may tap on this!” warns a handwritten sign affixed to the bone.
Ottinger, 89, is a symbol of old Moab, a place that has long attracted warring factions of adventurers, from Mormon explorers and hard-living cowboys, to prospectors and conservationists. But Moab is mining new riches now, with record numbers of avid rock climbers, mountain bikers, hikers and 4X4 enthusiasts visiting its two surrounding national parks, Arches and Canyonlands. The fever pitch makes many people wonder if the town can hold on to its rugged charm.
No-one symbolises that charm better than Ottinger, a living testament to what Moab was – and maybe still is; a place for swashbucklers who favour the natural world over mainstream civilisation.
“He definitely is the original mountain guy of Moab, who knows the land and opened it up to people on his tours,” said retired special effects technician Chris Burton, who met Ottinger on a film location that Ottinger scouted in the 1980s. (Because Ottinger is so familiar with the landscape, he has often been asked to guide film crews to camera-ready scenery.)
From 2014 to 2015, visitation to nearby Arches National Park increased by more than 100,000 sightseers. Last year, that surge nearly doubled. Canyonlands National Park, just a few miles further up Highway 191, saw numbers spike by more than 141,000 people in 2016. It's common to queue for hours to enter the parks on peak summer weekends.
Formerly a dusty strip lined with empty lots and abandoned buildings, Moab's main road is now dotted with chain hotels and bike rental shops. Sandwiched between them is Lin Ottinger's Moab Rock Shop. The store and museum, more than half a century old, is filled with vintage curios: logs of petrified wood; acid-etched horn coral fossils from a formation just north of town; and antique drilling rigs once used to extract oil and uranium.
Just as it did other prospectors, uranium drew Ottinger to town in the early 1950s. He, however, was pulled by something more than the dream of striking it rich. Shortly after Ottinger was released from a two-year stint as an army mechanic, he was offered a job felling timber in northern California. With around a month to kill before his start date, Ottinger, a lifelong geology enthusiast – he started collecting and selling quartz rocks and Native American arrowheads when he was about five years old in Tennessee – decided to check out a metal and gem show in Boise, Idaho.
There, someone showed him a chunk of andersonite, a vivid yellow-green mineral found in uranium deposits. The man told Ottinger he'd found the rare gem in Kane Creek in Moab, Utah.
Ottinger packed up his wife and kids and headed south from their Oregon home. As he approached the small town in southeastern Utah, he was awestruck by the towering red spires, snow-capped peaks and burnt sienna- and jade-striated rock walls.
“I thought that was the prettiest thing I had ever seen,” he said.
Ottinger never made it to California. Instead, he got a job driving trucks for the mines. “I said, ‘I'll stay here and see the country as long as I can'.”
In the late 1950s, as the uranium boom faded and the hordes of prospectors deserted town, Ottinger transitioned back to his original childhood business: selling rocks.
Over the years, the self-taught geologist and palaeontologist has made some impressive finds, including the toe bone of a utahraptor, a large percentage of an euoplocephalus and a well-preserved apatosaurus, which Ottinger claims is the most complete to be found in the US. He donated many of his findings to the late Dr James Jensen at Brigham Young University in Provo, Utah. When Ottinger discovered a new species of dinosaur in the 1970s, Jensen named the 30ft-long, 7-ton ‘iguanodon ottingeri' after him.
When Ottinger opened his shop in 1960, tourists started asking to tag along on his explorations. One woman requested 86 different tours for 86 days.
“Why do they have Easter egg hunts? Because everyone likes to look for something,” he said. “They want to find something.”
On Ottinger's early fossil excursions, tourists did find things: gem-quality agates, marine fossils and dinosaur bones. When Ottinger was told he could no longer collect dinosaur fossils from public lands, he took people hunting for invertebrate fossils and rocks, before transitioning into geology-focused sightseeing tours.
Until Ottinger retired from the tour business in the 1980s to focus on his shop, he hauled visitors in a fleet of Volkswagen vans to remote sites throughout Canyonlands (like rose-painted Angel Arch and the striated spires called the Needles) and Gemini Bridges in Arches before either were designated a national park. Tapping into his deep knowledge of the processes that transformed the Earth's crust over time, he explained rock colours, formations and evolution of the surrounding land.
Today, there are around 60 tour operators in the area, employing countless guides for wide-ranging escapades, from river rafting and canyoneering to mountain biking and jeep excursions. To Ottinger, there's plenty of room for all of them. And after 62 years of exploring the land, even he still feels like he hasn't seen everything.
“There's so much to see,” he said. “You can't see it in two lifetimes.”
Join over three million BBC Travel fans by liking us on Facebook, or follow us on Twitter and Instagram.
If you liked this story, sign up for the weekly bbc.com features newsletter called "If You Only Read 6 Things This Week". A handpicked selection of stories from BBC Future, Earth, Culture, Capital, Travel and Autos, delivered to your inbox every Friday.
Download raw source
Delivered-To: john.podesta@gmail.com Received: by 10.25.24.94 with SMTP id o91csp222381lfi; Fri, 10 Apr 2015 19:23:44 -0700 (PDT) X-Received: by 10.70.103.200 with SMTP id fy8mr7437192pdb.136.1428719023166; Fri, 10 Apr 2015 19:23:43 -0700 (PDT) Return-Path: <d.cheng@me.com> Received: from nk11p04mm-asmtp001.mac.com (nk11p04mm-asmtpout001.mac.com. [17.158.236.236]) by mx.google.com with ESMTPS id oa11si5410262pdb.33.2015.04.10.19.23.42 (version=TLSv1.2 cipher=AES128-GCM-SHA256 bits=128/128); Fri, 10 Apr 2015 19:23:43 -0700 (PDT) Received-SPF: pass (google.com: domain of d.cheng@me.com designates 17.158.236.236 as permitted sender) client-ip=17.158.236.236; Authentication-Results: mx.google.com; spf=pass (google.com: domain of d.cheng@me.com designates 17.158.236.236 as permitted sender) smtp.mail=d.cheng@me.com; dmarc=pass (p=NONE dis=NONE) header.from=me.com Received: from [10.17.1.136] (104.247.47.194.lightower.net [104.247.47.194]) by nk11p04mm-asmtp001.mac.com (Oracle Communications Messaging Server 7.0.5.35.0 64bit (built Dec 4 2014)) with ESMTPSA id <0NMM00IQBENDXV30@nk11p04mm-asmtp001.mac.com>; Sat, 11 Apr 2015 02:23:38 +0000 (GMT) X-Proofpoint-Virus-Version: vendor=fsecure engine=2.50.10432:5.13.68,1.0.33,0.0.0000 definitions=2015-04-10_07:2015-04-10,2015-04-10,1970-01-01 signatures=0 X-Proofpoint-Spam-Details: rule=notspam policy=default score=0 spamscore=0 suspectscore=0 phishscore=0 adultscore=0 bulkscore=0 classifier=spam adjust=0 reason=mlx scancount=1 engine=7.0.1-1412110000 definitions=main-1504110019 Content-type: multipart/alternative; boundary="Apple-Mail=_9E788DA4-4872-4606-BE0F-797F8BE1D3F9" MIME-version: 1.0 (Mac OS X Mail 8.2 \(2070.6\)) Subject: Re: Urgent From: Dennis Cheng <d.cheng@me.com> In-reply-to: <F4C0F55F-9B80-4DC6-AA35-506EBE090C96@gmail.com> Date: Fri, 10 Apr 2015 22:23:36 -0400 CC: John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> Message-id: <9BF532C6-D033-4ECE-8413-B0AED6662C99@me.com> References: <D14DE7F3.2922B%sschriock@emilyslist.org> <CAE6FiQ-Rhjt_-hYBw0WHM+nSzyy1waOo6ZvEsYSs3-7toH-fnw@mail.gmail.com> <F4C0F55F-9B80-4DC6-AA35-506EBE090C96@gmail.com> To: Robby Mook <robbymook2015@gmail.com> X-Mailer: Apple Mail (2.2070.6) --Apple-Mail=_9E788DA4-4872-4606-BE0F-797F8BE1D3F9 Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii Yes, Ann is working on it > On Apr 10, 2015, at 9:42 PM, Robby Mook <robbymook2015@gmail.com> = wrote: >=20 > I believe the policy folks are in the midst of working on it--is that = correct Dennis? Let me know if you need me to nudge them. =20 >=20 >=20 >=20 > On Apr 10, 2015, at 9:04 PM, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com = <mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com>> wrote: >=20 >> Why are we giving them a hard time on the questionnaire? Leverage on = the contract? >>=20 >> ---------- Forwarded message ---------- >> From: "Stephanie Schriock" <SSchriock@emilyslist.org = <mailto:SSchriock@emilyslist.org>> >> Date: Apr 10, 2015 8:49 PM >> Subject: Urgent >> To: "john.podesta@gmail.com <mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com>" = <john.podesta@gmail.com <mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com>> >> Cc:=20 >>=20 >> John, >>=20 >> I don't seem to have your cell with me. Mine is 202-570-8397 = <tel:202-570-8397>. I do need to speak with you regarding the EMILY's = List endorsement and the need for the choice questionnaire. My = executive director, who you know well, Jess O'Connell, heard from Dennis = Cheng that the choice questionnaire may not be sent until after the = announcement. However, EMILY's List has never raised money for a = candidate without that choice questionnaire. We sent the choice = questionnaires Secretary Clinton signed in 2007 for the presidential and = 2005 for her senate re-election. The 2007 questionnaire was negotiated = by Judy Lichtman and Melanne Verveer. All we need is that exact = questionnaire and response signed and dated April 12, 2015 so we can go = live and raise money on Sunday. It is not a public questionnaire, it = will never be public. The questions aren't even public. =20 >>=20 >> I can talk this through, but I am trying to make it as easy as = possible. I realize there are other questions open regarding the = relationship with EMILY's List including the negotiation of a contract = and the direct mail solicitation we would like to do to bundle through = the mail as soon as possible. We can work that out next week, but the = choice questionnaire we need this weekend. >>=20 >> What can I do to make that happen? >>=20 >> --Stephanie --Apple-Mail=_9E788DA4-4872-4606-BE0F-797F8BE1D3F9 Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable Content-Type: text/html; charset=us-ascii <html><head><meta http-equiv=3D"Content-Type" content=3D"text/html = charset=3Dus-ascii"></head><body style=3D"word-wrap: break-word; = -webkit-nbsp-mode: space; -webkit-line-break: after-white-space;" = class=3D"">Yes, Ann is working on it<div class=3D""><br = class=3D""><div><blockquote type=3D"cite" class=3D""><div class=3D"">On = Apr 10, 2015, at 9:42 PM, Robby Mook <<a = href=3D"mailto:robbymook2015@gmail.com" = class=3D"">robbymook2015@gmail.com</a>> wrote:</div><br = class=3D"Apple-interchange-newline"><div class=3D""><meta = http-equiv=3D"content-type" content=3D"text/html; charset=3Dutf-8" = class=3D""><div dir=3D"auto" class=3D""><div class=3D"">I believe the = policy folks are in the midst of working on it--is that correct Dennis? = Let me know if you need me to nudge them. </div><div = class=3D""><br class=3D""><br class=3D""></div><div class=3D""><br = class=3D"">On Apr 10, 2015, at 9:04 PM, John Podesta <<a = href=3D"mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com" = class=3D"">john.podesta@gmail.com</a>> wrote:<br class=3D""><br = class=3D""></div><blockquote type=3D"cite" class=3D""><div class=3D""><p = dir=3D"ltr" class=3D"">Why are we giving them a hard time on the = questionnaire? Leverage on the contract? </p> <div class=3D"gmail_quote">---------- Forwarded message ----------<br = class=3D"">From: "Stephanie Schriock" <<a = href=3D"mailto:SSchriock@emilyslist.org" = class=3D"">SSchriock@emilyslist.org</a>><br class=3D"">Date: Apr 10, = 2015 8:49 PM<br class=3D"">Subject: Urgent<br class=3D"">To: "<a = href=3D"mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com" = class=3D"">john.podesta@gmail.com</a>" <<a = href=3D"mailto:john.podesta@gmail.com" = class=3D"">john.podesta@gmail.com</a>><br class=3D"">Cc: <br = class=3D""><br type=3D"attribution" class=3D""> <div style=3D"word-wrap: break-word; font-size: 14px; font-family: = Calibri, sans-serif;" class=3D""> <div class=3D"">John,</div> <div class=3D""><br class=3D""> </div> <div class=3D"">I don't seem to have your cell with me. Mine is <a = href=3D"tel:202-570-8397" value=3D"+12025708397" target=3D"_blank" = class=3D"">202-570-8397</a>. I do need to speak with you regarding = the EMILY's List endorsement and the need for the choice = questionnaire. My executive director, who you know well, Jess = O'Connell, heard from Dennis Cheng that the choice questionnaire may not be sent until after the = announcement. However, EMILY's List has never raised money for a = candidate without that choice questionnaire. We sent the choice = questionnaires Secretary Clinton signed in 2007 for the presidential and 2005 for her senate re-election. The 2007 questionnaire was = negotiated by Judy Lichtman and Melanne Verveer. All we need is = that exact questionnaire and response signed and dated April 12, 2015 so = we can go live and raise money on Sunday. It is not a public questionnaire, it will never be public. The questions = aren't even public. </div> <div class=3D""><br class=3D""> </div> <div class=3D"">I can talk this through, but I am trying to make it as = easy as possible. I realize there are other questions open = regarding the relationship with EMILY's List including the negotiation = of a contract and the direct mail solicitation we would like to do to bundle through the mail as soon as possible. We can work that = out next week, but the choice questionnaire we need this weekend.</div> <div class=3D""><br class=3D""> </div> <div class=3D"">What can I do to make that happen?</div> <div class=3D""><br class=3D""> </div> <div class=3D"">--Stephanie</div> </div> </div> </div></blockquote></div></div></blockquote></div><br = class=3D""></div></body></html>= --Apple-Mail=_9E788DA4-4872-4606-BE0F-797F8BE1D3F9--
Another one of TVLine's 16 Fall Cliffhangers has been solved.
Although an NBC rep declined to comment, sources close to The Office confirm to TVLine exclusively that Catherine Tate is poised to return for the show's upcoming ninth season as a full-fledged series regular.
PHOTOS & VIDEO | Fall Preview — Your Guide to What's New
Tate's boss lady Nellie initially received a somewhat chilly reception from her colleagues at Dunder Mifflin's Scranton branch. But by season's end, the character's redemption was in full swing as she formed bonds with the likes of Pam and Darryl. In the finale, she even enjoyed a warm moment with Andy after he reclaimed his post as manager (presumably making her his No. 2).
Tate's return means that all major Office castmembers will be back in the fall with the exception of Mindy Kaling, who is headlining The Mindy Project on Fox. Several new faces are expected to be introduced as well as the long-running comedy undergoes a mini-reboot.
I just want to say: I love this Dark Ages + Starter Pack thing, I just recently started playing DF, and I am so addicted to my fort i have in Dark ages, constantly besieged by the three towers nearby, its glorious, even though its gonna die soon. I can feeeeel it. A black Dragon just showed up, and other than completely wrecking anything that approaches it, it doesn't move from the edge of the map where it showed up. Don't know if they're supposed to bum rush the fort like every other mega beast or not, but it was very helpful in wrecking the undead guys. The undead guys were these Byakhee monsters, and they also just hung out at the edge of the map. the black dragon decimated them, as well as some dwarves I keep trying to lure it into cage traps with...
Image caption The anti-piracy proposals have prompted protests across Europe
Germany has halted signing a controversial anti-piracy accord, the Anti-Counterfeiting Trade Agreement (Acta), after the justice ministry voiced concerns.
A foreign ministry spokesperson told AFP that the delay was to "give us time to carry out further discussions".
Latvia put off ratification on Friday. Poland, the Czech Republic and Slovakia have already delayed the process.
International protests against the agreement are expected on Saturday.
The Associated Press reports Germany's that Justice ministry believes the legislation is unnecessary in Germany and that the European Parliament should vote on Acta before the country considers it for ratification.
Anti-Acta websites currently list more than 50 protests scheduled to take place across Germany on Saturday.
Last week about 2,000 people marched in the Slovenian capital, Ljubljana against Acta.
In Janurary thousands of protestors took to the streets in Poland.
Measures within Acta to tackle online piracy have proven particularly controversial.
Previously "Hacktivists" claiming to act on behalf of Anonymous have attacked official websites supporting the international agreement.
Supporters of the treaty argue that the measures are necessary to clamp down on growing levels of piracy.
The treaty has yet to be ratified by the European Parliament.
News
Discovery of what appears to be a new law of nature: more crowding leads to fewer offspring
Why aren't there more lions? That was what puzzled McGill PhD student Ian Hatton, when he started looking at the proportion of predators to prey across dozens of parks in East and Southern Africa.
In this case, the answer had nothing to do with isolated human hunters. The parks were teeming with potentially tasty treats for the lions. So one might imagine that the population of lions in each park would increase to match the available prey. Instead, what Hatton and the McGill-led team discovered was that, in a very systematic way, in crowded settings, prey reproduced less than they did in settings where their numbers were smaller. Moreover, they found this same pattern in a whole range of different ecosystems.
It's a surprising finding that suggests a level of organizational structure and function in ecosystems that had not previously been recognized. Although biologists have long known of very regular mathematical laws governing functions in the body like metabolism and growth, no study has ever shown that similar kinds of laws may exist at a whole other level: that of ecosystems globally. Some scientists are already suggesting that it may well be the discovery of a new law of nature.
It came about by chance.
High school holidays
“I went to high school in Zimbabwe and spent vacations in the National parks there,” says Hatton, the lead author of the study that was just published in Science. “When I began my PhD in biology at McGill, I wanted to go back and compare whole communities of African animals across protected ecosystems to see how the numbers of carnivores are related to their herbivore prey at the scale of whole landscapes. So I gathered all the animal census data I could for parks in east and southern Africa.”
When Hatton and his colleagues then started putting it all together and crunching the numbers, summing up all the carnivores (lion, hyena, leopard, etc.) and herbivores (buffalo, zebra, impala, etc.) in these parks, they found a very unexpected and regular pattern. In every park they looked at, there seemed to be a very consistent relationship of predator to prey. But not in the simple pattern they might have expected to find.
Some surprising calculations
“Until now, the assumption has been that when there is a lot more prey, you'd expect correspondingly more predators,” says Hatton. “But as we looked at the numbers, we discovered instead, that in the lushest ecosystems, no matter where they are in the world, the ratio of predators to their prey is greatly reduced. This is because with greater crowding, prey species have fewer offspring for every individual. In effect, the prey's rates of reproduction are limited, which limits the abundance of predators.”
Once they observed this pattern in one setting, the researchers then began analyzing data about food pyramids, and the relationship between predators and prey in ecosystems as varied as the Indian Ocean, the Canadian Arctic and the tropical rainforests. Over the course of the next few years they analyzed data gathered about both plants and animals from more than 1000 studies done over the past 50 years covering a range of grassland, lake, forest and ocean ecosystems around the world.
In all these different settings, they found a surprising consistency in the relation of predators to prey, and confirmation that rather than the numbers of predators increasing to match the available prey, predator populations are limited by the rate at which prey reproduce. “We kept being astonished,” said Kevin McCann, of Guelph University's Department of Integrated Biology, one of the study's co-authors. “This is just an amazing pattern.”
A new law of nature?
What the researchers also found intriguing was that the growth patterns they saw across whole ecosystems, where large numbers of prey seemed naturally to reproduce less, were very similar to the patterns of growth in individuals. “Physiologists have long known that the speed of growth declines with size,” said co-author Jonathan Davies from McGill's Dept. of Biology. “The cells in an elephant grow more than 100 times more slowly than those of a mouse.”
“The discovery of ecosystem-level scaling laws is particularly exciting,” adds co-author Michel Loreau, adjunct professor in McGill's Biology Dept. and currently at the Centre national de recherché scientifique (CNRS) in France. “Their most intriguing aspect is that they recur across levels of organization, from individuals to ecosystems, and yet ecosystem-level scaling laws cannot be explained by their individual-level counterparts. It seems that some basic processes reemerge across levels of organization, but we do not yet fully understand which ones and why.”
(PHOTOS: Amaury Laporte)
Our book today is Arthur Conan Doyle's unsinkable 1892 story collection, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes, which collects the twelve Holmes & Watson stories published from summer of 1891 to summer of 1892 in the Strand magazine. These stories followed in the wake of the novellas A Study in Scarlet and The Sign of the Four – they were written at Doyle's customary steam-engine speed, but unlike everything he'd done before, they were written in the full and confident expectation of an admiring audience. Sherlock-fever had already struck London and the world; now it was Doyle's job to keep it going.
That he certainly does in The Adventures, although like almost any collection of work previously written under a dozen different deadlines (and in who knows how many different moods and weathers), the thing is uneven. Half of the stories in this collection suffer from one drastic weakness or another, whether it's a gimmick quite obviously thought up while walking down the street (“The Man with the Twisted Lip,” “The Beryl Coronet,” “The Engineer's Thumb”) or very nearly no gimmick at all (most infamously “A Case of Identity,” which hinges on its young heroine being so abysmally stupid that she fails to recognize a man she's known for years because he puts on sunglasses). But oh! The other half! The other half take an already-memorable character and enshrine him in the fictional pantheon!
The other half includes the still-disturbing “The Speckled Band,” in which a fierce doctor retired from India and living deep in the country perpetrates an unspeakable evil upon the young women in his care. Readers of The Lord of the Rings will have no trouble discerning that Tolkien, too, found “The Speckled Band” indelibly memorable – especially the tense confrontation between Dr. Grimesby Roylott of Stoke Moran and Mr. Sherlock Holmes of Baker Street:
“I know you, you scoundrel! I have heard of your before. You are Holmes, the meddler.” My friend smiled. “Holmes, the busybody!” His smile broadened. “Holmes, the Scotland Yard Jack-in-office!”
And there's also the near-perfect “Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle,” in which a hapless thief comes just close enough to obtaining one of the world's most valuable rare gems to regret it for the rest of his life (“The Blue Carbuncle” is also one of the many Holmes & Watson stories that sheds an invaluable sociological light on everyday life in Victorian London – a long and fascinating treatise could be written about what an observant alien could learn about the time from these little mysteries). Here we get “A Scandal in Bohemia” and our tantalizing glimpse of Irene Adler, one of the only women in the whole of Doyle's Holmes canon who's every bit the equal of the Great Detective in brains and brio. And here we get one of the greatest Sherlock Holmes stories of them all, “The Red-Headed League,” in which a seemingly preposterous set-up yields to a tense and satisfying climax. And before we reach that climax, we're treated to perhaps the best of all the little moments when Dr. Watson pauses to consider his strange friend:
The swing of his nature took him from extreme languor to devouring energy; and, as I knew well, he was never so truly formidable as when, for days on end, he had been lounging in his armchair amid his improvisations and his black-letter editions. Then it was that the lust of the chase would suddenly come upon him, and that his brilliant reasoning power would rise to the level of intuition, until those who were unacquainted with his methods would look askance at him as on a man whose knowledge was not that of other mortals. When I saw him that afternoon so enwrapped in the music at St. James's Hall I felt that an evil time might be coming upon those whom he had set himself to hunt down.
Reading The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes becomes a reflex after a while; more so than any of Doyle's other Holmes collections, the book becomes a Victorian safe haven from the cares of the present. In this particular instance, the version I chose was from the old Reader's Digest illustrated “World's Best Reading” set with odd, moody illustrations by Richard Lebenson. Nothing really beats the binding and paper stock of those old Reader'd Digest editions – they take a beating on subway and steamy sidewalk like no other version of the classics. That makes them congenial choices, especially on those rare occasions when one is obliged to stray from the far more civilized option of e-books. The only drawback, of course, is that every edition of Sherlock Holmes should come only with Sidney Paget illustrations – since, as another wise man once said, when it is not necessary to change, it is necessary not to change.
You can be the first to comment!
Yesterday all of us who work for NVIDIA got an email from our flamboyant CEO Jensen Huang. With some really quite startling positive changes to employee benefits for maternity and parental leave affecting employees worldwide. Including worldwide policy of 22 weeks full pay for maternity leave, which far out-strips statutory and industry standards in the majority of countries. Whilst many countries like the UK offer statutory maternity pay for longer in the UK and elsewhere the majority of the time is capped at a rate of under £150 a week.
The Announcement…
“Building a great company is all about our people – attracting great people, and creating a culture that supports us in doing our life's work and building our lives.
One of the best things we do is our parental leave benefit. Today, I'm delighted to announce that we've worked through all the international logistics so that we can extend this benefit to all NVIDIANs around the world.
Birth mothers will receive 22 weeks of fully paid leave. Fathers, adoptive and foster parents will get 12 weeks fully paid. And new parents can take a further eight weeks of flex time, to help with the transition back to work. In countries where the law provides for additional benefits, local employees are eligible for those too. This benefit is also available to parents who have recently welcomed a child. If you're not able to take time off, a bonus payment may be available.
This benefit is not just about the time off. It's mostly about our colleagues picking up the slack to support us during this time. It gives us all great joy to support our families during one of the happiest moments in our lives, and at a time when we need the support most.
Keep up the great work everyone. We are building one of the world's great companies, one that generations of NVIDIAN's will be proud of.
Jensen”
Why is this news?
This is significantly better than NVIDIA have to legally provide anywhere
It applies to employees worldwide – I've worked for companies where companies treat employees differently according to local minimum legislation and it can foster resentment. If something is the right thing to do – then just do it!
It's not just maternity but also parental leave that have been enhanced for all employees. This is a really important factor (in my opinion) in ensuring women of child care age are not seen as a liability or potentially – when the guys in the office take time too
This will make it even easier to attract and retain staff, which frankly makes everyone's lives easier
Whilst some (mainly European) countries offer fantastic parental packages this is usually state funded at the costs of high taxes. E.g. Sweden. This is being driven by NVIDIA, presumably at large costs, a private USA company. In the USA only 11% of employers offer any maternity leave let alone anything of practical financial benefit (see http://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2014/06/good-job-america-a-map-of-maternity-leave-policies-around-the-world/373117/)
What does this mean for NVIDIA customers?
It was an internal memo, most customers I doubt will be aware but long-term feeling the vibe internally I think it will reap subtle benefits for customers:
Consistent enterprise staffing – an organization acknowledging smooth businesses run around accommodating real people
Better staffing – NVIDIA already has a reputation for paying to attract the best, right down to interns (see here). This just makes it even easier to attract those who have the talent and experience to be choosy.
That support or sales guy or girl who picks up the phone may well be a little perkier and responsive because they have the ability to take time when their baby hasn't slept for three months, they aren't distracted because they've left their teeny 6 week old baby in nursery to pay the mortgage etc…
Choosing an ethical supplier is becoming more important to many, recognizing that it's a choice – why choose a company with dubious employment practices when you you can pick one that treats its staff well and also equally regardless of whether they live in a rich country, second or third-world one.
I'd like to think this would encourage others in the IT industry to raise their game, I'm skeptical it will as at least in the UK there has been a trend for companies to normalize to statutory minimum forming a pseudo-cartel. This announcement went against the trend putting such benefits back on the agenda in IT.
Recently the Maersk group offered a worldwide similar package (see here), but that was newsworthy and from a Scandinavian corporation. The Maersk group announcement contained some startling business justification including this quote:
“Women leaving the workforce in connection to childbirth is a global problem, and based on previous analysis conducted by consultancy KPMG, it costs global businesses $47 billion every year* to recruit and train new employees to replace women who do not stay in the workforce after maternity leave.”
I can't comment on NVIDIA's actual motives, rational or messaging on this just how it's gone down with low-level employees like me who were just surprised and delighted this decision was made. It's not considered good form to discuss company memos or benefits but in this case I felt the need to raise this discussion wider than NVIDIA and would be interesting to hear others thoughts/experiences.
References:
Worldwide maternity legislation: http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2012/05/22/maternity-leaves-around-the-world_n_1536120.html
NVIDIA careers site: http://www.nvidia.com/object/careers.html
EUGENE — Oregon senior linebackers Dion Jordan and Kiko Alonso both participated in practice Wednesday and appear to be preparing to play against No. 18 USC on Saturday, according to a team source.
Jordan, an all-Pac-12 selection last season, injured his right shoulder in the first half of the Ducks' victory over Colorado last Saturday. His participation in Monday's practice was limited, but he "looks like he'll be ready to come kickoff," the source said.
Alonso suited up but did not play against Colorado. He wore what appeared to be a hard cast over his left hand/wrist on the UO sideline. The cast was "significantly smaller" Wednesday, which is typically Oregon's last intense practice of game week.
Both players have been exiting Oregon's closed practices out of a side door, near the trainers' room, at the Moshofsky Center this week. Oregon does not disclose injury information.
--
; follow on
.
The NBA just had its most watched Finals game since 1998. As the Warriors beat the Cavaliers in Game 5 on Monday, the game registered a 16.0 rating and became the second-most streamed game of all time.
The last time the league saw a rating that high was Game 6 in the 1998 NBA Finals, when Michael Jordan and the Bulls won their sixth championship. That game clocked in with a 22.3 rating. Since then, the NBA has seen several Game 7s record between 15.3 and 15.8, but they have fallen short of the 16.0 mark that was reached by Game 5.
The game peaked with an 18.8 rating from 11:30 to 11:45 p.m. ET, and it recorded an average of 537,000 viewers streaming the game per minute, with more than 2.1 million unique viewers. That made it the second-most streamed game and the most-streamed NBA Finals game in league history.
Clearly, the lack of parity doesn't hurt the league's ratings.
If there's any takeaway we've had from this series, it's that the general fan didn't care that the entire season was leading up to these Warriors vs. Cavaliers matchup. There were star players galore in this series, which made it compelling. After two blowouts, the games were entertaining. All of this made for a series that was watched more, on average, than any since the 2001 Finals with the Lakers and the 76ers.
There may be other areas where the Warriors' expected dominance causes the league to suffer. We could see local ratings drop, or just online engagement generally. Maybe, if Golden State does this for four more years with little opposition, then things will change. But for now, it doesn't look like we're going to see the ratings tank. Quite the opposite, in fact.
B12 -Hare today, Google tomorrowthis marks the split of the project.13c is the n6 port which gives me liberty to customize more and 13d is closer to a stock previewboth versions will be maintained.13d official preview basedFirst off, the N6 apps are gonna go crazy at boot asking for permissions. They will settle down and you will get access to them.If they don't sync just force stop them and clear data and they should sync.The n6 apps will most likely be removed going forward as new versions come outWe went back to the n5 framework because the n6 ones were starting to cause headaches.Do a clean Flash on this.It does have Tibu built in for L support, You need supersu to use itsupersu linkThis was mostly a bug fixing build for going forward.b12d download preview basedN6 APPS REMOVEDeditor docseditor sheetseditor slidesyou will need to add the whole set of editor in or it will fcmusic is older than what is in the store but some get blocked in countryjust download, check allow installation of unknown sources in security and install if you want13d n6 portsame deal as 11.5 buildthere is no gallery here so you will need to download google + to get the photos app or use something like quickpicthis is based off of a n6 dump,.first thing is to go in and freeze google play services and do not let it update, it will break things if you do.This has the updated audio hal and other fixesFlash supersu for root or to use tibusuper su lnkdownload for 12c n6 based
Most people have heard about Seasonal Affective Disorder and its milder version, the Winter Blues. But at this time of year, when many people are feeling slowed down and disinclined to read a lot of text, we thought it would be a perfect time to present visually some of the key points that most people would like to know about these conditions — and the many things you can do to treat them, without necessarily venturing into a doctor or therapist's office. The infographic below sets these points out visually. We hope you enjoy it and, more important, find it interesting and helpful.
How to Beat Seasonal Affective Disorder and The Winter Blues [Infographic]
Have you experienced, or are you experiencing Seasonal Affective Disorder, or the Winter Blues? Please share your stories about the winter — good or bad — with us. We're always interested to hear from readers. So, don't be shy. Wishing to light in dark days, straight travel ahead, and a cup of hot cocoa — Norman Rosenthal
As always if you enjoyed this infographic on Seasonal Affective Disorder please share it on the social networks, or you can even embed it on your website using the embed code below!
Related Posts:
On the Frontiers of SAD: How Much Light is Enough?
Seasonal Affective Disorder and the Holiday Blues: 5 tips to avoid the Holiday Blues
Preventing Winter Weight Gain: Breakfast and The Carbohydrate Connection
Author: Norman Rosenthal, MD
Prime Minister Brendon McCullum has a ring to it.
John Key had better watch out, Brendon McCullum could be gunning for his job.
The former New Zealand cricket captain has been travelling with Prime Minister Key as part of his trade delegation as he works to progress a free trade agreement with India.
Or is is McCullum leading the trade delegation?
JO MOIR/FAIRFAX NZ Prime Minister John Key addresses media in Delhi.
At a tourism event in Delhi, an announcer got a little carried away when introducing the guests, presenting "Prime Minister McCullum".
READ MORE:
* PM helps dress McCullum
* Max gets telling off from PM
* McCullum says no captaincy coup
It wouldn't be the first time McCullum had taken over the top job following a trip to the sub-continent.
Brendon McCullum's been stealing the limelight off John Key in India but now he's got his job too after a welcome to Prime Minister McCullum — Jo Moir (@jo_moir) October 27, 2016 The Indians have announced a new NZ PM...Prime Minister McCullum has been welcomed at a tourism event — Katie Bradford (@katieabradford) October 27, 2016
McCullum replaced Ross Taylor as Black Caps captain following a tour of Sri Lanka in 2012, something he talks about in his recently released book, Declared.
* Comments on this article are now closed.
Story highlights 35 restaurants under investigation for using opium poppy seeds in their dishes
The unusual seasoning has been banned as a food additive since 2013
(CNN) Dozens of restaurants in China have been busted for serving noodles, hotpot, grilled fish and fried chicken seasoned with possibly addictive opium poppies.
The China Food and Drug Administration said in a statement this week that a total of 35 restaurants were under investigation and five of those had already been prosecuted.
The regulator said the poppy derivatives it detected included morphine and codeine and called on local authorities to step up their monitoring efforts. The additive has been banned since 2013.
Cooks sprinkling powdered poppy on their dishes isn't uncommon in China although it's unclear whether it can make a restaurant's food genuinely addictive.
In 2014, a noodle vendor was detained for 10 days after admitting adding powdered poppy plant to his dishes to keep customers coming back.
Read More
A majority of Hispanic voters said they “support Donald Trump's immigration policies,” undercutting the narrative that enforcing immigration law will drive away Latinos, one exit poll found.
The poll, conducted from Nov. 9 to Nov. 10 by Zogby Analytics for the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR), found 58.5 percent of Hispanic voters favored President-Elect Donald Trump's immigration policies, compared to 32.9 percent for failed Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
Of all voters, 57.4 percent said they support Trump's immigration policies, with 38.4 percent backing Clinton's.
Clinton promised to all but dissolve U.S. borders in her first 100 days in office, and told a South American bank in a private, paid speech she “dreamed” of a “hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders.”
Pollsters also found “77.4 percent of Hispanic voters rated immigration as important or somewhat important in their voting decisions,” compared to 84.6 percent of all voters, and 87.8 percent of white voters.
Twice as many Hispanic voters think immigration enforcement is too laxer than those who think it's too strict (36.3 percent versus 18.3 percent).
“The conventional wisdom that advocating enforcement of immigration laws is a deal-killer for Hispanic voters is just plain wrong,” Dan Stein, president of FAIR, said in a statement. “It is a myth perpetuated by groups and individuals with a political stake in maintaining mass immigration and by a bunch of high-price political consultants who continually misread public sentiment.” Stein added:
As Republicans lay out their immigration agenda for the next two years in control of the White House and both houses of Congress, they would be well-advised to ignore the self-anointed spokespeople and the political consulting class. Enforcing immigration laws, securing our borders, protecting American workers and taxpayers, and setting reasonable limits on immigration enjoy broad public support, including large numbers of Hispanic Americans who stand to benefit economically from the policies President-elect Trump ran on.
Another poll, released on Election Day, found 54 percent of voters—and 52 percent of Hispanic voters—want annual immigration flows into the U.S. slashed in half or reduced to zero.
Another poll released in July found that voters in Midwestern states, which carried Trump into the White House, were on the whole deeply concerned about immigration and its effects on the job market and their wages.
Any pretense of "compassionate" is now definitively decoupled from conservatism. Mike Huckabee, on repealing the Affordable Care Act and the requirement that insurers take all comers.
"It sounds so good, and it's such a warm message to say we're not gonna deny anyone from a preexisting condition," Huckabee explained at the Value Voters Summit today. "Look, I think that sounds terrific, but I want to ask you something from a common sense perspective. Suppose we applied that principle [to] our property insurance. And you can call your insurance agent and say, 'I'd like to buy some insurance for my house.' He'd say, 'Tell me about your house.' 'Well sir, it burned down yesterday, but I'd like to insure it today.' And he'll say 'I'm sorry, but we can't insure it after it's already burned.' Well, no preexisting conditions."
It's a dog eat dog Republican world. Sick? That's your problem. Old? Die already. The only people who count are the able-bodied ones, preferably white. The rest will just have to figure out how to make it on their own.
Another week goes by, and it's time for a new edition of Comm-Link Online. This is where we look at the week's StarCraft II headlines, the hottest community topics, and the latest eSports news. Victory is the only truth that matters!
Headlines
Season 3 Ladder Map Pool Updates -- Along with a new season of ladder play, we continue to update and refresh the map pools, with the goal of providing a fresh and invigorating set of challenges for StarCraft II players of all stripes. With the start of Season 3, you'll find a number of new maps to explore and master.
StarCraft II Grandmaster League Rankings -- You can now check the rankings of the StarCraft II Grandmaster League via the StarCraft II website. The Grandmaster League is where the 200 highest-ranked players in each region compete for the top spot. This list is updated in real-time, so you'll always find the most up-to-date information about who is leading the pack.
eSports
DreamHack Summer -- From June 18-21, 48 of the best StarCraft II players from around the world competed for glory, global recognition, and their share of the 200,000 SEK (approx. $30,000 USD) prize money; half of that sum went to the ultimate champion.
GSL Super Tournament Grand Finals -- This season, the Global StarCraft II League brought 64 of its greatest Code A and Code S players together to compete in a massive struggle for StarCraft II superiority. Boasting the GSL's largest prize pool yet, the Super Tournament has been bursting with exciting matches and high-tension play.
Community
AchieveCraft #7 -- The mission is Media Blitz. Raynor's Raiders have a singular purpose on Korhal IV, and that's to broadcast what they now know, and do so as publicly and as effectively as possible. Armed with the experimental Odin siege walker, the Raiders must find a way to control each of three transmission towers for the time required to upload their message -- and shock the Koprulu Sector.
More StarCraft Comics -- We have some tasty leftovers from our community comic contest to share, such as this bonus comic was submitted by Сергей Плеснецов (Rastrelly).
YouTube Video: Overrun This Town -- Check out this new parody of the Jay-Z, Kanye West, Rihanna song “Run This Town” by Anna Prosser, TempO, and Suspense.
Poll: The Blades of Aiur -- Your foes cannot hope to stop you, only contain you. Even death may not be the end. You are a deadly protoss zealot and you have just finished warping onto the battlefield. What do you do first?
Do you have a suggestion for Comm-Link Online? E-mail your favorite new videos, art, comics, podcasts, forums threads, and blog posts to sc2commwatch@blizzard.com.
Hey Everyone,
For the past six years I have had the immense pleasure of holding the position of CEO at Jagex. It is with a heavy heart that I write to you today to tell you all that this will be my seventh and final year at Jagex as I will be leaving this fantastic company and amazing talented passionate team this December.
I've been wrestling with just precisely how and when to say “goodbye” to not only all the amazing people at Jagex but of course to our beloved RuneScape community. Both have played such a seminal part in my life for what has seemed a lifetime and I have thoroughly enjoyed every minute serving both.
If I look back over the past seven years we've come a very long way as a studio and no bigger testament of that is RuneScape. Now in our 14th year together, RuneScape continues to evolve and reinvent itself time and time again.
One of my proudest achievements at Jagex has been our efforts of tackling Botting and Gold Farming. When I first joined this was a huge problem for the business which I understand had plagued the game and community for many years. Today the game is virtually bot free and with the introduction of Bonds, gold farming too has become almost inexistent. A year on since Bonds was introduced, and I am again so pleased see so many players reap the benefits of many years' hard effort and loyalty.
Back in 2009, I pledged that we would start talking to our community more, and keep you all in the loop after a decade of perceived secrecy. Fast forward to 2014 and I think we have done just that! The return of PvP in the Wilderness & Free Trade, the launch of Old School RuneScape and most recently, Legacy Mode, have all been driven by YOU!.
Add to that the launch of Player Power at the start of this year, I have been thrilled to watch both the team and the community readily embrace this new way of working together. I still think we can do even more and I know my good friend Mod Pips and the rest of the RuneScape team have some really groundbreaking plans for 2015 (I won't steal their rightful lime-light).
It would be wrong of me to say I have always got everything right, because frankly I haven't, but I can promise you everything we've ever done was always done with the RuneScape's best interests in mind. I do genuinely believe RuneScape now has the strongest, passionate and most committed team ever, and RuneScape's future is in very safe hands indeed.
In all honesty, with my departure in mind, I have been taking a step back and passed the virtual baton to Mod_Pips sometime ago. I have no doubt he will continue to lead RuneScape into a very bright future. I know you will all afford Pips and the team the same passion, dedication, support and feedback (good and bad) I've been very blessed with over the years!
Lastly, I wanted the opportunity and honour to say “Thank you for playing RuneScape” one last time and I will continue to pop into game (on my choob account) for many years to come.
Have fun!
Cheers
Eligible for up to Gold Points when you buy this game digitally.
Your demo is on its way. Please check the status of this download on your device.
Visit the "Linked accounts" section under your account settings to get started.
Before downloading, be sure to link your Nintendo Network ID to your Nintendo Account and visit the Nintendo eShop on your device at least once.
To get started, simply log into (or create) your Nintendo Account.
Uh-oh, you're using an unsupported browser. To view the screenshot gallery, upgrade to the latest version of either Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, or Safari.
Tee off as your favorite Mario or Mii™ character while challenging players online.* Shoot into warp pipes and dodge piranha plants in Mushroom Kingdom areas or take a shot at the nature-themed courses. The new Castle Club has both naturalistic and Mario-themed courses, a training area to hone your skills, and a pro shop where you can get unlockable gear and outfits. Test your skills in a gauntlet of course challenges, play with friends locally**, or take on players around the world in online real-time tournaments.*
* MSRP: Manufacturer's Suggested Retail Price. Actual price may vary. See retailer for details.
To enjoy the 3D effect of Nintendo 3DS software, you must experience it from the system itself. All screenshots and videos on this website have been captured in 2D mode.
Use Parental Controls to restrict 3D mode for children 6 and under.
* If eligible for a Just for You offer, the final price reflects the combined Sale and Just for You offers. The Just for You offer is discounted from the sale price.
West Brom are ready to step up their efforts to sign United States international Tim Ream on loan after the defender impressed boss Roy Hodgson.
The 24-year-old spent a successful week training with the Baggies and the club are now set to test the water with his club, New York Red Bulls.
Ream, who has seven full international caps, left Albion yesterday and will spend a similar training spell with Bolton next week but he has already done enough to catch Hodgson's eye.
"He has done very well," said Hodgson. "He has made a good impression on everybody and we think he's going to be a good player.
"We would consider a loan, absolutely. It's to do with New York Red Bulls and the MLS.
"But I don't think the MLS can override the clubs so the principal discussion regarding a loan or purchase of Tim Ream would have to be made with the club.
"Could he play in the Premier League? Yes, I think he could."
Ream's agent has already hinted that Red Bulls would be reluctant to sell Ream in January. But US national team boss Jurgen Klinsmann and MLS officials are keen for top American players to gain experience in Europe, opening up the possibility of a loan deal.
Albion are keen to add at least one central defender to their ranks next month with Gabriel Tamas increasingly out of favour. Manchester City's Nedum Onuoha, who was the subject of a failed loan bid in August, is still on the Baggies' radar.
Daffy Duck. Porky Pig. Bugs Bunny. Woody Woodpecker. Pepe Le Pew. Yosemite Sam. Mr. Spacely. Tweety Bird. Sylvester the Cat. Foghorn Leghorn. Marvin the Martian. Speedy Gonzalez. The Tasmanian Devil. Barney Rubble. Dino the Dinosaur. Heathcliff. What do those sixteen cartoon characters have in common? Their voices: each one was performed by Mel Blanc, pictured above. And one of them he credited with saving his life.
Blanc was born in 1908 and made his way into voice work before his teenage years were out, landing a job at a Portland, Oregon radio station in 1927. By 1935, he had made his way to Hollywood, landing a job at radio station there owned by Warner Brothers. Warner had just begun its animated cartoons business a few years earlier, and had its first real successful character in Porky Pig in the same year that Blanc joined the Warner radio station. Two years later, Blanc took over voice acting duties for Porky, and continued performing the character until his death in 1989. Along the way, Blanc picked up dozens of other characters — including Bugs Bunny.
In 1961, Bugs would save Blanc's life. On January 24th of that year, Blanc was in a head-on car crash which caused his skull to fracture in three places, fractured both his legs and his pelvis, and sent him into a coma. After roughly two weeks of trying to get Blanc to communicate, doctors were finding little success. A doctor took an unconventional approach, for reasons unknown, and asked the incapacitated Blanc, “How are you today, Bugs Bunny?” Blanc replied — using Bugs' voice. He'd recover from the coma a week or so later as doctors were able to communicate with him, using Bugs Bunny as a bridge to Blanc's consciousness. In his autobiography, Blanc credits the breakthrough — and Bugs Bunny specifically — for bringing him out of the coma.
Blanc was bedridden for a few weeks afterward. But his voice work was so valuable that Warner brought the studio to him, allowing him to recuperate from the physical injuries over the course of the year.
Bonus fact : Porky Pig is probably most famous for two things: first, he stutters; and second, he has a catch phrase, “That's All Folks!,” which is used to close episodes of Looney Tunes. Both of these features have a role in Blanc's life. Porky's original voice actor was a man named Joe Dougherty, who spoke with a stutter. While the stutter worked comedically, it meant that Dougherty's recording sessions were very long, and prohibitively expensive, so he was replaced by Blanc (who retained the character's stutter in a controlled fashion). As for the catch phrase? Mel Blanc's tombstone, seen here, is adorned with it, upon Blanc's request.
From the Archives: Behind the Music: The story of another famous voice — but in this case, with a not-so-famous owner.
Related: “That's not all Folks!,” by Mel Blanc with Philip Bashe — Blanc's autobiography. Eight reviews, four stars on average, but sadly not available on Kindle.
Soundtracks
There are many Nintendo titles out there that simply have outstanding music, many of which are released onto a formal OST in Japan. Unfortunately, the rest of the world rarely gets to enjoy these CDs unless one imports them for a hefty price, which is rather unfair. Gathered here are the soundtracks to various Nintendo albums. You will not find mp3 downloads here and we do not endorse any form of piracy. Instead, you will need the latest version of Flash Player in order to listen to the soundtracks via the Flash Players on each page. Simply click the soundtrack you wish to here, then once at it, click the play button. You may skip to any track in the listing by clicking on it. Many thanks to FireGS for encoding all of the players for us, and to Fury for setting up the pages. If you have any issues or have any requests, do not hesitate to e-mail us.
The rapid fire train wreck-a-day strategy of the Trump administration has left some people breathless and others queasy. Flogging a travel ban designed to exclude Muslims, provoking China, insulting Australia, staring down Iran, comparing Russia to the United States, and locally, floating a question of pulling federal funding from Cal due to inadequate “free speech protections” for far-right pundit Milo Yiannopoulos—whew. It's enough to leave you wondering who or what's on first.
But Trump seems a man committed to keeping his campaign promises, no matter how extreme. And lest anyone forget, his central promise was a “beautiful” wall on the southern border of the U.S.
Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto recently gave his American counterpart the diplomatic equivalent of a raspberry over Trump's demands that Mexico pay for the wall, but that hasn't stopped the new POTUS from pushing ahead with the project. And so far, at least, Republican legislators are going along with the scheme, with Speaker of the House Paul Ryan announcing that Congress, or rather, American taxpayers, will foot the $12 to $15 billion bill (and that's the minimum: some estimates are as high as $25 billion).
But a “You go, boy!” from Ryan is hardly sufficient to build the forty-foot high, 1,300-mile-long barrier Trump envisions. There's a lot of resistance to the proposal, including from some members of Trump's own party. And then there's the law. A project the scope of the wall naturally raises a host of environmental and eminent domain issues. The scheme could be fatally hamstrung by the massive inertia enforced by the American legal system before a single post is sunk, cubic yard of concrete poured, or strand of concertina wire strung.
Or maybe not. Trump, apparently, is relying on the force of the Secure Fence Act of 2006 to erect the wall. That statute would allow the administration to waive the federal Endangered Species Act and the National Environmental Protection Act—both potent environmental laws that have stopped many an ambitious project—if the Secretary of Homeland Security deems a wall “necessary and appropriate” for a safe and secure border.
But as noted in a New York Times op-ed penned by University of Chicago Law School professors Daniel Hemel, Jonathan Masur and Eric Posner, the wall could be undone by a 2015 Supreme Court opinion. Michigan v Environmental Protection Agency was written by the late conservative legal lion Antonin Scalia, and required the U.S. Environmental protection Agency to consider the costs of proposed rules limiting mercury emissions from power plants.
That decision could now be used to put the kibosh on the wall, if it can be successfully argued in the courts that the costs of the wall, financial, environmental, and social, outweigh the benefits.
“The wall would cost a lot, and its benefits are unclear, but the Secure Fence Act does give the administration pretty broad powers to dispense with legal requirements such as NEPA.”
“Michigan v EPA is very interested in that it's a political barrier Republicans have used in demanding that specific legislative actions pass a cost-benefit test,” says Holly Doremus, a UC Berkeley Law professor and a co-faculty director for the university's Center for Law, Energy & the Environment. “It's doubtful that a border wall could pass such a test.”
But Cal law professor and Center for Law, Energy & the Environment co-faculty director Daniel Farber isn't so sure Michigan v EPA could stymie a Trumpian triumph of the will (and wall).
“[Invoking Michigan v EPA] is a clever idea,” Farber says. “The wall would cost a lot, and its benefits are unclear, but the Secure Fence Act does give the administration pretty broad powers to dispense with legal requirements such as NEPA. I'd love to see it stopped, but it may be difficult.”
Doremus says disputes over eminent domain—the right of the government to seize private land for essential projects—could come into play, especially in Texas.
“There's not a lot of existing border fencing in Texas, so the wall would have to pass through a lot of private land where barriers haven't been much of an issue until now,” she says. “And certainly, eminent domain seizures are not popular with Republicans in general and Texas Republicans in particular.”
Further, observes Doremus, the Texas-Mexico border is defined by the Rio Grande River. That means that the wall will have to be set back from the river and built on land on the U.S. side.
“That raises not only eminent domain issues, but access to the river and water,” says Doremus. “That could be a significant problem for the many farmers who operate along the border.”
But the biggest stumbling block might end up being that multi-billion dollar price tag. In the guns or butter debate, Republicans generally are lavish in their spending only on national defense. And while the wall is definitely more gun-like than buttery, it isn't a hard military asset like a cool new anti-ballistic missile defense system or new aircraft carrier. Plus, as noted, many Republicans, particularly from the border states, are queasy about a project that can be easily construed as racist in motivation.
“It's really expensive,” observes Bill Falik, a lecturer at Berkeley Law and a real estate developer, “and I'm not completely sure at this point that a Republican congress is going to be anxious to go along with that.”
Nor is Falik convinced that federal statutes such as the Endangered Species Act and NEPA would suddenly turn the project into smoldering rubble; rather, they might inflict the death of a thousand torts.
“You have to assume that plaintiffs such as the Center for Biological Diversity, the Natural Resources Defense Council, and the Sierra Club are going to move for restraining orders,” says Falik. “And if that happens, the government will likely try to move forward, claiming the Secure Fence Act gives them the authority to waive NEPA and the ESA. But the administration will have to show reasonable cause for the waivers, and that means proving legitimate threats to national security. That may be a big hurdle to overcome. And if those cases go from federal district court, to federal appeals court, to the U.S. Supreme Court—well, the administration may ask for expedited review, but it could still take time.”
And time could prove the Achilles heel for the wall. The project will always remain deeply divisive, and given the volatility of the Trump administration to date, support even among Republicans could dissipate as the months, controversies, and protests drag on.
“They're more or less onboard for now,” Falik says of Republican lawmakers, “but it's by no means clear that's going to last.”
Those who have elected to go "all in" are True Believers and there are many factors for why we choose to be. Most of us have a passion for technology, but believe it goes far beyond this. For one I think it is the creativity of the idea that sparks us as to recognize this can be a game changer for how we look at automotive transport. We believe in Paul Elio and his team to deliver America a better form of transport that is uniquely focused on our passion for driving. At the same time we believe it is possible to build a vehicle that is on the leading edge of technology, safe, reliable, affordable, cool wrapped in a quality package. Why do we believe it so?
Click to expand...
Image caption Shakespeare and the Globe Theatre were opponents of the children's companies
Child performers on the Elizabethan stage were subjected to abduction, cruelty and violence, reveals a study by a University of Oxford academic.
Dr Bart van Es says court documents show some child actors had been forcibly snatched from the streets and threatened into performing.
Their parents were then legally obstructed from rescuing them from working in London's seediest theatres.
Dr van Es says these children faced "systematic exploitation and abuse".
The study of London's theatre in the late 16th and early 17th Century reveals a dark underside of cruelty to children.
'Violence and force'
From the 1570s, there had been theatrical troupes in which all the performers were boys, competing for audiences with plays performed by adults.
But research from Dr van Es has examined the cruel way in which some of these children had been seized with "violence and force", kept as captives and threatened with whipping.
These street kidnappings were not illegal, as the theatre owners had licences to forcibly recruit children. These powers had been granted by Queen Elizabeth I and carried her royal seal.
Dr van Es, a fellow of St Catherine's College, says that in theory these powers were intended to find choristers for the royal chapel, but it was an "open secret" they were really about forcing youngsters to join commercial theatre companies.
Theatre owners exploited this royal approval, saying it gave them "authority sufficient so to take any nobleman's son in the land".
This left distraught parents unsuccessfully trying to retrieve their abducted sons through the courts.
Henry Clifton, father of 13-year-old Thomas Clifton, said that a gang of men "did haul, pull, drag and carry away" his son on his way to school, inflicting "great terror and hurt".
He was being held at the Blackfriars Theatre - and rather than returning him to his family, the theatre owners said the boy would be whipped if he failed to obey.
'Scornful'
The father struggling to get back his son complained of their "scornful" disregard for his complaints.
And it wasn't only his own boy who was being held against his will.
ELIZABETHAN ABDUCTION Henry Clifton's evidence describing the abduction of his son, Thomas, on 13th December 1600 "The said confederates... did waylay the said Thomas Clifton as he should pass from your said subject's house to the said school... with great force and violence did seize and surprise and him with like force and violence did, to the great terror and hurt of him the said Thomas Clifton, haul, pull, drag and carry away to the said playhouse in the Blackfriars." In reply, the theatre owners showed the powers given to them by royal authority in 1597 "Elizabeth, by the grace of God Queen of England... to take such and so many children as he or his sufficient deputy shall think meet, in all cathedral, collegiate, parish churches, chapels, or any other place or places as well within liberty as without within this our realm of England whatsoever they be"
Henry Clifton reported that other children had been abducted from "sundry schools of learning" and apprentices had been seized from where they were training "against the wills of the said children, their parents, tutors, masters and governors".
Dr van Es says there also seems to have been sexual exploitation, both in the staging of these children's performances and how these child actors were viewed by Elizabethan audiences.
The academic says there are references by contemporary writers to child performers in a way that is "clearly sexual".
And he says that the plays performed by children's companies were often much more sexually explicit than those presented by adult theatres and much more misogynistic in their content.
Dr van Es says he was surprised by what he had found about the child actors, particularly against the backdrop of modern scandals about child abuse. He says that the children's companies were "bizarre" and "dubious" and should not simply be seen as a peculiarity of the Elizabethan era.
Dr van Es has uncovered his findings while researching a book, Shakespeare in Company, and he says that William Shakespeare emerges with some credit from this dark story.
Shakespeare's writing suggests his distaste for this use of "captive children" for entertainment, he says.
Thomas Clifton's son was abducted at about the same time as Hamlet was being written and Dr van Es says that the play's plot shows that the topic of child actors was a talking point.
The actors in Hamlet have been pushed out by competition from child performers and Dr van Es says there are mocking references to plays put on by children's theatres.
Shakespeare, as other playwrights of the era, used child actors to play women's parts, but Dr van Es says these were apprentices rather than virtual prisoners.
"Shakespeare actually comes out of this rather well," says Dr van Es.
You may recall some fairly strong evidence that indicated cats are jerks, but it seems that may have been an over-generalization.
At least one cat is doing his best to restore faith in the feline species. His name is Meatball and he saved nearly a dozen people from a house fire in South France.
Alexandra Marlin, Meatball's owner, told Mother Nature News that her smoke alarm didn't wake her up, but Meatball's fevered scratching did. Once Marlin realized there was smoke coming from the attic, she rushed to wake the 10 other people staying in the house.
In the chaos that followed, Marlin managed to call the fire department but lost track of Meatball. It wasn't until hours later that the cat showed up, but it's a good thing he did because Marlin's grateful neighbors have promised Meatball a year's worth of cat treats as a token of their appreciation.
Good on you, Meatball. You might be really fat a year from now, but you'll always be a hero.
(H/T Fark)
Reach me at douglas.saffir@globe.com. Follow me @dougsaffir
We on the Climate Realist side are constantly told that we need to offer up actual hard science (as opposed to that murky consensus thing) to prove that anthropogenic global warming is not happening, despite their being statistically no hard proof from the True Believer side that their pet cause is real. Yet, what happens when scientists want to do actual science?
New, convincing evidence indicates global warming is caused by cosmic rays and the sun — not humans The science is now all-but-settled on global warming, convincing new evidence demonstrates, but Al Gore, the IPCC and other global warming doomsayers won't be celebrating. The new findings point to cosmic rays and the sun — not human activities — as the dominant controller of climate on Earth. The research, published with little fanfare this week in the prestigious journal Nature, comes from über-prestigious CERN, the European Organization for Nuclear Research, one of the world's largest centres for scientific research involving 60 countries and 8,000 scientists at more than 600 universities and national laboratories. CERN is the organization that invented the World Wide Web, that built the multi-billion dollar Large Hadron Collider, and that has now built a pristinely clean stainless steel chamber that precisely recreated the Earth's atmosphere. In this chamber, 63 CERN scientists from 17 European and American institutes have done what global warming doomsayers said could never be done — demonstrate that cosmic rays promote the formation of molecules that in Earth's atmosphere can grow and seed clouds, the cloudier and thus cooler it will be. Because the sun's magnetic field controls how many cosmic rays reach Earth's atmosphere (the stronger the sun's magnetic field, the more it shields Earth from incoming cosmic rays from space), the sun determines the temperature on Earth.
Well, there's your science, Warmists, demonstrating in a scientific manner what has been known for a long time. Yet, what happens when you Warmists see this actual scientific proof?
The hypothesis that cosmic rays and the sun hold the key to the global warming debate has been Enemy No. 1 to the global warming establishment ever since it was first proposed by two scientists from the Danish Space Research Institute, at a 1996 scientific conference in the U.K. Within one day, the chairman of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, Bert Bolin, denounced the theory, saying, “I find the move from this pair scientifically extremely naive and irresponsible.” He then set about discrediting the theory, any journalist that gave the theory cre dence, and most of all the Danes presenting the theory — they soon found themselves vilified, marginalized and starved of funding, despite their impeccable scientific credentials.
Attack the messenger, not the message. And, regarding the scientific experiment, you would think that it would be easy to get done, right? Wrong. Jasper Kirby, a CERN scientist, had convinced CERN to allow the CLOUD experiment (Cosmics Leaving OUtdoor Droplets), and
The global warming establishment sprang into action, pressured the Western governments that control CERN, and almost immediately succeeded in suspending CLOUD. It took Mr. Kirkby almost a decade of negotiation with his superiors, and who knows how many compromises and unspoken commitments, to convince the CERN bureaucracy to allow the project to proceed. And years more to create the cloud chamber and convincingly validate the Danes' groundbreaking theory.
So, when someone wanted to do actual hard scientific experiments, the alarmists did all they could to stop it. Furthermore, as the article points out, the big wigs at CERN want the scientists to keep all politics out of the findings, and censored much of the findings and muzzled the scientists.
Funny how the True Believers (who want Everyone Else to be forced to practice what they preach) who always say the Realists are “anti-science” are scared to allow actual science to be performed and published. And unable to offer cogent and coherent scientific rebuttals.
Watts Up With That? has much discussion of the experiment as well as links to the appropriate papers.
And then there is IPCC Vice Chair van Ypersele shutting down open scientific inquiry, per No Trick Zone, which also points out that Globull warming is now causing the sea levels….to drop!
(Note: all except the last paragraph was written back on the 27th for posting later in the day, as I usually write a few in the morning for posting later in the day, as I have no access to a PC at work, and writing one on a Droid is a pain, and just forgot.)
Crossed at Right Wing News and Stop The ACLU.
Share this: Tweet
Email
Pocket
If you liked my post, feel free to subscribe to my rss feeds.
10 November 2012 | larrys3
9 | Mesmerizing and Fascinating Documentary
Produced and directed by Bess Kargman, this is a fascinating and riveting documentary.
Each year, the world's largest ballet competition is held, for young dancers ages 9-19, called the Youth America Grand Prix. In 15 cities around the world five thousand young dancers compete in the semi-finals for 300 slots in the finals in New York City.
They will get five minutes on stage, judged by directors and top personnel from some of the world's most prodigious ballet companies, to try and win scholarships or job contracts for their future careers.
As many of these documentaries are presented, seven hopefuls, with very diverse backgrounds, are followed in their preparations, training and personal lives. I found all of the competitors to be extremely interesting and it was hard to pick a favorite.
You couldn't ask more from a documentary with vivid portrayals of the young dancers and their families, as well as the suspense of the competition itself.
Roy Thurman was perhaps the most ambitious developer in D.C. history. During the height of WWII, as the United States debated putting troops on the ground across Europe and launching the Pacific Theatre, Thurman proposed building a Rockefeller Center-style Super Block just above Dupont Circle. He knew the architect would be Frank Lloyd Wright, and the development, which Wright called Crystal City, would be a masterpiece.
“Concrete pillars will rise like the branches of trees ... Screens of marble, glass, and bronze will be suspended from the steel—like the leaves,” said the architect to a gathering of Washington D.C., journalists when he unveiled his designs, according to an October 1939 article of the Washington Times-Herald.
A conglomerate of 21 buildings comprised a structure where “two walls of every room [would be] made entirely of glass.” High rise apartments floated above shops and a movie theatre. A surrounding courtyard of marble stretched outward. It served as the top for a massive underground parking garage with “tunnels from the uphill street level of Connecticut Avenue so that eight miles of automobiles can be parked in the garage, an integral part of the structure, within 20 minutes,” the Washington Times-Herald reported.
Dr. Neil Levine, professor of Art History at Harvard University, says, “Connecticut Avenue at the time was the preferred traveling route for commuters.” His book, The Urbanism of Frank Lloyd Wright, is considered a definitive text on the architect.
“Back then, D.C. was one of the fastest growing cities in the United States,” says Levine, “with more cars than Los Angeles.”
To shorten commutes, residential areas had crept into much of Northwest D.C. This complicated the path to market for developers. Once a plot of land was considered residential, it by law fell under stricter height requirements. Prevailing thought differentiated residential areas from commercial ones. Developments like Rockefeller Center and Crystal City—with high-rise apartments and shops planned along the courtyard—sought to challenge this paradigm.
A residential area could be 90 feet tall with a 30-foot setback at its highest. Commercial developments would need to compete for space even though they were allowed to be taller at 110 feet with a 20-foot setback. Crystal City was both residential and commercial, 180 feet at its tallest, twice as tall as the cutoff for the residential tract where Thurman was determined to build it.
D.C. has a long history of monitoring the height of its buildings. The tract Thurman leased, Temple Heights, had already been the scene of one unsuccessful development. In 1930, The Grand Lodge of Masonry failed to build the United Masonic Temple upon it.
With a design too tall for the tract, the Masons had approached then-President Herbert Hoover to seek an exception on religious grounds. A non-commercial, non-residential development, they argued, should be exempt from the Height of Buildings Act. With the President's help, a religious exemption bill passed through Congress.
Hoover, in a private meeting with the Masons, explained that D.C. law still gave the National Capital Park and Planning Committee final say, according to Levine's 2016 publication, The Urbanism of Frank Lloyd Wright. They ended up denying the United Masonic Temple.
According to Crystal City Historian Dr. Neil Levine, Wright began referring to the project as Crystal Heights as well after hearing the name of the plot of land for Thurman's proposed development.
“But it will not be built on the heights,” announced Wright at the press conference for the development. “Rather, it will be of the heights.”
Building the development among the trees rather than onto the street would potentially exempt them from many of D.C.'s zoning regulations. This tactical design decision by Wright and Thurman necessitated a tunnel from Connecticut Avenue NW as the entrance.
Needham C. Turnage, the former United States commissioner for the District of Columbia and former Grand Master of the Masons, negotiated an intricate contract with Thurman.
The 180-day lease would cost Thurman and his syndicate of investors $15 million plus $1,000 for every month after 180 days. Another provision was reported in the Washington Times-Herald, “The plan for development of the 10-acre tract now owned by a Masonic order calls for preservation of the oak trees.”
Although hard to imagine now, the area in northern Dupont Circle where Connecticut Avenue NW meets Florida Avenue NW was one of the last truly undeveloped tracts in metropolitan D.C. In photographs, the forest looks pasted on.
“The property has been estate-owned antedating the establishment of the District of Columbia,” Thurman noted. “It was last occupied by its owners during the early part of this century.”
“In fact, Treaty Oak will be the central feature of one of the terraces,” Wright informed his audience during the press conference.
The story goes that Chief Mannacassett of the Anacostia tribe entertained American captives in a teepee beneath a great oak tree. There, he asked a young captive for her hand in marriage. She refused, but rather than put her to death, Chief Mannacassett forbade her from leaving the area around the tree. Since then, the tree was called Treaty Oak.
Treaty Oak ominously appears in article after article about the Crystal City development. According to the Evening Star, “In the realm of fantasy is also the tale that George Washington wanted to erect the Capitol of the United States on the site ... but the widow refused him.”
When news came that the National Capital Planning Commission had rejected Crystal City, Wright responded by doubling down on his inflammatory press appearances, criticizing the D.C. government and the National Capital Park and Planning Commission.
“I had supposed our strength and greatness as a nation ... not to lie in a leveling-off process characteristic of totalitarian government,” Wright wrote in a Washington Post op-ed.
Thurman instead looked to the Hoover bill that was supposed to have helped the Masons, although Levine speculates that there was never any assurance from the city that this bill could be used for the development.
The Height of Buildings Act is the official reason why there is no Crystal City.
“If you want people to build your building, you don't tell them how dumb they are,” says Richard Longstreth, a professor of American Studies at the George Washington University and a member of the Committee of 100 of the Federal City. The organization formed to protect the McMillan Plan, the original layout for the District. The committee also strives to protect historic developments in the District.
According to Longstreth, Wright's reputation as an architect had followed him to D.C. “Wright's projects act as if he's on Tabula Rasa,” he noted.
The architect famously designed in a vacuum. Many saw this as the reason why Wright's design did not integrate into the existing neighborhood.
For Thurman, preserving the famous forest of Temple Heights had done such serious damage to the infrastructure of the surrounding area that it necessitated a development like Crystal City.
“Unfortunately ... new construction did not keep pace with the rapid enhancement of Connecticut Avenue realty values,” wrote Thurman. “Owners and investors resorted to makeshift alterations, making for the ridiculous spectacle of old ramshackle, ‘$100' structures on ‘$100,000' land.”
Over 50 local stores had paid to be part of the development, not included in the $15 million Thurman had raised.
“It can be more difficult to build in Washington ... if you can only build so high you can only make so much, recouping your money is harder for a commercial venture,” says C. Ford Peatross, the former director of the Center for Architecture, Design, and Engineering at the Library of Congress.
Peatross, now retired, is fascinated by unfinished developments. His position at the Library of Congress had given him the resources to track down their stories. “I set out to find if the drawings survived,” says Peatross, “and turned up Thurman.”
“In Crystal Heights, we have conceived a Washington Monument to modern progress and achievement.”
The two later met at a condo in Southwest D.C. in the early 1980s. By that point, the old developer had become obsessed with sailing. Photos of boats covered the room where Thurman and Peatross discussed a binder as old as the Crystal City development itself. For over 50 years, Thurman had been adding the occasional news clipping to his collection of proposal notes and drawings. The binder now sits in Library of Congress's archives.
“He wasn't ready to let go of that album,” says Peatross.
For a while, all Peatross could do was sit with the man and talk about the development. They talked about the oak tree and funding that was always on the verge of drying up.
“He came from Cambridge Massachusetts,” says Peatross. “He had done low-end developments, not quite slums, but was turning over a new leaf in Washington.”
In D.C., according to Levine, Thurman had earned a reputation as a con man selling paperback books, which he turned into a stint as Vice President of the National Home Library Foundation. Succeeding in the development of the Longfellow Building, an earlier project, had attracted Frank Lloyd Wright with some trepidation. However, the man that Peatross had met in Southwest clung to the past and earnest about his desire to understand exactly how the Library of Congress would preserve the binder.
“This was the evidence of how that project happened,” said Thurman.
As the War came to a head, Wright abandoned the project. A private detective hired by Wright had confirmed that Thurman was late on personal rent payments since before the architect took on the project. Having been paid for his drawings and with no reason to believe the project would get off the ground, Wright left.
With the architect gone, Thurman stopped the project. He joined the Canadian military, then returned to Washington, D.C., after the War to continue developing. Nothing would be as ambitious as Crystal City.
Soon thereafter, 20th Street NW was extended through Temple Heights.
The Washington Post bemoaned the lack of available housing in D.C. in its report on the Crystal City development's would-be apartments, writing, “Perhaps these will house a few of the 176,284 persons added to the District's population between 1930 and 1940.”
A 2013 report by the city of D.C. found that upwards of $62 million in annual tax revenue could be generated by residents living in high rise apartments.
The National Capital Park and Planning Commission, now known as the National Capital Planning Commission (NCPC), found new alternatives to development that preserved the Height of Buildings Act, according to a report released during the same period of time. For the Commission, contemporary technology shapes the future of developments in the District.
“People are looking for more flexible office space,” says Julia Koster, director of the Office of Public Engagement at the NCPC. “They want to take their laptop, sit anywhere, and work without feeling constrained.”
Now, the focus has turned to making more livable outdoor space. The Southwest Ecodistrict is an example of this new path forward. Forests and sidewalks will connect separate Super Blocks throughout Southwest as Washington, D.C., prepares for a 30 percent increase in population by 2030.
For a city in need of more useable public space, the Ecodistrict functions similarly to the massive courtyard in the Crystal City development, but geared towards sustainability.
From 1921 to 1940, according to Levine, the National Capital Park and Planning Commission consolidated its power over Washington, D.C., architecture by specifically shaping an aesthetic for the District. Aside from the height problem, a contention point that stopped the development of the United Masonic Temple was that it looked like the Lincoln Memorial on a pedestal.
During this time, the list of approved constructions included the Folger Shakespeare Library and most famously the Thomas Jefferson Memorial. To Wright, the Jefferson, with its large romanesque pillars, was, “as out of place today as Thomas Jefferson himself would be if he came back wearing silk hose and a red velvet coat.”
He added, “In Crystal Heights, we have conceived a Washington Monument to modern progress and achievement.”
Where Crystal City would have been now stands a large assortment of buildings. Among This is the Washington Hilton hotel.
“When I was researching my book,” Levine says, “I went up to the Presidential Suite. Do you know what you can see right out that window? It's the Washington Monument.”
Gray: South American parrots at home in urban Houston South American parrots at home in Houston
When artist June Woest moved into her Bellaire studio, she was surprised to find that a colony of green parrots had set up housekeeping in the gigantic transmission towers behind it. A group of monk parakeets — the Polly-wanna-cracker kind of parrot sold in pet stores — had apparently escaped their cages and were doing just fine on their own.
In the past three decades or so, that story has played itself out across North America. Monk parakeets, from Argentina, were imported to the U.S. in large numbers starting in the 1960s. When the pet birds got loose in urban areas, many fended for themselves, found mates, and raised feral babies. Like pigeons, they're natural-born city birds.
In the wild, monk parakeets build their nests in dead trees. American cities don't offer many of those, so the birds did what immigrants everywhere do: They improvised.
They claimed cell phone towers, stadium lights and pretty much any other large metal structure that would support their extravagant nests: condominiums, really, collections of stick nests for many family units. Bird experts say a typical monk parakeet condo, the size of a pickup truck's bed, can weigh more than 400 pounds and house 20 breeding pairs.
Woest points to a big nest.
“That was the first one, when I moved in 18 years ago,” she says.
Now, the transmission tower holds five more condo-nests. And the birds have claimed another cell tower nearby. They walk upside-down on the nests. They perch in pairs on the tower. They chitter. And sometimes they fly, green against the sky.
Here, in the middle of Houston, is a flock of maybe 150 wild parrots.
Invasive species?
“Technically, they're an invasive species,” says David Sarkozi, of the Houston Ornithological Society. “Just like the tallow trees and Japanese honeysuckle I spend my weekends trying to kill at the Anahuac Wildlife Refuge.” He and Dan Brooks, the curator of vertebrate zoology at the Houston Museum of Natural Science, have included monk parakeets in a study of nonnative birds living in Texas.
But Sarkozi doesn't argue that the parrots should be eradicated like tallow trees. “They're charismatic birds,” he says, and notes that people love to spot them.
He maintains a Web database of bird sightings, and on it, he showed me a map of Harris County's monk parakeet sightings. (You can re-create it for yourself on ebird.org.) The pattern runs diagonally through the county, northeast to southwest — along the line, Sarkozi notes, where a hundred years ago the prairie met the forest. That's the kind of place a parrot likes to live: one where it can build its condo nest high in a dead tree, but forage for food on the ground. Or, in our degraded world, build atop stadium lights, but find breakfast on a soccer field.
Or a college campus. Sarkozi's day job is with the University of Houston's police department. A flock of monk parakeets has established itself in a cell phone tower near Elgin, and sometimes Sarkozi sees the green birds flying up and down Scott Street, skirting the parking lots.
Those parrots interested visiting artist Brian Collier, who salutes plants and animals that flourish in “severely human-altered habitats.” Recently, as part of an art project he calls The New Parrots of North America, Collier built a 9-foot bird feeder intended to help UH's parrots make it through the winter.
Collier and Sarkozi argue that the monk parakeets don't seem to be displacing Texas' native birds. Because the parrots favor human-built objects for nesting, their colonies grow on structures few other birds would envy.
Collier and Sarkozi argue that the monk parakeets don't seem to be displacing Texas' native birds. Because the parrots favor human-built objects for nesting, their colonies grow on structures few other birds would envy.
It's even possible, Collier and Sarkozi say, that monk parakeets fill an ecological niche that was vacant when they arrived in North America. The Carolina parakeet (Conuropsis carolinensis), the only parrot native to eastern North America, was a gregarious red-yellow-and-green bird. It went extinct in 1939 — the victim, most likely, of over-hunting and habitat destruction.
Where the Carolina parakeet faltered, the monk parakeet thrives. It's estimated that 5,000 live wild in the U.S.
By saluting the wild parrots, Collier hoped to draw attention to the ecology we live in — not a pristine, pre-Columbian natural world, but an urban one full of creatures with backstories.
Unfortunately, the artist's parrot feeder didn't attract UH's parrots. Sarkozi guesses it wasn't visible enough.
But the parrots didn't seem to need it. They're doing fine on their own.
lisa.gray@chron.com
WELL, it might make family dinners awkward.
President Donald Trump might have been staying well away from Women's March post-inauguration protests, but his extended family wasn't.
Among the millions worldwide who joined the marches against the new President was Mr Trump's daughter Ivanka's brother-in-law.
Joshua Kushner, the younger brother of Ivanka's husband and senior President Trump adviser Jared Kushner, was spotted among the crowd of more than 500,000 at the Washington march.
Sharp-eyed food editor of The Washingtonian magazine, Jessica Sidman, who tweeted Joshua's photo in the crowd, saying: “Oh hey, it's Jared Kushner's brother.”
She later tweeted that another marcher had asked Joshua if he was related to Jared Kushner, and he “reluctantly” admitted “yes”, he was “observing”.
The lack of support won't be news to the Trump family: Joshua Kushner and girlfriend Karlie Kloss have both admitted previously they supported Hillary Clinton.
Another #WomensMarch marcher spotted Joshua Kushner, asked if he was Jared's brother. He (reluctantly) admitted yes, said he was "observing" pic.twitter.com/2ppR0mWV6B — Jessica Sidman (@jsidman) January 22, 2017
Late last week, the Justice Department ruled on President Trump's controversial move to appoint Jared Kushner as a White House adviser.
In response to claims the appointment might breach federal anti-nepotism laws, the Justice Department cleared the move, saying the White House is not an ‘executive agency' and is therefore exempt from restrictions on hiring.
Two people squirted ketchup on an employee at a Duane Reade at West 50th Street and Broadway, police said. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Heather Holland
TIMES SQUARE — They couldn't ketchup to these troublemakers.
A pair of suspects terrorized a Duane Reade last month, squirting ketchup on an employee and hurling a ketchup bottle at a shopper inside the store, police said.
The duo went into the store at 1627 Broadway, at West 50th Street, around 4:15 p.m. on Aug. 19, squirted the condiment on a 53-year-old employee and ran out, the NYPD said.
Not long after, the two went back into the store and threw a ketchup bottle at someone else inside the store, missing their target, police said.
Police did not provide the ages or genders of the suspects, who fled the store after throwing the bottle.
No one was injured, the NYPD said.
A manager working at the Duane Reade on Friday confirmed that the incident but declined to comment on it.
No one had been arrested as of Monday.
From Russian President Vladimir Putin's perspective, the plan to annex parts of Ukraine probably goes something like this: take Crimea; ignite Russian nationalism in parts of the country where ties to Moscow run deep; then incite anti-Ukrainian protests in these places and use the protests as an excuse to send Russian troops into eastern Ukraine and annex it -- just as he did in Crimea.
“It is classic Russian foreign policy to try to destabilize a country before it completely takes it over,” said Edward Goldberg, a professor at Baruch College and the New York University Center for Global Affairs. “Russia has always considered Ukraine as a nation culturally and historically connected to it.”
Related: Russian Ties to Ukraine Go Much Deeper than Gas
This plan had been unfolding just as Putin wanted--pro-Russia protestors have taken over government buildings in eastern Ukraine, while Russian troops wait at the border. Now, however, Putin's plan is becoming undone for the simple reason that Russian nationalism within Ukraine is not nearly as powerful as he anticipated.
Russia's invasion of Crimea ignited a wave of anti-Moscow feeling that had been latent before 2014. Poll numbers illustrate this; a survey by the Kyiv International Institute of Sociology shows that the majority of Ukrainians, no matter what part of the country there are from, strongly oppose Russia's invasion of Crimea.
Even Russian speakers within Ukraine are against Russia's recent actions. A study by the International Republican Institute shows that 67 percent of Russian-speaking Ukrainians in the south and 61 percent of Russian speakers in the east are not experiencing infringements to their rights, and are against Russian troops being sent to protect them.
The majority of Russian-speaking Ukrainians are also against the invasion of Crimea, believe the referendum to join Russia was a threat to Ukraine, and support an independent Ukraine. Only 14 percent of Ukraine's Russian speakers want to federalize the country in a way that would allow Russian-speaking areas to become part of a Russian federation.
The Russian media paints a very different picture of this. It insists that regions with ties to Russia are under siege by the Ukrainian government and fascists groups. But according to the International Republican Institute, even in Ukraine's far east, support for Russia is low; just 26 percent of people there support federalization, while 45 percent want a unified Ukraine. Even in Donetsk, where pro-Russia activist have seized federal buildings, more than 50 percent of people want to keep Ukraine in tact.
Related: How Putin Awoke NATO's Sleeping Giant
A generational divide also stymies Putin. Most young Ukrainians long for closer ties to Europe, not Russia. The majority of the pro-Russia sentiment comes from older people, who fondly remember communism and are weary of a more European Ukraine. Yevhen Holovakha, a well-known sociologist and intellectual in Ukraine, suggests that within 10 years support for closer ties to Russia will all but vanish, even in areas where Russian is spoken.
Putin's actions have also caused a jump in pro-Europe sentiment across Ukraine. Support for closer ties to Europe went up 10 percent to 52 percent after the Crimea invasion. Support for the trade deal with Russia that kicked off the Euromaiden protests has also diminished, dropping from 72 percent to 55 percent in Ukraine's east.
Many have suggested that Putin's actions show that a fond remembrance of the Soviet Union drives his actions, and he's stuck in a Cold War mentality. Unfortunately for him, these numbers show that the majority of Ukrainians are not.
Top Reads from The Fiscal Times
No, it's not the Live Mesh-like controllable folder sync we're all looking for, but Microsoft says It's pushing out an update to its SkyDrive application for Windows that enables some interesting new functionality.
“Our goal is to build a cloud that seamlessly connects your files to the apps and devices you use every day,” Microsoft's Mike Torres writes in the Inside SkyDrive, Hotmail, and Messenger Blog. “In just a few weeks, more people are using SkyDrive apps than have used Mesh. People using SkyDrive for Windows or Mac are now our most engaged users, syncing files across several devices, sharing with SkyDrive.com, and working together with Office Web Apps.”
Today, Microsoft is starting to push out an update to its SkyDrive application for Windows that will appear automatically, so there's no need for a manual download and install. Improvements in this update include:
Photo fetch in the Windows 8 Photos app. A new feature coming in the imminent Windows 8 Release Candidate will let you “fetch” photos from your other SkyDrive-connected PCs right from within the Photos app, alongside online sources such as Facebook, Flickr, and SkyDrive, and your local Pictures library.
Better performance. The SkyDrive folder on your PC will now update more quickly and reliably when changes are made on other devices, including on SkyDrive.com.
File limit. Microsoft has raised the limit on the total number of files you can have in your SkyDrive folder from 150,000 to 10 million. This should please the power users. (I've actually seen complaints about this, though I'd be surprised if it was an issue for people not paying for additional SkyDrive storage.)
Bug fixes. Torres reports that Microsoft has fixed a lot of smaller bugs to improve reliability.
The build number of the new SkyDrive application is 16.4.4111.0525, according to Microsoft. I'm still running 16.4.3347.0415, so I guess I'm on the original version.
I want to preface this post by saying that, as a human being, I personally do not wish that the livelihood of any other person be taken away unless it is truly deserved.
That said, NFL coaches and players get paid a lot of money to do what they do, meanwhile I get paid nothing for writing here and not-a-whole-lot for the job I do have. So that puts a small damper on the guilt.
I watched the game. It seems to be a trend in my life that when I get to watch my favorite teams, they suck (Sunday), but when I don't watch, they win (see: Week 3 2014 & Playoff game v. Seahawks 2012).
What I saw Sunday unquestionably pushed me over the edge of starting the "Fire Everybody" train. What I witnessed in parts of Sunday was so inexcusable as someone who claims to be both intelligent and a competitor that I think the winds of change need to start blowing real soon.
But for the sake of those who see things differently, I'll examine both sides of the argument. Both sides have strong cases, certainly.
(Note: "Fire Everybody" means at the end of this season)
The Case For
I'm starting with the case for the current regime to stay because I think it's the more difficult case to make. There's certainly some logic behind it but it depends on exactly how you look at it.
1) The offense is as good as it has ever been. This is true. The Devin Hester signing was brilliant. The Jake Matthews pick was great. The OL actually plays respectably (well, it did, prior to Armageddon Sunday) Matt Ryan has become a true offensive terror. All those things combined make for a great offense. All that being said, I don't think you need me to tell you what part of the team will be coming in the case against.
2) This regime has a history of winning. This is true. The regime does have a history of winning. We've been spoiled by our recent success. This level of suck is not new to the franchise itself. 5 straight winning seasons after never having had a winning season is a good feeling.
3) This season can still bear some fruit. We are only 2-2, but our 2 losses are as damning as our wins are...un-damning? Holy-ifying? I don't know.
4) Any given Sunday. The Bucs beat the Steelers, who beat the Panthers. Therefore, Bucs Super Bowl 2014. Right? But seriously, it looks like it could just be a matter of luck as to how many games we'll win. Or, you know, if we have 22 men left to play by the end of the year. Maybe things turn our way sooner rather than later.
5) They've nailed the crucial picks. Dimitroff has nailed all of the picks we absolutely had to have right. Granted, there have been exactly two of those. One was this year (Jake) and one was 2008. And before you tell me all of those high draft picks are slam dunks, well...let me introduce you to Google. And my friend, Gregor.
The Case Against
I could point out so many things from the game that embodies everything that has been wrong with the team since at least last year...so I will.
1) The time management. Don't even try to feed me the "He had faith in his defense" narrative. The end of the first half was the worst thing I have ever seen. They were conceding the half to us and we gave them, essentially, 5 timeouts. Not only that, but we had not stopped them at all up to that point. Why assume your defense is suddenly going to figure it out? Where was the logic in that series of events?
I actually turned the TV off after (McKinnon, I think) lunged towards the end zone. I thought he had scored. When I realized he didn't actually score, I pretty much prayed for them to score a TD there. That would've been the proverbial nail in the coffin for me. I was so angry at what went down that I started rumbling about the Fire Everybody trains on Twitter. (I came back after halftime, like we always do.)
Even if he had faith in his defense, it would've meant more to me to just let the clock run out even if they had stopped them. One's own shame is the best learning tool. Like I tweeted somewhere in there. Take your team into the locker room with your tail between your legs and thank your lucky stars you're only down 7.
But surprisingly, the defense actually stopped the Vikes (somehow) and then stopped them again, giving up only 6 points in two possessions. Aside from, you know, zero. BUT the defense, having found some semblance of the word average for two drives, held on just enough to the point that the freight train known as the Falcons offense rumbled up and down the field to take the lead.
I've heard from other readers and fans that Smitty's time management left some things to be desired. I hadn't had a real poor experience with it myself until Sunday. That opened my eyes quite a bit.
And believe me, I get it. There are a lot of things going on in an NFL coach's life. There are lots of things to think about like down and distance, who's hurt and who isn't, but you're paid to get these decisions right, and you're not getting them right.
2) The defense. I'm going to quote ESPN's Falcons writer Vaughn McClure from this article here. This sums it up wonderfully:
When a defense gives up 558 yards to a team playing without its best player and with a rookie quarterback, something is seriously broken.
Broken, Mr. McClure, is a good word to use.
So many upset people on Twitter Sunday. So many. It's understandable because this was the make-or-break year for this regime, and they've done nothing to suggest this team as a whole is much better than it was last year. 8-8 won't get us into the playoffs, folks.
The defense as a unit is just not good. I really feel like the weakness of this team is twofold: 1) Our LB corps is either being used 100% incorrectly, or they're just not NFL worthy, and that goes for whatever 4-3/3-4/1-2-3-A-B-C defense we're using. Our OLBs are not coverage LBs, yet we continuously make them cover people. Our ILBs are smaller than fullbacks, and it showed on Sunday, and 2) we have literally zero pass rush.
I actually saw Kroy get near the QB on a few plays, believe it or not. I like how Twitter constantly blames him for everything. Yeah, he's not a spring chicken anymore, but he sure as heck isn't leaving the middle of the field open every single passing play.
3) The road Falcons vs. home Falcons
I'm going to reference a tweet I made Sunday as to my feelings on this issue:
This team isn't even Jekyll and Hyde, it's Jekyll and Kate Upton. Except she's getting married tomorrow and Jekyll is all you'll have left — Caleb Rutherford (@FalcoholicZippo) September 28, 2014
To be a championship team, you must win on the road. Road environments are not friendly. Unless you're in Atlanta and half your team's fanbase finds an open seat. Ahem. Just kidding. It's not that bad.
The fact that this team has played so poorly on the road suggests there is something greater at work here. Are we afraid of loud noises? Matt Ryan played a fine game. The 2 INTs were in garbage time, the last one especially. What's the deal? I don't know that I've ever seen a team be so good in one place and so bad in another.
I will add that our two wins are looking weaker and weaker by the day. The Saints, for some reason, look absolutely terrible. And we were in a shootout with them! The Bucs were embarrassed and rebounded nicely, but I'm not suddenly expecting All-Star quality effort from them from here on out. That was a win brought about solely by pride, and I can tell you from experience that you can only go to that well a few times in your life.
4) Constantly injured players. I don't know if this is the GM's fault, the player's fault, the S&C Coach's fault, or what. What I do know is that we've had a lot of players injured far too often. Peria Jerry, HD, Kerry Meier, Spoon, Sam Baker, Julio. Some of our best players have been missing time on a yearly basis. How can we succeed with that kind of problem? That's just another reason to support a change if only because it probably can't get much worse than what we're dealing with already.
4) Where's the fire? I've constantly believed in the coaching staff to "get things fixed" because I think most of this is fixable...somehow. The problem is that the problems are recurring. One week they seem fixed, one week they seem returned with double the sadness.
I know Smitty had a health scare and if that keeps him from being as fiery as he used to be, then I can't blame him. That's a whole different matter. But I'd like to see a little public frustration. I don't even care if he throws the defense under the bus (it's totally deserved) "Our defense flat-out sucked." something, anything. We're getting the same tired narrative on a weekly basis and it has finally hit me that the promises are empty.
Look, I don't really, truly want anyone fired. I don't want someone involuntarily removed from their job, but after 6+ years, this is what we get? We get a defense that can't stop a rookie making a surprise start? We get time management that is so inexcusable, there aren't even words for it?
Hard to believe we were so close to the Super Bowl just two years ago. Now it feels like we'll never get back to it. Is there truth to that? Who knows.
If we do start firing people, I do think Dirk Koetter should be considered as someone worth keeping. For all the misuse Devin Hester had in Chicago, he's gotten this one right. I think he uses Antone Smith well as well. I do think his offense has allowed Matt Ryan to grow in his role as an exceptional quarterback.
As far as replacements, truthfully I don't know. I almost don't want Smitty, Dimitroff, et al to leave because they have given us unprecedented success. Who's to say we won't continue to tank with a new GM and head coach? That thought right there is sobering. Thankfully, we're a little bit better off at QB than we were last time this happened.
We don't need the offense to be much better than it is. We just need the defense to be something.
All I think about every time we blow a game like this is that Matt Ryan is wasting away his career here, and that is the most sickening thought of it all.
The spokesman for Libya's internationally backed parliament says it has voted "no confidence" in the country's U.N.-backed government.
The development is a major blow to international efforts to resolve the crisis in the deeply divided North African country.
The spokesman, Abdullah Ablahig, says 101 lawmakers were present Monday, enough to reach quorum for the vote. He says 61 supported it, 39 abstained and one member voted to support the government.
It's unclear what happens next. Some lawmakers claim the vote would automatically dissolve the government set up under a U.N. deal, while its supporters dispute this.
Libya's parliament is seated in the eastern city of Tobruk. The U.N.-backed government is based in Tripoli, the country's capital.
Libya has been mired in conflict since the 2011 ouster of dictator Moammar Gadhafi.
WASHINGTON, D.C. – U.S. House of Representatives Republicans unveiled legislation on Thursday to deliver tax cuts that President Donald Trump has promised, filling Tuesday television and social media with analysts examine the impact of the proposal.
The 429-page bill, representing what would be the largest overhaul of the U.S. tax system in thirty years. It calls for slashing the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, cutting tax rates on individuals and families and ending certain tax breaks for companies and individuals. N.C.'s Republicans on Capitol Hill responded with support.
“I want to spur higher wages and more job opportunities, I want to lower the tax burden on working families, and I want to bring jobs back to America,” said Rep. Richard Hudson (R-N.C.). “I look forward to further reviewing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and continuing to work to reform our nation's tax code to help improve people's lives.”
Congressional passage of this legislation that would affect nearly every U.S. company and family was far from certain, and opponents quickly came out against it. However criticism of the bill was quickly called into question by the Washington Post when Democrats started using the same claim that “The average tax increase on families nationwide earning up to $86,100 would be $794.00”
The Post gave the claim “four Pinocchios” because, according to their research, the data apparently came from a talking points document produced by the Democratic Policy and Communications Committee, which develops messaging for the Senate Democrats. Their talking points for Democrats pulled from a report from the Joint Economic Committee that said the original framework of the proposal, released in September, would mean that “8 million households that earn up to $86,100 with an average tax increase of $794.” The Washington Post reran the numbers and contact the sources and found that 97 million (80 percent) of households in the bottom three quintiles of income will receive a tax cut. They reported an average tax cut of about $450 for those 97 million households under the proposal.
However Twitter posts making the claim remained online as of press time.
Certain provisions within the tax package will test Republicans, who control the White House and both chambers of Congress, but were unable to deliver the much-promised “repeal and replace” of Obamacare.
A number of provisions in the legislation, called the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, would hit harder those in Democratic-leaning states, particularly ones higher personal and corporate taxes. The measure contains rollbacks in deductions for state and local taxes and cuts in half mortgage interest deductions for new mortgages more than $500,000.
The proposal also brings the U.S. corporate tax in line with Europe and other nations at 20 percent, phases out the estate tax or “death tax” and eliminates the alternative minimum tax. Europe currently has a 25 percent corporate tax, compared to the U.S. 38.91 percent. The U.S. is currently listed as the fourth highest statutory corporate tax rate in the world, according to the Tax Foundation.
“This is a very important and special moment for our country, for all Americans. Are we going to let the defenders of the status quo win and see our country continue down this downward spiral?” Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan asked, despite data showing about eight straight years of economic growth.
Meeting with Ryan and other key House Republicans, Trump told the lawmakers he was counting on them to maintain the momentum for tax cuts, and repeated his request that Congress sends him the legislation to sign into law by the U.S. Thanksgiving holiday on Nov. 23.
That is an ambitious timetable for such a long, multi-faceted piece of legislation that will face a ferocious battle amid fierce opposition from many Democrats.
Trump called the bill an “important step” toward tax relief for Americans, adding in a statement, “We are just getting started, and there is much work left to do.”
The bill presented by the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee would consolidate the current number of tax brackets to four from seven: 12 percent, 25 percent, 35 percent and 39.6 percent. An earlier Republican tax outline had called for cutting the top rate for the highest earners to 35 percent.
The National Association of Home Builders blasted the legislation, saying the changes to larger mortgage deductions would damage home prices and punish homeowners in urban areas.
“We're concerned if enacted, this bill will throw us back into another housing recession,” Jerry Howard, the group's president, said in an interview.
The group said the provision in the bill capping the interest deduction for future home purchases at $500,000 – half the current amount – was unacceptable. Howard said 7 million homes are currently above $500,000 and in high-cost regions like Washington, D.C., New York City, California and Hawaii, the impact would be felt the most.
The bill would repeal the existing deduction for state and local income and sales taxes, and would cap the deduction for state and local property taxes at $10,000. Those provisions would most affect Americans in higher-tax states such as California, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania and Illinois.
The National Federation of Independent Business, the influential small business lobby, also came out against the bill, while the U.S. Chamber of Commerce business lobby backed it.
Ryan said the typical family of four would save $1,182 annually on taxes under the bill. here are some other key points presented by the bill's sponsors.
doubles the standard deduction for individuals and families, from $6,350 to $12,000 for individuals and $12,700 to $24,000 for married couples.
allows small businesses to write off loan interest.
caps the maximum tax rate on small businesses and other non-corporate enterprises at 25 percent, down from 39.6 percent – the lowest on small business since World War II
repeals a personal exemption of $4,050 that taxpayers can currently claim for themselves, their spouse and any dependents.
phase out tax-exempt financing for sports stadiums
subject large private universities to 1.4-percent excise tax on investment income
repeals, the Johnson Amendment, a long standing prohibition on 501C3s from endorsing or opposing political candidates
create a new Family Tax Credit, including expansion of the Child Tax Credit from $1,000 to $1,600 and provides a credit of $300 for each parent and non-child dependent
double exemptions for estate taxes on inherited assets and phases out the estate tax over six years
makes no changes to the tax-deferred 401(k) retirement savings program.
creates a new 10-percent tax on U.S. companies' high-profit foreign subsidiaries, calculated on a global basis, in a move to prevent companies from moving profits overseas.
Foreign businesses operating in the United States would face a tax of up to 20 percent on payments they make overseas from their American operations.
U.S. equities have rallied in 2017 to a series of record highs, partly on expectations of deep corporate tax cuts. Shares of U.S. luxury homebuilders fell after the bill was released. As investors parsed its provisions, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up modestly and the S&P 500 was down slightly.
Investors cautioned the tax plan was preliminary and it was too soon to gauge the effect on specific industries.
The Ways and Means Committee will begin formal consideration of the bill next week before the full House can vote on it. It also must pass the Senate, where Republicans hold a 52-48 majority.
An unhinged Hillary Clinton erupted on a protester at her Fort Lauderdale, Florida rallies on Tuesday night after he accused her husband of being a rapist.
As Clinton spoke, the protester shouted, “Bill Clinton is a rapist!” as the audience began to boo.
Hillary's demeanor changed almost instantly and she became angry at the protester, screaming at him.
“You know, I am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive vision from people who support Donald Trump,” she shouted before she was drowned out by the crowd.
(Interestingly, she didn't defend her husband.)
“We are not going backwards, we are going forwards!” she yelled, continuing to point at the protester.
“So how do we do that? For the next seven days, we focus on what is important. Don't get distracted. Don't get diverted. Focus on the country and the world we want to help create,” she screamed.
Here's video of the protester, his “Bill Clinton is a rapist” sign, and him be led out:
Protester interrupts Hillary Clinton shouting "Bill Clinton is a rapist." Clinton fires right back "I am sick and tired of the negative" pic.twitter.com/yncdkS90Bg — Josh Haskell (@joshbhaskell) November 2, 2016
And another angle:
Man interrupts @HillaryClinton yelling "Bill Clinton is a rapist"- she responds she's tired of divisive distractions. @nbc6 pic.twitter.com/2GPjps1EQB — Jamie Guirola (@jamieNBC6) November 2, 2016
The episode is similar to the incident in April when a Greenpeace activist asked Clinton about fossil fuels and Hillary yelled and pointed in her face.
Progressive Report published a video showing what they say is a Hillary Clinton supporter elbowing a woman they say is a Greenpeace activist in the face at Clinton's SUNY rally in March.
“Thank you for talking about climate change,” the woman off camera said in the video released by Greenpeace. She then asked the candidate if she would go back on her word and not have “fossil fuel money” in her campaign.
“I do not have — I have money from people who work for fossil fuel companies — I am so sick,” Clinton said, the smile long gone from her face.
“I am so sick of the Sanders campaign lying about me! I'm sick of it!” Clinton yelled, pointing in the woman's face.
Greenpeace posted with the video, “At a Hillary Clinton rally at SUNY Purchase campus today, the presidential candidate lost her patience with a Greenpeace activist who thanked her for her commitment to climate change then asked her whether she'll reject fossil fuel money moving forward. Pointing her finger at activist Eva Resnick-Day, Clinton claimed she only takes money from people who work for fossil fuel companies and called the accusations lies.”
Canada has seen a dramatic spike in prescriptions for tramadol, but one drug-safety researcher says people who've been prescribed the popular painkiller are often never told it's an opioid that can be addictive.
Dr. David Juurlink, head of pharmacology and toxicology at Toronto's Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre, says Health Canada's failure to register tramadol under the Controlled Drugs and Substances Act has helped create a perception that the drug is safer than other opioids, like codeine or Percocet.
“The reason why tramadol has taken off is because sometimes doctors don't appreciate that it's an opioid,” Juurlink said. “They see it as some kind of special pain medicine that doesn't have the harms of anti-inflammatories and must not be as risky as opioids.”
WATCH: Windsor mom survives opioid addiction, finds hope in helping others
Tramadol is a completely synthetic drug, but when it's metabolised in the liver it's converted to an opioid, said Juurlink.
“It's an unpredictable drug with an unpredictable response,” he said. “Health Canada decided not to classify it as an opioid, which was a mistake. There is no debate around this.”
New statistics released Wednesday from the Canadian Institute for Health Information (CIHI) show that while prescriptions for opioids like codeine, oxycodone, morphine and fentanyl have all decreased between 2012 and 2016, tramadol prescriptions rose 30 per cent and the defined daily dose – an assumed average dose per day – for tramadol rose 23 per cent. Hydromorphone rose 22 per cent.
The report comes amid a deadly opioid epidemic in Canada, which has led to thousands of overdose deaths.
READ MORE: More than 1,000 people have now died from drug-related deaths in B.C. this year
While the U.S. has classified tramadol as an opioid, Health Canada allows the drug to be marketed as a non-narcotic, according to CIHI, even though the health agency recognized in 2007 that higher-dose formulations of tramadol “may be abused or misused in the future.”
Robert, who asked Global News not to use his real name for medical privacy reasons, works in Toronto's financial sector and started taking tramadol in December of 2015 for shoulder pain.
He said he started taking the pill to avoid drugs like Percocet.
By March 2016, Robert said his shoulder was feeling better and he stopped taking tramadol, but that's when the nightmare began.
“I was literally sleeping one hour a night, and then I would wake up. I would fall asleep and I would wake up and I would get pains throughout my back. I would get the shakes,” he said. “It was a very terrible experience.”
READ MORE: $322M of new opioid crisis spending in B.C., and much of it is going to the cops for now
Robert said his doctor never warned him that he could become dependent on tramadol.
“[My doctor] didn't tell me it acted in a similar way to Percocet. He didn't tell me it was addictive. He didn't tell me anything about it,” Robert said. “The act of taking it didn't hurt me. The act of trying to get off of it has hurt me.”
Health Canada said it is reviewing tramadol and whether to change the classification of the drug, which would put it in the same category as opioids such as morphine, hydromorphone and oxycodone.
“In response to recent data regarding increasing tramadol prescriptions and quantities dispensed, Health Canada launched a review of scientific evidence and current use patterns with tramadol,” the department said in an email. “Once this review is complete, Health Canada will consider whether scheduling tramadol under the CDSA is appropriate. Scheduling decisions are done in consultation with stakeholders, in order to balance all views.”
WATCH: Trudeau says Canada not looking to decriminalize harder drugs, experts call that ‘irresponsible'
However, Juurlink believes corporate lobbying helped contributed to the federal government's decision not to list it in the first place.
“They didn't classify it I think because they got pressure from the companies that make tramadol, including Purdue Pharma … the manufacturer of oxycontin,” he said. “It's an excellent example of corporate meddling in a regulatory process.”
Robert is urging doctors take a closer look at the painkiller and discuss it with their patients.
“Doctors should fully engage the patients as to what they're getting into, that there is a possibility of addiction, that it affects everybody differently for sure,” he said. “That I understand. That wasn't raised to me.”
When I look at most definitions of Apophenia, I can't tell if the word has any opinion on whether or not the data derived from the random stimuli is actually there or not. But then, I think words have opinions. So. There was a time - not that long ago - where we saw lightning, and assumed someone threw it. Probably a dude. This shit is in the firmware. And it's there because occasionally, sometimes, every now and then, it pays dividends.
For all my excoriations of today's mercenary Freemium manipulation engines, I leverage nonsense currencies with abandon in my own house; we need an app to track them all. The young people in my dominion can exchange some volume of these bafomdads for a Movie Night, but we could just as easily change the entry to “Watch Frozen Again” because that's all it's ever been used for. I noticed on the most recent viewing that there's no steam when Elsa breathes in the cold. That took three watches. What else am I missing? Depends on who you ask, really. My Disney game isn't on that level.
Oculus selling to Facebook wasn't a thing until after we wrote the comic, and if it hadn't been halfway drawn maybe we could have switched gears. There's still room for a comic on the topic, though I find it more interesting than hilarious. Give me an hour to think about it, I guess.
There is nothing more mainstream than Facebook. A piece of technology is not truly mainstream until Brenna uses it daily - understand that a chromed ant trail of technofetish gear is constantly paraded before her, she always sees it under optimal usage scenarios, and it wasn't until Facebook as an app that her usage pattern mirrored that of the early adopter. There used to be very serious strictures about the usage of smartphones during meals, or while out, and none of those apply anymore. To her, anyway. And I'm not going to fuck with her about it, because now she knows what I know. What we all know. It's what I've wanted for years: it means something to her.
Before yesterday, The Oculus Rift was technofetish gear. It ceased to be so in an instant. If you want to know how you get to the future described in books, any of the futures, it happens when technology has broad social meaning. I'm not going to tell you it's not fucking weird. I'm as surprised as anybody. I don't like the idea of a fully three dimensional banner ad any more than you do. But do you want to live in a society where telepresence and virtual reality are… normalized? This is how that happens. I used the shitty, old Rift, and I thought I was underwater. Think of every corner they had to cut because they were trying to make this thing in the finite realm of men. Now imagine the corners restored, and the corner cutting machine in ruins.
I've turned down twelve million. But I couldn't turn down two billion, because that's not a number. Two years ago, when they Kickstarted this thing, this kind of momentum didn't exist. It's happening, really happening, like in the Ron Paul gif. It didn't stop happening. I would argue that it is happening more than ever, on every axis that we determine happening…-ening.
(CW)TB out.
By Charles Goldberg
AuburnTigers.com
AUBURN, Ala. - Daniel Carlson was named the Southeastern Conference's special teams player of the year Wednesday in a whirlwind week of recognition for the Auburn place-kicker.
Carlson attended the Lou Groza Award banquet in Palm Beach Gardens, Fla., on Monday as one of the three finalists for the national kicking award. He'll learn if he won the Groza at the College Football Awards Show in Atlanta on Thursday night.
Carlson leads the SEC in scoring, thanks, in part, to hitting an league-best 26 field goals. He scored a touchdown on a fake field goal as well. His six field goals in Auburn's 18-13 win over LSU tied an SEC record. He's also one of best at kickoffs in the nation. Fifty-four of his 68 kickoffs went for touchbacks.
Carlson was named to the coaches' All-SEC first team on Tuesday with teammates Kamryn Pettway and Carlson Lawson. Auburn players named to the coaches' second team were Montravius Adams , Alex Kozan and Braden Smith .
Carlson was also named the league's top kicker Wednesday by Pro Football Focus. His teammates won honors, too. Smith and Robert Leff were named All-SEC first team offensive lineman. Lawson was named second-team defensive lineman.
Charles Goldberg is a Senior Writer at AuburnTigers.com. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @AUGoldMine
Internet Censorship watchdog OpenNetInitiative has released an updated report on the state of online freedom of expression in Vietnam and the verdict is grim. The Communist republic has placed heavy restrictions on the dissemination of information for decades, but in 2012 the government has introduced regulations that would provide new powers to censor and criminalize online speech.
Most worrying is the introduction of the Decree on the Management, Provision, Use of Internet Services and Internet Content Online draft decree aimed at regulating domestic Internet use. The 60-article document is filled with alarmingly vague language, including bans on “abusing the provision and use of the Internet and information on the web” to “oppose the Socialist Republic of Vietnam,” “undermining the grand unity of all people” and “undermining the fine customs and traditions of the nation.” It also requires Internet filtration of all such offensive content, requires real-name identification for all personal websites and profiles, and creates legal liability for intermediaries such as blogs and ISPs, for failing to regulate third-party contributors, triggering grave concerns about the decree's impact on domestic online service providers.
The decree furthermore attempts to require all foreign and domestic companies that provide online services to cooperate with the government to take down prohibited content. For international companies without a business presence in Vietnam, the law would “encourage” them to establish offices or representatives in the country in order to hold them accountable for implementation of the decree. In an earlier draft of the law, foreign businesses would have been required to obtain legal status and set up servers in Vietnam.
According to ONI's analysis, the implementation date of the these new regulations “remains unclear.”
Just as important as the new regulations, the ongoing harassment, intimidation, and detainment of bloggers who have spoken out against the government poses an immediate threat to online free expression. Seventeen social activists and bloggers have been arrested since last August, some of which have received harsh prison sentences, and many of which have been detained for over a year without trail.
This summer, the mother of imprisoned Vietnamese blogger Ta Phong Tan died after setting herself on fire to protest her daughter's detention on charges spreading anti-state propaganda. Ta Phong Tan, a former police officer who documented social injustice on her blog Conglysuthat (Vietnamese for "Justice and Truth"), was arrested in September of 2011, according to the France-based exile support group Vietnam Committee on Human Rights. She was also a member of the Free Journalists Network of Vietnam, a press freedom group that Nguyen Van Hai helped found and which now operates from exile. Tan was to be tried along with bloggers Nguyen Van Hai and Phan Thanh Hai who posted political articals to the banned Vietnamese website “Free Journalists Club.” That trial has been delayed while authorities investigate Tan's mother's death.
In August, EFF joined with 11 concerned organizations, including Human Rights Watch and Index on Censorship in signing a joint letter addressed to Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung requesting the immediate release of all 17 social activists and bloggers.
Dear Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung, As you receive this letter, seventeen Vietnamese social activists, including bloggers and citizen journalists have been in jail for up to a year. Most have not even been brought to trial. These seventeen individuals have been arbitrarily detained because of their work as citizen journalists, environmental advocates, anti-corruption crusaders and human rights defenders. Over the last year, the international human rights community has gotten to know their names: Dang Xuan Dieu, Ho Duc Hoa, Paulus Le Van Son, Nguyen Van Duyet, Nong Hung Anh, Nguyen Van Oai, Chu Manh Son, Dau Van Duong, Tran Huu Duc, Nguyen Xuan Anh, Ho Van Oanh, Thai Van Dung, Tran Minh Nhat, Ta Phong Tan, Tran Vu Anh Binh, Nguyen Dinh Cuong, and Hoang Phong. These individuals have simply sought to exercise their rights to freedom of expression, freedom of assembly and association guaranteed under international law. What they have in common is a passion for social justice, religious freedom, and involvement in the Congregation of the Most Holy Redeemer. Unfortunately, they have been detained pursuant to vague, ill-defined statutes under the Vietnamese penal code: Article 79, which effectively restricts freedom of association and Article 88, which essentially limits freedom of speech. The recent petition filed by Stanford Law School's Allen Weiner to the UN Working Group on Arbitrary Detention argued very well that their continued detention violates international law. On March 12, 2012 nine international NGOs (ACAT France, Access, ARTICLE 19, Electronic Frontier Foundation, Front Line Defenders, Index On Censorship, Media Defence South East Asia, Media Legal Defence Initiative, Southeast Asian Press Alliance) sent you a letter which called for their immediate release and access to legal counsel. Since then, their situation has not improved but rather worsened: Four of these activists have been unjustly sentenced to prison terms and the remainder are being held without access to a lawyer. Blogger Paulus Le Son was transferred to Hoa Lo jail in Hanoi which is known for its harsh prison conditions. Another citizen journalist, Dang Xuan Dieu, has not been allowed a single family visitation over the last year. We respectfully remind you of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam's obligations under international law to protect the rights of its citizens when it ratified the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights. These rights are also protected under the Universal Declaration of Human Rights which is a matter customary international law. Therefore, freedom of association, freedom of speech and the right to a fair trial are basic rights which should be protected under Vietnam's legal system and not unjustifiably curtailed. We believe Vietnam as a country would benefit from greater respect for the civil liberties of its citizens and Vietnamese society would be richer with the contributions of all its citizens. We urgently call on your government to withdraw all the charges against those who are held pending trial and for those who have been sentenced to be unconditionally exonerated. Sincerely, Christine Laroque, Asia Programs Manager, ACAT France
Brett Solomon, Executive Director, Access Now
Nguyen Ngoc, Associated Vietnamese Writers in Exile Centre
Jillian York, Director for International Freedom of Expression, Electronic Frontier Foundation
Kamila Shamsie, Writers at Risk Committee Co-Chair, English PEN
Mary Lawlor, Director, Front Line Defenders
Phil Robertson, Deputy Director, Asia Division, Human Rights Watch
Rohan Jayasekera, Deputy CEO, Index on Censorship
H.R. Dipendra, Executive Director, Media Defence – Southeast Asia
Peter Noorlander, Executive Director, Media Legal Defence Initiative
Gayathry Venkiteswaran, Executive Director, Southeast Asian Press Alliance (SEAPA)
Nguyen Le Nhan Quyen, Vietnamese League for Human Rights
EFF remains deeply concerned about the deteriorating state of Internet freedom in Vietnam and will continue to monitor the situation closely.
In August 2018, Amazon canceled our affiliate accounts as well as our API access (how we collected sales rank data), stating we violated their Code of Use. "Specifically, you are using our Content for reasons other than sending end users and sales to the Amazon Site." I know this is heartbreaking for those who have come to depend on the service. It's also heartbreaking for me as this was my job, my income, and it happened weeks after my wedding (first marriage!). I'm just as disappointed as you probably are.
Below I've outlined what happens next and answer some common questions I've received since this was first announced.
Donate
Purchase NovelRank.com domain and more
If you've found this free tool useful, please consider a donation to me personally: Donate
There is no set asking price as it is dependent on what assets are included: domain, code, consulting, etc. The value is in the positive brand image, SEO, and deep history. Just email me to start a conversation. Please note that the service cannot simply be restarted without extreme risk of a shutdown by Amazon.
FAQ
Will the service come back?
Is there a competitor you can recommend?
How long do I have to download my book's data?
Do you offer any other services?
I have a freemium small business inventory, customer, and invoice service available called ReadySum .
. For those who play tabletop roleplaying games, like Dungeons & Dragons, I have a service for you as well, called HeroMuster .
. I'm also available for consulting on the following topics: Website improvements: Loading speed, User eXperience (onboarding, accessibility, retention), and design recommendations. Business improvements: Efficiency, growth strategies, customer engagement, and customer acquisition.
What's next for you?
How was your wedding?
How do we get in touch with you?
No, sorry.I was the last one standing and also the largest target; I can't recommend another tracking website. Businesses can still purchase theand run it privately.You should download your sales and sales rank history as soon as possible. However, while I still control the site, the data will be available till January 1, 2019.I don't know exactly. I'm trying to grow the above businesses as well as job hunting. Colorado rent is really expensive, but I'm fixed here for now due to my wife's growing food business.We did it on a $4000 budget (including her dress!) and it was magical. 50 friends and family gathered at a Colorado state park.
mlurig@novelrank.com
Regretfully,
Mario Lurig
Founder, Developer, Author
Giants wide receiver Victor Cruz has something special in store for Father's Day Weekend. He will host the first annual Father's Day Exhibition and Skills Challenge on Saturday in Hackensack.
The event will feature football drills, speed and strength training and tips on life skills from experts. It will run from 7:30 a.m. to 5 p.m.. Tickets are still on sale.
Cruz is expected to be joined by Giants running back Shane Vereen, linebacker J.T. Thomas, quarterback Ryan Nassib, safety Bennett Jackson and wide receivers Dwayne Harris and Tavarres King. Bills quarterback Tyrod Taylor may also attend.
The afternoon will end with a celebrity-coached 7-on-7 exhibition, and proceeds from the event will benefit STEM programming supported by the Victor Cruz Foundation.
Giants point spreads for 2016
Cruz, 29, hasn't played in a game since October 2014 because of knee and calf injuries. He has been working on the side during Giants organized team activities (OTAs) in recent weeks and is expected to be ready for the start of training camp next month.
It's not an accident that Cruz is looking to help others make new Father's Day memories. He's the father of a 4-year-old daughter, Kennedy, and talked in a recent documentary about the struggles he had when his dad committed suicide in 2007.
Jordan Raanan may be reached at jraanan@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JordanRaanan. Find NJ.com Giants on Facebook.
In this Sept. 26, 2014 photo, smaller-dose pot-infused brownies are divided and packaged at The Growing Kitchen, in Boulder. Recreational marijuana sellers are reaching out to novice cannabis users with edible products that impart a milder buzz and make it easy for inexperienced customers to find a dose they are less likely to regret taking. The marketing shift is the pot-industry equivalent of selling beer and wine alongside higher-alcohol options such as whiskey and vodka. (AP Photo/Brennan Linsley)
It will soon be a full year in which adults were allowed to purchase marijuana from state-regulated dispensaries in Colorado.
We've already passed the two-year mark allowing adults to possess an ounce of marijuana and use privately. Some Coloradans have chosen to cultivate marijuana legally for the last two years.
Other than these groundbreaking policies, what's really changed?
As a Colorado native simply looking around, I'm inclined to say not much. As a criminal justice reformer focusing on drug policy I know plenty has changed.
According to state data, marijuana possession charges in Colorado for 2014 are on track to fall below 2,500, down from nearly 30,000 in 2010. Data from the National Incident Based Reporting System reveals that arrests for marijuana possession were responsible for 80 percent of all marijuana arrests in Colorado over the last five years.
Over the last two years, NIBRS data reveals a 41 percent decrease in all drug arrests in the state. This drop can be attributed to allowing adults to possess, cultivate and privately use marijuana.
What else has changed? The state's once-tightly regulated medical marijuana industry is now a tighter regulated retail industry. The medical marijuana regulatory framework enforced by the Colorado Department of Revenue was refined to tax and regulate the retail market. As of October, Colorado brought in more than $40 millionin marijuana taxes.
The bulk of this revenue will go towards youth prevention efforts focused on marijuana and overall mental health. Already, we're seeing dividends. The early returns after a year of decriminalization in 2013 are favorable showing a slightdecline in youth use rates.
Also, traffic fatalities are near historic lows, and slightly lower than what we saw in 2013. I'm not claiming a direct causation to marijuana legalization, but marijuana legalization certainly has not hurt Colorado.
Marijuana was essentially removed from law enforcement's playbook of self-serving, ineffectual drug war tactics. Police have historically used marijuana prohibition as an excuse to intrude on the lives of law abiding civilians. The story of Alex Landau here in Colorado is a prime example.
As a former police accountability advocate, I'm reminded that plenty has changed since ending marijuana prohibition in our state. Police are now forced to change their ways and simply focus on whether or not there is imminent public safety harm due to marijuana use.
I'm most pleased as a civilian and father to discover that not a lot has changed. More importantly, the sky didn't fall as many naysayers predicted.
Colorado is being real and facing the fact marijuana is here to stay. In doing so, we are establishing a public health approach to minimize the potential harms of marijuana.
It's safe to say the American media doesn't have much of a sense of humor.
Ronald Reagan often used anecdotes to teach a lesson (as did other notable presidents, especially Abraham Lincoln), but it seems political correctness has taken over to the point where any off-the-cuff remark by a politician or public figure these days is automatically taken out of context and used to brand that person as insensitive at best and racist, homophobic, sexist, you-name-it-ist at worst.
If you don't believe it, just ask Clint Eastwood who was censured for poking fun at cross-dressing Bruce Jenner.
So it isn't really surprising Donald Trump has caught so much flak for his various Tweets and utterances, the most recent being his proposal to temporarily bar all Muslims from entering the United States (until the politicians set a policy, basically).
We've come to learn over the years that Trump doesn't shy from controversy and this latest episode is no exception. But Trump's brash-nature doesn't detract from the fact the Muslim question is a discussion this country needs to have.
It shouldn't take another terrorist attack within our borders to trigger the conversation. Thank God Trump spoke up.
Islamic terrorism expert Andrew C. McCarthy of National Review agrees, writing, “If we continue mindlessly treating Islam as if it were merely a religion, if we continue ignoring the salient differences between constitutional and sharia principles — thoughtlessly assuming these antithetical systems are compatible — we will never have a sensible immigration policy.
“I have no idea what, if anything, Donald Trump knows about sharia. I do know that it's a system we must account for if we are going to succeed in welcoming pro-Western Muslims who will be a boon to our society while excluding Islamic supremacists who want to destroy it.”
Americans who live in or near major metropolitan areas come into contact with Muslims on a frequent basis. President Obama is right on this – they are our neighbors, co-workers and friends. I myself have known many Muslims and never regarded them as anything other than colleagues and neighbors.
I share some of the other Republican candidates' skittish opinions regarding the seriousness of what Trump is proposing. But at its core, Trump is right. America's representatives need to “figure it out,” which includes soliciting input from Muslims integrated into our society.
It's not enough for our elected leaders to feign shock over Trump's bringing up the concept of Muslim inspired terrorism on American soil. It's here already, has been for years and will continue to rear its ugly head until we understand “what's going on.”
There isn't a need for World War II-style Japanese internment camps and anyone on the Left who says that's what Trump is advocating is way off base. The Donald merely called for sealing the borders until certain actions are accomplished.
Something needs to be done. Give Donald Trump credit for getting the ball rolling.
Cruz and Rubio avoid fully confronting Trump on the Muslim question
By now, Republicans should not be astonished at anything Trump says, but that doesn't mean the candidates were ready to respond to The Donald's most recent verbal escapade.
Rebecca Berg of Real Clear Politics reports Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz in particular stayed away from criticizing Trump too severely. “Rubio and Cruz, who have been rising in Republican primary polls, notably opted for subtlety in lieu of the spotlight, reflecting confidence in their cautious, deliberate campaigns for president.
“'I disagree with that proposal,' Cruz said Tuesday. ‘I like Donald Trump. A lot of our friends here have encouraged me to criticize and attack Donald Trump. I'm not interested in doing so.'
“'His habit of making offensive and outlandish statements will not bring Americans together,' Rubio tweeted late Monday.”
Of course Lindsey Graham didn't shy away from blasting Trump and neither did Jeb Bush and Chris Christie. What a collection of “real” men they are.
Berg suggests there may be political motivations behind Cruz and Rubio electing to stay off the Trump third-rail if they hope to eventually compete for his supporters. That certainly could be Cruz's rationale, but why would Rubio refrain? What Trump backer would accept Rubio?
The more likely reason for the avoidance is Cruz and Rubio are both trying to look strong in the eyes of the public on national security. When Trump brings up the subject of radical Islam – even in a controversial way -- neither wants to appear squeamish by calling The Donald crazy or a racist.
Or, in the alternative, maybe deep down they actually agree with Trump. Cruz already said he opposes the proposal itself but there's no indication he flatly rejects the concept of it. Rubio basically said it's just Trump being Trump.
There may be yet another explanation, at least for Cruz. Kevin Cirilli of Bloomberg reports, “The Cruz presidential campaign has the most to gain from Trump's roundly condemned pitch to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the U.S., several Cruz Iowa backers said in separate phone interviews Tuesday. Their reasoning: By contrast, Cruz's positions come off as more politically mainstream…
“Throughout the campaign, Cruz has capitalized on Trump's penchant for headline-grabbing rhetoric in part by refraining from the kind of harsh criticism leveled at the billionaire by rival presidential candidates such as former Florida Governor Jeb Bush, South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham, or Ohio Governor John Kasich.”
In essence, Cruz is astutely avoiding the typical prison cell reserved for establishment candidates. They're so concerned with playing to the middle that they forget the conservative base actually likes it when politicians tell the truth rather than partake in the usual politically correct outrage that is the calling card of Washington.
The establishment scenario goes like this: whine and moan about how awful Trump is; soothingly propose to deploy the American military to cleanly stomp out the radicals in their homelands and then wait for the controversy to die down.
In the end, nothing gets accomplished. No wonder people are fed up with the establishment.
Rand Paul: Obama's the one who should be disqualified for President
Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio may be seen as cautious in addressing Trump's temporary Muslim ban, but Rand Paul held nothing back in taking on the White House for claiming Trump's remarks “disqualify” him from serving as president.
Nick Gass of the Politico reports, “On Wednesday, Paul took to Twitter to list the ways he felt the current commander in chief is unfit for the job, on everything from his policies to his appointments to his interpretation of the law.
“'Yesterday the Obama White House had the nerve to say someone else was unqualified for office,' Paul said, in the first of a dozen tweets. He added in another, ‘Today I would like to put a mirror in front of the Obama White House and show them the top ten things that make HIM unqualified.'”
Paul then listed ten reasons Obama isn't fit to be president. He's right on every single one of them, of course, and there are no doubt more.
For Rand to defend Trump so vehemently is curious given the frontrunner's harsh criticism of the Kentucky senator throughout the campaign. Maybe The Donald will return the favor and give Rand a shout-out at next week's debate.
This is the Rand Paul many of us had hoped to see from the beginning of his run for president. Instead, his campaign has been uncertain in its convictions (to be libertarian or not to be?) and invisible against the big personalities in the contest.
While it's great to see Paul finally speaking up, everyone knows it's too late for him. Even if he could somehow make headway in the polls in the next few weeks he lacks the organization and fundraising to make him a real contender well into spring.
Rand's lost much of his thunder to Ted Cruz and by recently criticizing Marco Rubio's tax plan and hawkish foreign policy, perhaps Paul is giving a tacit endorsement to the Texas senator.
It's coming down to the time where we're all going to have to choose sides. Maybe Rand's tipping his hand in advance.
Cruz deploys Iowa strategy to surge in South Carolina
Finally today, as Ted Cruz has recently gained ground in Iowa, now comes news he's utilizing a similar strategy to advance in South Carolina, particularly targeting the same conservative evangelicals who find him so appealing in the upper Midwest.
Katie Glueck of Politico reports, “A big part of Cruz's strategy, in South Carolina and nationally, is to emerge as the consensus choice of evangelicals and other conservative Christians. To that end, in South Carolina, Mike Gonzalez is leading an initiative to recruit in each county a pastor who will then be tasked with turning out more Christians for Cruz. That echoes an approach Cruz has already taken in Iowa, where efforts are underway to tap a pastor in all 99 counties.”
This isn't just an Iowa or South Carolina-centered strategy for Cruz. It's the foundation of his campaign all across the country – to consolidate full spectrum conservatives into a winning coalition that can't be matched by any other candidate.
Glueck notes Cruz's efforts are ongoing and Trump still clearly leads in the Palmetto State. But with Ted's superior on-the-ground organization and significant head start over rivals like Marco Rubio, it seems like only a matter of time before he sees the kind of poll numbers down south that he does in Iowa.
If Ted's plan is working, we'll likely hear about it in the next month or so.
Britain's voodoo killers: This week a minister warned of a wave of child abuse and killings linked to witchcraft. Alarmist? This investigation suggests otherwise
Horrific: After three days of torture, Kristy Bamu, pictured, was put in the bath and hosed down with cold water to get rid of the blood on his body. Horribly injured, he slid under the water as the bath filled up, and drowned
They appeared to be upright and decent members of our society. She dressed smartly, and had worked for Marks & Spencer.
He drove a top-of-the-range Mercedes and spent his spare time coaching a local women's football team.
But unbeknown to their neighbours and friends, this couple living in their suburban London flat led a terrifying secret life.
They practised African black magic or voodoo, and on Christmas Day in 2010 they murdered a teenage boy in the belief he was a witch.
To rid the 15-year-old of his ‘demons', the couple attacked him with knives, sticks, metal bars, a hammer, pliers and a chisel until he begged to die.
After three days of torture, Kristy Bamu was put in the bath and hosed down with cold water to get rid of the blood on his body. Horribly injured, he slid under the water as the bath filled up, and drowned.
Details of Kristy's murder were revealed at a trial at London's Old Bailey which ended earlier this year.
Football coach Eric Bikubi, 28, and his partner, Magalie Bamu, 29, Kristy's sister, were each sentenced to life imprisonment for killing him at their eighth-floor apartment in Newham, East London.
The case was a shocking reminder of how witchcraft, with its roots in Africa, South Asia and the Caribbean, is now practised in the heart of our multicultural cities and towns.
Nine days before Kristy's death, a mother disembowelled her four-year-old daughter to ‘exorcise evil spirits' at her home in Hackney, London.
Shayma Ali strangled the child before stabbing her 40 times with a kitchen knife because she believed she was possessed by a spirit referred to in the Islamic holy book, the Koran.
She had removed the eyes from the little girl's toys to stop them ‘seeing' the child's evil ways.
Last month, four family members were found guilty of murdering a pregnant 21-year-old woman whom they claimed was ‘possessed' by ‘evil spirits'.
Guilty: Football coach Eric Bikubi, 28, left, and his partner, Magalie Bamu, 29, Kristy's sister, right, were each sentenced to life imprisonment for killing him at their eighth-floor apartment in Newham
Mohammed Tauseef Mumtaz, 25, and his parents and brother-in-law were found guilty of killing his wife three years ago.
And just this week a Nigerian couple were sentenced to seven years in jail after abusing their children — who they believed to be possessed — for ten years.
Their crimes were only uncovered after their eldest daughter threw a note into the street outside her window, begging for help.
Police are investigating a tide of violent acts, often against children, by those who believe in witchcraft practices known as voodoo, kindoki, and juju. But a government minister has warned that political correctness is hampering their ability to prevent such atrocities.
Launching the National Action Plan to Tackle Child Abuse Linked to Faith or Belief, on Tuesday, Children's Minister Tim Loughton said that there had been a ‘wall of silence' around such abuse, adding: ‘It's clear we need to make a stand.
‘There has been only very gradual progress in understanding the issues over the last few years — either because community leaders have been reluctant to challenge beliefs which risk leading to real abuse in their midst, or because authorities misunderstand the causes or are bowed by political correctness.'
Over the past decade, Scotland Yard has recorded 83 cases of children being tortured and abused in barbaric rituals linked to witchcraft.
Grim: This image shows floor tiles which were used in the murder of Kristy Bamu. The case was a shocking reminder of how witchcraft, with its roots in Africa, South Asia and the Caribbean, is now practised in the heart of our multicultural cities and towns
Such horrors are barely credible yet detectives fear they are only scraping the surface of this hidden and abhorrent crime wave. They have linked witchcraft to huge money-making operations in which parents pay wads of cash for ‘deliverance' ceremonies to stop their children being witches.
Horrific exorcism videos promoting the vile practice are on sale in Britain and I was able to buy them myself. Scotland Yard is now so alarmed at the rise in witchcraft ceremonies that it has established a special unit to investigate the ritual abuse of children in the name of religion and culture.
But these detectives are being hampered by a culture that is endemic throughout the state apparatus and conspires to hide the true enormity of what is happening.
The modern-day creed that immigrant communities must be free to follow their own cultures and customs, without questions or criticism, has allowed witchcraft and various rituals to flourish.
Awful: This hammer was used in the killing of Kristy Bamu
At its heart, this abuse is rooted in the belief that a misfortune befalling a family can be blamed on their child being a witch.
The failure of an immigration appeal, a shortage of money, the loss of a job or an on-going housing problem have all been cited as reasons for a son or daughter being deemed to be ‘possessed by evil spirits'.
Even a misdemeanour such as bedwetting can put a child at risk of being labelled a witch — indeed, as we shall see, it was the fact that he wet himself that sealed Kristy Bamu's terrible fate.
Likewise, girls from strict religious backgrounds who bring shame on their family honour by adopting Western attitudes have also been forced to undergo exorcism ceremonies where they are beaten and shouted at until they faint with terror.
Dr Hoskins, an academic who has studied witchcraft for 25 years, gave evidence at the Kristy Bamu murder tria, where he said: ‘Even among educated people in London, I've met those who believe in kindoki [as witchcraft is known in central and western Africa] and that it has powers.'
This first caught public attention with the death of eight-year-old Victoria Climbie more than a decade ago in 2000. Victoria was killed in London by her great-aunt and partner, who said the sweet little girl was a witch.
Mohammed Mumtaz, left, murdered his wife, Naila, right, because he believed she was 'possessed by a djinn'
A year later the torso of a five-year-old Nigerian boy, named Adam by police, was found in the River Thames after he was sacrificed. Police believe he was smuggled into Britain and his body parts used in a ritual medical ceremony to save the life of someone in the migrant community who was dying of an incurable disease.
According to witch doctors, to kill a living person for medicinal purposes is the most empowering form of sacrifice and, the most potent form of all is to kill an innocent child.
In some forms of African witchcraft, heads and other body parts can be buried in front of homes to keep bad spirits at bay. A cup of human blood is said to boost vitality. A powdered concoction made from pieces of brain is believed to lead to riches.
Particularly prized are the genitalia of young boys and virgin girls. If these body parts are cut from a live child they are thought to add even more potency because of the victim's screams.
That such practices take place overseas has long been known. But now they are happening here after being imported from other countries — and in truth they have been going on for years.
The headless torso of a black baby girl was found hidden in bushes in Epping Forest way back in 1969. Scotland Yard are now reinvestigating her murder and think it may have been the earliest case of a killing linked to African witchcraft on British soil.
Sinister: The issues surrounding witchcraft first caught public attention with the death of eight-year-old Victoria Climbie in 2000. Victoria was killed in London by her great-aunt and partner, who said the sweet little girl was a witch
The girl's father, from north-west Africa, quickly became the chief suspect, but fled the country before he could be arrested and questioned. He is alleged to have cut off his daughter's head, legs and arms during a ritual to bring him luck.
According to police and migrant advisory services, witchcraft ceremonies are spreading because of the increasing number of unregulated backstreet churches and mosques that have broken away from the mainstream places of worship to cater for millions of new immigrants from Africa, South Asia and the Caribbean countries, providing a link to their birth countries, cultures and customs.
Many of these horrific events are filmed and can be found on videos selling for a couple of pounds in ethnic shops and market stalls in London. What they show is terrified children, accused of witchcraft, being freed of ‘demons'. In one video I bought, a white-robed pastor is shown hitting a five-year-old boy with a long stick as the congregation chants approval.
His mother cries, but is held back from freeing her son because it is thought — by the prayergoers — to be the best thing for the family and their child. They are scenes which police believe are being repeated week after week in cities such as London, Birmingham, Leicester and Manchester.
But where do these cultural practices become blatant child cruelty punishable by the law?
Rachel Takens-Milne, from Trust For London, a charity that works to combat child abuse linked to witchcraft, says that cases such as that of Kristy Bamu are still rare.
But she added: ‘It doesn't have to be at this extreme to be abuse. Calling a child a witch and publicly humiliating them is itself a form of abuse.'
And, worryingly, Detective Superintendent Terry Sharpe of Scotland Yard says that witchcraft-linked crime is ‘far more prevalent' in this country than official figures suggest.
‘Children have been physically beaten and forced to drink unknown liquids in rituals to rid them of evil spirits. They have been starved and deprived of sleep.
‘Children have been blindfolded and had their hair cut off. They have had liquid poured on their genitals and been murdered,' he said after the Kristy case.
Devastating: Victoria Climbie's mother Berthe is pictured breaking down following her death
So what of this innocent boy's killers, the couple who appeared to be pillars of their local community? At the time Eric Bikubi and Magalie Bamu were busy renovating their London flat and would talk on the stairways to neighbours who thought they were a perfectly ordinary and loving couple.
Five years earlier, Bikubi had even served as a community adviser on child protection issues in the London borough of Camden.
To his family and friends, he was a talkative man, mad about football, who had trials for Arsenal and claimed to have played alongside John Terry. As for Magalie, she tied back her long hair, dressed with some style and had loved her job at Marks & Spencer.
But behind closed doors, the couple could not have been more different from this presentable image. Bikubi, in fact, had a long history of petty fraud and a conviction for carrying a knife on the street.
He also had an obsession with sorcery, which he shared with Magalie. He told police his ‘battle against witchcraft' began in earnest when he travelled to Britain to escape the civil war in his native Democratic Republic of Congo aged eight.
Brought up as a Jehovah's Witness and baptised into the Roman Catholic Church, he was himself accused of being a witch as a child and cast out of his family. His belief in witchcraft was so deeply ingrained that once, when he was in prison awaiting trial, he picked a fight with another inmate and was found licking blood from the man's injured face.
It was to this murderous man's home that an unwitting Kristy Bamu and his siblings were sent by their parents from their family home in Paris for a few days over Christmas in 2010.
His sisters, aged 20 and 11, were beaten along with Kristy, but escaped further attacks after ‘confessing' to being witches. Two other boy relatives, aged 13 and 22, were made to join in the torture.
A nervous teenager, Kritsy wet himself during the visit and suddenly he was accused by Bikubi and Magalie of being a witch and bringing voodoo in the couple's home.
Bikubi forced Kristy to pray for deliverance for three days and nights without food and water.
The boy had a metal bar shoved in his mouth, he was struck in the face with a hammer and his teeth were knocked out. One of his brothers was forced to stand guard so he could not escape, while some of his siblings were made to mop up his blood.
He begged for forgiveness during his ordeal, and even confessed to being a witch to try to save his own life. All to no avail. When Kristy died he had more than 130 dreadful injuries on his body. His face was unrecognisable and pounded to a pulp.
Why Overpopulation Trumps Everything Else. Everything!
Robert Johnson, screenwriter, book writer, feckless soccer coach and player, ordinary citizen, gives a damn about too many humans spoiling the earth and the future of his children, your children. Here he tells you why you should too.
ONCE UPON a time, not so far away, but a long time ago, Robert Johnson and I (hardly) studied at the same University in Santa Barbara, CA. Afterwards, he bummed around for a while, earned a Masters degree in some kinda writing thing at UCLA (and won a prestigious screenwriting award in the process), and eventually ended up back in Santa Barbara where he continued to write screenplays, books, help raise a family, and — in so doing — become agitated about the world his two sons will inherit.
Over time, Robert's angst about general issues the world faces has distilled, rightly, down to one incipient cause: Humans have eclipsed Bunnies… there are simply, and will continue to be, too many of us!
Being the creative type, Robert wrote a book about what some particularly boldly aggressive, distraught scientist did to reduce the human population. It's a thriller. But before I get into that, I'm going to here publish an email that Robert sent to every friend he has — all three — as well as to his wife's many. (She's a Realtor, after all.)
The email outlines how the earth's overpopulation will make every attempt to solve every other critical issue we attempt to solve moot. Moot, as in “forget about it!”
So, first I'll present Robert's email (with a touch of word emphasis by moi), and then — happily — plug his books. (Because he writes really, really well.)
Why You Should Care About Overpopulation, by Robert Johnson
Dear Fellow Earthlings,
I post this out of the simple frustration that our rampant growth continues virtually ignored by politicians and religious leaders. Verily, even though overpopulation is arguably our single greatest threat — not only to the environment and all life as we know it, but also, ironically, to humankind itself — it is doubtful we'll hear it so much as mentioned during this election season. The reason for this is understandable; politicos and clerics alike don't want to offend their base with an issue that might be construed as hindering their flocks from their rightful pursuit of happiness. But here are some simple facts on the matter:
• 2.37 humans are added to the planet every second, that's 4.17 births less 1.80 deaths.
• 250,000 are added each day, roughly an Orlando, Florida.
• 80 million, or the equivalent of a new Germany, are added each year.
• A full billion are heaped on every 12 to 13 years, which is akin to finding the room and resources for a new China every decade and a half, with one-third of them malnourished.
• And as a result of the subsequent habitat loss incurred by our expansion, an average of three animal species are lost to extinction every day, with the prediction that up to 40% of all flora and fauna species extant today will be extinct by the close of this century.
Now, even though it is likely our population will peak sometime this century — the most conservative U.N. estimates say at 9.4 billion by mid-century, others cite figures of 12 billion or more by 2100 — the fact remains we are already well over a sustainable carrying capacity. To wit: in order to sustain our present 7 billion we would basically need one and a half Earths to keep up with the resources we currently consume, and this even while China and India and much of the developing world have yet to become fully industrialized, which they soon will. If I didn't have two children of my own this wouldn't keep me up at night, but I do so it does.
Regrettably even our schools largely avoid the topic of overpopulation out of fear of offending anyone, and this despite the fact that all efforts to curb such threats as climate change, species extinctions, habitat loss, immigration, fishery depletion, oceanic “dead zones,” arable land degradation, human rights abuses, fresh water shortages, urban sprawl, famine, terrorism, and even war itself, are each largely futile as long as our numbers continue to grow. Similarly, such noble and necessary efforts as alternative energy, conservation, recycling, carbon off-sets, endangered species protection, humanitarian relief, etc., are equally futile unless coupled with a vigorous campaign to reverse our numbers.
So what is the Earth's sustainable carrying capacity? No one really knows exactly but most experts agree it is around two billion at our current global average per capita consumption levels — just two. Most scientists and even politicians know all this, but most people, the vast majority in fact, haven't a clue. This is the reason why I am writing this likely futile, little post; in the hope that the magnitude of our reckless growth — “the momentum of folly” as it's been termed — becomes known to as many people as possible, so that we might — just maybe — reverse this trend before it's too late.
And how do we reverse our rampant growth? It's actually quite simple. First we need to make as many people as possible aware of the mathematics of overpopulation; such as the fact we numbered barely one billion as recently as 1805, whereas today we are well over seven billion. Secondly, we need to educate people to the fact that overpopulation is the primary factor behind just about every one of our problems, be they societal or environmental. And lastly, we need to establish a voluntary two-child limit for every woman or man regardless of race, creed, or nationality. Just two. And should we choose to have just one child, or none, or choose to wait until after the age thirty to start procreating — causing there to be fewer generations sharing the planet at the same time — well then, so much the better.
So, towards this optimistic if naive goal, please pass this information along to a handful (or even just two) of your closest friends or loved ones, and hopefully we can spread the word about the dire consequences of overpopulation before it really is too late. “Just two kids, just two billion; we can live with that.” Thanks.
Certainly,
Robert
Robert P. Johnson
Santa Barbara, California
Author of: the momentum of folly and Thirteen Moons: A Year in the Wilderness
A Bit About Robert Johnson and His Books
Robert P. Johnson was born and raised in Oakland, California, then relocated to Lake Tahoe where he ski-bummed, river-guided and swept chimneys before relocating again to “Hollywood.” After earning an MFA from UCLA's Department of Film, Theater and Television, he worked as a screenwriter, winning First Place honors in both the Samuel Goldwyn and Jack Nicholson Screenwriting Awards. He currently lives in Santa Barbara with his wife and two children — just two.
Here's a summary of Robert's book, the momentum of folly (yeah, guess he hasn't found the “Shift” key for capitalization):
A fledgling CDC virologist ventures into the Guangdong Province of China as part of a World Health Organization influenza reconnaissance field team to search for the upcoming season's newest flu virus for vaccine production. While there are his team stumbles upon a particularly virulent strain packing a 70% mortality rate in a localized outbreak. While attempting to return from Asia with the isolated virus our protagonist discovers the nascent pandemic is actually the very intentional machinations of a handful of otherwise altruistic scientists who have reluctantly come to the consensus that the only hope to save the Earth's environment and stave-off the extinction of some 40% of its species by mid-century — and ultimately the extinction of humanity itself — is to cull the population back down to a sustainable number as quickly as possible. Acknowledging the scientists' reasoning, our protagonist is then faced with the quandary: whether to blow the whistle on the conspiracy in an attempt to contain the outbreak before it kills off two-thirds of humanity, or to simply let it run its course, and possibly save the planet by so doing.
OK, so other than the links to his books below, this is it. You're informed. What you do with the info is up to you. You could Facebook this post, buy Robert's book(s), chat about this at your next dinner party, stop procreating. Whatever.
If you have a idea or two about overpopulation, or wish to share your thoughts, weigh in at the Comments section below.
Over and out.
Global warming is driving Earth towards a critical state—especially in the Arctic, where the effects of climate change are expected to be most exaggerated. (Credit: NASA/Kathryn Hansen)
By Megan Scudellari
The Arctic acts as an early warning system for the entire planet. - Dr. Chip Miller, NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory
In early May 2013, sensors atop a research facility perched on Hawaiian volcano Mauna Loa recorded a sobering statistic. The average daily level of carbon dioxide in the air had reached a concentration above 400 parts per million—a level that hasn't been seen since around 3 to 5 million years ago, well before humans roamed the Earth.
Human burning of fossil fuels continues to increase the amount of carbon, a potent heat-trapping greenhouse gas, in our atmosphere. As a result, our planet is warming, and that warming is pushing Earth systems past critical points. This is especially true within the icy realm of the Arctic, the northernmost polar region of the planet, where the effects of climate change are expected to be most exaggerated [1] and have the biggest impact (see sidebar).
NASA scientists and others around the world are tracking these profound changes and trying to understand what the future may hold. In some cases, Arctic systems may be reaching “tipping points” [2]—critical moments in time where a small change has large, potentially irreversible impacts (see sidebar). Examples of tipping points include the melting of permafrost in the Alaskan tundra and the acidification of the oceans. In other cases, where it may be difficult to quantify a particular tipping point, whole systems are racing toward dramatic transformations, such as the melting of sea ice and the decay of the Greenland ice sheet.
“The changes are dramatic,” said Ron Kwok, a senior research scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory. “It is indisputable that sea level rise, disappearing sea ice, melting ice sheets and other changes are happening. It's a call to action in terms of understanding and mitigation.”
Fire and ice
Eighty-one percent of Greenland, which is located mostly inside the Arctic Circle and is the world's largest island, is covered by ice. Today, that ice is melting. “The rate at which Greenland is dumping ice and water into the ocean is not just surprisingly high, it keeps getting higher,” said Waleed Abdalati, director of the Earth Science & Observation Center at the University of Colorado at Boulder and Chief Scientist at NASA from 2011 to 2012.
This melting could have significant planetary consequences: Greenland holds so much ice that if it were all to melt, sea level would rise an astounding 23 feet (7 meters). “Nobody really thinks it is all going to go away in the next few centuries, but the question is, how much of that 23 feet will spill into ocean? Will it be five feet or just six inches?” Abdalati said. “The answer has serious implications for society all over the world.” Indeed, some scientists think the lower limit of five feet of sea level rise is too conservative.
About one in 10 people (more than 600 million people) live in low-lying coastal areas that are less than 30 feet (9 meters) above sea level [3]. Two thirds of the world's largest cities are located at least partly in these low-lying regions. So sea level rise has the capacity to affect huge swathes of people, most likely in poorer and developing nations.
The changes are dramatic. It's a call to action. - Dr. Ron Kwok, NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory
Abdalati and others are using data from the NASA Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment (GRACE) to build a clear picture of how much Greenland is shrinking and the impact this might have (see sidebar).
In addition to Greenland's land ice (glaciers), global warming is heating up and melting sea ice as well, frozen ocean water that covers an area twice the size of Canada across the North and South poles. For the first half of the 20th century, sea ice cover in the Arctic was steady and reliable, growing to 15 million square kilometers (5.8 million square miles) every March and melting to 7 million square kilometers (2.7 million square miles) each September, as temperatures followed the seasons. But now that's all changing, said Kwok, who studies sea ice change in the Arctic.
Credit: Orbital Sciences Corporation
Over the last 11 years, summer Arctic ice coverage has dropped dramatically. The Arctic September minimum extent reached a new record low [4] in 2012 of 3.6 million square kilometers (1.4 million square miles), 44 percent below the 1981-2010 average and 16 percent below the previous record in 2007 [5]. The last six years (2007-2012) have seen the six lowest minimum extents in the satellite record (since 1979). “All climate models are projecting an ice-free summer within the next 20 years or so," Kwok said. "It's not very far away.”
To measure changes in Arctic sea ice, Kwok and other NASA researchers use satellites, including ICESat, to measure the thickness and volume of sea ice. Today, all signs point to less and less sea ice, both in terms of coverage area and volume. And though ice can always grow back, given a few cold years, it's becoming less and less likely to imagine Arctic sea ice returning to a state it was in just 10 years ago.
The complete loss of sea ice has major knock-on effects, which we're already beginning to witness as the ice disappears. Ice-free Arctic summers will cause major changes in ocean ecosystems, boosting, for example, the growth of phytoplankton, which bloom as sunlight penetrates the ice.
Ice-free summers also mean there is less ice to reflect sunshine back out into space, meaning that instead the ocean absorbs that energy, becoming even warmer. That is not good news for the already stressed ocean.
Acid and frost
“Ocean warming affects marine life in temperate latitudes," explained Scott Doney, director of the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution Ocean and Climate Change Institute. In some areas, such as Cape Cod where Doney is based, species such as cod, haddock, and winter flounder are shifting their geographic ranges to account for increasing ocean temperatures. “We're starting to see more warm water species and fewer cold water species,” he said. Diseases also spread faster in warmer water, so parasites are having larger effects on species, especially delicate coral reefs, but also abalones, oysters, fish and marine mammals.
In addition to warming the oceans (indirectly, via global warming), carbon dioxide is having another more direct impact on the planet's oceans: they are becoming more acidic. The oceans currently absorb about a quarter of the carbon dioxide that humans put out into the air, which lowers the pH of the water. (Of the remaining three-quarters, plants absorb some, and the rest rises and settles in the atmosphere.)
This extra acidity makes it more difficult for shell-forming marine organisms such as plankton and mollusks to form and maintain calcium carbonate shells and skeletal components. “We know that ocean chemistry is changing,” Doney said. “We see striking trends.” On the U.S. West coast, farmers are already changing the way they do business to cope with the negative impacts more corrosive seawater is having on shellfish growth.
And though the effects of climate change may be most visible with ice and water, one of the most dramatic coming effects of global warming is on land, within the solid, cement-like permafrost beneath Alaska and Western Canada. Permafrost [6] is layer upon layer of frozen soil, some of which has formed over thousands of years from compacted dead plants, and it is chock-full of carbon. There are an estimated 1700 billion metric tons of carbon tucked away in northern permafrost—more than twice the carbon currently in the atmosphere.
As the planet warms, permafrost thaws and releases portions of that carbon into the air, as both carbon dioxide and methane (methane being a greenhouse gas twenty-two times more powerful at trapping heat than carbon dioxide). Today, scientists are trying to identify when and how significantly that thawing will occur.
“We're looking for harbingers of what could be a massive release of carbon from thawing permafrost soils of the high latitudes of the Northern Hemisphere,” said Charles Miller, a NASA research scientist and the principal investigator of the airplane-based mission Carbon in Arctic Reservoirs Vulnerability Experiment (CARVE).
With CARVE [7], NASA researchers are flying around the Alaskan arctic in a small plane, taking measurements of temperature, carbon dioxide, oxygen and the amount of moisture at the ground level. In 2013, the CARVE team is flying every day for two weeks per month from May until October, swooping low to take measurements of the Alaskan surface to determine how fast and where the permafrost is melting. “We want to get into the mud—to record the most local signals that we can,” Miller said. The project has already made one sobering observation: there is more methane in the local air earlier in the year, and it is sustained longer throughout the summer, than current models expected.
What the CARVE team finds will help scientists predict what might happen to permafrost in other parts of the globe, such as in Antarctica or the Andes Mountains. “Because we expect changes to happen largest and first in Arctic, the Arctic acts as an early warning system for the entire planet,” Miller said. Within a few decades, the Arctic will be unrecognizable to any explorers who had seen it in centuries past. Scientists are already seeing the signs.
Related reading
1. Earth's changing temperature, NASA Earth Observatory
2. "Tipping elements in the Earth's climate system," T. Lenton et al., Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Vol. 105 no. 6, 1786-1793 (2008), doi:10.1073/pnas.0705414105.
3. Study: 634 million people at risk from rising seas
4. Arctic sea ice key indicator, NASA Global Climate Change
5. State of the cryosphere, National Snow and Ice Data Center
6. Just 5 questions: What lies beneath
7. CARVE mission
8. GRACE mission
9. ICESat and ICESat-2 missions
As Fuse noted yesterday, the screams when BTS' leader and main rapper Rap Monster popped up as an unexpected MC for Day 1's concert at KCON 2016 New York were some of the loudest in the Prudential Center, but they'd nearly pale in comparison to when he and his full group took to arena's massive stage. While the K-pop boy band is now famous for their mind-bogglingly in-synch choreography, the performance and its setlist proved why BTS is truly at a headliner status when it comes to meeting international fans.
Greeted by near-deafening screams as fellow performers Ailee and Eric Nam introduced them, BTS were raised from below the concert stage as the seven members excitedly shouted at the audience, further sending them into a tizzy. The group opened with a precise performance of 2016 singles "Fire" and "Save Me," with the latter track particularly rousing up the crowd on the dance breakdown.
But what might have been most telling about BTS' superstar status is what followed after their latest singles. For their third song, the septet moved into "Boyz With Fun," an album cut from 2015's The Most Beautiful Moment in Life, Part 1 EP. Instead of opting for Part 1's lead single "I Need U"—the breakout music moment for the band that secured their first hit in their domestic Korea—the boys chose another track on the release. Though, "Boyz With Fun" wasn't too foreign for fans as the group performed the song on Korean music chart shows and fans could join in on the choreography they may have studied from YouTube—with BTS ending with a particularly a dazzling dance spout at the end.
But then BTS continued to push further away from their noted releases with their fourth song choice as their "BTS Cypher, Pt.3: Killer" track off 2014 album Dark&Wild. Hip-hop fans know that cyphers are one-of-a-kind moments, but here was BTS delivering one of theirs for the 18,000-strong crowd. Of even more note, BTS didn't need to rely on totally pre-planned stage movements and choreography but instead worked the stage as they pleased and still enchanted the audience.
The group didn't spend a ton of time talking with the crowd, but it was clear they were taking in every moment—perhaps best seen when member Suga took off his ear piece to truly hear the audience's screams before greeting them. BTS ended their set with international favorite "Dope," but the reaction they elicited earlier truly proves BTS' stronghold in the American market. BTS can be confident and take a risk performing something other than the hits everyone knows in an international arena setting and that's something only a handful artists can do.
Green Bay Packers guard Josh Sitton (71) looks on from the sidelines in the fourth quarter against the Arizona Cardinals at University of Phoenix Stadium. (Photo: Evan Siegle/P-G Media)
GREEN BAY - General manager Ted Thompson on Wednesday declined to offer an explanation for the Green Bay Packers' release of guard Josh Sitton.
“I'm not going to go there,” Thompson said during an interview. “Not right now, no.”
The 30-year-old Sitton, a fourth-round draft choice in 2008 who developed into one of the great guards in franchise history, was released Saturday in probably the Packers' most stunning final-cut decision in 30 years. On Sunday night, he signed with the Chicago Bears.
“I will say this,” Thompson added. “Josh Sitton is a heck of a football player and a good teammate. He's one of the better picks I've ever made."
Diplo and Skrillex of Jack U perform during halftime at a basketball game between the Houston Rockets and the Los Angeles Clippers at Staples Center on May 10, 2015 in Los Angeles.
With Coachella just around the corner, Diplo has shared word with CBS News' Charlie Rose that Jack Ü plans to release new material around festival time.
Watch Diplo and Charlie Rose Discuss Landmark Cuba Show
The Major Lazer frontman recently performed in Cuba for a reported crowd of 400,000, a historic event recounted by Rose himself.
On their drive around Havana, Diplo told Rose, "Before I came down to you, I was sitting on my computer editing some new songs for the Jack Ü project, because we want to put something out around Coachella."
Diplo Reveals Collaboration With The Weeknd Dropping Around Coachella
Back in November, the Mad Decent boss told 103.3 AMP Radio host Vanessa Hale that Major Lazer also has a single dropping around Coachella with The Weeknd.
The two-weekend event takes place from Apr. 15-17 and 22-24 in Indio, Calif.
During the past two years, Australia's iconic Great Barrier Reef suffered its largest die-off ever recorded — with an average of 67 percent of corals in one area declared dead, scientists said on Monday. The cause was unusually warm waters that pushed the intricate ecosystems past their limits of survival.
The worst affected area is a 430 mile section of reefs in the northern part of the reef that has lost an average of 67 percent of its shallow water corals in just the past 8 to 9 months alone.
These corals, located off the coast of Cooktown, are now a ghostly white, having expelled the symbiotic algae that gave them their vibrant colors and helped feed a huge array of marine species.
It had previously been known that the northern sections of the Great Barrier Reef, which is really a collection of thousands of smaller reefs, had seen high levels of coral bleaching. However, the extent of the die-off had not been fully assessed until now, and was predicted to be less severe.
Across the central and southern regions of the Great Barrier Reef, scientists from the Australian Research Council's Center of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies at James Cook University found that the losses were less severe.
Healthy Coral in the Capricorn Group of Islands, Southern Great Barrier Reef, Nov. 2016. Image: Tory Chase, ARC Centre of Excellence for Coral Reef Studies.
“Most of the losses in 2016 have occurred in the northern, most-pristine part of the Great Barrier Reef," said Terry Hughes, director of the ARC Center at James Cook University, in a statement. "This region escaped with minor damage in two earlier bleaching events in 1998 and 2002, but this time around it has been badly affected."
In one part of the northern Great Barrier Reef, located farther offshore from the more heavily visited areas that were so hard hit, the loss of reefs were lower — at about 26 percent — than they were to the south and west.
Coral loss map. Image: ARC Centre of Excellence for coral reef research
“We found a large corridor of reefs that escaped the most severe damage along the eastern edge of the continental shelf in the far north of the Great Barrier Reef,” Hughes said. “We suspect these reefs are partially protected from heat stress by upwelling of cooler water from the Coral Sea.”
The least damaged sections of the Great Barrier reef are further south, in the central and southern areas off the coast of Queensland.
“The good news is the southern two-thirds of the Reef has escaped with minor damage. On average, six percent of bleached corals died in the central region in 2016, and only one percent in the south. The corals have now regained their vibrant color, and these reefs are in good condition,” said Andrew Baird, who led teams of divers to re-survey the reefs during October and November, in the statement.
However, these southern areas may be hit by bleaching in the next few months, according to current forecasts.
The U.N. recognizes the Great Barrier Reef as a World Heritage Site for its staggering amount of marine biodiversity. In addition to the tiny life forms the reefs nurture, from algae to mollusks, they are also home to more than 1,600 species of fish, according to the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority.
Coral bleaching occurs when coral expels the algae that lives in its tissue, giving it color and nutrients. This action, caused by stresses such as increased water temperatures and pollution, leaves the coral skeleton exposed, making it more susceptible to heat stress, disease and pollution.
Bleached corals can recover if they are not exposed to further stress, but scientists are finding that some reefs are more resilient than others.
Forecast showing areas with at least a 60 percent chance of coral bleaching through March 2017. Image: NOAA Coral reef watch
The unprecedented coral die off at the Great Barrier Reef is not an isolated incident. Since 2014, coral bleaching has stalked the seas worldwide, with repeated bouts of heat stress dealing a fatal blow to large sections of formerly vibrant reefs from Hawaii to the Bahamas, and the Indian Ocean to Indonesia.
This is all part of the largest and longest-lasting global coral bleaching event on record, and it will continue through early 2017, according to forecasts from the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration.
While a sizable contribution to this event came from El Niño, which is a naturally-occurring phenomenon, record warm ocean temperatures also have had a human element too, due to the buildup of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere.
Huge volumes of heat have been added to the oceans in recent years, with that heat being drawn to upper layers of the seas during El Niño events.
In the hardest hit areas of the Great Barrier Reef, it could take 10 to 15 years for corals to regenerate, but another severe bleaching event is possible during that timeframe, which would stunt any recovery.
The Australian government has been eager to downplay the damage to the reef, given that tourism there employs 70,000 people and generates $5 billion in income per year.
U.S. House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) (Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg News)
Some House Republicans believe that Congress should cut Americans off government anti-poverty programs in part to help grow the national economy.
“For us to achieve 3 percent GDP growth over the next 10 years from tax reform, we have to have welfare reform. We need people who are mentally and physically able to work to get into the workforce,” Rep. Rod Blum (R-Iowa) said. “In my district, a lot of employers can't find employees ... Sometimes we need to force people to go to work.”
Other House Republicans similarly argued that there would be “no excuses” for poor Americans to need welfare once economic growth took hold. “Once we light this economy up, my brother, there's going to be jobs for everybody. So there will be no excuses for anyone who can work to sit at home and not work,” Rep. Clay Higgins (R-La.) said. “If we pass tax reform, we have to have welfare reform. When you have a vibrant economy, there's no reason for Americans to suffer on welfare.”
The House members' comments reflect one aspect of the thinking that is driving congressional Republicans to say welfare reform may be the party's biggest legislative priority in 2018. President Trump and top Republican officials have signaled prioritizing welfare cuts, including new restrictions on who can receive benefits like food stamps, housing assistance and direct cash welfare for the poor.
One key conviction underpinning their drive is that welfare programs make joining the American workforce less attractive for the poor, according to interviews with a half-dozen Republican members of Congress and conservative welfare analysts. But many economists note research that contradicts that conviction, and they say America's social safety net is too small to play a major role in constraining economic growth.
“The concern is that the workforce participation rate is down from the last big recession, even though the unemployment rate is also dramatically down — that welfare programs encourage people not to work,” said Chris Edwards, director of tax policy studies at the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank. At a recent speech in Missouri in which he vowed new welfare restrictions, Trump said that “the person who is not working at all and has no intention of working at all is making more money and doing better than the person that's working his [or] her ass off.”
But those on the left, like Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), have attacked Republicans over reports that they plan on cutting anti-poverty programs, arguing that what they really amount to is an attempt to take money from the poor to pay for the GOP's $1.5 trillion tax bill that nonpartisan analyses say gave its biggest gifts to the rich.
“Trump and the Republican Party are waging vicious class warfare against the working families of this country,” Sanders said. “After providing a trillion dollars in tax breaks to the top 1 percent and large corporations, they will now attempt to cut Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, nutrition programs and help for the poorest and most vulnerable Americans. This is an outrageous and immoral set of priorities.”
One program congressional Republicans have already said they want to target is food stamps, which 41.3 million Americans currently receive. Sen. Mike Lee (R-Utah) and Rep. Jim Jordan (R-Ohio) have introduced legislation to add new work requirements to food stamps, and a poverty blueprint released last year by Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) calls for the same.
But close to 90 percent of working age parents with children on the federal food stamp program already find employment within one year of receiving the benefits, according to an analysis by the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a left-leaning think tank. Overall, about two-thirds of program beneficiaries are disabled, children, or elderly.
“The idea you could do cuts and it would do anything other than take away food from people who need it is quite far-fetched,” said Sharon Parrott, a senior counselor at CBPP.
Republicans have also said that they want to impose new work requirements on the direct welfare payment program known as Temporary Assistance for Needy Families. That idea is included in the Lee-Jordan proposal, which would add work requirements to get who they call the “completely idle” to work.
“Welfare programs are meant to be a temporary safety net, but they have become a permanent way of life for millions of Americans,” Jordan said at the time of the bill's introduction
Others counter that it may be hard to see how much that welfare program has to do with economic growth. About 1 million American adults receive benefits through the temporary assistance program. There are 95 million Americans outside the labor force.
“Making this program less accessible is not going to change overall levels of output in the economy,” Parrott said.
Congressional Republicans have also floated long-term reductions in spending on Social Security and Medicare, though that would violate Trump's campaign pledges. They have also discussed imposing work requirements on Medicaid, although doing so would elicit fierce partisan opposition and would also violate Trump's campaign not to touch the health insurance program that primarily benefits the poor.
If they don't touch entitlement programs, some conservative policymakers, like the Heritage Foundation's Robert Rector, have said Republicans should try reducing the “excessive” and “very, very generous” benefits for housing.
But defenders of those programs note that, according to the most recent data, the number of Americans on it have been going down. James Ziliak, director of the Center for Poverty Research at the University of Kentucky, argued that the GOP policy ideas would likely hurt low-income Americans.
“Housing is already crippling many low-income households and the scarcity of housing assistance is pretty remarkable,” Ziliak said. “I can't see the logic of cutting stamps and housing being consistent with helping the working class in this country.”
Some say you shouldn't fiddle with the classics, but we here at the Times Union threw caution to the wind and decided to honor the 1986 music video "Let's Have a Party, Albany" with a 30th anniversary reboot.
The song, written by veteran broadcaster David Allan and performed by the Sharks, was created to coincide with Albany's Tricentennial celebration that year. The video ran on WTEN, and was offered on vinyl with proceeds benefiting Hope House.
The song and video have a certain hokey charm — and certainly an earworm quality — to it. The video featured many local notables, a "We Are The World"-type singalong, and a girl swinging a Hula hoop around her neck.
We took it upon ourselves not to fiddle too much with the song's original style: You'll find no Auto-Tune or rap guest appearance here. But what you will find is ... well, we don't want to give too much away.
The online release will be at noon on Wednesday, along with a story on the original recording and plenty more.
So get ready to party like it's 1986.
— Gary Hahn
Greg Gianforte, the Republican candidate in Montana's special congressional election, allegedly body slammed and punched Guardian political reporter Ben Jacobs during an interview in Bozeman, Mont., Wednesday.
The altercation between the reporter and Gianforte comes on the eve a special election to replace Secretary Ryan Zinke, who left Montana's sole House seat vacant when he was President Donald Trump tapped him to lead the Department of the Interior.
Jacobs asked Gianforte about the Congressional Budget Office's score of the House's recently passed American Health Care Act, according to an audio recording of the altercation posted by The Guardian.
Gianforte said he would answer that question later, but Jacobs pushed and said there would be no time later. Gianforte then “grabbed Jacobs by the neck with both hands and slammed him into the ground behind him,” according to Fox News reporter Alicia Acuna, who was also in the room.
“Gianforte then began punching the man, as he moved on top the reporter and began yelling,” Acuna said.
“I'm sick and tired of you guys, the last time you came in here you did the same thing,” Gianforte said during the altercation. “Get the hell out of here! You with The Guardian?” Gianforte said.
“Yes,” Jacobs said. “You just broke my glasses.”
Gianforte repeated that Jacobs should “Get the hell out of here.”
“You just body slammed me and broke my glasses,” Jacobs said.
LISTEN:
“To be clear, at no point did any of us who witnessed this assault see Jacobs show any form of physical aggression toward Gianforte, who left the area after giving statements to local sheriff's deputies,” Acuna said.
The Gianforte campaign defended the GOP candidate in a statement, and said that Jacobs had grabbed Gianforte's wrist, and “aggressively shoved a recorder in Greg's face.”
“Jacobs was asked to leave,” the campaign said. “After asking Jacobs to lower the recorder, Jacobs declined. Greg then attempted to grab the phone that was pushed in his face. Jacobs grabbed Greg's wrist, and spun away from Greg, pushing them both to the ground.”
BuzzFeed reporter and former Daily Caller Hill correspondent Alexis Levinson said she heard the altercation through a doorway. Jacobs walked into the room to interview Gianforte, then “All of a sudden I heard a giant crash and saw Ben's feet fly in the air as he hit the floor,” Levinson said in a tweet.
All of a sudden I heard a giant crash and saw Ben's feet fly in the air as he hit the floor — Alexis Levinson (@alexis_levinson) May 24, 2017
The Gallatin County Sheriff's Department is investigating the confrontation.
WATCH DAILY CALLER'S DRAMATIZATION OF THE EVENT:
Editor's Note: This post has been updated.
Follow Thomas Phippen on Twitter
Send tips to thomas@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
This article is over 3 years old
Fence will be built along border with Serbia as number of migrants crossing into EU state rises 60-fold in three years
Hungary has ordered the closure of the EU country's border with Serbia and the construction of a fence along the frontier to keep out migrants, the foreign minister said.
EU ministers fail to agree on migrant quotas Read more
“The Hungarian government has instructed the interior ministry to physically close the border with Serbia,” Péter Szijjártó told reporters on Wednesday.
He said the ministry had been ordered to “begin preparation work for a four-metre-high fence along the length of Hungary's 175km [110-mile] border with Serbia.”
“Preparation work for the fence should be completed by next Wednesday,” he said. “This decision does not break any international treaty; other countries have opted for the same solution.”
Serbia is not yet a member of the European Union, though it has started accession talks, while Hungary is part of the European Union's passport-free Schengen zone. This means that, once in Hungary, migrants can easily travel onwards to other countries in the zone.
Last year, Hungary received more migrants per capita than any other EU country apart from Sweden, with the number shooting up to almost 43,000 people from just 2,000 in 2012.
According to official data, 95% of them cross from Serbia.
So far this year, 54,000 migrants have entered Hungary, and the total this year is expected to be up to 130,000, according to János Lázár, Prime Minister Viktor Orbán's chief of staff, .
Hungary PM: bring back death penalty and build work camps for immigrants Read more
The announcement comes amid an anti-immigration campaign by Orbán's government involving billboards with slogans such as: “If you come to Hungary, you cannot take Hungarians' jobs.”
The cabinets of Hungary and Serbia will hold a summit early next month to tackle the issue, Orbán said last week.
• This article was amended on 18 June 2015. An earlier version said “Hungary received more migrants per capita than any other EU country apart from Sweden, shooting up to almost 43,000 people…”.
Consider supporting us on Patreon so we can continue providing quality tokusatsu news coverage.
Before the premiere of his third tokusatsu series, Kamen Rider Drive head writer, Riku Sanjo, sat down for an interview with Hyper Hobby.
Hyper Hobby: Kamen Rider Drive seems to be a police story. Having written for a detective story in “Kamen Rider W,” do you feel this is a genre you are good at?
Sanjo: I like to watch them. But when I got the offer for W, honestly, I resisted a bit. Writing something of that genre is quite engaged and difficult, so it wasn't really something I liked to write. And indeed, writing W required a lot of energy. Producer Tsukada was doing “The Woman of the Crime Lab” so he had lots of experience in creating this type of mystery work and I was able to get a lot of pointers. I then realized just how difficult a mystery series is to create.
HH: And yet…
Sanjo: This time, Producer Oomori let me know from the start that it was going to be a single Rider and that the concept was cars. He said he wanted to portray a Rider that “would stand against difficult times by himself.” Producer Sasaki, from TV Asahi wanted something more episodic and with a very strong “incident” feel. I guess it is to make it feel different than Kamen Rider Gaim, and when I thought of cars and incidents, the police genre appeared naturally. I then told them how a police drama would be what made the most sense.
HH: So you decided to immerse yourself in a difficult situation. Was this with the certainty that you'd succeed?
Sanjo: Since W's activities involved a lot of foot work, a bike was very fitting. But in the case of cars, they evoked more the atmosphere of “Seibu Keisatsu” (Early 80s police series). Then I thought about what a car-riding hero's appeal would be and thought of the moments in which he arrives at the scene. With the “There is no time!” feel and stepping on the gas, arriving just in time and things like that, like in RoboCop. An image of the hero bursting through a door, and instead of just steady investigation to find the culprit, chasing after them would play a big part. That is how the concept came to be.
HH: So you say that one of the bases was cars. Didn't you have a certain resistance to have a Kamen Rider on a car?
Sanjo: Not really. I like Rideron (Kamen Rider Black RX) quite a lot. Also, remember that Kamen Rider 1, Takeshi Hongo, could not transform without Cyclone. He would sometimes use the shockwave of an explosion or the speed of a fall to do it, but normally, he'd need Cyclone to create enough pressure for the helix (Cyclone) in his belt to spin. Cyclone was a transformation tool as well. It was an invaluable thing for the Rider. So, I think there is a similarity with Rider 1's Cyclone and Tridoron in the sense that Drive cannot really use his full potential without it.
HH: Did you have any disagreements with the producers when creating these scenarios?
Sanjo: Surprisingly, no. Every stage of the creation of the hero and such was cleared quite smoothly, everyone agrees. I was really surprised when I first got the offer. It hadn't been that long since Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger had finished and the car concept was something really fresh and new. However, once I get a task I always give my 100%.
HH: What Kamen Rider left an impression in you?
Sanjo: That has to be the first Rider 2 of the original series. With his appearance, things like the rider kick, the transformation poses and many other tropes were established. It is very complete as a show format, as well. Like, Shocker is doing something, then he appears and transforms once, then he fights them and finishes with a rider kick. The action was also well established. It's 30 minutes of a battle musical you can't stop watching. Because it had a lot of music. It was really exciting to watch.
HH: So you aim for the same in Drive?
Sanjo: I think it is important to pick up all this details that were revolutionary in their time. The first thing I pictured was definitely him “arriving at the scene.” In the original series, the Shocker monster would run and say “He won't get this far!” only to find out he had been outrun. I used to think “Cyclone is so fast!” So I wanted to portray something similar, with Tridoron arriving at the scene, tires screeching and then Drive getting out of it.
HH: Anything you want to pay special attention to, story wise?
Sanjo: I wanted to have a bunch of weird and quirky people gather and do things. In W, you had the client come with a request and then the case being solved. In the case of a police drama you can start, for example, with a shootout, so there is more freedom.
All English translations are accredited to The Tokusatsu Network staff members. Please do not repost without crediting and directly linking back to the original Tokusatsu Network article.
Source: Hyper Hobby, October 2014
California Governor Jerry Brown vetoes the budget passed by lawmakers.
NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- California Governor Jerry Brown vetoed Thursday the budget passed by state lawmakers the day before that relied on spending cuts, fund transfers and one-time revenue boosts.
Brown, who has promised for months that he would present Californians with a gimmick-free budget that solves the state's $26 billion deficit with a combination of tax extensions and spending cuts, said the legislators' budget was not a balanced solution.
"It continues big deficits for years to come and adds billions of dollars of new debt. It also contains legally questionable maneuvers, costly borrowing and unrealistic savings," he said. "We can -- and must -- do better."
In vetoing the budget, the governor, a Democrat, once again lashed out at Republican lawmakers. He called on them to put his plan to extend personal income and sales tax hikes on the ballot.
"If they continue to obstruct a vote, we will be forced to pursue deeper and more destructive cuts to schools and public safety -- a tragedy for which Republicans will bear full responsibility," Brown said.
Republicans, on the other hand, blasted their Democrats counterparts for passing an "irresponsible budget" on Wednesday and Brown for halting negotiations in March. Republicans have said they would let voters have their say on the tax extension if the governor would agree to certain reforms.
"Californians deserve a budget that stands the test of time, and that requires the real reforms that they are demanding -- meaningful pension reform, a spending limit and business-regulation relief for job creation," said Senate Republican Leader Bob Dutton.
The rejection dismayed Democratic lawmakers who had raced Wednesday to pass a budget that did not include the tax extensions. By doing so, they also sought to meet a deadline that would allow them to continue getting paid. California voters last year required that legislators approve a balanced budget by June 15 or forfeit their pay.
While the ballot measure did not say the governor had to approve that budget, the state controller is reviewing whether the budget passed Wednesday meets the state constitution's requirement.
Democratic legislative leaders called on Brown to either secure the Republican votes needed to put the tax extensions on the ballot or to produce a new detailed plan for crafting a balanced budget.
"We are too far down the road for the governor to continue avoiding a specific set of proposals of what he intends to do or wants to be done if he can't gain those Republican votes," said Senate President Pro Tem Darrell Steinberg.
Budget talks had essentially been at a standstill until Wednesday, when the Democratic-led state legislature passed a budget that relied on cuts and fiscal sleights-of-hand. Lawmakers only needed a majority to approve it, thanks to a ballot measure voters approved last year.
The budget would have sent $3 billion less to schools and delayed the repayment of $744 million that the state borrowed from school districts. It also depended on tax revenues coming in higher than originally forecast, as they have been doing.
The state's universities would have had another $300 million cut in funding, while the courts would have gotten $150 million less.
The proposal also relied on revenue shifts and one-time maneuvers. For instance, it called for sending some motor vehicle fees to the state general fund, while raising registration fees by $12 to support the state Department of Motor Vehicles. And it took $1 billion from a fund dedicated to early childhood development.
The budget plan would have resurrected the sale of $1.2 billion of public buildings, which Brown called off earlier this year.
It also would have added a quarter percentage point to the local sales tax and extended the sales levy to online retailers, such as Amazon.com (AMZN, Fortune 500). An Internet sales tax would have brought in an estimated $200 million.
The path to a balanced budget has taken many turns since Brown unveiled a plan in January to close the state's massive shortfall by extending temporary personal income and sales taxes passed in 2009 and cutting spending.
Two months later, the legislature approved several measures that closed $14 billion of the gap. Then, the Golden State learned in early May that tax revenues were coming in $2.5 billion higher than forecast.
Brown released a revised budget in mid May that reduced the amount the state needed to raise in taxes and to cut in spending. But Republican lawmakers refused to put the measure on the ballot without securing the spending cap and pension and regulatory reforms.
This cigar came to me by way of a ‘USA Freedom' Bomb from the /r/cigars Redditor /u/UnofficialGhost. For the month of April /r/cigars was split into a USA and Russian faction who battled by means of cigar bombs for point domination.
It was a fun little game, and I got a great selection of cigars to review as a result. There will be many reviews coming out of that package soon.
Payback for this bomb was appropriately swift and disproportionate in response.
Nose:
The nose off the Rascal was an intriguing mix of cedar with spicy tobacco. My interest is piqued.
Construction:
The Rogue Rascal measures 5.5” by 46 ring gauge in a corona vitola. The Rogue line was first announced almost exactly a year ago., featuring filler tobacco from Nicaragua, Honduras and the Dominican Republic.
The Rogue line is also available in a Tyrant (5” x 52), Bamboozle (6” x 60), Ruthless (6" x 64) and finally an Armageddon (6” x 66).
In case it wasn't apparent by this point, Rogue and East India Trading Company fall under the Gurkha Cigar Group.
Flavor:
First Third
It has a sweet nutty flavor profile to start. I'm quite impressed. The sweet and nutty combination develops after a few draws to include some spices with an extremely light leather finish.
I found the first third to be quite tasty.
Middle Third
The spice and leather from the first third drops off completely and you're left with a nice medium profile of the sweetness and nuts.
Last Third
Quite a bit of leather as the Rascal transitions into the last third. I'm actually disappointed here as the first and middle third seemed to be leading up to a big finish and instead I get predominantly leather with some bitterness to close out.
Burn/Draw:
I did a cold draw with a single v-cut and found the draw to be right in the sweet spot. Great burn from start to finish with a smoking time of 1 hour and 29 minutes.
Value:
The Rascal size can be found as a single around $5, a 5 pack for $24 or the 20 count boxes as low as $80. The pricing level on This is outstanding, as most cigars I'm reviewing these days tend to be well above the $7 mark. Significant value to be had here.
Final Word:
Some of you are going to be incredulous at my summary, but the Gurkha Rogue Rascal was a decent little smoke. I like the fact that it's a 46 ring gauge, which means you don't need 2 hours to smoke one. Although the last third was a bit of a let down, I was won over with the first two thirds.
One of the big things that can't be undervalued here is the price point. At a time where cigars continue to push towards an $8 – $10, the Rogue Rascal absolutely delivers an option for the sane aficionado's among us who have budgets.
Pick up some Rogue Rascals for yourself and let me know what you think.
(Americanspirit/Dreamstime)
Does the U.S. lead the world in childhood poverty? Absolutely not.
Bernie Sanders often claims that America has the highest child-poverty rate of any advanced democracy in the world. He uses this fact to justify his call for a European-style social-welfare state. But what if it's simply not true?
In a new article for the journal Education Next, we demonstrate that when cross-national poverty rates are calculated appropriately, it becomes clear that America is rather unexceptional, at least on this score. We have a significantly lower proportion of children living in poverty than Ireland and the United Kingdom, and about the same as Germany and even Finland.
How can that be? For years, scholars, international organizations, and liberals have put forward the notion that America has sky-high rates of poverty, especially childhood poverty. But the measures they used were “relative”; they considered a family to be poor if it earned less than half of its own country's median income.
The simplicity of this approach makes it appealing, but also highly misleading. That's because it's more a measure of income inequality than of poverty.
Advertisement
Advertisement
To see why it's so misleading, we analyzed how relative poverty rates compare with absolute poverty rates for each of the American states. For relative poverty, we calculated the proportion of people living in households that earn less than half of their own state's median income. For absolute poverty, we looked at the percentage of all people in a state living in households below the federal poverty line.
RELATED: Poverty in the U.S. — We Spend Much More Per Person on Social Welfare than Europe Does
For some states, whether one looks at relative poverty or absolute poverty makes little difference. Arizona, Mississippi, and Louisiana have a lot of poor people however you slice the data.
But it makes a big difference for wealthier states, like Massachusetts and Connecticut. Their absolute-poverty rates are among the lowest in the country, but their relative-poverty rates are above average — higher than those for Texas, Tennessee, and Oklahoma. Massachusetts has a higher relative-poverty rate than Georgia, Kentucky, and Alabama.
Because the U.S. is wealthier than most nations, many U.S. households that are counted as poor on a relative measure would be considered middle-class on an absolute measure.
Of course, Massachusetts doesn't really have more poverty than Alabama — but it does have more income inequality. And the same dynamic plays out when we use relative-poverty rates to compare countries: The United States doesn't really have more childhood poverty than Germany or the U.K. — but it does have more income inequality.
Advertisement
Because the United States is wealthier than most of our international competitors, many of the U.S. households that are counted as poor on a relative measure would be considered middle-class on an absolute measure. That's because the amount of money they earn would put them far above the median incomes of these other nations.
Advertisement
RELATED: Poverty, Despair, and Big Government
Why is this important? Senator Sanders is certainly correct that poverty is a problem in America, and we should work on ways to reduce it. But he's incorrect when he says that it's worse here than in other large, industrialized nations. That raises serious questions about his critique of American-style capitalism.
It's also important because some Americans like to point to our supposedly high poverty rate as an excuse for our lackluster international performance on a variety of social indicators, from health-care outcomes to test scores and beyond. Some teachers'-union leaders, in particular, like to argue that we have a “poverty crisis,” not an “education crisis.” That excuse turns out to be a crutch that's unfounded in the evidence.
Disabled Access Day takes place tomorrow. It's a day about getting out there and trying something new! The Science Museum in London was recently named as one of the most accessible tourist attractions in Britain so we asked one of their Special Event Developers, Claire Hazell, to share their advice on how they do it.
Being a Special Events Developer means that my team and I write, develop and present a large programme of events aimed at families during holidays and weekends. We also run a variety of events aimed at making the Science Museum accessible to everyone. During my time I have learnt a lot about museums and their role in accessibility, here are my top five things:
1) There is a big difference between accessible and inclusive
Our deaf-led SIGNtific programme is a great example of an accessible and inclusive event. The science shows, storytelling sessions and workshops are all presented in British Sign Language and are suitable for both deaf and hearing visitors. They are on during the day and advertised to everyone that comes into the museum. It's a great way to increase deaf awareness in hearing children and to include deaf children and adults in museum activities.
Our Early Birds morning Autism event is different. The museum opens early five times a year for families with children on the autistic spectrum. The museum is quieter and there are tailored events and activities for the families. This event is accessible but does not include everyone. This is because it can't include everyone; the reason we open it up to families early and make the spaces limited is so that the museum is quieter and has less going on. Families asked us to run the event this way and our research has shown us that this is the right environment for their needs.
2) Accessible means different things to different people
Every visitor that comes to the museum wants to get something different out of their visit. From finding their favourite object, or enjoying a new gallery to just finding a toilet!
Making the museum accessible can mean different things for everyone. It could just mean giving someone a map so they can find their way around but it could also mean coming to an event which has provision for their needs. We try to make the museum accessible for as many people as possible and we are always willing to take suggestions and listen to what our visitors want from us.
3) Don't make assumptions
While planning for a recent Early Birds session we did some research and found out that sensitivity to loud noises was common among children on the Autistic spectrum. We decided that we should turn off all loud noises and try and keep the museum as quiet as possible. We had planned to turn on one of our large engines and as such included this in our visual story. Families were able to avoid the engine as it was only turned on late in the session. What we found was that lots of families loved seeing and listening to the engine and talking to our engineers about the engine. We assumed that this wouldn't be the case because of some research we had carried out.
We soon realised that we should never assume and we use this attitude in all our new developments and make sure we look at developments from every angle and assume nothing!
4) You can't do it alone
Where do you start when trying to run an event when you don't know much about what the event would need?
You start with people that would know. When we developed our new audio described event we spoke to local councils, charities, specialist organisations, schools, other museums, and of course families themselves. The information from these groups was invaluable and will help the team provide a new event that opens up the museum and its collection to even more people.
5) Taking the first step is hard but the rewards are worth it
All our events had to start somewhere. A brainstorm, a query from a visitor or an idea you have just before you go to sleep. But turning that first idea into an event can be daunting and sometimes scary.
All our events have amazing teams that run them and supportive managers to coordinate them. It is always an amazing accomplishment to open the door for an event for the first time. I loved seeing the smiles on the faces of the families when they came into the museum for our first Early Birds session, and I still find it amazing to see children communicating with our deaf presenters in sign language. I'll end with a quote from one of them:
“SIGNtific is fantastic at encouraging children to learn about science without realising they are learning, a brilliant opportunity for deaf and hearing children and their parents to talk and share their experiences after the events. It is always a thrill to be a role model to all children at the events!”
Find out more about accessibility at the Science Museum.
Get involved with Disabled Access Day.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Print
Email
A number of violent crimes left 20 people shot, four dead, over Easter weekend. Philadelphia Police searched for suspects and clues around the city. NBc10's Pamela Osborne reports.
Four people were killed and 16 others hurt in a series of shootings that plagued Philadelphia over the warm Easter holiday weekend.
"Summertime is coming, warm weather today, we get shootings that peak and valley during the warm weather," Philadelphia police Capt. Jamill Taylor said early Sunday at the scene of a homicide at 62nd Street and Woodland Avenue in Southwest Philadelphia.
Developing Cops Hunt Ohio Man Suspected of Posting Killing to Facebook
An unidentified 27-year-old man died outside Lounge 62 around 2 a.m. as a large crowd gathered, investigators said.
The gunfire continued Monday morning as a gunman shot and killed a 34-year-old man along E Clementine Street in Kensington around 5:45 a.m, police said.
Earlier Monday, around 1 a.m., a triple shooting at Wingohocking and D streets in the city's Feltonville neighborhood left two men and a woman in stable condition at Temple University hospital, police said. Witnesses two men were arguing prior to gunfire ringing out, investigators said.
"We have enough police out here to respond," Taylor said.
Shooting investigators were hard at work Sunday as a gunman shot a 24-year-old woman in the chest along the 3200 block of F Street in Kensington around 1:20 a.m. Easter Sunday. She died a short time later at Temple University Hospital, Philadelphia Police said.
Around 2 a.m. Sunday, gunfire rang out at the Roxxy Nightclub along N Delaware Avenue leaving a 26-year-old man shot in the leg, police said.
Philly Shootings Leave Woman Dead
A series of shootings plagued Philadelphia overnight as a woman died in Kensington and a man was shot in a Delaware Avenue nightclub. (Published Sunday, April 16, 2017)
Around 11 a.m. Sunday, gunfire struck a 23-year-old man and 63-year-old man along the 5400 block of Chester Avenue in the Kingsessing neighborhood. Doctors listed both men in stable condition, police said.
Sunday night around 5, a shooting on S 6th Street near Porter Street in South Philadelphia left a 29-year-old man in stable condition, police said.
The bloodshed Sunday continued after a string of shootings Saturday.
Around 10:30 p.m. Saturday, a shooting along the 100 block of Hansburry Street in Germantown left a blood trail along the sidewalk and left a 37-year-old man hospitalized, police said.
Around 3 in the afternoon Saturday, a gunman killed a 23-year-old man along the 5500 block of Warrington Avenue in the Kingsessing neighborhood, police said.
Saturday night around 8:15, a shooting along Hope Street near Somerset Street in North Philadelphia left two 28-year-old men in critical condition and a 24-year-old man in stable condition, police said.
Top News Photos: R. Kelly Leaves Jail After Paying Bond
On Saturday morning around 9, a shooting on Girard Avenue near 62nd Street in West Philadelphia left a 19-year-old in stable condition, police said.
And, on Saturday around 12:30 a.m., a quadruple shooting along Hammond Avenue near Nedro Avenue in Olney left four teenagers -- males between the ages of 16 and 18 -- hurt, police said.
Police continued Monday morning to search for the shooters in each case. It was unclear if any of the shootings could be related.
Belsimtek's NS 430 Navigation System Now Available for DCS: Mi-8MTV2 Purchase from DCS E-Shop. Developed by Belsimtek, The NS 430 GPS navigation system, is an optional add-on module for DCS World aircraft. Starting with DCS: Mi-8MTV2, the NS 430 provides powerful, yet intuitive, navigation and radio communications options to supplement the navigation and radio systems already integrated into our aircraft. The NS 430 is just one of several, planned expansions for the Mi-8MTV2. The NS 430 is particularly useful for older aircraft with less sophisticated navigation and communication systems. The NS 430 was introduced in 1997 and quickly became aviation's most popular GPS. Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS) capability was added in 2006. The sharp, clear display and intuitive button layout of the NS 430 made it the standard for general aviation around the world. The DCS NS 430 includes: Dozens of user interface screens
Chapter and Page layout functionality
Moving map capability
Serves as both a communications radio, navigation radio, and GPS receiver
Concentric knobs are used to navigate the various pages, scroll through data, and enter information
Options to configure to displays based on user preference Ju-88 for DCS: World War II Assets Pack For this week's update, we are pleased to show some initial renders of the Ju-88 medium bomber of the Luftwaffe. The Ju-88 will be a welcome addition to the DCS World War II battlefield as both a target or an asset to defend. The F-5E: Aggressors Basic Fighter Maneuvers (BFM) Campaign Available on Steam The F-5E Aggressors Basic Fighter Maneuvers (BFM) campaign puts you in the cockpit of an F-5E Tiger II, as a new Aggressor pilot with the 65th Aggressor Squadron at Nellis Air Force Base. This campaign is based on real world procedures you will fly as Red Air against Blue Air Forces. Upon arrival, you will fly a familiarization flight around the Nevada Test and Training Range (NTTR). Then you will face a series of challenging Basic Fighter Maneuver (BFM) missions against similar and dis-similar aircraft. Your opponents include the F-4E, F-5E, F-14A, F-15C, F-16C, F/A-18C, M-2000C, MiG-29G, CF-188 and MiG-21. There are over 1000 voice overs and over 45 pages of briefing material including the RED FLAG Spins, Red Forces In Flight Guide, Maps, Diagrams, Custom Knee boards, and Mission Data cards. Please note that DCS: F-5E Tiger II and DCS: NEVADA Test and Training Range Map are required to be installed and activated into the DCS World 2 Open Alpha for the campaign. DCS World in Steam Sincerely,
The Eagle Dynamics Team
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States remains firm that Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi must give up his 41-year rule, the State Department said on Sunday, after France's defense minister advocated a compromise with Libyan rebels.
“The Libyan people will be the ones to decide how this transition takes place, but we stand firm in our belief that Gaddafi cannot remain in power,” the department said in a written reply to a query.
French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet said in Paris earlier on Sunday it was time for Gaddafi loyalists and Libyan rebels to sit around a table to reach a political compromise because, he said, there was “no solution with force.”
The rebels have demanded that Gaddafi step down before any negotiations can begin for a political transition, a notion his entourage has dismissed.
The United States will continue efforts as part of a North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) coalition to enforce a U.N. Security Council-authorized no-fly zone in Libya designed to protect civilians under threat of attack, the State Department said.
“Our efforts in Libya will take time, but let there be no mistake that the political, military, and economic pressure on Gaddafi continues to grow,” it said.
The allies will continue to increase pressure “until the Libyan people are safe, their humanitarian needs met, and a transition of power is fully under way,” the department added.
NATO warplanes have been bombing Libyan government positions since March under the U.N. mandate to protect civilians. Gaddafi has rejected any suggestion that he give up power and denounced the NATO campaign as an act of colonial aggression aimed at stealing Libya's oil.
The NATO efforts are helping to boost the pressure on Gaddafi and allowing the Libyan opposition Transitional National Council to “better operate on behalf of the Libyan people,” the State Department said.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Howard Stern‘s troubled sidekick Artie Lange returned to stand-up with a triumphant, surprise appearance at the Comedy Cellar over the weekend — his first since his grisly suicide attempt in January.
“He had a great line when he opened the show,” comic Craig Gass told The Post's Mandy Stadtmiller. “He said, ‘Well, folks, I gotta say I am so glad that Fashion Week is over because I am [bleep]ing exhausted.' ”
The audience gave the schlumpy 42-year-old comedian a deafening ovation during the two midnight shows he played on Friday and Saturday, following Chris Tucker one night.
Clearly moved, Lange told the thrilled audience, “Oh, you guys are going to bring a tear to my eye.”
While attendees say he didn't “do a Richard Pryor” and talk specifically about stabbing himself in the abdomen nine times with a kitchen knife, he did indirectly reference his nightmares.
Comic Dan Naturman related, “He mentioned the fact that he had been in a psych ward for the past eight months and that he was playing Scrabble with one of the other patients. But the guy was so scary that whatever [dubious] word he spelled, Artie would say: [long pause] ‘OK . . . let's count it up.' ”
And Gass said, “He had a good line about how a year ago he was going through withdrawal from heroin, and his agent came up with the great idea — ‘Hey . . . you should start Twittering!' ”
The Comedy Cellar crowd had no idea Lange was popping in, but Gass said that from the moment he got onstage, “You could feel, ‘Wow, it's Artie.' From that first line, it immediately rolled into a great set.
“You could see he looked like how he did when he first came on the Stern show in 2001. He's lost a lot of weight. Everyone is really cheering for him, as am I.”
Image caption White House spokesman Jay Carney said Washington should focus on a long-term budget deal
The US House of Representatives has approved a measure to fund the US government for a further two weeks, avoiding a looming shut-down.
The bill from the Republican-led chamber would cut government spending by $4bn (£2.45bn) in that period.
It now goes to the US Senate, which has said it will pass the bill.
Funding for government operations was set to expire on Friday, as Democrats and Republicans have been unable to agree on a budget.
The bill passed in a 335-91 bipartisan vote.
It cuts into programmes that President Barack Obama had already proposed eliminating or trimming and opens a window of time for White House officials and Republican and Democratic leaders to negotiate on a budget to keep the government running until the end of the fiscal year on 30 September.
Economic impact
"We'll pass this and then look at funding the government on a long-term basis," Democratic Senate Leader Harry Reid of Nevada said on Tuesday.
At the White House, spokesman Jay Carney called on congressional leaders to approve a longer-term budget rather than keep negotiating a series of two-week budget deals.
"We do not believe would be helpful - in fact, we believe it would be harmful to the economy, and therefore, not something the American people would support - if we created a tollbooth where we are negotiating again and again on continuing resolutions to fund the government for two weeks or another short-term period," he said.
Republicans had been pressing for much more severe cuts, passing a bill last month that would have sliced $61bn from the federal budget by the end of the fiscal year.
But Democrats in the US Senate opposed that measure and Mr Obama vowed to veto it, saying the cuts would hinder economic growth and slash education, research and infrastructure spending too far.
Slashing spending
Republicans took control of the US House of Representatives in the November elections amid dissatisfaction with Democrats' handling of the economy.
The US budget deficit is expected to reach $1.5 trillion in the current fiscal year, and the Republican Party has said it has a mandate to balance the budget by slashing spending dramatically without raising taxes.
Both Democrats and Republicans say they are keen to avoid the government shutting down.
A federal shut-down - last seen in 1996 - would lead to hundreds of thousands of workers being forced to take unpaid leave and halt operations ranging from the processing of passport applications to providing healthcare for veterans.
PHOENIX — More than two years ago, Arizona and Nevada set out on a study to determine the possibilities and benefits of developing a new interstate corridor to connect Phoenix and Las Vegas, while extending south to Mexico and north through Nevada, potentially reaching as far as Canada.
The goal of the study was not just to find a way to directly connect these two major metropolitan areas by building a new highway, but to develop a plan and the necessary infrastructure to position the two states for broader success in the global marketplace.
The Interstate 11 and Intermountain West Corridor Study is now complete and points to the need for a new multimodal freight corridor and a manufacturing belt that will drive trade, commerce, job growth and economic development for the two states and facilitate strong connections to other major regional markets.
“Transportation is a primary driver of commerce, jobs and tourism,” Arizona Governor Jan Brewer said. “This is why Interstate 11 is such a critical investment in our future, as it opens new possibilities for our state while connecting communities and economies.”
Today the State Transportation Board reviewed and accepted the recommendations documented in the Corridor Concept Report, the final element in this initial two-year feasibility study. This report, along with all the study's documents and information, can be found at i11study.com.
“Interstate 11 represents one of those major corridors that would provide access to international markets to the north and south of Arizona and to the east and west of us,” ADOT Director John Halikowski said. “I-11 is part of our plan for Arizona's Key Commerce Corridors, which requires investment in our transportation infrastructure to ensure the necessary connectivity to other major markets. Arizona's global competitiveness depends directly on our ability to move people, products and services quickly and efficiently. We need our highway corridors to get us there.”
The recommended I-11 corridor would likely follow U.S. Highway 93 from the Hoover Dam Bypass Bridge south to Wickenburg, running west of the Phoenix metropolitan area, and then generally following Interstate 10 and Interstate 19 through southern Arizona to the Mexican border. I-11 is envisioned as a continuous high-capacity trade corridor extending from Nogales to Las Vegas and potentially north toward Canada that will support a high proportion of large-scale manufacturing operations located throughout the corridor with a major focus on reliable movement of freight traffic. As a multimodal corridor, it also has the potential to include freight and passenger rail, energy transmission and other high-tech facilities.
There is currently no schedule or funding to build Interstate 11. The next phase of the study process — the environmental impact statement — is also not funded.
For more information about the Interstate 11 study, visit i11study.com.
Related posts
Email: news@stgnews.com
Twitter: @STGnews
Copyright St. George News, SaintGeorgeUtah.com LLC, 2014, all rights reserved.
Wasteland 2 is an unusual looking game, especially when compared to the sorts of titles its predecessor inspired, like Fallout 3.
It is oddly out of step with today's big blockbusters. It features the increasingly less popular isometric view, distinctly this-gen graphics, noticeably amateurish voice acting and text, lots and lots of text.
But the moment developer Brian Fargo brought up the game in the backroom of a Deep Silver booth and I caught a glimpse of the character inventor page I was hit with an honest-to-god jolt of excitement. This was the game I've been waiting nearly 20 years to play, the game Fargo has been waiting nearly 20 years to make. That gamers of my ilk, and developers like Fargo somehow discovered one another through Kickstarter is a miracle of the modern gaming age.
Wasteland 2 appears to be exactly the sort of game I expected and that Fargo wanted to make, a game that is distinctly not for everyone, something that publishers turned their backs on, but that some gamers waited their lives for.
Wasteland 2 will take place 15 years after the first game ended. That means its jump in time is less than the real one that occurred between Wasteland and the sequel. It will be 100 years after bombs dropped, desert rangers will still be the cops of the future.
The game's characters will feature six attributes, a dozen combat skills, some knowledge skills and even more general skills. Those general skills run from the mundane (weapon smithing) to the unusual (kiss ass).
The game seems packed with the attention to detail and level of nuance that today's gamers might not enjoy. There is, for instance, quite a lot of text in this game, just like in the original.
Fargo seems to be creating a game he's been thinking about for a long time, following an idea he's been pondering for years.
He says he doesn't know when the game is coming out yet (the beta is in October) and that he's not going to rush that decision.
"I waited 20 years," he said. "Lets get this right."
Ben Affleck may be bulking up for his Batman vs. Superman role a bit too soon. The actor is currently shooting a David Fincher movie titled Gone Girl but he knows he has to be in top shape by February, when the Man of Steel sequel begins filming in Detroit.
Advertisement
Gone Girl costume designer Trish Summerville told E! Online that she wishes he'd slow down a bit at the gym:
I'm trying to keep him at the size he's at right now until he's done with us. I'm sure he's working out but I think for him, he's probably a guy that builds up really quickly so I just kind of asked him if he can stay where he's at right now. He's a really big guy, like he's quite tall. You don't realize how big he is. He kind of reads smaller on film than he does in real life.
Ben Affleck is about 6′ 4″ and will be the most physically imposing Batman we've seen on screen so far. Affleck's Batman will be going toe-to-toe with Henry Cavill's Superman when Zack Snyder's untitled Man of Steel sequel hits theaters on July 17th, 2015.
SOURCE: E! Online
The Nationals backed the judgement of one of their own, who sided with Greens and Labor MPs on the committee, rather than take the easy way out for what could easily be seen as a Perth law. Earlier disagreements, such as over retail trading laws, have largely been papered over. In that case Grylls and Co. stuck by their pre-election position on a matter that didn't concern them, and Colin Barnett was forced to try to turn the heat up on Labor. That didn't work either, unsurprisingly as both the Liberals and Labor have about-faced on the issue many times over, and the Premier was forced to compromise with the enemy rather than turn the heat up on his ally. But stop-and-search is a different matter. It strikes at the heart of Liberal dogma - that the party is "tough" on crime. The reality may well be different, but this government's Achilles heel has been a string of ill-thought-through legislation trying to live up to that tag.
Remember the overturning of truth-in-sentencing? That got rid of a sensible piece of legislation whose only handicap was a (previous) government unwilling to defend it. How about the anti-hoon law that saw innocent motorists have their cars seized? The Liberals have had their way on law and order issues but it's good to see the boot on the other foot. Sure the law would have made life easier for police, but then so would equipping them with rocket launchers. For the stop-and-search law was a gross infringement of individual rights. Sure it would have made life easier for police, but then so would equipping them with rocket launchers.
Police Minister Rob Johnson's implausible defence that the police did not have enough power under existing laws - an offender can be turned away at present but can come back armed and dangerous when no-one's looking - smacked of a bush lawyer at his worst. It would be laughed out of any court. He claimed there was little of the public "hysteria" seen in Perth - gotta love it when a politician uses that word - when Victoria introduced similar laws last year. Maybe he should read this. It's not hysteria. Just a calm assessment of what has happened - or otherwise. Maybe he wanted a reason to build up a collection of Swiss Army knives. There's little doubt that crimes involving weapons are serious matters. We don't want a society where It's commonplace to carry a knife or gun.
And the public have a right to feel safe. Yet the public doesn't "feel" safe in their home town, no matter what laws are in place. One of the most common complaints you will hear wherever you live goes along the lines of: "Oh, it's terrible here. I'm too scared to go out at night. Over in (insert town here) you never see this sort of thing happen. Why can't we be like them?" Over in (insert town here) they say the same thing. And want it to be like where you are. Yes, it happens wherever you live in this country. No one feels safe. It's been that way for the past 40 years.
No amount of laws, save for some sort of Stalinist repression or adopting Japanese culture holus bolus, will change that. But that's the one reason it's easier to give law enforcement more and more powers with usually little scrutiny, as governments love to do to build their case. Scare tactics and "hysteria" (yes, Rob) are far easier - they usually bear little scrutiny past the headline. Davies and the Legislative Council committee scrutinised the pros and cons for months, much longer than it took the Bill Mark One to be put together. And certainly much longer than the time in which Mark Two was cobbled together. Surely adopting 36 of 46 changes was evidence enough for Johnson and the Liberals that this legislation was hopeless. Johnson's nonsense yesterday about bringing in the legislation to "save lives," and to watch out for an increase in knife attacks in Northbridge in the next few months, shouldn't be forgotten.
Doubtless he and his leader will try to dine out on the fact that things would have been even better had they got their way. And doubtless the number of weapons seized in Northbridge and train stations (under existing laws) could surge if resources are put into it (not that I'm suggesting that would be done). In a democratic society an inalienable right is to have sensible laws that allow us to go about our business with as little hindrance as necessary. Where there isn't an implied burden of innocence ("if you're doing nothing wrong you've got nothing to be worried about") evident in all random checks. Loading
And in ensuring another statute did not enter the books which could whittle away at a right that is hard won and easily lost, Davies - first and foremost - and her colleagues - reluctant or otherwise - should be congratulated. Follow Chalpat Sonti on Twitter @ChalpatSonti
Prime Minister Narendra Modi rapped top bureaucrats over procedural delays in a UP highway project, piling up of pension grievances and cost over-run of Sikkim airport project at Pakyong near Gangtok, at the monthly PRAGATI meeting last Wednesday.
Modi was interacting with secretaries and state chief secretaries through video conferencing under pro-active governance and timely implementation platform, according to government sources.
Expressing concern over the flood of pension grievances, he directed Labour secretary M Satiyavathy to ensure that people in the organised labour get their pension papers ready before retirement.
Modi apparently said that the sector should get pensionary benefits like senior bureaucrats on retirement. The observation was made after the secretary made a detailed presentation on how her department was addressing grievances.
Modi apparently questioned her on the rising number of complaints which indicated that the system was not functioning, sources said.
The Prime Minister then questioned Roads and Transport secretary Sanjay Mitra on the status of the 74 km-long Delhi-Dasna-Meerut highway, for which Modi had laid the foundation on December 31, 2015.
Apparently, the secretary informed that the project was progressing slowly due to environmental issues related to felling of trees, shifting of utilities and land acquisition.
Concerned, Modi asked UP chief secretary Rahul Bhatnagar to help expedite the project with cabinet secretary P K Sinha, who would monitor it, the sources said.
The PM told the secretaries that if projects are delayed like this, next time he would “satisfy himself” about clearances obtained before laying any foundation and maintained that he does not believe in laying foundation for projects which would be inaugurated by the next government.
The sources said Modi was also irked by land acquisition and compensation issues delaying the Pakyong airport project in Sikkim. As the state's chief secretary A K Srivastava began reading a long note on delays, Modi told him that he ought to have all the facts on his fingertips as the airport would provide much needed tourism revenue to his state.
As of now, Sikkim is linked by a two-lane road to Silliguri in West Bengal which remains choked with traffic most of the time. For flight services, people have to go to Bagdogra, near Siliguri, as there is no airport in the state.
The cost of constructing the Pakyong airport, 30 kilometres from Gangtok, has doubled since the contract was awarded in 2008, with local protests over compensation being frequent.
Slated for inauguration next year, the airport will ensure that Sikkim people do not have to travel 124 km via the choked road to catch a flight.
First Published: Oct 28, 2016 21:23 IST
Even before ABC officially decided to cancel it, Downward Dog was always going to be fighting an uphill battle.
While broadcast networks are sometimes willing to go slightly outside the box with their comedies when presented with the right opportunity (see: NBC's afterlife farce The Good Place), for the most part, high-concept ideas like “a show about a talking dog, but one who's kinda depressed” just aren't as easy to sell as comedies about everyday people muddling their way through mortgages and middle school dances. Downward Dog's gimmick didn't even have the decency to be wacky — which is, ironically, part of what made the show so special.
Throughout its eight-episode season, Downward Dog was a surprisingly intimate, compassionate show about two characters trying to live their lives to the fullest without giving in to their own self-doubt — and one of those characters just so happened to be a mutt with sad eyes and an affinity for the umami flavors of trash. The series defied easy characterization, a rare feat for a network comedy. Yes, it starred a talking dog, but it was also a heartfelt study of what it means to be lonely and insecure and doing your best, anyway.
It was perhaps thanks to this surprising combination of tones that Downward Dog walked an interesting path before it premiered on ABC. It started out as a webseries created by Samm Hodges, who originally wanted the episodes to act as a collective pitch for an eventual short film. Instead, it caught the eyes of production company Legendary Television, and then ABC itself. In February, the Downward Dog pilot became the first network comedy to ever premiere at the Sundance Film Festival. But the show didn't appear on ABC's schedule until mid-May, a transition month when most regular-season shows are wrapping up before summer shows premiere in June.
Downward Dog finally debuted May 17 after the season finale of Modern Family, to solidly okay ratings. But viewership dwindled from there, all the way through the show's eighth — and as it turns out, final — episode on June 27. (Hodges has stated that he and co-creator Michael Killen will try to find a new home for the show, but it's unclear as of now whether or not they'll be successful.)
It's a true shame that Downward Dog didn't get the time or space to convince viewers it was worthy, particularly those who might have been skeptical of a series that centered on a neurotic dog. But those who did tune in would find that Martin (voiced by Hodges) and his owner Nan (Fargo breakout Allison Tolman) are maybe more relatable than the show's description initially let on. Martin looked out at the world through a living room window, longing for freedom while acknowledging that he was almost certainly better off snuggled between plush couch cushions. Meanwhile, Nan took a headfirst leap at work to lead a huge advertising campaign, which both frightened and exhilarated her.
Downward Dog was filmed in Pittsburgh and put an emphasis on realism, even if just to show that Nan was a person who sometimes felt overwhelmed by life. Occasionally she got a little too drunk or left snack crumbs on the coffee table (and who among us hasn't?). And for his part, Martin delivered his rambling thoughts directly to the camera in a deadpan voiceover that featured him constantly second-guessing himself. He routinely grappled with his feelings on life and how puppies should be shamed for constantly reminding everyone else of their dwindling mortality.
It was a lovely, weird little gem of a show, but it's not exactly a shocker that it didn't survive on ABC. Downward Dog was many things — gracious and kind, sincere and strange — but it wasn't cut out to be a network comedy. If the show finds another home (and I hope it does!), it will hopefully be somewhere on a network where its oddness will be a blessing, not a curse.
All eight episodes of Downward Dog are currently available to stream on ABC.com and Hulu.
Alleged Bourke Street killer Dimitrious Gargasoulas has declared himself "the saviour" and not guilty in his first appearance before a court since he was charged over the deadly drive through Melbourne's CBD.
Mr Gargasoulas, 26, appeared to be smirking as he appeared before Melbourne Magistrates Court via video link from prison on Wednesday,wearing a black jumper, with stubble on his chin and with his hair all black.
People lay flowers at the memorial to the victims in the wake of the Bourke Street attack. Credit:Jason South
"Your Honour, do you know ... I want to tell you something," he called out, before he was cut off by his lawyer, who told him there were media in the court.
Mr Gargasoulas then said: "I just want to say that Aboriginal law is identical to Muslim law."
The researchers say the find is unequivocal proof that people were in Florida more than 1,000 years earlier than anyone had imagined. (FloridaState/YouTube)
Thousands of years ago, some of the first Americans knelt beside a pond in what is now Florida. Clutching sharp stone knives, they hacked at the tusk of a slain mastodon, slicing meat away from the long bone. Then, with their work completed, they got up and walked away, leaving behind some tools and the stripped carcass .
Centuries passed. Sea levels rose. The ancient site was submerged by layers of sediment, and then by a rising river. Wave after wave of human inhabitants came and went: hunters, farmers, explorers, colonizers, retirees from New York. Until, in 2012, a team of archaeologists descended into the river's murky depths to dig up the artifacts below.
The ancient tools and bone are 14,550 years old, they reported Friday in the journal Science Advances, making them the most ancient human remnants ever found in the southeastern United States. The researchers say the find is unequivocal proof that people were in Florida more than 1,000 years earlier than anyone had imagined — a discovery that could help rewrite the history of humans on the continent.
The new study comes as something of a vindication for the swampy site in the Florida panhandle, named Page-Ladson for the diver who discovered it and the family whose land it is on. In the 1980s, archaeologist James Dunbar and paleontologist David Webb dug up the knife-scarred mastodon tusk that had been left there and estimated it to be more than 14,400 years old.
But the anthropological community was quick to cast doubt on that date. For half a century it had been assumed that the Clovis people — skilled hunters famous for their distinctive fluted spear points — were the first to migrate from Asia and then down through Canada after the glaciers began to melt at the end of the last ice age, roughly 13,000 years ago.
The age given for the tusk didn't fit that paradigm, other scientists said — the ice-free corridor wouldn't even have been open yet. Something must have gone wrong with the dig or the radiocarbon dating, or perhaps the marks on the tusk were caused by something other than a human. Even Dunbar and Webb expressed some misgivings about their results.
Jessi Halligan, left, and fellow researchers hold the partially reassembled mastodon tusk from the Page-Ladson site. (Brendan Fenerty)
"I always felt that Dunbar and Webb had been kind of maligned," said Mike Waters, the director of the Center for the Study of the First Americans at Texas A&M and a principal investigator on the latest Page-Ladson report. "So when I was given the chance to go back there, I jumped at it."
This time, Waters and his colleagues were armed with dating techniques orders of magnitude more precise than their predecessors'. They also had an increasingly compelling case for "pre-Clovis" occupation of the Americas: genetic analyses showing that Native Americans' ancestors arrived here some 16,000 years ago and archaeological sites as far-flung as Oregon and Chile bearing evidence of human presence long before Clovis.
"What we tried to do at Page-Ladson is make a really strong case that would be unassailable ... that these artifacts are man-made and they're exactly where those people left them 14,550 years ago," Waters said.
[Surprising infant grave may solve the mystery of North American migration]
The project involved years of painstaking excavation in the Aucilla River, a slow-moving, coffee-colored waterway shaded by cypress trees and inhabited by alligators. Underwater archaeologists dug up and dated layer after layer of sediment from the river bottom, sifting through each patch of dirt for evidence that humans had once been there.
They uncovered what co-author Tom Stafford calls a "chronological layer cake." More than 70 samples of ancient organic material taken from the site and radiocarbon dated at Stafford's lab showed that each layer was slightly older than the one before it. They prove that nothing had disturbed or mixed up the sediments as they were laid down over time.
The biface (double-sided knife) found at Page-Ladson. (Courtesy of CSFA)
By the time archaeologists reached the 14,500-year-old stratum, they began to find objects they say could only have come from humans: five sharpened rocks that were carried in from elsewhere in the region, and a double-sided stone knife, or biface, that would have been among the most advanced technologies of the time. The team then re-examined the mastodon tusk found by Webb and Dunbar (who was also part of this excavation) and determined that it was most likely butchered by humans.
"It's really exciting," said Jessi Halligan, an archaeologist at Florida State University and Waters's fellow principal investigator. "We have these unambiguous cultural artifacts found in an intact geological stratum that dates to more than 1,500 years older than Clovis. That's why it's a big deal. That's why we have to revisit our theory for how the Americas were colonized."
[Girl's 12,000-year-old skeleton found in cave may solve mystery of Native American origins]
Donald Grayson, an anthropologist at the University of Washington who specializes in American prehistory, noted that there's some doubt about radiocarbon dates coming out of the Aucilla River. Ancient carbon dissolved in the water can contaminate samples, causing them to appear older than they really are.
Halligan countered that the dates coming out of Stafford's lab match what is known about environmental changes at the time. For example, a layer of rapidly deposited dirt was estimated to have been laid down between 14,500 and 14,000 calendar years before present — at exactly the time that rising sea levels would have caused a huge influx of sediment. If the samples were contaminated, that wouldn't be the case.
"These are the most precise ages we can get," she said.
The discovery also jibes with other pre-Clovis archaeological finds across the Americas, including the more than 14,300-year-old Paisley Caves site in south-central Oregon. Dennis Jenkins, an archaeologist for the Museum of Natural and Cultural History at the University of Oregon who co-led excavations of the caves, said that report offered "yet another data point" in favor of an increasingly popular new theory about America's first humans.
"I believe that the majority of professional archaeologists have reached a point that, yes, they agree there was something here a minimum of 1000 years before Clovis ... and since the ice free corridor wasn't open yet, obviously there are a lot implications for getting people down from the interior of Alaska," Jenkins said.
A member of the team, Valérie Brosseau of the University of Toronto, makes final preparations before her descent. (Brendan Fenerty)
It seems likely that the first Americans sailed down the Pacific coast, where pockets of land and seal-rich seas would have sustained them as they migrated south to places like Paisley Caves and Monte Verde in Chile. From there, they may have followed America's river systems to the other side of the continent, or trekked across Central America at its narrowest point and sailed up into the Gulf of Mexico.
The Page-Ladson find also challenges another piece of anthropology orthodoxy: Scientists have long-believed that the arrival of human hunters in the Americas precipitated a "blitzkrieg" extinction of the region's megafauna — mammoths, giant bison, ground sloths, and others — because Clovis points appear at exactly the moment in the archaeological record where giant mammal fossils vanish. But the discovery of tools and a butchered mastodon bone suggest that humans and these large animals co-existed for at least 1,500 years.
So, how did the Page-Ladson people get to Florida? And what happened when they arrived?
"We just don't know yet," Waters said. "But what we do know now is that there were people at Page-Ladson 14,550 years ago ... and I'm hoping that it will blow the fence sitters off on to the pre-Clovis side and maybe it will open the eyes of the Clovis First proponents."
"And then," he added, "we can start looking for answers to all those other questions."
Read more:
Did a teen discover a lost Maya city? Not exactly.
The key to these ancient riddles may lie in a father's love for his dead son
DNA links Kennewick Man to Native Americans
This 9,000-year-old ritual decapitation may have been one of America's first
In ancient DNA, the story of how Native Americans thrived — and then were wiped out
The FBI has learned of more emails involving Hillary Clinton's private email server while she headed the State Department, FBI Director James Comey told several members of Congress, telling them he is reopening the investigation.
“In connection with an unrelated case, the FBI has learned of the existence of email that appear to be pertinent” to Clinton's investigation, Comey wrote to the chairs of several relevant congressional committees, adding that he was briefed about the messages on Thursday. “I agree that the FBI should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified information, as well as to assess their importance to our investigation.”
FBI Director Comey, in letter to members of Congress, says FBI is investigating additional emails in Clinton privat… https://twitter.com/i/web/status/792049409244663809 — (@BraddJaffy) Oct 28 2016
The FBI director cautioned, however, that the bureau has yet to assess the importance of the material, and that he doesn't know how long that will take.
In response to Comey's letter, Hillary Clinton has called on the FBI to release whatever information it has about the newly obtained emails ‘without delay.'
“I've now seen Director Comey's letter to Congress. We are 11 days out from perhaps the most important election of our lifetimes, voting is already underway — so the American people deserve to get the full and complete facts immediately,” the presidential candidate said at a press conference during a campaign event at Roosevelt High School in Des Moines, Iowa.
“The director himself has said he doesn't know whether the emails referenced in his letter are significant or not. I'm confident whatever they are will not change the conclusion reached in July [when FBI decided against prosecuting Clinton due to lack of grounds]. Therefore it's imperative that the bureau explain this issue without any delay,” Clinton stressed.
Following the FBI investigation and interviews with Clinton in July, it was decided she will not be prosecuted as there was not sufficient evidence to indict her. James Comey at the time called Clinton “extremely careless,” but said there were no grounds to prosecute her. Clinton noted that the FBI had not yet contacted her with regard to this new information, and that therefore she was unaware what facts became known to the bureau that forced it to reopen the investigation against her.
“We have not been contacted by anyone. First we knew about it is, I assume, when you knew about it, when this letter sent to Republican members of the House was released. So we don't know the facts, which is why we are calling on the FBI to release all the information that it has,” she urged once more.
FBI Dir just informed me, "The FBI has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation." Case reopened — Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) October 28, 2016
Representative Bob Goodlatte (R-Virginia), chair of the House Judiciary Committee, praised the decision to reopen the case.
“Now that the FBI has reopened the matter, it must conduct the investigation with impartiality and thoroughness,” he said in a statement. “The American people deserve no less and no one should be above the law.”
Almost 15,000 new Clinton emails were discovered in September, but it's unclear if the announced investigation relates to them or other correspondence. The newly discovered emails are not related to Wikileaks or the Clinton Foundation, law enforcement sources told CNN's Evan Perez.
The messages were not found on the private email server in the Clintons' New York residence, a government source told Reuters.
The emails were apparently discovered as part of the sexting probe into former Representative Anthony Weiner (D-New York), the New York Times reported. His electronic devices, as well as those belonging to his wife, senior Clinton aide Huma Abedin, were seized during that investigation.
House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wisconsin) renewed his call for Director of National Intelligence James Clapper to “suspend all classified briefings for Secretary Clinton until this matter is fully resolved.”
“Yet again, Hillary Clinton has nobody but herself to blame,” Ryan said in a statement. “This decision, long overdue, is the result of her reckless use of a private email server, and her refusal to be forthcoming with federal investigators.”
Kellyanne Conway, Republican nominee Donald Trump's campaign manager, applauded the decision.
“That is superb. That is extraordinary news for the American people,” she told Yahoo News. "A great day in our campaign just got even better," she tweeted.
“They are reopening the case into her criminal and illegal conduct that threatens the security of the United States,” Trump said in Manchester, New Hampshire, 10 minutes after learning about the reopening of the case. “We must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval Office.”
“I have great respect for the fact that the FBI and the Department of Justice have the courage to right the horrible mistake that they made,” he said. “This was a grave miscarriage of justice that the American people fully understand, and it is everybody's hope that it is about to be corrected.”
“With that being said, the rest of my speech is going to be so boring. Should I even make the speech?” he joked before turning to his prepared remarks.
The “FBI reopening investigation isn't an October surprise, it's an October nuclear explosion,” conservative political commentator Ben Shapiro wrote as part of a tweetstorm, adding that “Comey [is] trying to cover his a** 11 days before [the] election” and wondering if a “pre-emptive impeachment of a president elect” is possible because “the odds on President Tim Kaine just rose substantially.”
An ‘October Surprise‘ is a major event that happens in the month before the election that affects the outcome of the vote.
Fear:
F. False
E. Evidence
A. Appearing
R. Real — Donna Brazile (@donnabrazile) October 28, 2016
In response to the announcement, the Democratic Coalition Against Trump filed a complaint with the Department of Justice against Comey.
“It is absolutely absurd that FBI Director Comey would support Donald Trump like this with only 11 days to go before the election,” Scott Dworkin, senior advisor to the Democratic Coalition Against Trump, said in a statement. “It is an obvious attack from a lifelong Republican who used to serve in the Bush White House, just to undermine her campaign. Comey needs to focus on stopping terrorists and protecting America, not investigating our soon-to-be President-Elect Hillary Clinton.”
Stocks fell after Comey's announcement, CNBC reported.
At least two tank units have been positioned near the border and more are expected soon.
Highlights Indian Army has positioned nearly 100 tanks in eastern Ladakh The tanks have been placed to counter any threat from China Indian Army had last used tanks in the region during 1962 war
Tipu Sultan, Maharana Pratap and Aurangzeb are surveying the vast open valleys hugging the mountain ranges of eastern Ladakh, ready to counter any threat from China, which lies just across the border. If you are wondering how the three rulers, separated by hundreds of years, have come together, these are the names of three tanks of a regiment the Indian Army has positioned about six to eight months ago in eastern Ladakh.India did briefly use tanks here in the 1962 India-China war (five were air dropped) but they were withdrawn after the humiliating defeat. Now, the tanks of the Indian Army are back in Eastern Ladakh for good.For strategic and security reasons, NDTV will not identify the tank base in Eastern Ladakh just a few kilometres from the India-China border. Nearly 100 tanks have been positioned near the border; more are expected soon. "The vast flat valleys along the mountain ranges allow for armoured movement; besides, there has been an increase in the force levels across the border as well," a senior officer who didn't want to be identified told NDTV.But maintaining tanks in these heights isn't easy. "The air is rarified and temperatures go down to -45 degree Celsius, these affect the performance of the tanks," Colonel Vijay Dalal who commands the tank unit told NDTV. The Indian military uses special lubricants and fuel to keep the tanks running, he said, and added that at least twice every night, the engines are revved-up to keep the systems in order. "It is indeed a very difficult task, but we have worked out a process to overcome these challenges," he said as a set of three tanks maneuvered into potential attack positions.The weather and the terrain are exacting for the soldiers. The air, thin in oxygen, makes it difficult to breathe. The fierce winds amplify the chill. The accidental touch of a piece of metal can lead to chilblains and other injuries. "We work, therefore the machine works," quipped Major S Singh, the second-in-command of the unit whochristened his tank Tipu Sultan. With repeated incursions at different points of the border, China has signalled its aggression. Its hefty investments in roads and airstrips have left India playing catch up in strategically crucial regions. The positioning of the tanks is meant to prove that India is determined to assert its authority and rights over parts that China tries to claim as its own.
Originally published August 15, 2013 at 4:44 PM | Page modified August 16, 2013 at 10:04 AM
Alfredo Corchado will read from his book “Midnight in Mexico: A Reporter's Journey through a Country's Descent into Darkness” at 7 p.m. Tuesday at Elliott Bay Book Co., 1521 Tenth Ave. in Seattle.
IF only it was so easy — legalize pot and Mexico's bloody nightmare would end. It won't.
As a correspondent for The Dallas Morning News I've had a front-row seat to the massacre in my homeland, Mexico. Like many other colleagues, I've witnessed Mexico's descent into darkness as brutal cartels continue to fight each other for plazas — parlance for illicit corridors that lead north with, among other products, tons of marijuana for the insatiable, the biggest market in the world: my adopted homeland, the United States.
As I've witnessed the collapse of institutions in a blood-soaked nation, and seen so many in my own profession forced into censorship, threatened or killed by powerful cartels, I too have asked the same question: Why doesn't the U.S. just legalize this stuff, just like the states of Washington and Colorado, so we can put the nightmare behind us?
Lately, I've read how the South American country of Uruguay became the first nation to legalize the production, distribution and use of marijuana for its people. Even here in Mexico City, I've seen how the issue has become a topic of debate in Congress and among business and academic leaders who suddenly view the issue through a different prism.
Sure, Mexico is a pretty conservative country and the population remains largely opposed to the mere idea of legalization. A poll by Sin Embargo showed that 48 percent oppose legalizing marijuana, and just 13 percent approved.
Even so, in a country where more than 100,000 people have been killed or disappeared since 2006, the debate is healthy.
What really led to so many killings? Was it U.S. demand? And if so, is that why I often think of the double standard when I'm traveling along the U.S.-Mexico border? I find myself wondering why the U.S. spent so many billions of dollars and built so many miles of fences to keep people out, and yet it can't keep illicit drugs from seeping north.
As I walked the streets of Nuevo Laredo recently and crossed that bridge to the United States, the issue became clearer: Lost in the debate of whether to legalize marijuana is Mexico's virtually nonexistent rule of law.
In Nuevo Laredo the cartel that changed the game is called the Zetas, founded as a paramilitary group that quickly grew into the most horrendous criminal organization.
The images remain fresh: bodies hanging from bridges like piñatas; heads rolling next to mutilated arms and legs; body parts strewn on highways, discarded like trash, some etched with the letter Z; and mass graves containing the remains of migrants who died with their dreams of finding a better life north of the border.
It wasn't just illegal drugs that drove these people crazy for profit. In fact, less than half of the proceeds came from drugs. Much of their money came from kidnappings and extortions. They do it because they can.
I have witnessed a remarkable change in attitude in the past few years among some Mexicans, especially those hit hard by the violence. There is now a willingness not to just blame the United States for all their troubles, but to also point the finger at themselves.
More than 200 years after Mexico became a nation, history has finally caught up. Mexico hasn't been able to build judicial institutions that work. Less than 5 percent of homicides are ever solved. Corruption permeates society like an institution.
This isn't just about a commodity drug, but about those reflectors that shine along the dividing line between legality and illegality. It's about rule of law.
In other words if it's not marijuana, it will be something else.
Alfredo Corchado is bureau chief for The Dallas Morning News in Mexico City and author of “Midnight in Mexico: A Reporter's Journey through a Country's Descent into Darkness.”
Brussels claims tech giant abused market dominance by manipulating its search engine results to favour its own comparison shopping service
The European Union has handed Google a record-breaking €2.42bn (£2.14bn) fine for abusing its dominance of the search engine market in building its online shopping service, in a dramatic decision that has far-reaching implications for the company.
By artificially and illegally promoting its own price comparison service in searches, Google denied both its consumers real choice and rival firms the ability to compete on a level playing field, European regulators said.
The Silicon Valley giant has 90 days to stop its illegal activities and explain how it will reform its ways or face fines of up to €10.6m a day, which equates to 5% of the average daily worldwide turnover of its parent company Alphabet.
EU's €2.4bn Google fine is no sign of anti-American bias | Nils Pratley Read more
On the back of the finding that Google is the dominant player in the European search engine market, the EU regulator is further investigating how else the company may have abused its position, specifically in its provision of maps, images and information on local services.
The commission's decision, following a seven-year probe into Google's dominance in searches and smartphones, suggests the company may need to fundamentally rethink the way it operates. It is also now liable to face civil actions for damages by any person or business affected by its anti-competitive behaviour.
As the EU official in charge of competition policy, commissioner Margrethe Vestager, spelled out the case against Google, she denied accusations that Brussels had a bias against US firms, claiming the tech giant had been guilty of an “old school” form of illegality.
“Google has come up with many innovative products and services that have made a difference to our lives. That's a good thing,” Vestager told reporters, as she announced the fine, the largest ever made in an antitrust case. “But Google's strategy for its comparison shopping service wasn't just about attracting customers by making its product better than those of its rivals.
“Instead, Google abused its market dominance as a search engine by promoting its own comparison shopping service in its search results, and demoting those of competitors.
“What Google has done is illegal under EU antitrust rules. It denied other companies the chance to compete on the merits and to innovate. And most importantly, it denied European consumers a genuine choice of services and the full benefits of innovation.”
In the wake of the announcement, shares in Alphabet fell 1.5% in pre-market trading in New York. Vestager brushed off suggestions that the move could harm transatlantic relations, adding that the EU was not willing to give Google a “free pass”.
She confirmed, however, that the EU regulator had stopped cooperating with the US Federal Trade Commission when it decided not to pursue charges in 2013.
Google immediately rejected the commission's findings, and signalled its intention to appeal, in an indication of the gruelling legal battle to come between the two sides. A company spokesman said: “When you shop online, you want to find the products you're looking for quickly and easily. And advertisers want to promote those same products.
“That's why Google shows shopping ads, connecting our users with thousands of advertisers, large and small, in ways that are useful for both.
“We respectfully disagree with the conclusions announced today. We will review the commission's decision in detail as we consider an appeal, and we look forward to continuing to make our case.”
Vestager told reporters that Google had entered the shopping comparison market in 2004 with a service called Froogle which allowed its users to compare products and prices online.
Within two years the company knew it was struggling, she said. One internal document from 2006 discovered during the investigation stated: “Froogle simply doesn't work.”
From 2008, Vestager said, Google began to implement, initially in the UK and Germany, and then further afield, a fundamental change in strategy to push its comparison shopping service, and break EU law.
According to an analysis of around 1.7bn search queries, Google's search algorithm systematically was consistently giving prominent placement to its own comparison shopping service to the detriment of rival services.
The placement of Google's product well ahead of its rivals was pivotal to the shopping service's success as, even on a desktop, the 10 highest-ranking generic search results on page one generally receive approximately 95% of all clicks on generic search results. The top result receives about 35% of all the clicks and the trend is exaggerated further for searches on mobile phones.
The commission found that Google was dominant in general internet search markets in all 31 countries in the European Economic Area, with a market share of about 90%.
As a result of Google's illegal practices, traffic to Google's comparison shopping service increased significantly – 45-fold in the UK, for example – while rivals suffered very substantial losses of traffic on a lasting basis, Vestager said.
The commission found specific evidence of sudden drops of traffic to certain rival websites of 85% in the UK, up to 92% in Germany and 80% in France. Some competitors have adapted and managed to recover some traffic but never in full, Vestager said.
The commission's fine of €2,424,495,000 was said to take into account the “duration and gravity of the infringement”, and was based on Google's revenue from its comparison shopping service in the 13 countries where the illegality occured.
If Google fails to comply with the commission's decision, it would be liable for non-compliance payments of up to 5% of the average daily worldwide turnover of Alphabet, which boasted of a turnover of €80bn last year. Any payment would be backdated to when the non-compliance started, Vestager said.
The commission has already come to the preliminary conclusion that Google has abused a dominant position in two other cases, which are still being investigated. The first cases involve the Android operating system, where the commission is concerned that Google has “stifled choice and innovation” in a range of mobile apps and services by “pursuing an overall strategy on mobile devices to protect and expand its dominant position in general internet search”.
In a second investigation into AdSense, a Google service that allows websites to run targeted ads, the commission is concerned that Google has reduced choice by preventing sites from sourcing search ads from competitors.
European Commission fines: a history
Apple, €13bn (2016): The tech company behind the iPhone was ordered to pay a huge sum in back taxes to Ireland after the commission ruled that the company's sweetheart tax deal with the Irish tax authorities amounted to illegal state aid.
MAN, Volvo/Renault, Daimler, Iveco, and DAF, €2.9bn (2016): A group of truckmakers is handed a record fine for colluding to fix prices over a 14-year period.
Microsoft, €1.2bn (2004, 2006, 2008): Microsoft was found guilty of failing to provide code to allow rivals to hook into its Windows server software at a reasonable price. The company's failure to comply with the commission's findings led to two additional fines in 2006 and 2008 on top of the initial 2004 order to pay €497m.
Intel, €1.1bn (2009): The US chipmaker was ordered to pay a fine of more than €1bn for anticompetitive practices after being found to have given price discounts to computer manufacturers Acer, Dell, HP, Lenovo and NEC if they bought its chips.
Facebook, €110m (2017): The social media giant was fined for providing incorrect or misleading information during the commission's 2014 investigation into Facebook's acquisition of WhatsApp.
Locked-in syndrome Synonyms Cerebromedullospinal disconnection,[1] de-efferented state, pseudocoma,[2] ventral pontine syndrome Locked-in syndrome can be caused by stroke at the level of the basilar artery denying blood to the pons, among other causes. Specialty Neurology, Psychiatry
Locked-in syndrome (LIS), also known as pseudocoma, is a condition in which a patient is aware but cannot move or communicate verbally due to complete paralysis of nearly all voluntary muscles in the body except for vertical eye movements and blinking. The individual is conscious and sufficiently intact cognitively to be able to communicate with eye movements.[3] The EEG is normal in locked-in syndrome. Total locked-in syndrome, or completely locked-in state (CLIS), is a version of locked-in syndrome wherein the eyes are paralyzed as well.[4][5] Fred Plum and Jerome Posner coined the term for this disorder in 1966.[6][7]
Signs and symptoms [ edit ]
Locked-in syndrome usually results from quadriplegia and the inability to speak in otherwise cognitively intact individuals. Those with locked-in syndrome may be able to communicate with others through coded messages by blinking or moving their eyes, which are often not affected by the paralysis. The symptoms are similar to those of sleep paralysis. Patients who have locked-in syndrome are conscious and aware, with no loss of cognitive function. They can sometimes retain proprioception and sensation throughout their bodies. Some patients may have the ability to move certain facial muscles, and most often some or all of the extraocular muscles. Individuals with the syndrome lack coordination between breathing and voice.[8] This prevents them producing voluntary sounds, though the vocal cords are not paralysed.[8]
Causes [ edit ]
[9] In children, the most common cause is a stroke of the ventral pons
Unlike persistent vegetative state, in which the upper portions of the brain are damaged and the lower portions are spared, locked-in syndrome is caused by damage to specific portions of the lower brain and brainstem, with no damage to the upper brain.
Possible causes of locked-in syndrome include:
Curare poisoning mimics a total locked-in syndrome by causing paralysis of all voluntarily controlled skeletal muscles.[11] The respiratory muscles are also paralyzed, but the victim can be kept alive by artificial respiration, such as mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. In a study of 29 army volunteers who were paralyzed with curare, artificial respiration managed to keep an oxygen saturation of always above 85%,[12] a level at which there is no evidence of altered state of consciousness.[13] Spontaneous breathing is resumed after the end of the duration of action of curare, which is generally between 30 minutes[14] and eight hours,[15] depending on the variant of the toxin and dosage.
Diagnosis [ edit ]
Locked-in syndrome can be difficult to diagnose. In a 2002 survey of 44 people with LIS, it took almost 3 months to recognize and diagnose the condition after it had begun.[16] Locked-in syndrome may mimic loss of consciousness in patients, or, in the case that respiratory control is lost, may even resemble death. People are also unable to actuate standard motor responses such as withdrawal from pain; as a result, testing often requires making requests of the patient such as blinking or vertical eye movement.
Brain imaging may provide additional indicators of locked-in syndrome, as brain imaging provides clues as to whether or not brain function has been lost. Additionally, an EEG can allow the observation of sleep-wake patterns indicating that the patient is not unconscious but simply unable to move.[17]
Similar conditions [ edit ]
Treatment [ edit ]
Neither a standard treatment nor a cure is available. Stimulation of muscle reflexes with electrodes (NMES) has been known to help patients regain some muscle function. Other courses of treatment are often symptomatic.[18] Assistive computer interface technologies, such as Dasher combined with eye tracking, may be used to help people with LIS communicate with their environment.
Prognosis [ edit ]
It is extremely rare for any significant motor function to return. The majority of locked-in syndrome patients do not regain motor control. However, some people with the condition continue to live much longer,[19][20] while in exceptional cases, like that of Kerry Pink[21] and Kate Allatt,[22] a full spontaneous recovery may be achieved.
Research [ edit ]
New brain-computer interfaces (BCIs) may provide future remedies. One effort in 2002 allowed a fully locked-in patient to answer yes-or-no questions;[23][24] others reported in 2017 having repeated this result with a larger study.[25] In 2006, researchers created and successfully tested a neural interface which allowed someone with locked-in syndrome to operate a web browser.[26] Some scientists have reported that they have developed a technique that allows locked-in patients to communicate via sniffing.[27]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Aborting AJAX Requests Using $http And AngularJS
If you're coming from a jQuery background, you're probably used to calling .abort() on the AJAX (Asynchronous JavaScript and XML) response object (jqXHR). In AngularJS, things are a little bit more complicated. AngularJS don't expose the .abort() method; but, it does provide a way to abort an active AJAX request. It lets you define a promise object that will abort the underlying request if and when the promise value is resolved.
In AngularJS, you use the $http service to make AJAX requests. When you initiate the AJAX request, you have to provide $http with a configuration object. One of the configuration options is "timeout". This option takes either a numeric value (milliseconds) or a promise. If the promise is resolved before the AJAX request has completed, AngularJS will call .abort() on the underlying XMLHttpRequest object.
NOTE: The timeout property only supports milliseconds and promises as of v1.2. Prior to that, the timeout option only supported milliseconds; meaning, there was no way to manually abort the underlying XMLHttpRequest object, even in v1.0.8.
As of late, I've been trying to create better encapsulation of the data persistence and retrieval mechanisms. This makes the matter a bit more complex because I don't want the calling context to have to worry about the $http service or about wiring up the timeout. To accomplish this, I have to create the deferred object and then inject it into the data response promise before I return it to the calling context. This way, the calling context can just call .abort() on the promise and the AJAX request will be aborted.
To see what I mean, take a look at the following code. The API in this demo (not shown) has a 5-second sleep() call to give us enough time to abort the request.
<!doctype html>
<html ng-app="Demo">
<head>
<meta charset="utf-8" />
<title>
Aborting AJAX Requests Using $http And AngularJS
</title>
<style type="text/css">
a[ ng-click ] {
color: red ;
cursor: pointer ;
text-decoration: underline ;
}
</style>
</head>
<body ng-controller="DemoController">
<h1>
Aborting AJAX Requests Using $http And AngularJS
</h1>
<p>
<a ng-click="loadData()">Load Data</a> -
<a ng-click="abortRequest()">Abort Request</a>
</p>
<!-- Show when data is loading. -->
<p ng-if="isLoading">
<em>Loading...</em>
</p>
<!-- Show when data has finished loading. -->
<ul ng-if="! isLoading">
<li ng-repeat="friend in friends">
{{ friend.name }}
</li>
</ul>
<!-- Initialize scripts. -->
<script type="text/javascript" src="../jquery/jquery-2.1.0.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="../angularjs/angular-1.2.4.min.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
// Define the module for our AngularJS application.
var app = angular.module( "Demo", [] );
// -------------------------------------------------- //
// -------------------------------------------------- //
// I control the main demo.
app.controller(
"DemoController",
function( $scope, friendService ) {
// I determine if remote data is currently being loaded.
$scope.isLoading = false;
// I contain the data that we wan to render.
$scope.friends = [];
// I hold the handle on the current request for data. Since we want to
// be able to abort the request, mid-stream, we need to hold onto the
// request which will have the .abort() method on it.
var requestForFriends = null;
// ---
// PUBLIC METHODS.
// ---
// I abort the current request (if its running).
$scope.abortRequest = function() {
return( requestForFriends && requestForFriends.abort() );
};
// I load the remote data for the view.
$scope.loadData = function() {
// Flag the data is currently being loaded.
$scope.isLoading = true;
$scope.friends = [];
// Make a request for data. Note that we are saving a reference to
// this response rather than just piping it directly into a .then()
// call. This is because we need to be able to access the .abort()
// method on the request and we'll lose that original reference after
// we call the .then() method.
( requestForFriends = friendService.getFriends() ).then(
function( newFriends ) {
// Flag the data as loaded.
$scope.isLoading = false;
$scope.friends = newFriends;
},
function( errorMessage ) {
// Flag the data as loaded (or rather, done trying to load). loading).
$scope.isLoading = false;
console.warn( "Request for friends was rejected." );
console.info( "Error:", errorMessage );
}
);
};
}
);
// -------------------------------------------------- //
// -------------------------------------------------- //
// I am the friend repository.
app.service(
"friendService",
function( $http, $q ) {
// I get the list of friends from the remote server.
function getFriends() {
// The timeout property of the http request takes a deferred value
// that will abort the underying AJAX request if / when the deferred
// value is resolved.
var deferredAbort = $q.defer();
// Initiate the AJAX request.
var request = $http({
method: "get",
url: "./api/friends.cfm",
timeout: deferredAbort.promise
});
// Rather than returning the http-promise object, we want to pipe it
// through another promise so that we can "unwrap" the response
// without letting the http-transport mechansim leak out of the
// service layer.
var promise = request.then(
function( response ) {
return( response.data );
},
function( response ) {
return( $q.reject( "Something went wrong" ) );
}
);
// Now that we have the promise that we're going to return to the
// calling context, let's augment it with the abort method. Since
// the $http service uses a deferred value for the timeout, then
// all we have to do here is resolve the value and AngularJS will
// abort the underlying AJAX request.
promise.abort = function() {
deferredAbort.resolve();
};
// Since we're creating functions and passing them out of scope,
// we're creating object references that may be hard to garbage
// collect. As such, we can perform some clean-up once we know
// that the requests has finished.
promise.finally(
function() {
console.info( "Cleaning up object references." );
promise.abort = angular.noop;
deferredAbort = request = promise = null;
}
);
return( promise );
}
// Return the public API.
return({
getFriends: getFriends
});
}
);
</script>
</body>
</html>
As you can see, after I've created the data-promise (as opposed to the AJAX-promise), I then augment it with an abort() method which will resolve the timeout.
The one big caveat to this approach is that if the calling context tries to invoke the .then() method on the resultant promise, the calling context will lose a handle on the .abort() method as it will be lost in the promise chain. This is why I am purposefully saving a reference to the primary promise before I hook into the resolution and rejection callbacks.
Aborting an AJAX request in AngularJS is not as easy as it is in jQuery. But, it's still possible; and, with enough encapsulation, you can still provide a simple interface for your data consumers. As a final note, I should also point out that $resource modules, as of v1.2, also provides a timeout option (though I have not yet tired it).
Tweet This Groovy post by @BenNadel - Aborting AJAX Requests Using $http And AngularJS Woot woot — you rock the party that rocks the body!
Bush-Cheney Crony Got Iraq Oil Deal Ray Hunt, the Texas oil man who landed a controversial oil production deal with Iraq's Kurdistan regional government, has enjoyed close political and business ties with Vice President Dick Cheney dating back a decade – and to the Bush family since the 1970s. Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly Despite those longstanding connections – and Hunt's work for George W. Bush as a member of the President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board – the Bush administration expressed surprise when Hunt Oil signed the agreement last September. At that time, administration officials said Hunt Oil's deal with the Kurds jeopardized delicate negotiations among competing Iraqi sects and regions for sharing oil revenues, talks seen as vital for achieving national reconciliation. “I know nothing about the deal,” President Bush said. “To the extent that it does undermine the ability for the government to come up with an oil revenue sharing plan that unifies the country, obviously if it undermines it I'm concerned.”
However, on July 2, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee released documents showing that senior administration officials were aware that Hunt was negotiating with the Kurdistan government and even offered him encouragement. Hunt also personally alerted Bush's PFIAB about his oil company's confidential contacts with Kurdish representatives. In a letter to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, Rep. Henry Waxman, D-California, committee chairman, complained that the administration's comments last year were “misleading.” “Documents obtained by the Committee indicate that contrary to the denials of Administration officials, advisors to the President and officials in the State and Commerce Departments knew about Hunt Oil's interest in the Kurdish region months before the contract was executed,” Waxman wrote. Waxman said the Hunt-Kurdish case also raised questions about the veracity of similar administration denials about its role in arranging more recent contracts between Iraq and major U.S. and multinational oil companies, including Exxon Mobil, Shell, BP and Chevron. Plus, there's the longstanding suspicion that oil was a principal, though unstated, motive behind the Bush administration's invasion of Iraq, which sits on the world's second-largest oil reserves. Administration officials – and much of the mainstream U.S. media – have ridiculed the oil motive charge as a conspiracy theory. Oil Deals But many of the oil companies now stepping forward to benefit from Iraqi oil were instrumental in both supporting Bush's political career and giving advice to Cheney's secretive energy task force in 2001. For instance, Ray Hunt's personal relationship with the Bush family dates back to the 1970s as Hunt, the chief of Dallas-based Hunt Oil, helped build the Texas Republican Party as it served as a power base for the Bushes rise to national prominence. The Hunt family donated more than $500,000 to Republican campaigns in Texas, while Hunt Oil employees and their spouses gave more than $1 million to Republican causes since 1995, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Ray Hunt also had strong ties to Dick Cheney during his years at the helm of Halliburton, the Houston-based oil-services giant. In 1998, Cheney tapped Hunt to serve on Halliburton's board of directors, where Hunt became a compensation committee member setting Cheney's salary and stock options. In 1999, when Texas Gov. George W. Bush was running for the Republican presidential nomination, Bush turned to Hunt to help fund his presidential campaign efforts in Iowa, according to Robert Bryce's book, Cronies: Oil, The Bushes, And The Rise Of Texas, America's Superstate. “By the summer of 1999, Bush had already raised $37 million but he wanted to conserve his campaign cash so he turned to a Texas crony, Ray Hunt, to help fund the Iowa effort,” Bryce wrote. “In July of 1999, Hunt was among a handful of Bush supporters who each donated $10,000 to the Iowa Republican party.”
In May 2000, Bush appointed Hunt finance chairman of the Republican National Committee. Hunt also donated $5,000 to the Florida recount battle and spent $100,000 on Bush's inaugural party. Bush Presidency
When Bush became President in 2001, Hunt emerged as an advisor to Cheney's energy task force, according to highly placed executives at Hunt Oil whom I have been in contact with over the past seven years. Bush also appointed Hunt to the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and to the PFIAB, giving him access to highly classified information.
Hunt's son, Hunter, a vice president at Hunt Oil, became another top energy advisor to the new administration, the company's Web site said. One of the topics before Cheney's task force was the hoped-for opportunity for American oil companies to regain access to Iraq's underdeveloped oil fields as a way to meet increasing U.S. energy demands. That opportunity opened up after the U.S.-led invasion and conquest of Iraq in March and April of 2003, although a stubborn insurgency and political disarray slowed efforts to modernize the Iraqi oil industry. Further bolstering Hunt Oil's influence in the region in November 2003, Bush named James Oberwetter, a Hunt Oil vice president, to be U.S. Ambassador to Saudi Arabia. Hunt Oil finally nailed down a major oil agreement with the semi-autonomous Kurdish region on Sept. 7, 2007. But the deal outraged many Iraqi officials because it was enacted before a national law could be adopted on the distribution of oil revenues. Bush administration officials also criticized the deal.
At the time, Rep. Dennis Kucinich, D-Ohio, questioned whether Ray Hunt benefited from inside information from Bush, Cheney and/or other White House officials about Iraq's stalled national oil law. "As I have said for five years, this war is about oil,” Kucinich said. “The Bush administration desires private control of Iraqi oil, but we have no right to force Iraq to give up their oil. … The constitution of Iraq designates that the oil of Iraq is the property of all Iraqi people." Amazon Pipeline
The production-sharing agreement Hunt Oil signed with the Kurds is not the company's first controversial energy project. Nor is it the first time the company has received help from the Bush administration for its work overseas, as documents obtained by Waxman's investigators show.
In August 2003, the Bush administration threw its support behind the Camisea gas-pipeline project in the Amazon jungle in Peru that drew international criticism because it threatened to destroy a pristine stretch of rainforest and jeopardized the lives of indigenous people.
The London Independent reported that the beneficiaries of the project “would be two Texas energy companies with close ties to the White House, Hunt Oil and Kellogg Brown & Root, a subsidiary of Vice President Dick Cheney's old company, Halliburton.” [Independent, Aug. 4, 2003]
When the pipeline deal went through, Hunt hired Halliburton to conduct the engineering work on the project as well as to build a $1 billion export terminal on the coast.
“Bush Pioneer Jose Fourquet played a pivotal role in the financing of a massive Peruvian natural gas project that benefited Hunt Oil Co., whose chairman, Ray L. Hunt, signed up to be a Pioneer and is a longtime ally of the president,” the Washington Post reported on May 17, 2004.
“Fourquet, the Treasury Department's U.S. representative to the Inter-American Development Bank, rebuffed the official written and oral recommendation from other U.S. officials to vote ‘no' on the project. “Instead, he abstained on $135 million in financing for the project, allowing it to proceed. Opposition from the United States, a primary funder of the IDB bank, would have jeopardized the deal,” the Washington Post reported. Wink and Nod Now, the new evidence suggests that Hunt Oil at least benefited from the administration's wink and nod in striking the Kurdish oil deal. In a July 12, 2007, letter to PFIAB, Hunt disclosed that Hunt Oil was “approached a month or so ago by representatives of a private group in Kurdistan as to the possibility of our becoming interested in that region.” Hunt described a visit of a Hunt Oil survey team and stated, “we were encouraged by what we saw. We have a larger team going back to Kurdistan this week.” In a second letter to PFIAB, dated Aug. 30, 2007, Hunt revealed that he would travel to Kurdistan in early September for meetings with the Kurdistan regional government, including its president, prime minister and oil minister. Those meetings led to the oil agreement between Hunt Oil and the Kurdish leaders -- and now have raised questions about Bush's denial that he had any advanced knowledge about the deal.
“State Department officials similarly disavowed involvement in the contract,” Waxman said in the letter to Rice. “Department officials claimed that to the extent they were aware of any negotiations, they actively warned Hunt Oil not to enter into a contract because it was contrary to U.S. national security interests. “Documents obtained by the Committee indicate that contrary to the denials of Administration officials, advisors to the President and officials in the State and Commerce Departments knew about Hunt Oil's interest in the Kurdish region months before the contract was executed.” Waxman asked Rice to cooperate with the committee's investigation. Hunt Oil declined to comment on Ray Hunt's relationship with Bush or his administration. Jason Leopold has launched a new Web site, The Public Record, at www.pubrecord.org To comment at Consortiumblog, click here. (To make a blog comment about this or other stories, you can use your normal e-mail address and password. Ignore the prompt for a Google account.) To comment to us by e-mail, click here. To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read, click here. Back to Home Page
NZXT is also showing off its new line of 80 Plus Bronze certified PSUs, the HALE82 N (non-modular). The HALE82 supports up to 3.5A for 5V standby, enabling high current draw for charging smartphones/tablets from your PC while in standby mode. The PSUs feature white fan blades and a white PCB in addition to supporting the 2013 ErP Lot 6 spec for a max of 0.5W power draw in standby mode - unfortunately to meet this spec you'll also need motherboard support for it as well.
NZXT also showed us their new Hue RGB LED controller. Priced under $30 the Hue uses a SATA power connector to drive a single 2m long strip of LEDs. The LEDs can be configured to fade, switch or remain stuck at a single color. Three dials give you control over the final color.
Reeve Carney as Dorian Gray and Eva Green as Vanessa Ives on Penny Dreadful. Photo courtesy Jonathan Hession/Showtime
Dear fellow sexaholics,
I'm going to blow all your minds, so to speak. The consensus seems to be that Outlander had the hottest sex scenes of the year—in part because, as you said, Willa, the acts were emotionally grounded, not just aesthetically rrrrawr-worthy. But another scenario that was way, way up there in the hottitude charts? Two dudes having sex on Showtime.
Did you expect me to say “two dudes having sex on HBO”? That would have been entirely appropriate, given that HBO's Looking was one of the most romantic, sensitive, and steamy shows of the year. (Any show that casts Scott Bakula as what Emily Nussbaum called an “elderly cocksman” is doing things right.) It was a little weird that the sex scenes on Looking stopped where they did—apparently both the old gods and the new forbid HBO from showing a non-Hodor male appendage—but Looking, like You're the Worst, The Americans, and Outlander, understood that the best kind of on-screen sex scenes tell stories about power dynamics, doubt, connection, and discovery. Chemistry so often comes from character, which was certainly the case on Penny Dreadful.
That last drama that didn't get nearly enough buzz this year, in my humble opinion. (Not enough monologues about existential dread, perhaps?) Sure, it was easy to classify Penny Dreadful as Showtime's decent entry in television's Ye Olde Horror Sweepstakes, but as someone who's not necessarily a fan of blood-drenched storytelling per se, I found that it evolved into a complex and charismatic revelation. You're pretty much guaranteed a hothouse atmosphere when you combine obsessive Victorians with unresolved sexual tension and high-necked, confining garments that anyone in their right mind would be dying to rip off. Like Downton Abbey, it was a show in which carnal desires were made all the more potent through their near-constant suppression, but on Showtime, characters get to actually, you know, do it.
On Penny Dreadful, there were hot, furtive hookups here and there, in alleyways and garden sheds and even in bedrooms now and then. The show wasn't shy about giving clichés a spin; one character was a prostitute with a heart of gold (not to mention the most inexplicable Irish accent since the Angelus flashbacks on Angel). But like Jane the Virgin, Penny Dreadful mix-mastered the tropes of its genre with such intelligent glee that it was pretty much irresistible. How could I not love a show that featured vampire hunters, Dorian Gray, and a werewolf?
Like the Victorians themselves, there was an undercurrent of lush sensuality running through the show, and midway through its first season, viewers were rewarded with one of the most electric moments of the year: Dorian Gray (Reeve Carney) and the show's tough-dude American, Ethan Chandler (Josh Hartnett), strolled through Gray's gilded parlor accompanied by sexual tension you could cut with a finely wrought knife. Finally, the men kissed, and it was super hawt (to use Official TV Critic Lingo).
One of the most interesting things about that scene is that neither character necessarily identifies as gay, not in the sense that we usually understand that sexual identity. Both men also had sex with women during the course of the first season, and their one-time fling wasn't repeated (though a girl can hope). Even a few years ago, that unwillingness to label a character's sexuality would likely have been a sign that a show was either lacking in courage or interested in peddling exploitative nonsense—à la the TV tradition of ladies who experiment with kissing girls right around important ratings-measurement periods.
But the creator of Penny Dreadful, John Logan, is a gay man who clearly has no interest in propagating TV's lame, craven tendencies. The sexual fluidity of his characters reflects the Victorians' own sense of discovery: They were obsessed with classifications and categories but didn't necessarily feel bound by them. And the show doesn't just allow the characters to experiment, it expects them to—one of its main characters, after all, is Victor Frankenstein. To me, this puts Penny Dreadful on a continuum with Transparent and even The Americans—these are shows in which no one's identity is ever truly nailed down and the usual categories that people use as social and cultural shorthand don't fully express the reality of the characters' lives. What I loved about TV in 2014 is that, as James said, it reveled in the glorious messiness and complications of characters' lives, in the bedroom and out of it.
That said, we're not fully past the antihero era, as Salon critic Sonia Soraiya points out in one of her end-of-year pieces. Even so, as she notes, shows as varied as True Detective and Looking undertook the project of “dismantling masculinity” in fairly profound ways. That's been the goal of Mad Men from the start, of course, but television in 2014 is far less dominated by tortured males than it was for much of the aughts. “It's a scarier world, past the debauchery of anti-hero dramas, but it's a saner one, too,” Soraiya writes.
Sane doesn't mean neat, identifiable, or predictable, either, and that's such a welcome change. Gender, identity, family structures, masculinity, what it means to be a competent woman, what it means to be loyal to your country, your family, your spouse, or yourself—all these ideas were under fantastic assault on screens this year. People are asking more questions about these ideas than ever—and a bracing array of people are getting to ask them. Beyond the shows that were on many of our year-end lists, there are enjoyable gems like Banshee, in which an Asian trans character is not just an ace hacker but a major-league ass kicker; Vikings, in which Lagertha escaped an abusive relationship to claim her autonomy and to take the reins of power in her clan; and Scandal, in which the exploration of a black father and daughter's painful history was one of the most riveting things on TV.
Before we all run off skipping into the meadow to weave daisy chains—so ecstatic are we to be living in this televisual paradise—I'd be doing a disservice to the medium if I didn't add to the discussion of the ways in which TV has stumbled or outright failed this year. Though Jim rightly points out how smart and ridiculously funny Silicon Valley could be, I was bummed out when the show went in some incredibly clichéd, male-gaze-y directions, especially in “Third Party Insourcing,” an episode that had all the bro-ish grossness of late-stage Entourage.
And just as Game of Thrones was getting over its sexposition addiction, it went and gave us one character raping another without the show realizing that that's what had happened (for anyone who cares about dismantling rape culture, 2014 has been pretty depressing all in all). But for my money, the episode that aired a week after the infamous Jaime-Cersei scene was even more depressing, given that it featured multiple women being assaulted at Craster's Keep, almost as an afterthought. I'm used to boobs as wallpaper, but rape as wallpaper? Nope. What galls me about the Craster's Keep overkill is that it displayed a real lack of faith in the audience: What, we wouldn't realize the Keep is a bad place, even as we watch a nasty brute monologuing about savage acts while drinking out of a skull?
Even worse were the rape clichés and women-in-peril plots on Tyrant, which wanted to be the most shocking drama of 1999 and even failed at that. I thought we'd moved on from such clunky character introductions. (“Hey, let's make the bad guy seem really bad with a spot of rape!”) Far less terrible but still troubling were the damsel-in-distress stories on the adventure serial Sleepy Hollow, where the cast's resident witch did not appear capable of hexing her way out of a paper bag. Willow would not approve.
It's not that I think the shows that got major things wrong intended to be exploitative, insulting, or dumb; they just didn't think things through, in the writers' room, on the soundstage, or in the editing room, and it showed. On top of that, I don't know if writers and producers with their heads down in the TV trenches realize how hungry audiences are for new dynamics and fresh thinking. In its first season, Sleepy Hollow was not just a crackling, bonkers action tale, it also casually put not one but two black families (the Mills and the Irvings) at the center of the narrative. The idea of mismatched detectives having adventures is not new; it's one of TV's oldest go-to premises. But the idea of a fun, populist show on a broadcast network putting black sisters at the forefront of the story certainly was new. In its second season, though, the show sidelined Jenny Mills and Frank Irving, and fans didn't just feel let down, they understandably felt betrayed. Sleepy Hollow wasn't going to be like all the other shows, until it was (though I continue to hope it will get its mojo back).
As television expands in every direction—and reinvents ideas about who gets to be the protagonists—it's sad when a show with promise or potential constricts its vision. After all, the shows we can't resist giving free publicity to are the ones where chances are taken and weirdos, shit-stirrers, and outliers are often center stage. Put in all the subversive text and subtext you want, TV people! Why can't a show about Chicago lawyers actually be a sly investigation of the surveillance state? Why can't a show on MTV be an empathic and wise exploration of a young lesbian's coming of age? Why can't a show about a racist doctor at the turn of the century have a thoughtful story to tell about being a black man in 1900 America? Why can't a Viking be a feminist? A Viking dude at that?
What's cool is that we're going into 2015 not knowing anything about what kinds of people we'll meet next. Will they be vampire aliens? Sexy accountants? Serial killers with enviable knife technique? Will these people have great sex or awkward hookups? Will there be more kilts? I honestly have no idea, and that's the most exciting thing of all.
Scottishly yours,
Mo
The Leica R 600mm f/5 Apo-Telyt prototype lens has appeared on eBay with a hefty price tag of $230,000. We say “the” instead of “a” because only a single copy of this lens was ever made for the company's Apo-Telyt line — lenses don't get rarer than this.
An Austria-based company called Photo Arsenal Worldwide is behind the sale, and confirms that this is a single prototype that was created for the Leica R system but never went into production.
The serial number on the body is 172-0001, which confirms that this is the exact same lens that was auctioned for $70,000 back in 2013 by Stan Tamarkin Rare Camera Auctions. Here are some photos of the lens from that previous auction:
“There appears to be no mention of this lens in the literature and none on the Internet. Very, very rare,” the auction stated. The “bomb of a lens” is reportedly in pristine condition and weighs over 11 pounds.
If you have an extra $230K lying around, this is your chance to snag a Leica lens that no one else on planet Earth owns. It's also rather affordable compared to other Leica Apo-Telyt lenses out there: a Leica 1600mm f/5.6 was previously sold to a Qatari prince for over $2 million — and there are two of those in existence!
Leitz Canada f. Leica R 5/600 mm Apo-Telyt Prototype Unicum lens! [eBay via Leica Rumors]
The Humane Society of Durham Region is investigating after a stray cat was shot 16 times with a pellet gun in yet another disturbing case of animal cruelty.
The cat, now named Matty, was found injured in Oshawa and was transferred to the Durham Humane Society on Friday.
X-rays showed the cat was riddled with pellets and also suffered a broken front right leg that will likely need to be amputated.
“With everything Matty has been through, his sweet disposition is shining through. He has won the hearts of his veterinarians and our animal care workers,” Durham Humane Society executive director Barbara Steinhoff said.
Matty is currently in stable condition and will undergo surgery in Toronto on Thursday.
The Toronto Humane Society's Phil Nicholls said by the look of the animal's wounds the shooting could have taken place any time over the last four weeks.
“As an animal lover and an advocate for animal health, it always surprises the state that some animals come in here,” he said.
Nicholls said they are hopeful Matty will make a full recovery and find a new home.
Last month, a 19-year-old Sarnia man was arrested and charged with two counts of animal cruelty after a cat was found with 17 pellets in his head.
Anyone with information on Matty is asked to contact the Humane Society of Durham Region at (905) 665-7430.
Apple is introducing the iPhone 6S, an updated version of its flagship smartphone with an identical design and a bundle of new features. Chief among them is a pressure-sensitive display, enabling a feature that Apple calls 3D Touch. 3D Touch allows you to press down on the iPhone's screen to pull up new menus, activate shortcuts, and generally interact with the device in new ways. Apple's Taptic Engine is also built into the phone to provide feedback. The features will also appear in the new iPhone 6S Plus.
Read next: The iPhone 6s review.
While the iPhone 6S maintains the same design and 4.7-inch display size as the iPhone 6, it's being offered in a new color: rose gold. There had been some earlier talk that Apple might offer the phone in pink, and it's easy to see why there was some confusion — rose gold can look very pink in the right light. The phone is also built out of several new materials. It's using a new aluminum, which Apple says is its own custom alloy. And its display is now covered with a new glass, the same Ion-X that's used on the Apple Watch Sport. You can bet that these changes are, at least in part, designed to make the phone less prone to bending.
3D Touch enables two new ways to interact with the iPhone, which Apple is calling "peek" and "pop." Peek allows you to press on app icons and other buttons to pull up shortcuts directly into specific features. Pressing on the Camera app, for instance, offers the option to jump right into taking a selfie. Pressing on the Facebook app gives you the option of updating your status, taking a photo, checking in, or starting a search. Pop allows you to pull up overlays of photos and videos without actually having them take over the screen; once you move away, you'll be right back to where you were before.
The iPhone 6S is also running on a new 64-bit processor, Apple's A9. As usual, Apple isn't giving the nitty gritty details of the processor, but it says that it's going to be 70 percent faster at CPU tasks and 90 faster at GPU tasks, in both cases over the iPhone 6's A8 processor.
Apple is putting a 12-megapixel rear camera in the new iPhone. This is the first time that Apple has bumped its camera's megapixel count since the iPhone 4S in 2011. It's long held that it wasn't worth adding pixels because it would lead to noisier images, but Apple claims that it's now managed to make the change without doing that. The camera is also now capable of recording 4K video, and it's supposed to have an improved autofocus in all cases. It also says that the camera has an improved autofocus. One thing that hasn't changed? The lens still protrudes from the back of the phone. 5MP front camera and a flash for selfies The front camera is getting a change, too. It's now a 5-megapixel camera, and Apple has figured out a neat way of giving it a flash: the phone's display just lights up really bright — apparently up to three times brighter than it usually would. It'll also customize the color that it flashes to match the ambient lighting of the environment a photo is being taken in. You're also going to be taking a lot more videos with this new phone. Apple is introducing a feature called "live photos," which will capture a short clip of video alongside every photo that you take. You can turn the feature off, but it's on by default, capturing a second and a half to both sides of every photo. A 12 megapixel image is still captured right in the middle. It's a pretty neat idea — even if HTC and others tried features like this years ago — but there's one reason to be worried about it: storage. All that video is going to take up a lot of space, regardless of how "space efficient" Apple claims they'll be. A pricing plan is, strangely enough, among the most interesting announcements Apple is also demonstrating new animated wallpapers on the phone — those may be part of iOS 9 in general, however. The iPhone 6S is also supposed to be getting faster wireless speeds over both Wi-Fi and LTE. Apple says that Wi-Fi should be twice as fast, and LTE is improving with the addition of more bands, now up to 23. Touch ID is also supposed to be improved on this model of the iPhone. Apple didn't go into a lot of detail there, but presumably it'll be faster or more accurate than the sensor on the iPhone 5S and iPhone 6. The new iPhone will be available starting at $199 on a two-year contract, starting at 16GB of storage and going up to 64GB and 128GB for $100 more per tier. But most carriers are moving away from two-year contracts and over to payment plans now, so Apple is offering some of those, too. The 6S will be available for $27 per month. But there's another more interesting payment plan: for $32 per month, you can lease an iPhone and then return it for a new model every single year. It also includes the AppleCare+ warranty from Apple. Preorders begin September 12th, with sales beginning September 25th. See all of the Apple news right here!
Apple Event: iPhone pricing and specs iPhone pricing and specs
Tragically, Pericles' xenophobic anti-immigration policies kept ancient Athens from being this diverse and angry!
If we want to reduce the numbers of casual racists and white supremacists who use classics to justify their racist views, we need to stop providing them with “facile narratives of static timeless white purity.” Before we can engage in critical reception, the first step is a critical engagement with the classical past. We must not only engage issues of race/ethnicity, class, and gender in antiquity in our teaching and scholarship, but also we need to stop pretending that the worst thing the Athenians ever did was to execute Socrates and openly engage the true dark side of Classical Athens' anti-immigration policies and the obsession with ethnic purity that lies at the heart of its literature, history, and philosophy…. Known as the Periclean Citizenship Law, the law passed around 451 BCE restricted access to political power and other legal rights to only those born of both a citizen mother and father. Prior to this law, one needed only a citizen father. We don't know for certain why the law was passed, but part of the reason may very well have been a desire to restrict the large number of immigrant craftsmen and merchants whom Athenian citizens felt might compete with them for certain work — contrary to what Laurialan Reitzammer suggests, male citizens did many of the same jobs as male immigrants (and slaves), often working side by side (we even have payment lists showing that they got the same pay!).
The exclamation mark indicates “the Athenians, those chumps!”. If only Pericles had had a billionaire brother employing lower-paid immigrants, he would have understood the value of immigration.
Certainly, then, the Athenian elites would have been more than justified in combatting this vile xenophobia among native workers by making extensive use of Eta-1-Beta visas to bring in cheaper and more easily controlled foreign workers to write code for Facebook, er, I mean, uh, to construct the columns and carve the sculptures of the Parthenon.
In other Classics news: Unearthing Prejudice: Results of Recent Excavations of Athenian Agricultural Sites “…were found in soil layers corresponding to the years immediately after the Periclean Citizenship Law was passed. ‘Results are difficult to interpret,' said Professor Jones, ‘but are generally accepted to mean many crops were left rotting in the fields…'”
From Donna Zuckerberg' s (Mark's sister) extremely woke Classics magazine Eidolon, a condemnation of the celebrated Athenian statesman Pericles' Citizenship Law (which frankly I'd never heard of, but, now that you mention it, sounds like a big improvement over our Anchor Baby Citizenship fiasco):Tell me about it.Commenter Chrisnonymous says:Commenter Achilles replies:Chrisnonymous piles on:
[Comment at Unz.com]
WD BLUE 1TB Solid State Drive
For an incomparable and upgraded system performance, you should equip your PC with the WD BLUE 1TB Solid State Drive.
With a total storage capacity of 1TB, it makes room for your most important data. It accommodates your documents, presentations, photos, videos, music, applications and even your favorite games in one storage. It features a slim M.2 2280 form factor design which makes it compatible with your desktop PC. It has an ultra-fast SATA II interface and read and write speeds of up to 545MB/s and 525MB/s, respectively.
Moreover, being a solid state drive, it ensures that it executes faster and smoother system boot-ups. This lessens your time in waiting for your desktop or laptop to start before you can begin working. It also delivers a quick and hassle-free data transfers, smooth system boot-ups, faster application launches and overall system performance.
Purchase the 1TB WD BLUE Solid State Drive today only here at TigerDirect!
What It Is And Why You Need It:
If nothing else, the next three minutes of your day are gonna be awesome.
Here is what I know about Kenzo perfume: they were very, very wise to have Spike Jonze direct this ad for their new fragrance (Kenzo World, I'm assuming it's called).
I mean, anyone who pays Spike Jonze to direct anything must be considered wise, but this...this is a particularly memorable ad.
It's even got a memorable name: "My Mutant Brain".
So, some background: Jonze directed the clip. His brother, Sam Spiegel, provided the soundtrack. Ryan Heffington (of Sia's "Chandelier" fame) choreographed this madness. And the enormously energetic woman featured in the ad is Margaret Qualley, who - you will be shocked to learn - is a dancer-turned-actress. Three cheers for all involved, but especially for Qualley.
Speaking of which, IndieWire's got a pretty great quote from Qualley about the ad:
“When we think about perfume campaigns, we think about a pretty girl with a bottle. This clip is exactly the opposite. It's very multi-faceted and different; it takes the spectator by surprise.”
She's not wrong! Created to be an advertisement or not, this is a great little piece of filmmaking, one that really makes ya wish Jonze were directing more often.
General Staff Reconnaissance Unit or Unit 269, more commonly known as Sayeret Matkal (Hebrew: סיירת מטכ"ל) - meaning Sayeret (special reconnaissance unit) of the Matkal (General Staff) - is the prime sayeret unit of the Israel Defense Forces.
First and foremost a field intelligence-gathering unit, conducting deep reconnaissance behind enemy lines to obtain strategic intelligence, Sayeret Matkal is also tasked with counter-terrorism and hostage rescue beyond Israel's borders. The unit is modeled after the British Army's Special Air Service, taking the unit's motto "Who Dares, Wins". The unit is the Israeli equivalent of 1st SFOD-D (Delta Force) of the United States.[1] It is directly subordinate to the IDF's Directorate of Military Intelligence.
History [ edit ]
In 1954 Israel's first special operations unit—Unit 101—was disbanded following the outcry provoked by the Qibya massacre. This left the IDF without a dedicated special-forces unit other than the Navy's Shayetet 13, a naval commando unit which could not fully replace Unit 101. In 1957 Avraham Arnan (né Herling), a former yeshiva student and Palmach fighter, petitioned the IDF General Staff to create a unit that could be dispatched to enemy-held territory to carry out top secret intelligence-gathering missions. Arnan's idea (backed by David Ben-Gurion and Yitzhak Rabin) was to create a unit that would recruit only the best and the brightest of Israeli youth. Prospective fighters were to be hand-picked, being physically and intellectually the best soldiers available. Originally part of Aman's Unit 157, Sayeret Matkal began to operate independently a year later as the General Staff's special operations force, modeled after the British Special Air Service. Members of the unit were trained by Bedouin trackers in order to obtain a better understanding of their adversaries.[2] Established a year after the formation of Israel's first helicopter squadron, the close co-operation between the two units allowed Sayeret Matkal to deploy longer and deeper inside Arab territory than its predecessor. Arnan's vision for Sayeret Matkal (of which he was the first commander) was of a unit that would carry out strategic intelligence-gathering and other operations; as such it would receive its missions only from the General Staff. Sayeret Matkal would also evaluate new weapons and doctrines that could influence the entire IDF.[3]
In the early 1960s Sayeret Matkal conducted several intelligence-gathering operations in the Sinai Peninsula—the last of which was launched just four months before the outbreak of the Six-Day War[4]. But, due to the extensive training, planning and preparation that had to be undertaken before its missions, Sayeret Matkal ended up not seeing any action during the war itself. It was however engaged extensively in the following War of Attrition. After 1967, with the rise of Arab terrorism perpetrated by groups such as the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO), Sayeret Matkal began developing the first hostage-rescue and counter-terrorism techniques in the world. Beginning with Operation Isotope, the unit carried out several high-profile operations that thrust it into the limelight as an "elite paratroopers" unit (Sayeret Matkal's existence was classified at the time). In 1972, before the Munich massacre, Sayeret Matkal's operatives were sent to West Germany to cooperate with German authorities and, if necessary, perform the hostage-rescue themselves. Their advice though, was not heeded. In the subsequent Operation Wrath of God, Sayeret Matkal struck the PLO in Beirut.[5]
The Yom Kippur War in 1973 brought a profound change to the unit. With Israel fighting on two fronts and the General Staff busy with managing the war, Sayeret Matkal found itself without missions to perform. Sayeret Matkal officers then split into two camps: those who believed that the unit should be kept in reserve and not be lightly sent to missions where it could endure heavy casualties, and those that wanted to go into action, even if that meant missions with little planning and more akin to a commando force than to the strategic-oriented Sayeret Matkal. The latter prevailed and Sayeret Matkal was tasked with operations on both fronts. After the war, Sayeret Matkal began developing plans for wartime in advance, so that when war came, the unit could go into action immediately, without waiting for the General Staff's orders and missions. A reserve company of Sayeret Matkal was also designated specifically for cooperation with the Israeli Air Force, shown by the war to be lacking. This would later evolve into Shaldag Unit.[6]
In 1974 Sayeret Matkal suffered a heavy blow when a failed rescue attempt resulted in the Ma'alot massacre. The debacle led to the creation of the Yamam to deal with domestic counter-terrorism/hostage-rescue missions, while Sayeret Matkal would focus on foreign counter-terrorism/hostage-rescue. Two years later on the 4th of July 1976 came the most famous mission of the unit, when it spearheaded Operation Entebbe to rescue hostages held in Uganda by at least six Palestinians and two German terrorists supported by regular Ugandan soldiers.[7] The mission was a resounding success, although there were 3 hostages killed as well as the commander of the Unit, Lieutenant Colonel Yonatan Netanyahu.[8]
Although a top-secret unit, Sayeret Matkal had tremendous influence on the IDF. It was the original developer of helicopter infiltration techniques in Israel. In addition, their extensive use of the Uzi led them to convince Israel Military Industries to produce an Uzi with a folding stock for increased accuracy while maintaining its small frame.
In 2015 the unit received a honorable mention for its activities during Operation Protective Edge.[9]
Recruitment and training [ edit ]
A Sayeret Matkal soldier
The unit was kept top-secret during its initial years. Fighters and commanders were selectively hand-picked, based on personal acquaintances. Since the 1970s, while still secretive, the unit opened to voluntary recruits. Twice a year it holds a notoriously grueling selection camp (Gibbush) for potential recruits lasting several sleepless days. The recruits are constantly monitored by doctors and psychologists. Those who make it through with a passing grade are admitted. During the 1990s, this selection practice was picked up by other IDF special forces (Sayeret).
Once admitted to the unit, recruits train for 20 months, with heavy emphasis on small arms, martial arts, navigation, camouflage, reconnaissance and other skills required for survival behind enemy lines. They must also complete the 120-kilometre (75 mi) Beret March in the final four days to receive their red beret.[5] The training regime consists of the following:
Four months of basic infantry training, held in the Paratroopers basic training base; it is part of the regular Paratroopers basic training routine. [5]
Two months advanced infantry training, within the unit. [5]
Three weeks parachuting course in the IDF Parachuting School. [5]
Five weeks counter-terror (CT) course in the IDF Counter-Terror Warfare School, followed by more inner-unit CT training. [5]
The rest of the training is dedicated to long-range reconnaissance patrol training, and especially to navigation/orienteering, which is of vast importance in the unit. While most of the orienteering training is done in pairs for safety reasons, as in every other unit in the IDF, Sayeret Matkal is one of the handful of IDF units which conducts long-range solo navigation exercises.[5]
Although Sayeret Matkal has its own insignia, it is also one of only two units in the IDF, the other being Duvdevan, whose soldiers are not allowed to wear it in public due to its classified nature. This lack of insignia often leads to Sayeret Matkal operators being recognized as such, as the fact that Matkal troopers don't wear insignia is well known.[10]
Notable members [ edit ]
Ehud Barak
Sayeret Matkal veterans have gone on to achieve high positions in Israel's military and political echelons. Several have become IDF Generals and members of the Knesset. Ehud Barak's career is an example: a draftee in 1959, he later succeeded Unit 101 commando Lt. Meir Har-Zion in becoming Israel's most decorated soldier. While with Sayeret Matkal, Barak led operations Isotope in 1972 and Spring of Youth in 1973. He later advanced in his military career to become the IDF Chief of Staff between 1991 and 1995. In 1999 Ehud Barak became the 10th Prime Minister of Israel.[8]
There is a widely held misconception that former Israeli Major General and former Prime Minister Ariel Sharon served in Sayeret Matkal. Although as a Major Sharon founded the IDF's first special-forces unit (Unit 101) in 1953, he never served in Sayeret Matkal.
Alleged operations [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Similar foreign special forces units:
If the percentage of Canadians with a job today were the same as it was before the last recession, Canada would have 665,000 more working people, according to economist Jim Stanford.
Canada lost 28,900 jobs in April, StatsCan reported, surprising economists who had been looking for the economy to add about 12,000 jobs.
But Canada's unemployment rate didn't budge, sitting at 6.9 per cent. That's because about 26,000 Canadians simply stopped looking for work, and therefore stopped being counted among the unemployed.
Canada's employment rate — essentially the percentage of people who have a job — fell to 62.1 per cent, from 62.4 per cent a year earlier.
That's the lowest rate since 2010, when Canada was struggling to climb out of the global financial crisis, notes Stanford, an economist with the United Auto Workers. The rate has been in steady decline since mid-2012.
(Another measure of this data, the labour force participation rate, is at its lowest point since 2001, at 66.1 per cent.)
The latest drop was “mainly the result of a decline in the participation rate of the population aged 25 to 54, the group most likely to participate in the labour market,” StatsCan noted.
By Stanford's calculations, if Canada's employment rate bounced back to its pre-recession peak, there would 665,000 more Canadians working today than there actually are.
“Less than a tenth of the damage done to the employment rate in the recession has been repaired,” Stanford writes in a blog post at the Progressive Economics forum.
Stanford says the Harper government's clam that Canada has more jobs today than it did before the recession is misleading — it ignores the fact Canada's working-age population has 2 million more people today than it did before the recession, and job creation hasn't kept up.
To be sure, Canada isn't the only developed country facing this problem in the post-recession era. It's worse in the U.S., where the comparable employment rate is three percentage points lower, at 58.9 per cent. However the U.S. rate rose in the most recent jobs report, by 0.3 percentage points.
Stanford lays part of the blame on government austerity measures. While government stimulus was in place during the post-recession period, the employment rate was growing, he says, but then it started declining again “as government switched from gas to brake, and austerity became the dominant theme of fiscal policy.”
Stanford says the phenomenon of people leaving the labour force is "not surprising” given the “general stagnation” of the main drivers of economic growth.
He notes that over the past year, increased consumer spending was the main source of economic growth. Housing, business investment and government spending contributed nothing to GDP growth, though increased trade contributed a small portion. And with household debt at record-high levels, consumers can't be expected to just keep borrowing to rescue the economy.
This “illustrates starkly that Canada's economy has no engine,” Stanford writes.
“In the absence of private sector leadership, government must lead the way with more investment and spending, not less.”
Also on HuffPost
WRAL NEWS 5
GREENVILLE, NC – A Yemeni national wanted in New York on visa fraud charges has been arrested in North Carolina.
Abdulrahman Ahmed Abdo al Waeli is expected to appear in federal court in Greenville on Friday.
State Department investigators say al Waeli is among dozens who obtained illegal visas from a foreign worker inside the U.S. embassy in Sanaa, Yemen. According to federal criminal complaints, the men involved in the scheme claimed they were coming to the U.S. for trade shows, but their listed employers don't exist and they never registered for or attended the shows.
Federal investigators say al Waeli arrived in New York in October 2014 with the stated intention of attending a show in Miami, but he then disappeared. He also listed a Brooklyn address on his customs and immigration forms that wasn't disclosed on his visa application.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security has declined to say whether the visa fraud ring has any connection to terrorism. Yemen is home to a branch of al Qaeda that has been accused of at least two terror plots against the U.S. that were stopped.
Tool founding member and sole guitarist Adam Jones has received a tremendous amount of praise for his musical work, but the talent of the guitarist ventures far past the auditory. Adam Jones is also an accomplished animator, makeup artist and set designer, having worked on major flicks such as 'Jurassic Park,' 'Terminator 2' and 'A Nightmare on Elm Street 4 + 5' among others.
As Tool began to become more popular, Jones harnessed his talents to create official music videos for the band, which have remained stylistically unique and unmatched in terms of hypnotic quality for two decades. Whether or not Tool is your musical cup of tea, the videos directed by Adam Jones stand alone as not just accompaniments to a song, but as legitimate visual masterworks even if stripped of their music.
Below are all seven Tool videos directed by Adam Jones.
'Sober' (1993)
Adam Jones' first visual creation for Tool was for 'Sober,' the band's first video offering from their 1993 full-length 'Undertow.' Jones used his masterful stop-motion skills for the dark piece, and 'Sober' became the first in a long line of videos that purposely do not feature any of Tool's band members and use bleak color schemes. Jones collaborated with Fred Stuhr to create the video, but for nearly a decade afterword, Jones took sole creative lead.
'Prison Sex' (1994)
The second and final music video from Tool's 'Undertow' album was crafted for the song 'Prison Sex.' Not only was the 'Prison Sex' clip a visual and conceptual achievement in the world of music videos, but also cemented Adam Jones' talent as a video's sole director. Despite the clip's prowess, MTV actually banned 'Prison Sex' for what was considered to be disturbing imagery.
'Stinkfist' (1996)
Tool began to earn legendary status as a band after the release of 'Ænima' in 1996. It must have been a difficult task to choose the first single from the record, but Tool went with 'Stinkfist' and thus, created another video. Purposed in heavily blue and purple, the clip showcases sand-based humanoids swallowing nails and strip their skin to reveal a contrasting layer. Although the video for 'Stinkfist' received heavy airplay on MTV, the music channel changed the title to 'Track #1' in an attempt to avoid controversy.
'Ænema' (1997)
The title track for 'Ænema' acted as the muse for Jones' final video coming from the record. The progressive theme of otherworldly human figures continued with 'Ænema,' with an added water concept reflecting the lyrical content of the song. Although the song's visual accompaniment is yet another fascinating use of Adam Jones' animation skills, the bleak and confusing nature of 'Ænema' leaves the viewer to create their own interpretation of the video's meaning.
'Schism' (2001)
Arguably Tool's most popular and accessible song, 'Schism' was chosen as the leading single for the band's 2001 masterpiece, 'Lateralus.' This next chapter in Tool's videography used similar color patterns and humanoid figures from their earlier works, but 'Schism' is the band's most lifelike clip to date. Although the track is well over seven minutes long, the demand for Tool allowed for the video to attain heavy rotation. There is nothing that sucks you in quite like a Tool video, and 'Schism' is no exception.
'Parabola' (2002)
'Parabola' is not only Adam Jones' longest Tool clip to date (due to its inclusion of lead-in track 'Parabol'), it is also his first foray into creating a Tool video with help from artist Alex Grey. The video features two suited human figures, reminiscent of the 'Ænema' video, cutting up fruit before vomiting up a black substance. A massive amount of interaction occurs throughout the short film, all moving towards the beautifully multi-colored discovery of the 'third eye,' representing a sense of enlightenment and one-ness with the universe's collective consciousness.
'Vicarious' (2007)
Tool's most recent clip for 'Vicarious' is the sole music video from their 2006 album, '10,000 Days,' and is both slightly and massively different from the rest of Jones' work. Continuing the use of slow movement, humanoid figures and the art of Alex Grey, Tool's video for 'Vicarious' is their most colorful and technologically complex clip to date. The video's infinite and almost 3D nature is a major trip in itself, but when accompanied by the music of Tool, your third eye suddenly seems unblocked and squeaky clean.
Ubisoft announced plans to delay three upcoming games today: Far Cry 5, which had been slated to come out on February 27, 2018, has been pushed back to March 27; The Crew 2, slated for March 16, 2018, is now expected to be ready sometime between April and September; and an "unannounced franchise game" that had been planned for release in the company's 2018-19 fiscal year is now set for 2019-20.
"Our vision for The Crew 2 has always been ambitious; to really surprise players by pushing the boundaries of the open-world racing genre to the limit. The feedback we've received so far from fans and press alike has been hugely encouraging, and we're grateful beyond words for your continued trust and support," the Crew 2 team said in its delay announcement.
"In order to truly stand by our promise, we have made the difficult decision to delay the release date to between April/September 2018. While we're excited to share the joys of Motornation with you as soon as possible, we don't want to do so before the game is ready."
Far Cry 5 doesn't currently have such a verbose delay message of its own, but an update on the Ubiblog says that "the extra time will allow the team at Ubisoft Montreal to make some additional improvements that will bring the best, most ambitious Far Cry experience in line with the team's original vision."
Ubisoft Worldwide Studios Executive Director Christine Burgess-Quémard said the decision to hold back the games was driven in part by the success of Assassin's Creed: Origins, which came after Ubisoft's decision in early 2016 to ease up on annualized sequels.
"Taking more time with Assassin's Creed: Origins enabled our talented development team to fully express their creative vision. As expected, this had a very positive impact on the game's quality and largely participated to its commercial success," Burgess-Quémard said. "Taking a similar approach, we have decided to invest additional development time in three upcoming games."
Obviously a one-month delay of Far Cry 5 isn't the same as a one-year delay of AC: Origins, but the Crew 2 rescheduling is squishy enough that I wouldn't be surprised to see it go longer, particularly if Ubisoft sees an opening for an "open world dink-around arcade racer" in the 2018 holiday quarter. But regardless of the specifics, I won't complain: I'd rather wait for something good than get a half-assed effort on time.
Among the many other problems facing the Republican plan to repeal Obamacare, it turns out that one of their hastily-added "improvements" to the bill could leave 7 million military veterans ineligible for health care tax credits. When asked about the snafu, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer had no idea what reporters were talking about.
In their desperation to gain votes for their unpopular plan to repeal Obamacare, House Republicans inserted a raft of “improvements” to the bill, including one that could harm up to 7 million veterans by making them ineligible for the bill's tax credits.
Former Policy Advisor for the House Republican Conference under Chairman Mike Pence Chris Jacobs discovered the disastrous tweak, and described its impact:
The most recent estimates suggest about 9.1 million individuals are enrolled in VA health programs. However, a 2014 Congressional Budget Office score of veterans' choice legislation concluded that “about 8 million [veterans] qualify to enroll in VA's health system but have not enrolled.” Subtracting for VA enrollment gains since that CBO score leaves approximately seven million veterans eligible for, but not enrolled in, VA health programs, and thus potentially affected by the House's “technical” change.
Will Fischer, Iraq War Veteran and Director of Government Outreach for VoteVets, slammed the plan in an email statement:
“What started as a bad bill has now turned into a grotesque Frankenstein monster, a crude and rushed patchwork of mini-bills that hurt people who can least afford it. Now, we find out that Trumpcare will strip tax credits from potentially millions of veterans, and flood the VA with new patients at a time the VA is understaffed to handle a rush, thanks to the Donald Trump's hiring freeze. Since the freeze went into effect, we've already seen wait times lengthen; the claims backlog that President Obama had virtually eliminated, starting to grow again. This will only cause things to get worse. We cannot put it more simply than this: Trumpcare will punish veterans. You cannot be pro-veteran and vote for Trumpcare.”
Despite the fact that veterans are a core constituency for Donald Trump (albeit one which Trump frequently harms), White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer was completely unaware of the problem when asked about it by reporter John Gizzi, and unforgivably ignorant about veterans' health care in general:
GIZZI: Several publications, including Sara's, reported today that as a result of a change of a few words, veterans who benefited from the program called Veterans' Affairs or had the option of getting tax credits would now get neither under the new legislation, and that seven million veterans would be cost health care. Is the administration following this, and is urging Congress to do anything about it? SPICER: Most veterans get their health care through Tri-care, or through Medicare if they're over 65, or a combination thereof, correct? GIZZI: And this is — well, but there are two programs: One is the Veterans' Affairs program, and the other is the option, this is under the current law, to have tax credits. And my understanding, again from Sara's publication this morning and several others, is that seven million veterans could possibly lose both under this plan. SPICER: Yeah, I — I'd have to follow up with you, I'm not aware of any modifications to Tri-care, in particular, that would have that effect.
As Jacobs noted, almost half of veterans are not enrolled in VA health care, and the change at issue, as Gizzi said, has nothing at all to do with Tri-care.
Spicer's ignorance of a widely-reported flaw in Trump's own health care bill is further evidence of either this White House's callousness or its incompetence — or both.
While Defiance may look like a brown/grey shooter inspired by all brown/grey shooters, the latest trailer shows off a selection of weapons that are far from generic. There are lightning guns, tick-firing guns, big weird metal globule guns.
Check them out for yourself.
This is one of the first videos to really show off Defiance being played as a game, and not just highlighting its strange cross-media relationship (Defiance is launching with a television series on SyFy). Till now we hadn't seen the game's weapons modification system, which, using modules, lets you change the power and use of your guns. If it's as versatile as the trailer suggests that it could lend this MMO shooter some real sticking power.
Defiance is due for general release on 2 April.
On Friday Alexander M. Kozak, a security guard Coral Ridge Mall in Iowa, shot a woman three times in the back. Court records from Kozak's Saturday morning arraignment show that the murder was likely premeditated, done in retaliation over complaints about sexual harassment.
River City radio station 1630 KCJJ reports:
Kozak had been a security guard at the mall but was fired earlier in the day due to complaints of sexual harassment of store employees. It's believed he targeted the woman, who reportedly worked at the Iowa Children's Museum, because her complaint was the last in a series and led to his firing.
Advertisement
After he was fired, Kozak drove to his apartment to retrieve his gun and returned to the mall where he shot and killed the woman. According to the Gazette, police have not yet released the name of his victim. The paper reports that she was shot around 7:30 p.m. and taken to University of Iowa Hospitals and Clinics, she was pronounced dead at the hospital.
Image via Getty.
You haven't read the Bible, then, because it's all over the place. Someone mentioned the flood already, but read about the land of Canaan--the so-called "promised land". The Israelites had to wipe out tribe after tribe, city after city in Canaan in order to inhabit it. That's genocide.
You wanted specific verses. See below. It's really a small sampling of the total violence--including genocide--that exists in the bible. The final source includes many more examples.
One famous instance is the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah. How is it not genocide to utterly destroy two cities?
Your justifications for genocide are funny. You might argue that people killed in the flood were "evil" or that the people in Sodom and Gomorrah were, but the people who were killed in Canaan were simply people who had a different religion from that of the Israelites; they weren't said to be evil. Basically, by your reasoning, you could come and kill my family, and justify it by saying that my wife and I are evil because we don't worship your god, and my innocent daughter will go to heaven, so it's okay if you kill her, too.
You also said something utterly ridiculous: "The children that God killed felt NO PAIN and where [sic] instantly taken to a paradise FOREVER." Um...how do you know they didn't feel pain? I assume this statement was in reaction to the taking of the first born in Egypt, but there's no mention of them dying painlessly. By the way, why would the angel of death need a mark on the doors of houses occupied by your god's chosen people? Wouldn't your god, being omnipotent, know which houses belonged to people faithful to him? Weird.
Anyway, justify and rationalize all you want; any mass taking of life like that described in the Bible is genocide, whether you judge the people to be evil or not. From the perspective of someone who doesn't buy into your myths, these killings were horrible atrocities, not the purging of evil you're saying they were.
Source(s): http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/nu...
(It says "drive out", but they killed)
http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/dt...
(all men, women, and children killed that were under the rule of Sihon)
http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/dt...
(All men, women, and children in sixty cities under the rule of King Og are killed)
http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/cruelty/long.html (It says "drive out", but they killed)(all men, women, and children killed that were under the rule of Sihon)(All men, women, and children in sixty cities under the rule of King Og are killed)http://www.skepticsannotatedbible.com/cruelty/long.html Greg Reich · 1 decade ago 23 Thumbs up 2 Thumbs down Report Abuse
WASHINGTON -- Republicans across the country were shellshocked as President Barack Obama defeated Mitt Romney in Tuesday's presidential election, finishing the race with 332 electoral votes and winning every battleground state except for North Carolina. The blame game began almost immediately, as Republicans looked to determine how a vulnerable incumbent like Obama had found a pathway to reelection.
The evidence behind the president's victory points toward a stronger appeal to middle-class Americans, one of the most formidable ground games in the history of politics, and serious failures within the GOP to attract Latino and women voters. But a faction of conservatives were having none of it -- offering up instead a series of explanations for their nominee's loss, rounded up below:
The media selectively reported Romney's gaffes.
In an op-ed posted to Fox News, Rich Noyes of the conservative Media Research Center slammed the “media's biased gaffe patrol” for only magnifying every alleged Romney gaffe while failing to treat the president's missteps equally. “When Obama infamously declared, 'You didn't build that,' ABC, CBS, NBC didn't report the politically damaging remark for four days,” Noyes wrote. In contrast, the Republican National Committee pounced on the remarks, selectively editing them for use in advertising, and even building an entire convention theme around the out of context quote. In the end, instead of turning on Obama, some voters reacted to the remarks by saying the words in context made them feel more positive about the president.
Fact-checkers were biased.
Noyes, in his mostly bizarre reading of the GOP ticket's loss, also took aim at bias among the fact-checkers who essentially did their jobs and truth-teamed the Romney campaign's factual misstatements. Noyes homed in on Paul Ryan's tale about the closure of a General Motors plant at the GOP Convention -- widely criticized as misleading -- arguing the vice-presidential nominee was “correct in all the details.” Noyes curiously left out that Ryan later backpedaled on his own claim, or that on more than one occasion, the Romney campaign was at times called out by its own surrogates for engaging in dishonest attacks.
Hurricane Isaac hit the Tampa convention.
Christopher Ruddy at Newsmax bemoaned that Hurricane Isaac washed away the first day of the GOP convention, and subsequently all of Romney's presidential aspirations. The storm “seriously disrupted the official schedule,” he wrote, prompting Sen. Marco Rubio (R-Fla.) and Romney's heartfelt biographical video to be bumped from prime-time TV coverage. It was up to the Romney campaign and the RNC to make the best use of their condensed convention -- which, shortened to three days, was still the same length as the Democratic National Convention in Charlotte. Instead of keeping Rubio in a prime-time spot, they chose instead to allow Clint Eastwood to walk onstage before a national TV audience and shout at an empty chair.
Romney was too nice.
Ruddy offered another explanation as part of his reflection on what went wrong: “Obama's ads were nasty, negative ones, while Romney's were of the kinder, gentler, country-club Republican variety.” It's true that the Obama campaign hammered away at Romney's business record, but it's also true that it was Romney who used his career in private enterprise as the centerpiece of his candidacy. And based on data collected by OpenSecrets.org, conservative outside groups spent over $74 million attacking the president, as opposed to the $5.1 million liberals spent in attack ads targeting Romney. The Romney campaign also falsely accused the president of ending the work requirement in welfare and, in the final days leading up to the election, implied in an ad that Chrysler was moving its Jeep production to China under Obama's watch. Amid the barrage of advertising that dominated swing-state airwaves throughout the cycle, it's safe to say that both sides churned out plenty of negative attacks.
Hurricane Sandy and Chris Christie get the blame.
Even before Romney lost the election, his aides preemptively blamed a potential loss on the storm that devastated parts of the East Coast. They even quietly decried top Romney surrogate New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie for lavishing the president with praise over his response efforts. In the aftermath of the election, conservatives appear to have gone from disappointed in Christie to flat-out exiling him from the GOP establishment.
Robert Stacy McCain wrote in the American Spectator:
The list of fools who have brought this disaster upon us certainly also will include New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie, the gelatinous clown who (a) hogged up a prime time spot at the Republican convention to sing his own praises; (b) embraced Obama as the hero of Hurricane Sandy; and (c) then refused to appear at campaign events in support of Romney's presidential campaign. Good luck with the remainder of your political future, governor. It is unlikely Republicans shall soon forget your perfidious betrayal.
But as Ezra Klein points out, the “Hurricane Sandy and Chris Christie won Obama the election” theory is inherently flawed. Moreover, there is little evidence to support the notion that Romney's momentum was lost in the wake of the hurricane. Most polling indicated he had lost it by the second presidential debate.
Obama won by “suppressing the vote.”
GOP strategist Karl Rove, who was one of the first to pin Romney's loss on Hurricane Sandy, concluded that Obama actually “succeeded by suppressing the vote” -- in other words, the president somehow prevented voters from casting their ballots. Rove did not fully explain his claim, perhaps because there is literally no evidence to support it, but instead insisted that the Obama campaign engaged in the sort of character assassination from which Romney never fully recovered. But the best was yet to come: Rove said the Romney campaign did not adequately defend itself against the attacks on the GOP nominee's business record, prompting Rove's super PAC to give it a shot. “We don't do defense all that well,” Rove concluded, somehow failing to mention that his two groups, American Crossroads and Crossroads GPS, spent a combined $300 million on the 2012 race.
Romney wasn't conservative enough.
This one was bound to happen. Romney, the once moderate Republican who served as governor of Massachusetts, lost because he tried too hard to be a centrist, some said. The effort by Romney to appeal to moderate-minded Americans in an increasingly progressive society left some conservative leaders so furious that they “vowed to wage a war to put the Tea Party in charge of the Republican Party by the time it nominates its next presidential candidate,” according to The Hill.
But the trajectory of Romney's campaign tells an entirely different story: The GOP nominee spent nearly 17 months walking away from the positions he once held while presiding over blue state Massachusetts in a tireless bid to win over the conservative base. It wasn't until the final month of the race, namely the first presidential debate, that Romney pivoted to the center in a last-stage effort to court independent and undecided voters. If anything, Romney's attempt to appear centrist was too little too late for a populace that smacked down Tea Party candidates on Election Day.
Americans are basically ignorant.
Sen. Ron Johnson (R-Wisc.) said on Thursday that the president's win was decided by an uninformed electorate -- even though voters had more access to information in 2012 than in any past election cycle. Johnson also neglected to mention the record spending on the part of Republicans to disseminate their message -- a message that ultimately lost out to that of Obama and his Democratic allies.
Liberals bought the election.
The Free Beacon has a primer on super PAC spending from liberal-leaning groups that helped propel the president to reelection. There's even a handy breakdown of individual donors, such as “misogynistic comedian” Bill Maher and George Soros, founder of the “shadowy network of wealthy leftwing donors” Democracy Alliance, who both donated over $1 million to pro-Obama super PAC Priorities USA Action. The total amount of liberal super PAC spending during the 2012 cycle, the Beacon concludes, is a staggering $200 million. But they left out one minor detail: that number was exceeded by Karl Rove alone, whose groups American Crossroads and Crossroads GPS spent $300 million on this election. The combined total for conservative outside group spending? An estimated $715.9 million, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Obama was backed by the 47 percent.
Following Tuesday's result, retiring Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas) channeled Romney's infamous comments that almost half the nation are government-dependent “victims” who support Obama because they feel entitled to food, health care and housing. “The majority dictates against the minority. So, right now the majority are receiving a check,” Paul said. “That is why people were sort of surprised with these conditions that this president can get reelected.” Of course, exit polls show the president collected his votes from a populace that found his policies more favorable toward the middle class, and his election was boosted by turnout among Latinos, women and youth. And Paul recently admitted to HuffPost's Sam Stein that he himself receives social security checks in the mail.
America's white establishment is now a minority.
Bill O'Reilly took to Fox News to discuss the changing face of “traditional America,” which was, according to O'Reilly, once home to a majority white population. Obama's reelection, he said, was a result of the Hispanic and black vote comprised of individuals who “want stuff.” While it's true that Romney led the president among white voters by 20 points, the majority of Obama's total nationwide vote still came from white voters.
The Washington Post reports:
Obama's 39 percent showing among white voters matched the percentage that Bill Clinton received in 1992 — albeit it in a competitive three-way race — and exceeded the percentage of the white vote earned by Walter Mondale in 1984, Jimmy Carter in 1980 and George McGovern in 1972.
Mayor Rahm Emanuel of Chicago. REUTERS/Henry Romero Mayor Rahm Emanuel of Chicago personally delivered a letter to President-elect Donald Trump asking him to leave one of President Barack Obama's programs in place that shields certain immigrants from deportation.
In a letter on Tuesday, Emanuel and the mayors of 17 other major cities pleaded with Trump to preserve the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, an executive action of the Obama administration that allows certain immigrants living in the US without permission who arrived when they were children to be shielded from deportation as they pursue higher education or a full-time job.
"Ending DACA would disrupt the lives of close to one million young people, and it would disrupt the sectors of the American economy, as well as our national security and public safety, to which they contribute," Emanuel wrote.
He continued: "We encourage your administration to demonstrate your commitment to the American economy and our security by continuing DACA until Congress modernizes our immigration system and provides a more permanent form of relief for these individuals."
Speaking with reporters after his meeting with Trump on Wednesday, Emanuel said he told Trump "we should embrace them rather than do a bait-and-switch."
He added: "That they were working hard towards the American dream, and that all of us fundamentally believe that these are students, these are also people who want to join the armed forces, they gave their name, their address, their phone number, where they are, they're trying to achieve the American dream — it's no fault of their own their parents came here. They are something we should hold up and embrace."
The mayor also said he presented the case for so-called sanctuary cities, local governments that do not comply with federal requests to detain immigrants living in the US without permission.
Repealing DACA would most likely have enormous consequences for immigrants living in the US illegally. More than 740,000 people have DACA-enabled work permits, while thousands apply for the program each month.
Many Trump supporters are pressuring the president-elect to follow through on his pledge to deport millions of immigrants living in the US illegally. Trump promised throughout the 2016 campaign to roll back Obama's executive actions, and at one point he proposed a deportation force.
But in an interview with Time magazine, Trump appeared to leave the door open to leaving some version of DACA in place.
"I want Dreamers for our children also," Trump said. "We're going to work something out. On a humanitarian basis it's a very tough situation. We're going to work something out that's going to make people happy and proud. But that's a very tough situation."
Emanuel isn't the only major Democratic municipal leader to meet with the president-elect.
Trump sat down with Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York for an hour last month, and he met with Mayor Muriel Bowser of Washington, DC, on Tuesday.
To Democratic officeholders (and, alas, Bush-Rove-Hastert Republicans) greed is good when it flows from Washington, D.C.
‘I did not run for office to be helping out a bunch of, you know, fat-cat bankers on Wall Street,” President Obama told CBS's 60 Minutes. He also has decried the “arrogance and greed” and “excess greed, excess compensation” of America's business executives.
Top Democrats like Obama constantly denounce private avarice. But when the fat cats are feds, not financiers, they go silent. To leading Democrats, government greed is good.
Advertisement
Advertisement
#ad#Just as Wall Street and corporate America relentlessly pursue profits, Congress and federal bureaucrats possess a ravenous hunger for tax dollars to fuel lavish spending schemes, underwrite generous public salaries and benefits, and seize increasing power. Post–Bush-Rove Republicans should condemn government greed non-stop until November 2 — and then excise this cancer.
These days, the wallets of many American taxpayers feel like helium balloons. Yet Washington always wants more.
Despite the votes of unanimous Republicans and 39 rebellious Democrats, Speaker Nancy Pelosi's far-left House of Representatives ran home on September 29 to campaign for reelection without renewing the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts. A Democrat-led lame-duck congressional session may vote to tax “the rich” — specifically, individuals who earn north of $200,000 annually and married couples who make above $250,000. If so, the top tax rate would rise from 35 percent to 39.6 percent. Remember: These disgusting plutocrats are expected to pay higher taxes and simultaneously hire jobless people and, thus, lower the unemployment rate closer to the 7.4 percent that Obama inherited.
Advertisement
Furthermore, the capital-gains tax could jump from 15 percent to 20 percent (rising to 23.8 percent in 2013, thanks to Obamacare), and the dividend tax could soar from 15 percent to 39.6 percent. This also would snatch growth capital from the productive sector.
Advertisement
The death tax — now dead — could be resurrected at 55 percent on estates exceeding $1 million. Any American who prefers to die without enduring a Democrat-led grave robbery has until New Year's Eve to stop breathing.
The National Taxpayers Union estimates that if key Democrats prevail, they would slam this sickly economy with at least $678 billion in higher taxes. “These tax-rate hikes won't just hit Wall Street reptiles or madcap heiresses,” says NTU 's executive vice president, Peter Sepp. “They'll throw a haymaker at the wallets of urban professionals, small-business owners, doctors, would-be entrepreneurs, and others who just might help the economy get back on its feet. Even a Keynesian ought to understand this. After all, as our recent statement from 313 economists supporting extension of all the tax cuts noted, ‘Households earning more than $210,000 account for one of every three dollars in consumer outlays.'”
Advertisement
#page#Meanwhile, as Americans miss mortgage payments, shutter businesses, and abandon their dreams, it's a happy hour for government employees. What reformist governor Chris Christie (R., N.J.) properly calls “shared sacrifice” means something completely different in Washington: There, the American people sacrifice, and the proceeds are shared among the feds.
Advertisement
#ad#As the Heritage Foundation calculates , between January 2008 (one month after the start of the Great Recession) and July 2010, private-sector employment shrank by 7,837,000 positions, or 6.8 percent. However, federal civilian employment grew by 198,000 positions, or 10 percent, not counting temporary Census workers. In 2009, the Bureau of Economic Analysis reports, private-sector salaries and benefits averaged $61,051. The federal-civilian figure was $123,049 — more than double. Also, the Office of Personnel Management found that between December 2007 and June 2009, the number of federal employees earning at least $170,000 zoomed 93 percent. Obama, like Bush before him, lets the federal Leviathan act like a Rottweiler at doggie day care.
As if devouring your money were not enough, Washington also sticks its collective snout everywhere. The feds have ordered New York City to change 250,900 street signs from ALL CAPS to Caps and Lower Case, supposedly because BROADWAY is tougher to read than Broadway. Rather than invite D.C. to SHOVE IT, Mayor Michael Bloomberg rolled over and appropriated $27.6 million to obey Washington's latest edict. This sum could have paid 219 rookie cops their $41,975 starting salaries for three years.
Advertisement
Washington dictates showerhead water pressure, limits the capacity of flush toilets, and essentially will ban Edison-style light bulbs as of 2014. (Thank you, G. W. Bush, for signing that junk legislation.)
Republicans should reject the Bush-Rove-Hastert era's spendthriftiness and instead — boldly, loudly, and consistently — demand a federal hiring freeze and at least a 25 percent cut in the overall federal-civilian payroll. (While counterterrorists should enjoy generous pay, the Agriculture Department's director of the Executive Secretariat should not.) If Republicans secure Congress, they should curb Washington's power lust by voting to repeal Obamacare and, if that triggers a veto, defund this new entitlement. A GOP Congress then should order Uncle Sam out of America's showers, lamps, and commodes. And the 2001 and 2003 tax cuts should be made permanent so that this melancholy economy can sing again.
As many Republicans apparently have remembered, government should serve Americans, not the reverse. We the people should explain this to Washington Democrats, loudly and clearly, four Tuesdays hence.
Advertisement
— New York commentator Deroy Murdock is a nationally syndicated columnist with the Scripps Howard News Service and a media fellow with the Hoover Institution on War, Revolution, and Peace at Stanford University.
Analysis of variance revealed that the interaction of subject x cooking time was not significant for OIAA (P = 0.40). Thus, the main effect of cooking time averaged over subject was examined (Figure). Human platelets in whole blood responded significantly different to cooking times (P < 0.0001). The baseline for each subject served as a control for each subject. Percent changes from baseline at 0 min (raw), 1 min, 3 min, 6 min, 10 min and 15 min of steaming were -81.0 ± 14.4, -74.7 ± 14.4, -11.7 ± 5.3, +8.4 ± 3.9, +21.9 ± 1.5, +25.7 ± 1.8, respectively. Raw juice significantly inhibited the collagen-induced platelet aggregation response (P < 0.0001). Steaming onions for 1 min resulted in a significant inhibition of platelet activity (P < 0.0001), however, steaming onions for 3 min did not result in a significant inhibition of platelet activity (P = 0.39). Steaming onions for 10 min and 15 min significantly promoted collagen-induced platelet aggregation (P = 0.02 and P = 0.01, respectively). Platelet aggregation was increased 22% and 25% by steaming onions for 10 and 15 min., respectively.
Soluble solids
3 Percent total dissolved solids did not change over cooking time (P = 0.2091). Soluble solids content and percent change in aggregation over cooking time are shown in Figure. The mean values for 0 min (raw), 1 min, 3 min, 6 min, 10 min, and 15 min were 10.58 ± 0.0, 9.95 ± 0.1, 9.93 ± 0.4, 10.03 ± 0.2, 10.45 ± 0.2 and 10.45 ± 0.1, respectively.
Antiplatelet activity is not specific to the edible Alliums. Whole foods and beverages such as fish oil [21], flavanol rich chocolate [22], pomegranate juice [23], purple grape juice [23, 24], and red wine [25] have been shown to exhibit antiplatelet activity. Clearly, our results show raw onion juice significantly inhibits platelet activity in vitro, which is consistent with previous studies [11, 26].
To our knowledge, this is the first study examining the temporal effects of steaming onion on OIAA. Other studies have looked at exclusively raw extracts compared to boiled extracts [16]. Cavagnaro et al. showed boiling for 3 min had no significant effect on OIAA, and that significant inhibition of platelet aggregation by boiled onion occurred up to 6 min. Our results showed that steaming for 3 min had large effects on OIAA, and by 6 min, significant pro-aggregatory effects were measured. The proaggregatory response increased linearly following the 6 min period. Cavagnaro et al. found the proaggregatory response to be significant at 20 min of boiling, compared to our findings that 6 min of steaming was enough to reverse the effect. Taken together, these results suggest a much more rapid destruction and reversal of OIAA from steaming.
Our results show that the longer steaming time, the greater loss of antiplatelet activity. All 12 subjects responded similarly to cooked onions. At 10 min steaming, we observed not only a complete loss of antiplatelet activity, but also a stimulatory effect on platelet aggregation compared to controls. This response could be of particular significance to those attempting to consume onions for their platelet-inhibitory properties. Previous work has shown that boiled Welsh onions (Allium fistulosum) caused a proaggregatory response in vitro but not in vivo in rats [9]. Even though this stimulatory effect was not found in rats, the phenomenon remains a concern. If stimulation of platelet activity occurs in vitro in humans, a possibility that this would occur in vivo remains, given the correct amount/type of cooked onion ingested and absorbed. Moreover, there is a possibility that those at risk for atherosclerosis or impaired endothelial dysfunction would be put at a greater risk, if consuming cooked onions.
Platelet aggregation plays a key role in the development of atherosclerosis, a process that begins in adolescence [27]. Atherosclerosis is a systemic proliferative and inflammatory disease of the vascular wall of arteries [28]. One of the first stages of atherosclerosis is damage to the endothelial lining of arteries [29]. When endothelial cells become damaged or dysfunctional, platelets are stimulated. Platelets are an essential element in normal hemostasis, however, when they become hyperactive, they can contribute to the progression of atherosclerosis [30]. If endothelial cells are damaged or dysfunctional and platelets are activated, platelets will aggregate and adhere to the lining of arteries [30]. Activated platelets secrete growth factors that cause luminal narrowing and intimal thickening, a major part of atherosclerosis [30]. A diet rich in natural platelet inhibitors may reduce an individual's risk of developing or reversing the progression of atherosclerosis, however this work indicates that the method of culinary preparation of such inhibitors may be important.
Extensive work has been reported on specific beverages and foods inhibiting platelet aggregation, whereas, limited work has been reported on beverages and foods stimulating platelet aggregation. Certain fractions of grape skin have been shown to promote aggregation, however, when both stimulatory and inhibitory fractions were tested collectively, grape skin remained inhibitory as a whole [31]. In addition, epinephrine is reported to promote platelet aggregation in whole blood [32, 33], however, discrepancies in reports on caffeinated beverages promoting platelet aggregation exist [34, 35].
Briggs et al. [10] suggested that the thiosulfinates, other organosulfur compounds and flavonoids found in onions act synergistically to inhibit platelet activity. In this study, after examining antiplatelet activity, raw and steamed onion extracts were assayed for total phenols by Folin-Ciocalteu reagent (FCR). The Folin-Ciocalteu antioxidant capacity assay allowed an examination of polyphenols without introducing the reducing capacity of organosulfur compounds into the assay [36]. Our results demonstrated that total polyphenolics remained at similar concentrations over cooking time. Other studies have revealed diminished antioxidant activity of onion after cooking [37, 38]. Agostini et al. [36] used the Trolox equivalent antioxidant capacity assay (TEAC) and found 0.223 equivalent uM Trolox in the raw onion and 0.146 equivalent uM Trolox in the boiled onion. TEAC is unspecific for polyphenols yet excellent linear correlations have been observed between TEAC and total phenolic profile using the FCR assay [36]. Differences in cooking method (steaming versus boiling) could be the source of inconsistency between the present study and previous work. Our hypothesis on why we detected no significant change in total polyphenolics is that steaming may have removed water, thus preserving the remaining polyphenols in a more concentrated form. Therefore, the constant polyphenolic concentration throughout the cooking process is plausible.
Discrepancies exist among cooking studies and quercetin content. In the present study, quercetin was not measured because it was not a primary objective of the study and total polyphenolic concentration was a greater interest than concentration of a specific polyphenol. Nevertheless, quercetin is the main polyphenolic compound found in onion; therefore many studies have measured quercetin loss during cooking. Data show that 150 mg and 300 mg quercetin-4'-O-beta-D-glucoside ingested orally in humans resulted in platelet inhibition 30 min and 120 min after ingestion [39]. Subjects given a diet containing onion slices three times a day (260-360 g/day) for one week resulted in an equivalent of 67.6-93.6 mg/day of quercetin ingestion and it's concentration in the plasma increased from 0.04 ± 0.04 uM before the trial to 0.63 ± 0.72 uM after the trial [40]. These studies suggest that onion quercetin conjugates are accumulated in the plasma and may provoke antiplatelet effects if ingested at a high enough dose.
The effect on quercetin content is probably contributed by many factors including, cultivar differences, sample preparations, processing techniques, and assessment techniques [41]. Lombard et al. found that baking quartered onions for 15 min in a pre-heated rotisserie oven at 176°C and sautéing sliced onions in sunflower oil for 5 min on an electric skillet at 93°C resulted in an increase of flavonols and quercetin conjugate contents. Twenty five percent and 7% gains of the two major glucosides (3,4'-Qdg + 4'-Qmg) were found after sautéing and baking, respectively. Additionally, the ratio of 3,4'-Qdg to 4'-Qmg conjugates decreased slightly during cooking compared to raw onions. This overall gain was attributed to concentrating the onion by removing water during cooking. Lombard et al. found an 18% decrease in the two conjugates in boiled onion compared to raw onion. Other studies examining boiling for 3–60 min have reported between 20%-75% losses of quercetin [41–46] and these losses were attributed to leaching of quercetin into the cooking water.
The present study suggests that the polyphenols, mainly quercetin conjugates, in onion juice may have little or no independent effect on platelet aggregation. In addition, onion juice may have to low a total polyphenolic content to contribute to an inhibitory effect. This may explain why platelet aggregation changed, even though no significant difference in total polyphenolic content was detected in raw and treated onions. Polyphenolics are in much higher total concentrations in other vegetables and fruits, and it is likely that the polyphenols from comparatively low polyphenolic onions are not the primary contributors to the inhibitory effect. For example, total phenolic concentration of broccoli and spinach were 80.76 ± 1.17 mg/100 g and 79.55 ± 8.39 mg/100 g [47], whereas the onions used in the present study were 47.8 ± 5.15 mg/100 g. Compared with fruits, vegetables typically have a lower total polyphenolic concentration. Cranberries, apples, red grape were analyzed and exhibited 507.0 ± 21.1 mg/100 g, 272.1 ± 6.2 mg/100 g, and 182.0 ± 2.6 mg/100 g phenolic concentrations, respectively [48]. It is possible that platelet inhibitory effects may be explained better by foods and/or beverages with a much greater antioxidant capacity than the onions used in the present study. Purple grape juice had three times the total polyphenolic concentration of orange and grapefruit juice and it had about three times greater effect on platelet inhibition [24]. More applicable to the present study, varietal differences in polyphenolic concentration exist among onions. An onion with a high value, such as, Western Yellow (104.9 ± 13.0 mg/100 g) was twice as high as the yellow onion used in this study. Polyphenols in Western Yellow could have a greater affect on antiplatelet activity more so than the onion used in the present study [49].
It is well established that organosulfur compounds in onions change dramatically with time and depend on processing method [50]. The chemistry of Allium-derived sulfur compounds is complex because many compounds are volatile, thermally unstable, condense or decompose to form other compounds, and under different conditions, different compounds are generated. Thiosulfinates, initial chemicals formed in freshly macerated tissues, undergo transformation and decomposition. Most flavor compounds are formed from the decomposition of thiosulfinates [50]. With regard to steaming, it has been shown that during steam distillation, oils are generated. During steam distillation, tissues are heated to 100°C and initially formed thiosulfinates are rapidly converted into their corresponding polysulfide. Block et al. found that heating pure diallyl disulfide for 10 minutes at 150°C resulted in the formation of greater than 30 sulfur components [51]. Lawson et al. found steam-distilled garlic cloves were only 35% as active in inhibiting platelets compared to aqueous garlic clove homogenates [52]. Differences in reductions in antiplatelet activity were noted between our study, which involved steaming, and other studies, which have involved boiling. It is possible that the generation of oils or polysulfides is partially responsible for this effect. Because of the unstable nature and difficulty characterizing sulfur composition in onion tissues, we were unable to provide data showing specific sulfur components found in our steamed and raw extracts. It would be of interest to determine whether platelet stimulatory fractions are present in raw onion and if their activity is countermanded by platelet inhibitory compounds in raw onion. Further analysis of sulfur components from domestically prepared onion tissues would be an important and useful measurement. More importantly, it would be useful to determine if the platelet stimulatory response is reflective of a loss of specific sulfur components, formation of different sulfur components, or is reflective of other facets related to cooking.
We sought to examine antiplatelet activity inducement of other vegetables in raw and cooked forms in a pilot study. We found that raw broccoli inhibited platelet activity in three out of the four human subjects (data not shown). Additionally, cooked broccoli did not inhibit platelet activity and became stimulatory after cooking beyond 6 min. This finding is interesting because the change from inhibitory to stimulatory may not be specific for onion, but may encompass other vegetables that are platelet inhibitors in raw form. Causes of this proaggregatory response are beyond the scope of our study, but remain of great interest to our laboratory.
Lastly, we examined soluble solids and found that they did not change significantly during the cooking process. In raw form, OIAA is correlated strongly with high pungency and high soluble solids [53]. In contrast, we found high soluble solids remained when the onion was cooked, yet OIAA changed. Since soluble solids mostly consist of carbohydrates and ASCOs make up a low percentage of total soluble solids, this finding was not surprising. However, cooking decreases pungency, therefore, OIAA and pungency may remain strongly correlated.
Robert Newton Ford (January 31, 1862 – June 8, 1892) was an American outlaw best known for killing his gang leader Jesse James in April 1882, to collect a reward and a promised amnesty for past crimes. For about a year, Ford and his older brother Charles performed paid re-enactments of the killing at publicity events. Later he drifted around the West, operating saloons and dance halls.
Ford was shot to death at the age of 30 in Creede, Colorado, by Edward Capehart O'Kelley, who attacked him in Ford's temporary tent saloon. Ford was first buried in Creede. His remains were later exhumed and reburied in the Richmond Cemetery in Richmond, Ray County, Missouri.
Early years [ edit ]
Robert Ford was born in 1862, in Ray County, Missouri. He was the youngest child of James Thomas Ford and his wife, the former Mary Bruin. As a young man, Robert became an admirer of Jesse James for his Civil War record and criminal exploits. In 1880, at the age of 18, he finally met James.
Ford's brother Charles is believed to have taken part in the James-Younger gang's Blue Cut train robbery[1] in Jackson County, west of Glendale, Missouri (renamed Selsa and now part of Independence), on September 7, 1881.[2][3]
Joining the gang [ edit ]
In November 1881, after the train robbery, James moved his family to St. Joseph, Missouri and intended to give up crime. The James gang had been greatly reduced in numbers by that time; some had fled the gang in fear of prosecution, and many of the original members were either dead or in prison after a botched bank robbery in Northfield, Minnesota. After the train robbery, James' brother Frank James had also decided to retire from crime and moved East, settling in Lynchburg, Virginia.[4]
By the spring of 1882, with his gang depleted by arrests, deaths, and defections, James thought that he could trust only the Ford brothers.[5] Charles had been out on raids with James before, but Bob was an eager new recruit. The Fords resided in St. Joseph with the James family, where Jesse went by the alias Thomas Howard.
Hoping to keep the gang alive, James invited the Fords to take part in the robbery of the Platte City Bank in Missouri, but the brothers had already decided not to participate; rather, they intended to collect the $10,000 bounty placed on James by Governor Thomas T. Crittenden. In January 1882, Bob Ford and gang member Dick Liddil had surrendered to Sheriff James Timberlake at their sister Martha Bolton's residence in Ray County. They were brought into a meeting with Crittenden, as they had been around the James' cousin Wood Hite the day Hite was murdered. Crittenden promised Ford a full pardon if he would kill James, who was by then the most wanted criminal in the USA.[6][page needed] Crittenden had made capturing the James brothers his top priority; in his inaugural address he declared that no political motives could be allowed to keep them from justice. Barred by law from offering a sufficiently large reward, he had turned to the railroad and express corporations to put up a $5,000 bounty for the delivery of each of them and an additional $5,000 for the conviction of either of them. [7]
Living with the James' family, the Fords became part of the daily routine, and James' wife cooked for them. They were nervous and bored, looking for opportunity, and feeling restless. The confession of Liddil to participating in Hite's murder made the news, and pressure began to build around James.[citation needed]
Killing Jesse James [ edit ]
[8] On April 3, 1882 Jesse James stepped up on a chair to dust a picture, and Robert Ford seized the opportunity and shot James in the back of the head.
Jesse James' home in St. Joseph, Missouri, where Ford assassinated James in 1882
On April 3, 1882, after eating breakfast, the Fords and James went into the living room before travelling to Platte City. By reading the daily newspaper, James had just learned of gang member Liddil's confession for participating in Hite's murder and grew increasingly suspicious of the Fords for never reporting this matter to him. According to Robert Ford, it became clear to him that James had realized they were there to betray him. However, instead of scolding the Fords, James walked across the living room to lay his revolvers on a sofa. He turned around and noticed a dusty picture above the mantel, and stood on a chair in order to clean it. Robert Ford drew his weapon and shot James in the back of the head.[9][10]
After the killing, the Fords wired Crittenden to claim their reward. They surrendered themselves to legal authorities but were dismayed to be charged with first degree murder. In one day, the Ford brothers were indicted, pleaded guilty, and sentenced to death by hanging, but two hours later Crittenden granted them a full pardon.[11]
Later years [ edit ]
Public opinion turned against the Fords for betraying their gang leader, and Bob was seen as a coward and traitor for killing James. This sentiment clashed with the general public opinion at the time of James' death that it had been time for James to be stopped by any means. For a period, Bob earned money by posing for photographs as "the man who killed Jesse James" in dime museums.[12] He also appeared on stage with his brother Charles, reenacting the murder in a touring stage show.
Charles, terminally ill with tuberculosis and addicted to morphine, committed suicide on May 4, 1884.[13] Soon afterward, Bob Ford and Dick Liddil relocated to Las Vegas, New Mexico, where they opened a saloon.[14] According to legend, Ford had a shooting contest with Jose Chavez y Chavez, a comrade-in-arms of Billy the Kid's during the Lincoln County War. Ford lost the contest and left town.[15]
On December 26, 1889, Ford survived an assassination attempt in Kansas City, Kansas when an assailant tried to slit his throat.[16] Within a few years, Ford settled in Colorado, where he opened a saloon-gambling house in Walsenberg. When silver was found in Creede, Ford closed his saloon and opened one there.[17]
On the eve of Easter 1892, Ford and gunman Joe Palmer, a member of the Soapy Smith gang, were drinking in the local saloons and then went outside and shot out windows and street lamps along Creede's Main Street.
Ford purchased a lot and on May 29, 1892 opened Ford's Exchange, said to have been a dance hall.[18] Six days later, the entire business district, including Ford's Exchange, burned to the ground in a major fire. Ford opened a tent saloon until he could rebuild.[citation needed]
Death [ edit ]
Three days after the fire, on June 8, 1892, Edward O'Kelley entered Ford's tent saloon with a shotgun. According to witnesses, Ford's back was turned. O'Kelley said, "Hello, Bob." As Ford turned to see who it was, O'Kelley fired both barrels, killing Ford instantly. O'Kelley hence became "the man who killed Robert Ford". O'Kelley's sentence was commuted because of a 7,000-signature petition in favor of his release and a medical condition, and he was released on October 3, 1902.[19][20][21] O'Kelley was subsequently killed on January 13, 1904 while trying to shoot a policeman.
Ford was buried in Creede. His remains were later moved and reinterred at Richmond Cemetery in his native Richmond in Ray County, Missouri; "The man who shot Jesse James" was inscribed on his grave marker.[22]
Cultural depictions [ edit ]
Films [ edit ]
The James and Ford brothers were popular subjects of Western films in the 1940s and 1950s:
Literature [ edit ]
Music [ edit ]
Radio [ edit ]
Sam Edwards portrayed Bob Ford in the CBS radio show Crime Classics episode, The Death of a Picture Hanger (July 20, 1953).[34]
Television series [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
My gifter told me they were going to be a bit late because my gift was hand made. That made me even more excited. Hand made items are ALWAYS the best!! When they sent the notification that my gift was sent and the tracking number I checked the tracking site every 15 minutes (because thats the trouble with tracking sites and boring jobs... you have nothing better to do than jump up and down in your seat going "oh boy oh boy!")
I was not disappointed! I received the box, that I didnt picture because there are addresses on it, and set it down in front of my daughter who said "WOW!" and suddenly became distressed that she couldnt open it because she isnt even 2 and hasnt figured out how to open most boxes. When I opened it for her we pulled out one large wrapped item labeled "YAY! Harry Potter Time! Yay!" and one smaller wrapped item. My gifter made a framed cross stitch quote of "I solemnly swear I am up to no good." and included a chocolate frog! While I was taking pictures I asked my husband to clean up the mess we made ripping open the box and he discovered that in my excitement I missed a 3rd little wrapped box labeled "For your trip to Hogwarts" I quickly opened it to find Every Flavored Beans!! My husband gave me just enough time to take a picture and explain they are jelly beans before he snatched them up and said "MINE!" I should be mad my husband yoinked my jelly beans but hes not much of a reader and also not much of a Harry Potter fan so Im just going to watch him eat them and wait for the surprise to hit.
Old Persian cuneiform is a semi-alphabetic cuneiform script that was the primary script for Old Persian. Texts written in this cuneiform have been found in Iran (Persepolis, Susa, Hamadan, Kharg Island), Armenia, Romania (Gherla), Turkey (Van Fortress), and along the Suez Canal.[4] They were mostly inscriptions from the time period of Darius I, such as the DNa inscription, as well as his son, Xerxes I. Later kings down to Artaxerxes III used more recent forms of the language classified as "pre-Middle Persian".[4]
History [ edit ]
Old Persian cuneiform is loosely inspired by the Sumero-Akkadian cuneiform; however, only one glyph is directly derived from it - l(a) (𐎾), from la (𒆷). (la did not occur in native Old Persian words, but was found in Akkadian borrowings.)
Scholars today mostly agree that the Old Persian script was invented by about 525 BC to provide monument inscriptions for the Achaemenid king Darius I, to be used at Behistun. While a few Old Persian texts seem to be inscribed during the reigns of Cyrus the Great (CMa, CMb, and CMc, all found at Pasargadae), the first Achaemenid emperor, or Arsames and Ariaramnes (AsH and AmH, both found at Hamadan), grandfather and great-grandfather of Darius I, all five, specially the later two, are generally agreed to have been later inscriptions.
Around the time period in which Old Persian was used, nearby languages included Elamite and Akkadian. One of the main differences between the writing systems of these languages is that Old Persian is a semi-alphabet while Elamite and Akkadian were syllabic. In addition, while Old Persian is written in a consistent semi-alphabetic system, Elamite and Akkadian used borrowings from other languages, creating mixed systems.
Decipherment [ edit ]
Much of the progress made in decipherment depended on the names of kings. Attempts at deciphering Old Persian cuneiform started in 1711 when some of Darius's inscriptions were published by Jean Chardin.[5] In 1802, Friedrich Münter realized that recurring groups of characters must be the word for “king”. Georg Friedrich Grotefend extended this work by realizing a king's name is often followed by “great king, king of kings” and the name of the king's father.[6]
Grotefend made a major breakthrough when he noticed that one of the kings' father was not a king. In Persian history around the time period the inscriptions were expected to be made, there were only two instances where a ruler came to power without being a previous king's son. They were Darius the Great and Cyrus the Great, both of whom became emperor by revolt. The deciding factors between these two choices were the names of their fathers and sons. Darius's father was Hystaspes and his son was Xerxes, while Cyrus' father was Cambyses I and his son was Cambyses II. Within the text, the father and son of the king had different groups of symbols for names so Grotefend assumed that the king must have been Darius. These connections allowed Grotefend to figure out the cuneiform characters that are part of Darius, Darius's father Hystaspes, and Darius's son Xerxes. Grotefend's contribution to Old Persian is unique in that he did not have comparisons between Old Persian and known languages, as opposed to the decipherment of the Egyptian hieroglyphics and the Rosetta Stone. All his decipherments were done by comparing the texts with known history.
More advances were made on Grotefend's work and by 1847, most of the symbols were correctly identified. Notable uses of Old Persian's decipherment include the decipherment of Elamite and Akkadian through the Behistun Inscription.
Signs [ edit ]
Most scholars consider the writing system to be an independent invention because it has no obvious connections with other writing systems at the time, such as Elamite, Akkadian, Hurrian, and Hittite cuneiforms.[7] While Old Persian's basic strokes are similar to those found in cuneiform scripts, Old Persian texts were engraved on hard materials, so the engravers had to make cuts that imitated the forms easily made on clay tablets.[5] The signs are composed of horizontal, vertical, and angled wedges. There are four basic components and new signs are created by adding wedges to these basic components.[8] These four basic components are two parallel wedges without angle, three parallel wedges without angle, one wedge without angle and an angled wedge, and two angled wedges.[8] The script is written from left to right.[9]
The script encodes three vowels, a, i, u, and twenty-two consonants, k, x, g, c, ç, j, t, θ, d, p, f, b, n, m, y, v, r, l, s, z, š, and h. Old Persian contains two sets of consonants: those whose shape depends on the following vowel and those whose shape is independent of the following vowel. The consonant symbols that depend on the following vowel act like the consonants in Devanagari. Vowel diacritics are added to these consonant symbols to change the inherent vowel or add length to the inherent vowel. However, the vowel symbols are usually still included so [di] would be written as [di] [i] even though [di] already implies the vowel.[10] For the consonants whose shape does not depend on the following vowels, the vowel signs must be used after the consonant symbol.[11]
Compared to the Avestan alphabet Old Persian notably lacks voiced fricatives, but includes the sign ç (of uncertain pronunciation) and a sign for the non-native l. Notably, in common with the Brahmic scripts, there appears to be no distinction between a consonant followed by an a and a consonant followed by nothing.
k- x- g- c- ç- j- t- θ- d- p- f- b- n- m- y- v- r- l- s- z- š- h- -(a) 𐎠 𐎣 𐎧 𐎥 𐎨 𐏂 𐎩 𐎫 𐎰 𐎭 𐎱 𐎳 𐎲 𐎴 𐎶 𐎹 𐎺 𐎼 𐎾 𐎿 𐏀 𐏁 𐏃 -i 𐎡 — — 𐎪 𐎮 𐎷 𐎻 -u 𐎢 𐎤 𐎦 — 𐎬 𐎯 𐎵 𐎸 — 𐎽
logograms: Auramazdā : 𐏈 , 𐏉 , 𐏊 (genitive) xšāyaθiya "king": 𐏋 dahyāuš- "country": 𐏌 , 𐏍 baga- "god": 𐏎 būmiš- "earth": 𐏏
word divider: 𐏐
numerals: [12] 1 𐏑 , 2 𐏒 , 5 𐏒𐏒𐏑 , 7 𐏒𐏒𐏒𐏑 , 8 𐏒𐏒𐏒𐏒 , 9 𐏒𐏒𐏒𐏒𐏑 10 𐏓 , 12 𐏓𐏒 , 13 𐏓𐏒𐏑 , 14 𐏓𐏒𐏒 , 15 𐏓𐏒𐏒𐏑 , 18 𐏓𐏒𐏒𐏒𐏒 , 19 𐏓𐏒𐏒𐏒𐏒𐏑 , 20 𐏔 , 22 𐏔𐏒 , 23 𐏔𐏒𐏑 , 25 𐏔𐏒𐏒𐏑 , 26 𐏔𐏒𐏒𐏒 , 27 𐏔𐏒𐏒𐏒𐏑 , 40 𐏔𐏔 , 60 𐏔𐏔𐏔 , 120 𐏕𐏔
Alphabetic properties [ edit ]
Although based on a logo-syllabic prototype, all vowels but short /a/ are written and so the system is essentially an alphabet. There are three vowels, long and short. Initially, no distinction is made for length: 𐎠 a or ā, 𐎡 i or ī, 𐎢 u or ū. However, as in the Brahmic scripts, short a is not written after a consonant: 𐏃 h or ha, 𐏃𐎠 hā, 𐏃𐎡 hi or hī, 𐏃𐎢 hu or hū. (Old Persian is not considered an abugida because vowels are represented as full letters.)
Thirteen out of twenty-two consonants, such as 𐏃 h(a), are invariant, regardless of the following vowel (that is, they are alphabetic), while only six have a distinct form for each consonant-vowel combination (that is, they are syllabic), and among these, only d and m occur in three forms for all three vowels: 𐎭 d or da, 𐎭𐎠 dā, 𐎮𐎡 di or dī, 𐎯𐎢 du or dū. (k, g do not occur before i, and j, v do not occur before u, so these consonants only have two forms each.)
Sometimes medial long vowels are written with a y or v, as in Semitic: 𐎮𐎡𐎹 dī, 𐎯𐎢𐎺 dū. Diphthongs are written by mismatching consonant and vowel: 𐎭𐎡 dai, or sometimes, in cases where the consonant does not differentiate between vowels, by writing the consonant and both vowel components: 𐎨𐎡𐏁𐎱𐎡𐏁 cišpaiš (gen. of name Cišpi- 'Teispes').
In addition, three consonants, t, n, and r, are partially syllabic, having the same form before a and i, and a distinct form only before u: 𐎴 n or na, 𐎴𐎠 nā, 𐎴𐎡 ni or nī, 𐎵𐎢 nu or nū.
The effect is not unlike the English [dʒ] sound, which is typically written g before i or e, but j before other vowels (gem, jam), or the Castilian Spanish [θ] sound, which is written c before i or e and z before other vowels (cinco, zapato): it is more accurate to say that some of the Old Persian consonants are written by different letters depending on the following vowel, rather than classifying the script as syllabic. This situation had its origin in Assyrian cuneiform, where several syllabic distinctions had been lost and were often clarified with explicit vowels. However, in the case of Assyrian, the vowel was not always used, and was never used where not needed, so the system remained (logo-)syllabic.
For a while it was speculated that the alphabet could have had its origin in such a system, with a leveling of consonant signs a millennium earlier producing something like the Ugaritic alphabet, but today it is generally accepted that the Semitic alphabet arose from Egyptian hieroglyphs, where vowel notation was not important. (See Proto-Sinaitic script.)
Unicode [ edit ]
Old Persian cuneiform was added to the Unicode Standard in March 2005 with the release of version 4.1.
The Unicode block for Old Persian cuneiform is U+103A0–U+103DF and is in the Supplementary Multilingual Plane:
Old Persian[1][2]
Official Unicode Consortium code chart (PDF) 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 A B C D E F U+103Ax 𐎠 𐎡 𐎢 𐎣 𐎤 𐎥 𐎦 𐎧 𐎨 𐎩 𐎪 𐎫 𐎬 𐎭 𐎮 𐎯 U+103Bx 𐎰 𐎱 𐎲 𐎳 𐎴 𐎵 𐎶 𐎷 𐎸 𐎹 𐎺 𐎻 𐎼 𐎽 𐎾 𐎿 U+103Cx 𐏀 𐏁 𐏂 𐏃 𐏈 𐏉 𐏊 𐏋 𐏌 𐏍 𐏎 𐏏 U+103Dx 𐏐 𐏑 𐏒 𐏓 𐏔 𐏕 Notes 1. ^ 2. ^
Notes and references [ edit ]
a b Kent, R. G.: "Old Persian: Grammar Texts Lexicon", page 6. American Oriental Society, 1950. a b Kent, R. G.: "Old Persian: Grammar Texts Lexicon", page 9. American Oriental Society, 1950. ^ Kent, R. G.: "Old Persian: Grammar Texts Lexicon", page 10. American Oriental Society, 1950. ^ Windfuhr, G. L.: "Notes on the old Persian signs", page 1. Indo-Iranian Journal, 1970. a b Windfuhr, G. L.: "Notes on the old Persian signs", page 2. Indo-Iranian Journal, 1970. ^ Daniels, Peter T.: "The World's Writing Systems", page 134. Oxford University Press, 1996 ^ Daniels, Peter T.: "The World's Writing Systems", page 136. Oxford University Press, 1996 ^ Daniels, Peter T.: "The World's Writing Systems", page 135. Oxford University Press, 1996 ^ Kent, Ronald Grubb. Old Persian: Grammar, Text, Glossary (in Persian). translated into Persian by S. Oryan (1384 AP ed.). Tihrān: Pizhūhishkadah-i Zabān va Gūyish bā hamkārī-i Idārah-i Kull-i Umūr-i Farhangī. pp. 699–700. ISBN 964-421-045-X. Unattested numbers are not listed. The list of attested numbers is based on
Windfuhr, Gernot L (1970). "Notes on the old Persian signs". Indo-Iranian Journal (12): 121–125. hdl:2027.42/42943.
Daniels, Peter T; William Bright (1996). The World's Writing Systems . New York: Oxford University Press. pp. 134–137.
Kent, Roland G. (1950). Old Persian; grammar, texts, lexicon. New Haven: American Oriental Society.
Sources [ edit ]
Kuhrt, A. (2013). The Persian Empire: A Corpus of Sources from the Achaemenid Period . Routledge. ISBN 978-1136016943.
Frye, Richard Nelson (1984). Handbuch der Altertumswissenschaft: Alter Orient-Griechische Geschichte-Römische Geschichte. Band III,7: The History of Ancient Iran . C.H.Beck. ISBN 978-3406093975.
Schmitt, Rüdiger (2000). The Old Persian Inscriptions of Naqsh-i Rustam and Persepolis. Corpus Inscriptionum Iranicarum by School of Oriental and African Studies. ISBN 978-0728603141.
Further reading [ edit ]
Fonts [ edit ]
Texts [ edit ]
We all go through life a little clueless. Sometimes we don't learn things about ourselves until they're brought to our attention. For example, what if you're the loud guy at the party. But you're really not aware of it until a few friends bring it up over dinner. You're shocked, embarrassed but now aware and can remedy the situation.Now imagine your a Zombie. It's an awkward social dilemma, in most part because your friends are less likely to bring it up. Probably for fear of your reaction and the chance they would be eaten. So how do you know if you're a zombie? Here are 10 signs you could be the walking dead– Think back, did anything drastic happen to you lately? Car crash? brutal attack? Bite from someone who may or may not have been dead? If so, and you're still walking around then you could be a zombie.– Deodorants and expensive soaps just not cutting it? Do you find that you're putting on extra perfumes or colognes to keep from offending others? There really is nothing strong enough to battle the stench of decaying flesh. If this is the case you could be a zombie.– Having problems on the treadmill? Find yourself doing a 30 minute mile? Is it even hard to keep up with the elderly people on the sidewalks? This could be caused by the deterioration of leg muscle and hardening of tissues. This could be the reason for your shambling gait. If you're unable to chase down even the smallest of children, you could be a zombie.– Do you exhibit signs of physical decomposition such as rotting flesh, discolored eyes, open wounds, exposed bone, green skin, or loss of hair? If you're experiencing any of these symptoms please consult your mortician. You could be a zombie.– Conversations getting more and more difficult? Do you find sentences being reduced to one or two words? Is it easier to grunt or moan rather than express your true feelings? If so, you could be a zombie.– Instead of being nuzzled up in bed, do you find yourself walking the streets all hours of the night? If it's 3 am and you'd rather be causing terror in a park than catching 40 winks, you could be a zombie.– Do you suddenly catch yourself cheering for the ‘other guys' when watching Night of the Living Dead? You could be a zombie.– Are villagers having a hard time killing you? Can you only be destroyed after having your head removed? You could be a zombie.s – Have you been wearing the same clothes for weeks or maybe months at a time? Think about it for a second, was this the outfit you wanted to be buried in? Are they now just a shredded mess of fabric hanging off your rotting bones? If so, you could be a zombie.– Find your diet has changed? Is gray matter the first thing you look for on a menu? There is no doubt about it, you're a zombie.
We've heard of baseball players who are near-scratch golfers and many more who dabble on off days, but this is a new one: Boston Red Sox outfielder Mookie Betts is a talented bowler and recently accepted the Professional Bowling Tour's invitation to compete in its World Series of Bowling, which began Tuesday.
The 23-year-old outfielder, who posted a solid 6.0 WAR and slashed .291/.341/479 on the diamond in 2015, debuted at the lanes with an impressive 224 game.
The Boston Herald reports that Betts played nine games on Tuesday, posting a low of 140 and a 249 top score with a 196 average. That ranked him 212 out of the 244 bowlers who completed their initial nine games Tuesday.
Article continues below ...
Only the top 24 will advance to the next round, but Betts has more chances throughout the week to get there and appear on ESPN in his bowling shoes with the finalists.
Betts toes the line again Wednesday.
Twenty-four-year-old Bharat Maurya from Nalasopara displayed exemplary bravery on January 11 when he dived into a 15-foot-deep water tank to save a four-year-old boy from drowning at an under-construction site. The inquisitive child had slipped into the tank after he went too close to its edge.
The incident happened at Darshana Apartments on the Nalasopara-Vasai Link Road. The complex has two towers of which one is complete. The boy, Mohit Mhatre, and his family are residents of the first tower.
Mohit's mother Yogita said they have to pass through the under-construction tower to reach their place. On Saturday, the two were returning after buying groceries Yogita got the shock of her life. “I was holding Mohit's hand and going upstairs. But he broke free and ran towards the tank. Before I could react, had fallen inside.”
Yogita said she began screaming for help. “My son was drowning in front of my eyes. That's when Bharat jumped into the tank and brought him to safety.”
Bharat, an electrical contractor, said he had just finished giving instructions to his workers and was climbing down. “I had reached the ground floor when I heard the screams. Without thinking, I jumped inside and caught the boy by his neck.”
Yogita was all in praises for Bharat as tears of joy rolled down her cheeks. She said, “Had he not been there at the time, I don't know what would have happened. God has given Mohit a new life and I won't let him go downstairs.”
FOXBORO, Mass. — Brandon LaFell hit the road with the New England Patriots on their last two away games despite still being on the PUP list.
The Patriots wide receiver ran sprints prior to the team's matchups with the Dallas Cowboys and Indianapolis Colts, and then stood on the sideline instilling some knowledge in New England's less-experienced players.
Patriots head coach Bill Belichick explained Wednesday at Gillette Stadium why LaFell has been traveling with the team despite being inactive.
“I would say in Brandon's case, he's a player that I think at some point will be back on the roster,” Belichick said. “We'll see exactly when that is, I'm not sure. The fact that he wasn't with us in preseason, and as it's moving in that direction, I think being there on game day, going through the whole preparation — the Saturday night, game day and so forth — that gets a player in a more comfortable mode when he actually does that.
“The things he can talk to other players about, particularly a younger player like (fellow wide receiver) Keshawn Martin, who hasn't been in our system for very long, to see things during the game that might help him out, I think it helps him, and it helps the player that he's trying to instruct.”
LaFell, who was placed on the PUP list before the season with a foot injury after failing to participate in training camp, is eligible to practice this week and play Sunday against the New York Jets. He returned to practice Wednesday, meaning the Patriots now have 21 days to add him to the active roster.
LaFell caught 74 passes for 953 yards and seven touchdowns in 16 games and 13 starts for the Patriots last season. He added 13 receptions for 119 yards and two touchdowns in three postseason games.
Martin, who was acquired from the Houston Texans in a trade last month, has served as the Patriots' “X” receiver for the last two games, passing Aaron Dobson on the depth chart. Julian Edelman mostly plays the “Z” role, while Danny Amendola lines up in the slot.
LaFell likely will take over the “X” spot upon his return, pushing Martin to fourth in the pecking order and Dobson potentially off the roster.
Thumbnail photo via Greg M. Cooper/USA TODAY Sports Images
Thumbnail photo via Feb 4, 2015; Boston, MA, USA; New England Patriots wide receiver Brandon LaFell (19) greets the crowd after the first quarter of the game between the Boston Celtics and the Denver Nuggets at TD Garden. Mandatory Credit: Greg M. Cooper-USA TODAY Sports
A Star Trek podcast by two guys who are a bit embarrassed to have a Star Trek podcast. After reviewing all of Star Trek: The Next Generation, we're reviewing Star Trek: Deep Space Nine from beginning to end! New episodes on Mondays. Also check out The Greatest Discovery!
When a non-OEM part installed during their last starbase visit leaves the Enterprise by the side of the road, the crew looks for someone to blame. But when the crew's investigation moves a patsy into their crosshairs, it turns out that he's guilty of something totally unrelated. Is an elephant's foot the most unlucky foot? When is it appropriate to show your ass in court? Do you have to pay extra for dialogue? It's the episode that's all ends, and no means.
By the time Rick Sanchez, now a former CNN anchor, made his remarks about Jews controlling the media, there was a well-established process for how to deal with these types of situations. Within 24 hours, he was summarily fired, with a curt thank-you for his service to the network.
Call it crisis management on steroids. Sanchez's firing on October 1 is the latest in a string of incidents in which prominent journalists have been dismissed in the blink of an eye for off-the-cuff remarks that have been perceived as hostile toward Jews.
Before Sanchez there was Octavia Nasr, CNN's senior editor of Middle East affairs, who was sacked in June for publicly praising — via Twitter — a Muslim cleric associated with Hezbollah. And before her there was Helen Thomas, the 90-year-old veteran White House correspondent who lost her job this past summer when she said that Israelis should “get the hell out of Palestine” and go back to Poland and Germany. In her case, she quit, but there was little chance of her staying on in her job after the uproar began.
There have always been journalists who have undermined the appearance of objectivity and therefore hastened the end of their careers. And there is no shortage of public figures who have stuck their foot in their mouth.
What distinguishes these recent incidents is the speed with which the ax was wielded and the problem that was solved by the firing.
Sanchez made his remarks about Jews while he was criticizing comedian Jon Stewart, who is Jewish and has frequently mocked Sanchez on his TV program, “The Daily Show With Jon Stewart.” Sanchez called Stewart a “bigot.” He laughed at the notion that Jews were “an oppressed minority” and went on to say that “everybody who runs CNN is a lot like Stewart, and a lot of people who run all the other networks are a lot like Stewart.” By the next afternoon, Sanchez was no longer an anchor with CNN.
Though the comments by Thomas, Nasr and Sanchez each have their own particularities and degrees of offensiveness, they all were perceived to be slighting Jews. And at first glance, one can imagine that the rapidity with which the three were dismissed might have to do with our culture's changing sensitivity toward anti-Semitism. But even Abraham Foxman, head of the Anti-Defamation League — the organization that sees itself as responsible for keeping tabs on this particular sensitivity — doesn't think the speed is indicative of any new kind of vigilance or awareness.
“It's more a function of the communications revolution than the result of a different conscience,” Foxman said. “I think the values are still the same, the standards are still the same. How you implement them, how you deal with them in terms of crisis management has changed, because it's much more difficult to make things go away or control them.”
Other media critics backed up Foxman's point. The Internet and 24-hour cable news has changed the way information is disseminated. Ten or 15 years ago, the media used to act as a filter, parsing out news and placing it in a certain context. A story about a controversial comment like the one uttered by Sanchez would have been reported out. The offended parties would have had their say. Sanchez could defend himself, and his bosses might make a point, as well. By the time it reached the news consumer, the incident would arrive as a “packaged debate,” said Clint Hendler, a staff writer at the Columbia Journalism Review.
“What's changed is the speed with which everyone can see the raw remark, the actual, controversial comment,” Hendler said. “With Helen Thomas, we had it on YouTube. With Nasr, she Tweeted it and people re-Tweeted it. It was instantly available to everybody. And with Sanchez, this audio clip was online right away. I listened to it before I read a newspaper story that described it. It comes at you completely unmediated.”
As a result, Hendler and others said, media executives know that a protest can build very quickly and create real challenges. So they choose to act, and fast. Rather than try to weather a crisis or even defend comments that potentially could be explained away — Nasr, for example, did have a reason for her kind words about the cleric whom she was happy to defend — the safest choice is to throw the offender overboard.
And this is not just the case with anti-Semitic comments. Lately, there have been other incidents involving race, with similarly speedy denouements. Laura Schlessinger, who had a popular radio show offering advice, was chased off the air in August after she used a racial epithet and made offensive comments about black people. And in an episode that illustrated the drawbacks of responding so reflexively to a perceived controversy, Shirley Sherrod, an employee at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, was forced to resign from her job in July, shortly after a video surfaced in which she seemed to be expressing racism against whites. The full video in fact showed her to make remarks that were the exact opposite of what she was accused of saying. The White House apologized profusely.
But though it certainly seems to be the case that technology has made it easier for these incidents to become explosive very quickly, those making the decision to immediately fire an employee are responding to what they imagine being an engaged community that will loudly protest any offense.
In this sense, perhaps, Jews have done more than other groups to make it clear that they will not suffer lightly the public slights like those made by Sanchez — let alone by those with even bigger mouths, like Mel Gibson.
As Foxman put it, “We are a community that is sensitive, and — have no doubt — we'll respond.”
Contact Gal Beckerman at beckerman@forward.com.
This story "Rick Sanchez Latest To Be Immediately Fired After Comments Hostile to Jews" was written by Gal Beckerman.
Andy has been writing for UK Anime since 2006, and was the site's editor-in-chief until August 2017. Contrary to popular belief, Andy is not actually a robot.
Hot on the heels of Yen Press' recent license announcements, yesterday saw another manga publisher unveiling some new acqusitions of their own, as Vertical to the stage at US convention Katsucon to lift the lid on a trio of licenses.
First up we have the manga adaptation of Makoto Shinkai's The Garden of Words, with Midori Motohashi bringing this love story to the manga format as a single volume release.
Then we have the original source material of a currently airing anime adaptation in the form of Witch Craft Works, the story of an ordinary boy who is anything but as he finds himself under the protection of his school's most popular girl who has a secret identity as a powerful witch.
Finally, the company have also snagged the license to seinen manga Ajin, the story of a student who discovers that he is an immortal "Ajin" of the series title, which in turn makes him a wanted man.
All three of these series are currently slated to debut in English this autumn. Are you looking forwrad to any of these releases? Let us know in the comments!
[Last updated on November 29, 2016, at 6 p.m., to include a statement from the Marion County Public Schools system.]
Ocala, Florida — An Osceola Middle School student said she was targeted Monday by two men as she waited for her mother to pick her up after school.
Ocala police said the girl was sitting at the northwest corner of 520 Southeast Sanchez Avenue waiting for her mother.
The girl said that she waits for her mother at the location every day and that, there are usually other students with her. However, she was alone on Monday.
According to reports, at approximately 2:15 p.m., a silver four-door car was driving south on Southeast Sanchez and stopped at the stop sign.
Police said the driver, a white male with blonde hair and a short beard, who was also wearing square-rimmed reading glasses, began to stare at the student.
The girl told police that the man asked her if she was bored; to which she replied, “No”.
The man then asked her if she needed a ride.
The girl replied, “No, I am waiting for my mom.”
The girl told police that after she told him “no” the second time, he just kept staring at her.
The report states that the girl told the man, “You can leave now.”
The man then replied, “Get in the Car.”
The girl then got up and began to walk southbound on the western sidewalk of Southwest Sanchez Avenue.
She then stated to the driver, “I am calling my mom.”
The man then turned east on Southeast 6th Street and circled back around.
According to reports, the man pulled up behind the girl and began to follow her while talking on his cell phone.
When the girl reached Southeast 8th Street on Sanchez Avenue, she saw a blue four-door vehicle traveling eastbound on Southwest 8th Street.
She said the second vehicle abruptly pulled in front of her and cut her off.
The girl told police that the driver, a white male, was also on his cell phone.
Moments later, the man in the silver car exited his vehicle and began chasing the girl as she ran away. She said the man in the blue car stayed in his vehicle.
According to police, the girl ran westbound on Southeast 8th Street towards Eighth Street Elementary.
The girl said that when she arrived at the school, the man disappeared.
She told police that she then walked back to Osceola Middle School, where she called her mother.
Police canvassed the area, but did not locate any suspects. Police also questioned residents to see if anyone had witnessed the incident, but were met with negative results.
Police said the silver vehicle might have a pink license plate border around the tag.
Marion County Public Schools Public Information Officer, Kevin Christian, stated the following in an e-mail to Ocala Post:
Ocala Police are aware of the incident which happened a few blocks away from the Osceola Middle School campus. Principal Suzette Parker sent a Skylert (automated) phone, email & text message to all parents giving them a heads-up and encouraging them to talk with their children. We obviously want parents to be cautious of this incident and hope they will urge their kids not to interact at all with strangers. The safest place for students to wait after school is on campus where supervision is provided. Parents can use the well-established car line to remain in a safe position to pick up their kids.
The following is the e-mail that was sent from the school to parents:
Article continued below
Following the incident, many parents expressed their concern with how the situation was explained to them.
Ashley Boutwell wrote, “Why is this story changing so much from what the school reported to the parents yesterday?? I think we are entitled to know the details up front.”
OPD told Ocala Post that they have increased surveillance in the area where the incident occurred.
The investigation is ongoing.
If you have any information, please call the Ocala Police Department at 352-369-7000, Crime Stoppers at 368-STOP, or text 274637 using keyword 368-STOP. Tipsters can also visit www.ocalacrimestoppers.com. Anonymity is guaranteed.
Former Congressman Barney Frank doesn't care that al-Qaeda attacked him in the latest issue of their Inspire magazine, which al-Qaeda publishes intermittently to inspire terrorist attacks in Western nations.
In fact, Frank said he finds it "ironic," comparing al-Qaeda's opposition to his marriage to a man to opposition he said he received from the American right wing.
"I thought there was an irony there," Frank told BuzzFeed when reached by phone Wednesday night. "It sounded like what the tea party said when I got married."
Frank married his partner of seven years, Jim Ready, last year in a ceremony in Newton, Massachusetts, that was officiated by Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick. Newton was part of the district Frank represented as a congressman for more than 30 years. In 1987, Frank became the second member of Congress to say he was gay.
"I wonder how the right wing in America feels about being aligned with al-Qaeda," Frank continued. He later said, "There is an irony that the most active anti-gay [groups] are al-Qaeda and the American right-wing."
Frank noted that Islamic fundamentalism was very anti-gay as whole.
"Islamic fundamentalism is very anti-gay," he said. "Saudi Arabia is a very anti-gay place, al-Qaeda carries it to the violent extreme."
Light shimmers off the glass on the 19th floor of the Shirley Ryan Ability Lab. A patient in a harness walks up the grand staircase with a slow, but unfaltering pace while a physical therapist monitors progress. It's a new way of rehabilitation that proves recovery is truly one step at a time.
Taking a concept regularly used in the entertainment industry, Chicago Flyhouse designed a three-dimensional flying system bringing the above scenario to reality.
In past methods, patient recovery took place in environments more likened to a gym atmosphere. The patient would get on a treadmill or a stationary bike to mimic real-life scenarios. The Ability Lab looked to Flyhouse to break free from the typical and understand the true needs of a patient.
The two key elements of the design process were creating an environment where patients comfortably recovered without impugning the overall aesthetics of the room and taking the machine feel out of a system.
The Strength and Endurance Lab integrates multiple stations where patients are asked to complete a different series of tasks whether it be maneuvering through an obstacle course or climbing a staircase.
Flyhouse designed a custom track that goes from the ground level to the landing of a staircase. It is there a patient transfer to the three-dimensional rig connected to Flyhouse's system that follows the patient up and down the stairs. The physical therapist regulates the rate of speed with an ergonomically designed handheld wireless controller while another can monitor on a control panel located at the bottom of the stairs. If a patient were to lose balance, they instantly would hover securely in place in their harness.
Integrated over three floors of the Ability Lab, the system is noticeable only by the four-points connecting from the ceiling to the spreader bar above the harness. The four motors used to operate are hidden and noiseless. In essence, Flyhouse took the machine out of it like promised.
By adapting a unique solution from Flyhouse's specialty to better solve another problem, thousands of patients each year are beginning to forge a path to recovery in an environment befitting to them.
Click here to watch this video on the AbilityLab Harness System on YouTube
MSI has new options for anyone who is planning to build a small form factor system around Ryzen. One of them is the A320M Grenade. Like the other four that we'll get to in a moment, this is a micro-ATX motherboard featuring AMD's new AM4 socket.
According to TechPowerUp, the A320M Grenade is a fairly basic motherboard with a simple 5-phase VRM design. It has two DDR4 DIMM slots, a single PCI-Express 3.0 x16 slot, and two PCI-Express 2.0 x1 slots for expansion cards.
On the storage side of things, the board comes with four SATA 6Gbps ports (two of which are wired to the SoC) and a 32Gbps M.2 slot. It also has four USB 3.0 ports, a GbE LAN port, and 6-channel HD audio.
Pricing is expected to be around $75 for this one, though that is not an official MSRP.
This is just one of five new mATX motherboards based on AMD's A320-chipset. Guru3D obtained a few basic details on the other four boards, including MSI's A320M Gaming Pro, A320M Bazooka, A320M Pro VD, and A320M Pro VD/S.
The A320M Gaming Pro is part of MSI's Performance Gaming line and features the most bling. It has a red and black color scheme, heavy duty heatsinks, and red LED lighting.
Beyond the aesthetics, the A320M Gaming Pro has a Turbo M.2 slot, USB 3.1 connectivity, "and much more."
Like the A320M Grendade, the Bazooka is inspired by the military tank armor concept. From what we can tell by looking at the press photos, it has four DDR4 DIMM slots instead of two. It also has a MOSFET heatsink and white LED lighting.
Finally, the A320M Pro-VD and VD/S both look like entry-level options. Neither one appears to feature any LED lighting or beefy heatsinks. Each one offers up a single PCI-Express x16 slot and two PCI-Express x1 slots.
Official pricing and availability is not yet available on any of these motherboards.
In my last blog post I described how the TIGER / MATE programs classified battles (in computer science terms ‘objects') based on attributes and that anchored or unanchored flanks was one such attribute. After demonstrating the algorithm for calculating the presence or absence of anchored flanks we saw how the envelopment and turning tactical maneuvers were implemented. In this blog post we will look at another attribute: restricted avenues of attack and restricted avenues of retreat.
One classic example of a restricted avenue of retreat was the narrow stone bridge crossing Cub Run Creek which was the only eastern exit from the First Bull Run battlefield. The entire Union army would have to pass over this bridge as it fell back on Washington, D.C. When artillery fire caused a wagon to overturn and block the bridge, panic ensued.
Burnside's Bridge at the battle of Antietam is a famous example of a restricted avenue of attack. Burnside was unaware that Snavely Ford was only 1.4 miles south of the stone bridge and allowed a back door into the Confederate position. Consequently, he continued to throw his corps across the bridge with disastrous results.
How to determine if there is a restricted line of attack or a restricted line of retreat on a battlefield
From the perspective of computer science restricted avenues of retreat and restricted avenues of attack are basically the same problem and can be solved with a similar algorithm.
As before we must first establish that there is agreement among Subject-Matter Experts (SMEs) of the existence of – and the ability to quantify – the attributes of ‘Avenue of Attack', ‘Avenue of Retreat' and ‘Choke Point'.
The following slides are from an unclassified briefing that I gave to DARPA (the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency) on my MATE program (funded by DARPA research grant W911NF-11-200024):
All slides can be enlarged by clicking on them.
Now that we have determined if there is a restricted avenue of attack the next blog post will discuss what to do with this information; specifically the implementation of the infiltration and penetration offensive maneuvers.
As always, if you have any questions please feel free to email me.
References:
TIGER: An Unsupervised Machine Learning Tactical Inference Generator, Sidran, D. E. Download here.
Here's a great story we'd like to pass along … as our global community has grown, we've heard about more and more “Orphan Burns”, where Burners who can't make it to the playa for Burning Man get together to celebrate on Burn night.
And while we'd rather use a term like “Alterna-Burn”, since “Orphan Burn” implies one is without family, which clearly isn't the case here, to each their own! It's quite possible that down the line, as this phenomenon grows, this natural extension of Burning Man will simply be called “The [insert your locale here] Burn”. Time will tell. Stevil of the Border Burners writes:
“Representing one of the world's smallest communities of Burners, the Border Burners from El Paso, TX, Las Cruces, NM, and Juarez Mexico, held their first “Orphan Burn” on Saturday, September 3, 2011; while over 1200 miles away, The Man was burning in Black Rock City. While not a sanctioned/official Burning Man event, it was a time for the few Burners from this area to get together and keep the Burning Man flame lit, even though we couldn't make it to the Playa this summer.
Representing the far other end of the statistics spectrum, there were about 20 people in attendance … 6 of whom had been Burning Man before. Our effigy was built out of scrap lumber on the day of the Burn by Border Burners Gordon Howell and Fernie Fernandez.
In general, the Border Burners try to keep our tiny community of a handful of Burners (and Burners at heart) connected while we're waiting for the next Man to burn on the playa. We have a monthly poi/fire arts workshop in Las Cruces, NM. We have a few slide shows and documentary screenings throughout the year. We are starting to have a presence at many local civic art events, and have an active announce list with over 300 subscribers. We also try to establish a Border Burner's presence when on the playa (semi-famous for our tamales); and we usually have a small group who attend the local regional Burns closer to home, such as Saguaro Man and the Arizona Decompression.
For any more information about the Border Burners, please contact Stevil at : elpaso@burningman.com”
Border Burners 2011 Orphan Burn from Tortilla Productions on Vimeo.
Feature photo courtesy of Maryland Athletics.
By: Connor Mount, Austin Kleber and Jake Brodsky
Suspended Maryland football players Lorenzo Harrison and DJ Turner were charged in the on-campus airsoft gun incident, according to documents obtained from Prince George's County Court in Upper Marlboro, Maryland.
According to the statement of charges acquired from the state's attorney's office in Prince George's County, Harrison and Turner were each charged with three counts of second-degree assault, three counts of reckless endangerment and one count of threatening bodily harm to a student on school property.
Turner picked up Harrison and a third player, Antoine Brooks, from study hall, the documents said. With Turner driving and Brooks sitting in the back seat, Harrison pulled out an airsoft gun from his backpack while sitting in the passenger seat. The vehicle was a dark-colored Hyundai Sonata, which is registered to Turner's mother, the documents said.
The documents said Brooks told police that once the trio was inside the car, Harrison pulled out a BB gun resembling an “AK-47.” Police later determined that the weapons were actually airsoft guns.
“[Brooks] said that they were driving around and that Harrison was shooting at people on his side of the vehicles [sic] and that Turner was ‘test' shooting it out the driver side of the vehicle,” the statement of charges said. “When asked what he meant by ‘test' shooting, he said he would go from semi-automatic to automatic to see how it worked.”
After multiple calls, Harrison's attorney, Melissa A. Miller, could not be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon. Turner's attorney, John M. McKenna, also could not be reached before publication.
Brooks told police that he was not a shooter, which Harrison corroborated. Harrison, who admitted both airsoft guns were his, also named himself and Turner as the shooters to the police.
Harrison turned in the two AK-47 style airsoft guns, as well as six containers of BB's, to police on Nov. 9.
Turner contradicted both players' statements. According to the statement of charges, he told police he was the driver and Harrison and Brooks were the shooters.
Brooks said the only time he had an airsoft gun in his possession was when they were arriving back at their apartment, the statement of charges said. He told police he did not shoot anyone.
The team said Brooks' suspension has been lifted because he was not charged. He is expected to be available for Saturday's game against Nebraska if head coach DJ Durkin decides to play him.
The police report stated that the first victim was shot in the arm and the body while he was biking. The victim reported slight bruising on his elbow to police.
“[Harrison] said that they continued driving down Stadium Drive and turned onto Paint Branch Drive when they saw an individual on a bicycle,” the statement of charges said. “Harrison stated that he had the BB gun and shot at the person riding on the bicycle. He said that Turner then took the gun and shot at some people walking in the area of Paint Branch Drive and Technology Drive.”
Shortly after, a witness walking near Ellicott Hall on Stadium Drive reported hearing someone yell, “Hey,” from the car. She turned around and heard what she believed were several shots fired in her direction, the police report said.
While the witness was not hit, the friend she was walking with was struck in the right cheek. The police report said red and white BB's recovered from one of the guns matched BB's found in the victim's sweatshirt when he took it off.
A third victim was shot near Paint Branch Drive and Technology Drive. He and a friend heard what sounded like BB gun shots, and the victim felt something hard hit his elbow, though he was wearing a jacket. The two didn't see anything but heard a car pass.
The Left Bench previously reported there were five charges of first-degree assault filed against both Harrison and Turner. Online court records showed these charges were dropped on Nov. 15.
John Erzen, the communications director for the Office of the State's Attorney, said the Prince George's County commissioner overseeing the case bumped up the second-degree assault charges to first-degree charges without proper evidence.
“They should not have been charged with first-degree assault because there was—from our office's review of the evidence—nothing to support those charges,” Erzen said. “So, what we did is we dropped all of those charges and then University of Maryland police refiled with second-degree assault and reckless endangerment because that's really what—based on the evidence we've seen to this point—we believe we have here.”
The number of second-degree assault and reckless endangerment charges was also reduced from five counts each to three each, one per victim. This was also based on the evidence presented.
“Why it was five [charges] the first time, I don't know,” Erzen said.
Harrison and Turner were both charged with one count of threatening bodily harm to a student who was lawfully on the grounds of a higher education institution.
“We are aware of the situation and take these matters very seriously,” the Maryland Athletic Department said in a statement Wednesday. “The two student-athletes involved have been suspended indefinitely for violating the student-athlete code of conduct. This matter has also been referred to the Office of Student Conduct for further review.”
The next step is to issue the freshmen with a summons for a court date, which will happen in the near future, Erzen said. He said he feels the new charges are appropriate based on the evidence presented.
A court date has not yet been issued for the players.
Alex Flum, Danielle Stein, Jarred Belman, Justin Meyer, Lamar Johnson and Michael Stern contributed to this report.
The Irish rugby team is to break new ground by playing New Zealand in Chicago next November, with a return fixture against the back-to-back World Cup champions to be held in the Aviva Stadium later in that same autumnal window.
The Irish Times have learned that Ireland will meet the All Blacks in Soldier Field, Chicago, on Saturday, November 5th, before hosting a Tier 2 country a week later at the Aviva Stadium. They will then play New Zealand again on November 19th as a prelude to rounding off a busy November window and year with a game against the World Cup finalists Australia on the 26th.
Soldier Field, which is home to the Chicago Bears American football teams, hosted its first international rugby union test match when the All Blacks beat the United States 74-6 in November 2014. The match was a 61,500 sell-out, and although only 23,112 attended Australia's 47-10 win over the USA Eagles in a World Cup warm-up match last September, it will be a surprise if the combined popularity of both Ireland and the All Blacks did not ensure a sell-out for their meeting next November.
The World Cup highlighted the willingness of Irish supporters to travel long and far to support their country and the IRFU will thus be tapping into the Irish diaspora for a first ever meeting with the All Blacks in America.
These high profile tests are also in keeping with Joe Schmidt's desire to face the world's leading teams more regularly, and in addition to the Six Nations, adds to a three-test tour of South Africa next June in Cape Town, Johannesburg and Port Elizabeth. Six clashes with teams from the Rugby Championship in one calendar year is unprecedented and emulates the six games Argentina, Ireland's World Cup quarter-final conquerors, will have against the same opponents in 2016.
Ireland have never beaten New Zealand in 28 attempts, dating back to 1905, and never came closer than in the countries' most recent test at the Aviva Stadium in November 2013, when the All Blacks won 24-22 thanks to a try in over time by Ryan Crotty and a twice taken conversion by Aaron Cruden. They are now set to have two cracks off the World champions next year.
Ireland's November 2016 schedule
Saturday 5th: Ireland v New Zealand, Soldier Field, Chicago.
Saturday 12th: Ireland v Tier 2 team, Aviva Stadium.
Saturday 19th: Ireland v New Zealand, Aviva Stadium.
Saturday 26th: Ireland v Australia, Aviva Stadium.
The Associated Press
KABUL - In a message to the nation on a major Muslim holiday, the Afghan president said Friday that negotiations with the Taliban are the only way to "end the bloodshed" and bring peace to the country.
But even as Ashraf Ghani spoke, a bomb ripped through a mosque compound in northern Balkh province after prayers for the Eid al-Fitr holiday, which follows the fasting month of Ramadan.
Sarajuddin Abid, the district governor of Sholgara where the explosion happened, said first reports indicate one person was killed and 10 were wounded in the blast.
No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack.
Ghani, who spoke at the presidential palace in the capital, Kabul, has made peace talks with the Taliban a priority for since he was elected president last year. This was his first Eid message to the nation.
"The negotiations are the solution, the way and this is what our nation wants, to end the bloodshed," Ghani said.
He also thanked Mullah Mohammad Omar, the reclusive Afghan Taliban leader, for endorsing the peace talks and said it was important the Taliban "want to join the political process."
Earlier in July, neighbouring Pakistan hosted the first face-to-face Kabul-Taliban talks, supervised by U.S. and Chinese representatives. The meeting was said to have made progress, with the two sides agreeing to work on confidence-building measures and hold more such meetings after Ramadan.
In the wake of the departure of NATO combat forces at the end of last year, the Taliban have stepped up attacks on Afghan troops, which are now in charge of security in the country, and are also targeting government officials.
Ghani has in the past sought Pakistan's help in bringing the Taliban to the negotiations, since Islamabad is believed to wield influence over the group.
2015 is finally coming to a quiet close for the Marvel Cinematic Universe, with the Jessica Jones craze slowly coming to a halt and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. currently on winter hiatus. Despite this off-season period for fans of the MCU, much anticipation lies on the horizons of 2016. Kicking things off for an even more explosive 2016 are the much awaited second seasons of Agent Carter and Daredevil, both of which have wrapped up production in the past few days.
In a tweet from Agent Carter showrunner Michele Fazekas, she confirmed that filming for the upcoming west coast adventure of Peggy Carter has officially come to an end. As you'll recall, the ten episode second season of Agent Carter began production back in August, kicking things off a bit earlier than they did with season one, which was still filming as the first season aired.
And that is a wrap on #AgentCarter Season 2. #ImNotCryingYoureCrying — Michele Fazekas (@MicheleFazekas) December 19, 2015
And just as Agent Carter wrapped its second season, so did Daredevil. In response to a question I myself sent, Daredevil/Captain America ninja-stuntman Chris Brewster has confirmed that production for the show has recently wrapped up. In case some of you missed it, about a week ago a bunch of blurry set pics depicting a rooftop fight between Daredevil and Elektra surfaced online. Those scenes could have very well been the last sequences they had to film for the show.
Agent Carter Season 2 is set to premiere on ABC on January 19, 2016, while Daredevil Season 2 is expected to premiere sometime in April of 2016.
Source: Twitter.
Here's a Woman Who Poops in Every Guy's Apartment
It looks like you'll want to take her back to her place, fellas.
Gigi Engle is a writer at Elite Daily, and she has something she wants to get off her chest. Or out of her drawers.
Engle wrote an article last week that outlined why she makes a habit of crapping at the apartment of every guy she meets. From refusing to be anything she's not to the fact that it's an icebreaker, Engle provides no shortage of reasons for dropping a deuce at his place very early in her relationships.
“I'm not going to sit around and spend an evening prairie dogging just because I don't want to do something you men apparently find so appalling,” Engle wrote. “If you date me, get some Frebreze (sic), act like a normal person and f*ck off. I make it a goddamn point to take a sh*t at every guy's apartment.”
Engle also said that if the guy can accept that she craps wherever and whenever she wants, then she knows he is a keeper.
In a related story, Gigi Engle is single.
I guess it's better than doing it in a store: British Woman Defecates In Store Then Continues Shopping
Design has a complex relationship with origins. The Royal Enfield motorcycle, the Godrej Almirah and the pressure cooker were all ‘foreign' but were re-drawn as products in India, giving them a new meaning. These products are a marriage of craft and industry and have given India a unique form characterized by appropriating something new and merging it with something old and something borrowed often referred to as ‘jugaad'. Jugaad shows that India is intuitively adept at finding solutions through the oldest of human conditions – ‘scarcity'. In time it became sophisticated as we see in the Nano where Indian design is at its most ingenious and adaptable. This product is a result of multiple constraints of cost, size and mobility. The Nano is small and frugal but has thirty-eight pending patents. Designing with scarcity is not a products-only playground. ‘Frugal' is a bit of a crude word, but has been adopted globally as an important design currency in an unpredictable world.
IDLI PATHRAM
A utensil to prepare India's favourite breakfast, idlis
Date of Origin: 1950s
Material: Stainless steel, aluminium
Image credit: Shivani Gupta.
If one were to divide India along a food fault line, it would have to be a North-South one: the north with its chai-samosa and the South with its idli-dosa. And yet, this line is by no means set in stone. It's the Tamilians who have taken the idli northwards, and beyond Indian shores to America, where it is sold as a diet meal with the perfect mix of carbohydrates and proteins. But it's the north that gave idli-making a modern twist: smartly pressure-cooking the idlis in a custom-made stainless steel stand called the idli pathram. The utensil consists of two-three trays put together with a steel rod and a screw. The holes in the trays help in steaming the idlis.
Behind the idli-maker lays the story of stainless steel. From the early 1950s, due to huge government subsidies the steel industry flourished and stainless steel started filtering into Indian kitchens, first in Delhi, Bombay and Poona, and then Madras. In the kitchen, stainless steel took over traditional brass, bronze, copper and tin vessels largely due to the former's affordability and the high maintenance of polishing and cleaning required by traditional metals.
The traditional idli pathram, made of iron, was an important part of any Tamil-Brahmin kitchen. All kitchens were equipped with many different sizes of this utensil. In the big cities like Delhi and Bombay, idlis were eaten only at South Indian specialty restaurants. the growing popularity of these restaurants that offered a cuisine different from the North Indian's daily palate of wheat, rice and vegetables meant that the idli-maker found its way into traditional North Indian kitchens and Sunday afternoon lunches. Due to easy access to stainless steel in the 1970s, steel idli pathrams started being sold in the markets. The convenience of being able to make idlis almost instantly in an idli-maker is what helped the tradition of the idli disperse itself far and wide.
SINTEX TANK
Water storage tank for all of India
Date of Origin: 1979
Material: Virgin and food grade polythylene plastic
Image credit: Shivani Gupta.
Rain is a real challenge in some parts of India. Fatehpur Sikri was abandoned in the twelfth century because of drought. in the West rain comes rarely but in the East it comes in floods. Only forty-five per cent of urban homes and one-fourth of rural homes have access to tap water. So storage of water and its transportation to deficient areas makes overhead water storage tanks essential. This is why the strong, lightweight, portable, easy-to-maintain, Sintex water tank has found many takers. They might be black and bulky but nevertheless India has formed a relationship with them as water is what maintains the city's chain of life.
Sintex tanks are truly innovative borrowing plastic technology not from the water industry but from a completely disconnected textile industry. Sintex was originally a textile company with a small plastics unit acquired in the early 1970s when the textile business needed card cans (used for cleaning fibre), for which the company had imported plastic rotational moulding technology. This idea of plastics in the textile industry did not work out. But the company did not stop there, thinking laterally to see if the rusty overhead water tanks could be replaced with new plastic ones that the company could build. This is where the name of the triple-layer water tanks came from – ‘Sin' from the sintering process of fusing plastics together and ‘tex' from textiles, which is what the plastic technology was initially for. The company's ‘one-piece-ready plastic tank' was exhibited for the first time at the ChemTech exhibition in Bombay in 1975. Around that time there was a cement and steel crunch in the country, and as overhead tanks polluted the water it led to the debut in 1979 of Sintex water tanks, made from virgin and food grade polyethylene.
They were lightweight, durable and foolproof, and the black colour was chosen to block the sun's harmful UV rays. Consulting architects shunned the idea as the tanks looked ugly on top of buildings; nevertheless, it was the functionality of clean, safe and leak-proof material that won people over. Though now Sintex water tanks are available in white too.
CH-4 CHAIR
India's first modernist workspace chair with steel tubing.
Date of Origin: 1958, Bombay
Material: Steel, wood and cane
Image credit: Shivani Gupta.
The CH-4 chair was a groundbreaking piece of innovation, not only in its cantilevered one-piece frame, when most chairs usually had four legs, but also in its use of steel that ushered in a completely new material for the construction of chairs. This chair is what transformed India's old offices into modern spaces, which had been using only heavy wooden furniture. At the turn of the twentieth century, Godrej, the company that had successfully established a niche in the furniture industry with steel almirahs and patented foolproof safes, started modernizing India's officescape by replacing wooden furniture with steel. By the early 1950s, Godrej had successfully introduced a gamut of new designs for tables, office partitions, shelves, cupboards, and of course the iconic CH-4 chair.
This transformation had its roots in Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru's vision of Modern India, which resulted in the 1951 collaboration with Le Corbusier to design Chandigarh, the first planned city of India. Nehru made Chandigarh the national symbol of freedom and modernity. To express freedom in every aspect of life, Indian Modernism was further developed in the use of modernist architecture for the construction of homes, cars and even steel factories. Seizing the opportunity, Godrej adopted Nehru's vision and commissioned India's first modernist workspace – the offices of Madhya Pradesh State Electricity Board. Amongst the chairs, tables and partitions, the CH-4 chair alone became iconic. In design and function, the CH-4 epitomized the ‘less is more' aesthetic and sold millions of units.
Made from electricity-resistant welded steel tubing, the CH-4 is cantilever in shape with a teak and plastic cane seat and back rest. It was initially available in olive green with black wood elements and was lightweight and elegant in design. Launched in 1958, it did not make headlines but was placed in every office in the country. Further additions to the design included arm rests and office tables also in bent tubular steel.
Its inspiration was the Bauhaus designer Marcel Breuer's 1925 Wassily chair, which first used bent tubular steel and canvas, as well as his 1928 Thonet chair fashioned from tubular metal and wood – the novel cantilevered principle of support requiring two rather than the traditional four legs for support. The CH-4 chair was similar but indigenously produced; the first models were with teak trimmings along the arms and the backrest. While the difference in its design was minimal, it revolutionized the office furniture industry, moving it away from the use of natural materials to the use of mass-produced industrial materials, minimalist styling and advanced manufacturing techniques. Steel meant evolution, steel was modern and it was essential to the industrialization of India.
Furniture design has since then moved from modernist to post-modernist, using wire, corian and fibreglass. Godrej, too, has expanded its furniture collection, but the CH-4 chair continues to be produced and remains popular because its design has undergone much ergonomic evolution, like following the curve of the back or introducing the swivel.
BANTA
A banta or marble plugs this bottle that opens with a pop.
Date of Origin: 1870s, Delhi
Material: Glass, marble, water, lemon juice, sugar, black salt, cumin
Image credit: Shivani Gupta.
Goli soda or banta is lemonade that pops when opened, and goli is the marble stuck in the bottle to hold the fizz. This corkless bottle, called the Codd-neck bottle (after its creator Hiram Codd), is a late-nineteenth century design made in the UK, but it is India that gave the drink hundreds of flavours and an indelible connection to youth, playfulness, taste and patriotism. Goli soda or banta is also how a whole generation in India remembers their childhood, and banta is considered the drink of the nation because the pop, the place and the taste are considered definitively Indian.
The most common kind of banta is made with lemon juice, ice and sugar, a pinch of black salt and cumin seeds, thus giving an international lemon soda an Indian flavour through the addition of spices. Though this is the mother recipe that unites the entire country, it is called banta in the north and goli in the south, and there are many regional and local variations too. For example in Mangalore, there are several versions with different names: ‘nannari' if it is made with ginger, ‘impto' when it has more of a cola flavour, ‘chappe' if it is without spice, and simply ‘colour soda' if it has red, blue or yellow colour added to it.
Excerpted with permission from Pukka Indian: 100 Objects that Define India, Jahnvi Lakhota Nandan, Roli Books.
Tens of thousands of federal public servants are set to walk off the job early next month with no end in sight to their three-year dispute over wages and conditions.
Officials from Medicare, Centrelink, Child Support, the Tax Office, Defence, Agriculture and Water Resources, the Bureau of Meteorology and the Department of Prime Minister and Cabinet will strike for 24 hours on September 9, according to their main union, the CPSU.
CPSU National Secretary Nadine Flood has welcomed the breakthrough. Credit:Jamila Toderas
Border Force on-water units began rolling stoppages on Monday but no repeat is planned of the recent airport disruption, caused by striking Border Force, Immigration and Agriculture officials.
The union concedes that disruption to frontline services is likely during the September action, but has appealed for support from the public in what it calls a "fight for a fair deal" for frontline public servants.
For all the interest in House Speaker Paul Ryan's (R-Wis.) grudging support for Donald Trump, there's been far less discussion of the Speaker's counterpart on the other side of Capitol Hill: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.). That's probably because the Kentucky Republican has gone out of his way to keep his mouth shut.Just last week, for example, McConnell attended an event and was asked whether or not he agrees with Trump that the election is “rigged.” According to the AP's account , instead of answering, McConnell simply “laughed and walked away.”Yesterday, however, as Politico noted , McConnell finally broke “his self-imposed silence on Donald Trump.”
The Senate majority leader offered his most enthusiastic remarks about the GOP presidential nominee in months at an event in Kentucky, where McConnell was introduced as the “most powerful Republican in the world.” “We need a new president, Donald Trump, to be the most powerful Republican in America,” McConnell said, according to the Associated Press.
It was the first time McConnell commented publicly on his party's presidential nominee since the senator described Trump's sexual-assault comments as “repugnant.”Apparently, McConnell's concerns were fleeting.There's been quite a bit of speculation in recent weeks about the kind of relationship Hillary Clinton would have with a Republican Congress, if she holds on to win the election, and if there are GOP majorities on the Hill. A variety of Republicans, from the leadership to more obscure members, have suggested they'll intensify their commitment to gridlock and witch hunts.But McConnell's comments yesterday are a reminder that the GOP's Senate leader also has in mind a period of Republican dominance: a far-right House working with a far-right Senate, sending legislation to a controversial, nativist television personality with no real interest in (or understanding of) government or public policy.Today's Republican Party may be unpopular, leaderless, directionless, and divided, but McConnell seems to realize that, by this time next week, Americans may nevertheless hand the party complete control over the federal government – making changes to the nation and the world that might very well last for generations.
1. It is never a good idea to ask someone to marry you before the first date.
1.1 This also applies to the Internet. Double.
2. Half your age plus seven.
That's the yougest you can date without appearing a wee bit foolish and/or desperate.
ie - you're 40, half your age = 20, plus 7 = 27.
3. Your bumper sticker is preaching to the converted
3.1 You will never spell women/wimmin/wymin in a manner that will be acceptable to ALL of them
4. The average interval between lesbian relationships is minus three point five minutes.
4.1 The average lesbian date lasts approximately three years.
4.1 You never want to be "rebound girl" (RG)- the rule is a minimum of one week singledom for ever month they were been been their ex.
Any less, and you have a strong potential for being RG.
5. I love you is not a question.
6. Femmes look like femmes even in men's suits.
6.1. Ditto Tuxedos
7. Piercing your tongue is a lesbian contradiction in terms.
8. It is much cheaper to say, "No, thank you, I have to milk the bison this weekend" now than it is to break up later.
It is not, however easier.
9. Any friend in need of being "fixed-up" is way too broken to be ready to date.
10. The term "Lesbian Therapist" is redundant.
11. Life is a process. Lesbian Life is the process of processing the process.
12. Anybody who thinks that being a lesbian doesn't have something to do with your mother isn't paying close attention.
13. After six months, all lesbian couples walk alike. It's a law.
13.1 After one year, all lesbian couples will be wearing at least one matching item of apparel.
13.2. After ten years, all lesbian couples pronouncing the word, "Hello" into a telephone will sound indistinguishable.
14. Your girlfriend will never understand why you want to start dating again.
15. There's no such thing as lesbian divorce.
There is only thermo-nuclear war.
And then best friends.
15.1 It is nearly impossible for a lesbian to have a best friend she has not been previously been in a relationship with.
15.2 Or won't soon be in a relationship with.
16. You will always solve the problems of the last relationship in the current one.
16.1 It will not, however, help.
17. Just because you never talk about any men except your father and brothers at work does not automatically mean that everyone at work surely must know you're a lesbian.
18. Dental Dams come in chocolate. And mint. And colours.
Plasti-wrap just comes in colours.
19. Only one member of each couple will be truly thrilled to have gay and lesbian marriage legalized.
19.1. Which one will vary at any given time.
20. The only ex that your current lover will ever be fully able to appreciate is the one before at least the one before her.
21. If you don't tell people you have a life, they will think you are boring.
22. "No!" is a complete sentence.
23. Not all nuns are lesbians.
23.1. Ditto flight attendants.
23.2. Not all members of the LPGA are lesbians.
23.3. Ditto professional tennis players.
23.4. Not all residents of Palm Springs, Jamaica Plains, Northhampton, Asheville, Park Slope, Provincetown, or Key West are lesbians.
23.5. It's just wishful thinking.
24. Your mother no longer automatically believes she caused it.
24.1. You father will probably disagree. But only during major arguements.
25. Every family, if you extend out to all the cousins, has at least one gay or lesbian member.
25.1. Your father will tell any one who asks, that it's on your mother's side.
25.2 Parents should be reminded, gently and often, that "I love you ANYWAY" is not a compliment.
26. One half of the gay or lesbian businesses in our town will be out of business before the year's out.
26.1. The other half will believe that you owe them a living.
27. Your gaydar will only work on half the lesbian population.
28. The word, "Lover" is always more than any straight person will really want to know.
I've watched a lot of handsomely paid CEOs get on stages for keynote presentations over the past decade, and none were as good as the one I saw Elon Musk give Thursday night in California as he introduced Tesla's new battery system. I'm sure many people will disagree — I mean, how can you compete with Steve Jobs introducing the iPhone in 2007 — but ultimately Jobs was selling a better smartphone. Musk is selling a better future.
I'm not saying Musk is going to succeed, or that you should go buy Tesla's battery. There are lots of ways to save the world and cut down on fossil fuels, and Tesla's plan isn't the first. I'm just happy to see a presentation that was genuinely exciting and inspiring — a sales pitch for a tech product that's honest, and not treated like the second-coming of Jesus. It's really obvious why so many tech reporters become jaded. Too many tech visionaries pretend like every footprint they leave is going to radically change everything and make the world a better place to live in. We get it. You made a slightly thinner phone from last year's model. You made an app that sends the word "Yo" to someone. Enjoy it while it lasts.
Dude's selling a battery and he still managed to be inspiring
Here's what I loved about Musk's presentation. First of all, it was short, clocking in at about 20 minutes. Musk didn't waste anybody's time. He used that time to present a problem of critical importance (eliminating humanity's use of fossil fuels), explained how it can be addressed, and offered a plausible solution in the form of a new product — one that's priced within reach of a lot of people and available to order. Amazingly, all of those things are actually pretty rare to see in one show. Tesla's presentation was inspiring, and Musk wasn't selling some fancy sci-fi trinket that has the benefit of Star Trek nostalgia. Dude was selling a battery.
But aside from all the technical details I enjoyed, what I liked most was Musk's humble tenor. His ambitions often seem scattershot and sometimes ridiculous, and he probably spends too much time worrying about killer AI, but tonight he seemed confident and focused. Most importantly, he spoke to the audience with a frank tone that didn't feel manipulative or canned. There were no overdone theatrics here, just an honest conversation about how a new product might solve a major problem. The humility and ambition don't just seem to be a show; Tesla has already opened some of its patents to competitors, and announced tonight that it would even open its Gigafactory plans to others.
Take notes, suits of Silicon Valley. This is how you do it right.
UK & EU Summer 2015 Pentax Cash Back
Save on the Pentax K-3, K-S2, and K-50 DSLR
By PF Staff in Deals and Savings on Jun 6, 2015
Ricoh Imaging Europe SAS has recently launched a cash back promotion on current Pentax DSLRs, including the K-3, K-S2, and K-50. Purchase any one of these cameras from an authorized dealer between May 25 and August 1, 2015 to be eligible for a mail-in rebate. If you prefer to shop online, both SRS Microsystems (ships to any EU country) and WEX Photographic (UK only) have been authorized for these rebates.
Camera Rebate Pentax K-3 £75 100 € Pentax K-S2 £40 50 € Pentax K-50 £40 50 €
More details can be found on the Ricoh Imaging site for your area:
In Spain, only the Pentax K-S2 is on sale with rebates ranging from 70 to 100 € based on the kit your purchase. However, you can also save between 18 and 90 € on Pentax lenses.
Learn more about each of these exciting DSLR in our in-depth reviews:
Based on our research, European countries other than those listed above are not currently running the cash back promotion. You may still be eligible for the rebate when shopping at SRS; consult the full terms and conditions for details.
Media playback is not supported on this device Ferguson bemoans lack of injury time
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson said the four minutes of injury time added to his team's defeat by Tottenham was an "insult".
Clint Dempsey's decider helped Spurs win 3-2 to triumph at Old Trafford for the first time in 23 years.
Ferguson said: "It was disappointing because the record has been fantastic.
"They gave us four minutes [injury time], that's an insult to the game. It denies you a proper chance to win a football match."
Andre Villas Boas's side went two goals ahead as Jan Vertonghen scored within two minutes and Gareth Bale added another in the first half, before a frantic period after the break where three goals came in two minutes.
Nani reduced the deficit but a minute later Dempsey made it 3-1 and, although Shinji Kagawa closed the gap once more, Spurs defended stoutly to hang on.
Ferguson told BBC Sport: "There were six substitutions, the trainer came on, so that's four minutes right away and the goalkeeper must have wasted about two or three minutes and they took their time at every goal kick.
Slow starters Manchester United conceded the opening goal in a Premier League match for the fifth time in their six league games this season.
"That's obvious to everyone today and it's a flaw in the game that the referee is responsible for time keeping. It's ridiculous that it's 2012 and the referee still has control of that."
Manchester United have now lost two of their six Premier League games, and sit third in the table behind leaders Chelsea and Everton.
Ferguson said he was pleased with the second half performance where Wayne Rooney hit the post from a free-kick, while Michael Carrick had a header come back off the bar.
But the Scot said his side paid for a poor first-half showing where both Vertonghen and Bale carved through the United defence.
"The most important thing was the first half," Ferguson added. "We didn't start, we were lackadaisical and lost a goal after two minutes, and you give yourself an uphill fight with that situation.
"In the second half we were terrific, it was a great performance by them, and we were unlucky not to win it... and if we had held the scoreline at 2-1 for a few minutes I think we would have won the match."
According to a new poll, seven-in-ten Poles are opposed to ditching the zloty and adopting the euro, fearing rising prices and a loss of sovereignty over the currency.
photo - ecb.int
The CBOS pollster found that 68 percent are against Poland taking up the European single currency, with 24 percent supporting the move, a drop of five percentage points since February 2013.
Foreign minister Grzegorz Schetyna told parliament last week that though adopting the single currency was still on the government's agenda, setting a date was “premature”.
Forty nine percent of respondents told the pollster that they feared the euro would be bad for the Polish economy – up nine percent from a year and half ago.
Sixty four percent said they expected prices in the shops to rise if Poland were to take up the currency, with 27 percent fearing a loss of control over fiscal policy.
The poll was taken between 9 and 15 October from a representative sample of 919. (pg)
The year was 1789. The U.S. Constitution, which had recently passed Congress and been ratified by a majority of states, established the U.S. government as it exists today. But a number of thinkers of the time, including Thomas Jefferson, were concerned that the Constitution included few explicit guarantees of personal liberty of the sort that had appeared in state constitutions. Jefferson, who was living abroad in Paris at the time as U.S. ambassador to France, wrote to his protege James Madison asking him to propose a Bill of Rights of some kind to Congress. Madison agreed. After revising Madison's draft, Congress approved a Bill of Rights and ten amendments to the U.S. Constitution became law.
The Bill of Rights was primarily a symbolic document until the U.S. Supreme Court established its power to strike down unconstitutional legislation in Marbury v. Madison (1803), giving it teeth. It still only applied to federal legislation, however, until the Fourteenth Amendment (1866) extended its power to include state law.
It's impossible to understand civil liberties in the United States without understanding the Bill of Rights. Its text limits both federal and state powers, protecting individual rights from government oppression through the intervention of federal courts.
The Bill of Rights is made up of ten separate amendments, dealing with issues ranging from free speech and unjust searches to religious liberty and cruel and unusual punishment.
Text of the Bill of Rights
The First Amendment
Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press, or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the government for a redress of grievances.
The Second Amendment
A well-regulated militia, being necessary to the security of a free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.
The Third Amendment
No soldier shall, in time of peace be quartered in any house, without the consent of the owner, nor in time of war, but in a manner to be prescribed by law.
The Fourth Amendment
The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures, shall not be violated, and no warrants shall issue, but upon probable cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and particularly describing the place to be searched, and the persons or things to be seized.
The Fifth Amendment
No person shall be held to answer for a capital, or otherwise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indictment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in the militia, when in actual service in time of war or public danger; nor shall any person be subject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty, or property, without due process of law; nor shall private property be taken for public use, without just compensation.
The Sixth Amendment
In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the state and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the assistance of counsel for his defense.
The Seventh Amendment
In suits at common law, where the value in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial by jury shall be preserved, and no fact tried by a jury, shall be otherwise reexamined in any court of the United States, than according to the rules of the common law.
The Eighth Amendment
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
The Ninth Amendment
The enumeration in the Constitution, of certain rights, shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people.
by Ben Cohen
On some days, I wake up and truly believe the world as we know it is going to end. As the government funnels money upwards towards the rich, and outwards towards endless wars, it would only be logical to assume the economy is destined to fall apart. As we increase our food consumption and continue to rely on fossil fuels to provide our energy, it would only be logical to assume climate catastrophe in the near future (and there is much evidence to say we're living through it now).
But on other days, I feel optimistic that human decency, ingenuity and survival instinct will pull us back from the brink and find a more sustainable way to live. And occasionally, I think that our power to adapt to a changing environment means all of the above won't be as bad as many people make it out to be.
While the science seems to predict the worst, the environment is so complex and humans so unpredictable there are literally a million different outcomes possible. It is hard to know which view is the more accurate, as each are highly dependent on mood.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
In a fascinating article in the Scientific American, Mark Maslin and John Adams put forward a proposal that our environmental beliefs are reliant on how individual humans respond to risk and uncertainty. They have broken down the environmental beliefs, or 'myths' that people subscribe to into four categories:
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
1) Nature is benign: Earth is predictable and robust, able to withstand or bounce back from any damage. This view corresponds with what they call individualists,
entrepreneurial types who don't necessarily believe in control or
intervention from others. Maslin uses the example of self-made oil
barons. 2) Nature is ephemeral: Earth is fragile and it is in danger of collapse. And this view is held by egalitarians,
people who have strong democratic group loyalties but do not respect
externally imposed rules. Radical environmentalists might fall into
this category. 3) Nature is tolerant: Earth can handle some changes, but major excesses will send it reeling. This is a view held by hierarchists, people who know their place, and adhere to strong social structures. Scientists or soldiers might be examples. 4) Nature is capricious: Earth's reactions are so unpredictable that we cannot predict nor accurately plan our future. This is the view of fatalists, those who feel they have little control over their lives.
Generally speaking, I feel I am a mixture of 1, 2 and a little bit of 4, although I'm sure that would change on any given day. Which one are you? Please comment or email to TheDailyBanter@gmail.com. I'd love to hear your thoughts!
During his stay in the German capital, Ukrainian presidential candidate Petro Poroshenko justified the use of violence by his country's army against pro-Russian separatists, whom he described as "terrorists."
Poroshenko clarified that those who carry machine guns and kill people understand only one language, "that of force." He rejected calls to take up negotiations with separatists. "They don't represent anybody. We have to restore law and order and sweep the terrorists off the street," said the confectionery-magnate-turned-politician who is a frontrunner at Ukrainian elections slated for May 25.
In Berlin, Poroshenko welcomed a suggestion by German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier (SPD) to hold a second round of talks in Geneva. But the 48-year-old said he did not want any pro-Russian separatists at the table, adding that the only legitimate representative of Ukraine was the country's foreign minister.
Elections as planned
Poroshenko said the upcoming elections were a vital step and had to be held throughout Ukraine. "Those who try to destabilize the situation in the east of Ukraine have only one intention: they want to prevent us from holding elections," said Poroshenko. "Fake referendums" in eastern Ukraine, he added, had to prevented - such as the referendum in Donetsk on a secession of the region, which is scheduled for next Sunday.
Steinmeier (left) is looking for ways out of the crisis together with the OSCE
"We are not afraid of referendums, constitutional changes or a decentralization of power," said Poroshenko, who had meetings in Berlin with Chancellor Angela Merkel, Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier and members of the German parliament. But he added that presidential elections had to be held first and those issues could then be addressed in an appropriate manner afterwards.
German conservative politician Andreas Schockenhoff (CDU) said after the meeting with Poroshenko that it was "illegal" to hold any kind of referendum ahead of the elections. He added there were indications that May 9 and 11 could see "heckling activities," possibly with Russian involvement. Schockenhoff urged Russia to refrain from any attempt to destabilize Ukraine.
Topical debate at Bundestag
Among those expressing their concern over violent clashes in Ukraine were two German ministers. "We're on the brink of a new confrontation on our continent," said Foreign Minister Steinmeier in a last-minute Bundestag debate. He added he was still optimistic that it "wasn't too late" to stop an escalation of the situation, adding that he was currently busy trying to set up a second round of Geneva talks.
Steinmeier said it was in Moscow's interest, too, since the Russian government doubted the legitimacy of the current Ukrainian interim government. He also called for national dialog within Ukraine to overcome tensions. He said he was in favor of a constitutional reform and for the disarmament of the militia. During the minister's speech, news broke that Russian President Vladimir Putin had given up his opposition to the elections. For the first time, Putin called the presidential elections a "step in the right direction."
Presidential candidate Poroshenko told DW in Berlin on Thursday evening that he welcomed Putin's statement, but he also warned it was not yet a guarantee that the situation had been stabilized.
Discussion about OSCE mission
The German foreign minister vehemently rejected criticism of the OSCE observation that came from conservative member of parliament Peter Gauweiler and members of the opposition. Wolfgang Gehrcke, of the Left Party, commented that the military observers' mission had endangered the much bigger and more important civilian mission, which involved 500 OSCE observers and was agreed by all sides.
Upon their return home from Ukraine, the OSCE observers were welcomed by Defence Minister von der Leyen (left)
Two weeks ago, during their deployment in eastern Ukraine, the seven-man group of soldiers under German leadership were arrested in the city of Donetsk by separatists. They were detained for one week and only released last Saturday. Steinmeier and German Defense Minister Ursula von der Leyen (CDU) thanked those involved in getting the men home safely.
They explicitly mentioned Russian Commissioner on human rights, Vladimir Lukin. Von der Leyen stressed that the OSCE observers' mission had been set up with the goal of creating trust and transparency in conflict situations.
Criticism of Putin
Green member of Parliament Marie-Luise Beck criticized Russia in strong terms. Moscow was actively working on destabilizing Ukraine and on immersing its neighboring country in a civil war, she said. At the same time, civil society was dwindling in Russia, Beck added, because of the attempts by the country's president Vladimir Putin to combat a liberal and multicultural society.
Instead, Putin actively sought collaboration with right-wing populists from across Europe. Beck stressed that the secession and occupation of Crimea by Russia ought not be condoned. For the first time since 1945, Beck said, a part of a sovereign country had been annexed by force from outside.
Dollar charges higher after Fed hikes rates
By Marc Jones
LONDON, Dec 15 (Reuters) - The dollar charged to a 14-year high and government bond yields rose sharply on Thursday after the Federal Reserve hiked U.S. interest rates and signalled more would follow at a faster pace next year.
European shares cheered a 2.5 percent rise in bank stocks on the prospect of a boost to their profits and the Dow Jones index looked set for another run at 20,000 points. But the main action was elsewhere.
Bond markets saw yields on short-term U.S. debt surge to the highest since 2009, sending the dollar galloping past key euro levels, to a 10-month peak on the yen and prompting China to set the yuan at its weakest in eight years.
The Fed's anticipated policy path, and expectations that Donald Trump as U.S. president will get growth motoring, are keeping emerging markets on edge as capital gets sucked from more fragile, export-dependent economies toward dollar-based assets.
The Fed's rate rise of 25 basis points to 0.5-0.75 percent was well flagged but investors were spooked when the "dot plots" of members' projections showed a median of three hikes next year, up from two previously.
"You had the Fed come in and be a bit more hawkish than many people, including us, were expecting," said TD Securities head of global strategy Richard Kelly.
"It wasn't just the move in the dots, it was the language that was used. There was an acknowledgement that if Trump gets his plans moving through Congress you could see the economy pushing higher."
The Fed's economic projections have hardly been upgraded, suggesting it could accelerate the monetary tightening even further if policymakers see firmer evidence of higher growth or inflation.
Fed fund futures slid to imply an almost 50 percent chance that the Fed would raise rates three times, with two hikes fully priced in already.
The dollar continued to rise in European trading. It hit a 10-month high of 117.87 and then jumped through $1.0425 per euro, while the difference in yields on benchmark 10-year U.S. and German government bonds ballooned to the widest since at least 1990.
Those U.S. yields rose as far as 2.63 percent, having already risen more than 0.8 of a percentage point since Trump was elected last month. The jump in 2-year Treasury paper was the biggest daily rise since early 2015 as it topped 1.29 percent.
"One of the reasons why a bond market sell-off this time around looks more sustainable is because it can be accompanied by higher equity markets," Peter Schaffrik, chief European macro strategist at RBC Capital Markets said. ****************************************************************
For Reuters Graphic on the Fed, click on
http://tmsnrt.rs/2gsUVwB ****************************************************************
EMERGING PRESSURE
The allure of higher U.S. yields raises risks for emerging markets, as funds look to take advantage of rising U.S. rates rather than put their money in traditionally riskier economies.
China's central bank reacted to the Fed's move by setting the yuan mid-point at 6.9289 to the dollar, its weakest since June 2008, though market players noted that the yuan has been firmer against many other currencies and rose on trade-weighted basis.
Currencies such as the Singapore dollar and Korean won came under pressure, and analysts anticipate most low-yielders will be on the back foot in an environment of a rising dollar, higher yields and weaker yuan.
Mexico, whose markets have been battered hardest by Trump's threats to tear up trade deals, holds a central bank meeting later where it is expected to hike its own interest rates in response to the Fed and try to prevent further damage.
The Bank of Korea gave a taste of the challenges many EM economies face. It held its key rate at a record low of 1.25 percent despite flagging the growing risks on its export-reliant economy.
Globally emerging market stocks fell 1.6 percent, though developed economies and the major currencies were at the dollar's mercy too.
The euro dropped to as low as $1.0425 despite some upbeat economic data. The break below its March 2015 low of $1.0457 was a significant milestone, opening the way for a test of $1, or parity against the dollar, which last happened in late 2002.
That drew reaction from Switzerland, which is highly sensitive to the euro's moves. Its central bank head said another cut in Swiss interest rates couldn't be ruled out, though the Swiss franc took little notice.
Wall Street was expected to open higher when it resumes, having suffered on Wednesday its biggest percentage decline since before the Nov. 8 U.S. presidential election.
That decline was modest, however, compared with the strong gains of the last month that have set a string of record highs and put the Dow Industrial index within touching distance of 20,000 points.
Among commodities, oil prices stabilised as a tighter market looms in 2017 due to planned output cuts led by OPEC and Russia. Earlier they had seen sharp declines following the Fed's action.
Brent crude futures traded up a shade at $54.33 per barrel, having lost some of the ground overnight made earlier in the week that had taken it a 1 1/2-year high.
Gold dropped to its lowest in more than 10 months around $1,135.1 an ounce and last stood at $1,138.
"The outlook for gold is not particularly great," said ANZ analyst Daniel Hynes. "The more hawkish comments from the Fed are clearly a headwind in the short-term ... The selling seen this morning is just the start of things to come."
For Reuters new Live Markets blog on European and UK stock markets see reuters://realtime/verb=Open/url=http://emea1.apps.cp.extranet.thomsonreuters.biz/cms/?pageId=livemarkets
Electric Cars Run On Coal, Whether You Like It Or Not
I love the environment, and that's why I hate electric cars. Here's why:
The whole point to driving electric cars is that they're green—they don't produce nearly as much carbon dioxide as do gas-powered cars. The problem is that this isn't really true: electric cars aren't going to save the environment anytime soon. In fact, they'll probably make it worse.
The fact is fossil fuels are still used in manufacturing the electric cars. They power the machines that mine the elements that make up the battery, the chassis, the interior—everything. Mining is not green. According to Wired:
Rare metals only exist in tiny quantities and inconvenient places—so you have to move a lot of earth to get just a little bit. In the Jiangxi rare earth mine in China, Abraham writes, workers dig eight-foot holes and pour ammonium sulfate into them to dissolve the sandy clay. Then they haul out bags of muck and pass it through several acid baths; what's left is baked in a kiln, leaving behind the rare earths required by everything from our phones to our Teslas.
This is all bad, but worse is the mass disposal of these car batteries. It's an environmental disaster in its own right.
And this doesn't even touch on the manufacturing. The power that factories use to assemble electric vehicles comes from the power grid, which means it's (mostly) generated by burning fossil fuels.
Tesla's giant factory? It's powered by burning coal and natural gas.
Electric Cars Run On Fossil Fuels
The following video touches on another big problem when it comes to electric cars: fuel (or lack thereof). Electric cars run on (obviously) electricity. Therefore, they're only as green as the energy they run on. As it turns out, gas-powered internal combustion engines burn cleaner than the power grid as a whole.
Therefore, electric cars actually have a larger environmental footprint than their competition.
Continuing along this vein, Scientific American explains:
But those smokestacks, many attached to coal-fired power plants, are the single-largest source of greenhouse gas pollution in the U.S., at two billion metric tons of CO2 per year. That source would grow as electric cars demand more and more electricity, unless tighter pollution controls are placed on power plants or electric utilities shift to less polluting sources such as solar. As it stands, a conventional Toyota Prius hybrid vehicle, which burns gasoline when its batteries are not engaged, and the all-electric Nissan Leaf produce roughly the same amount of greenhouse gas pollution: 200 grams per mile, according to data from the U.S. Department of Energy.
And as they later acknowledge, this argument applies doubly for countries that don't have such tight environmental controls as the United States:
The same argument applies worldwide. Driving an electric car in China, where coal is by far the largest power plant fuel, is a catastrophe for climate change. And if the coal plant lacks pollution controls—or fails to turn them on—it can amplify the extent of smog, acid rain, lung-damaging microscopic soot and other ills that arise from burning fossil fuels.
This is the elephant in the room. China. Electric cars in China are an environmental disaster. In China, there is less than 1 car for every 6 individuals. With their economy growing and more and more people moving to the middle class this number is expected to boom in the next decade.
China's power grid is notoriously dirty and they keep building many more coal power plants to keep up with the power demand.
The main lesson here is that electric cars are about as green as the power grid that provides them. However, all this means is that electric cars are a pipe dream.
We've repeatedly written about the issues with a ‘green' energy grid. Not only is it not viable in the long term, it also has the potentially to collapse Western civilization due to causal non-linearities, and systemic fragility.
So, if the only way to make electric cars truly environmentally friendly is to make the power grid ‘green', then electric cars are a sham since the latter cannot (and should not) happen—at least not using the technology that “environmental advocates” would like. Nuclear, sure. Wind, not a chance.
Luckily for us, electric cars have not taken over the automobile industry quite yet. In fact, Tesla couldn't sell any electric cars in Hong Kong without significant government subsidies.
Electric vehicles make up just two tenths of a percent of passenger vehicles in North America. Even with government subsidies on manufacturing and consumption, electric vehicles haven't even reached a third of Barack Obama's prediction of 1 million electric vehicles on the road by 2015.
With fuel prices reaching historic lows and electric cars producing loads of carbon emissions during manufacturing, it bolsters the argument that green energy and electric cars are nothing more than another wealth redistribution schemes that help create welfare billionaires like Elon Musk.
More than a few eyebrows were raised when redshirt freshman running backs Jamal Morrow and Gerard Wicks soared to the top of the depth chart this fall, past incumbents Marcus Mason (senior) and Teondray Caldwell (junior), without ever having played a college game.
Mason and Caldwell were steady performers for WSU last season. They each averaged around 5 yards per carry, and Mark even wrote an ode to Mason's development -- the running back had played football for just a year before coming to WSU, but had turned into one of the Cougars' most productive players.
Fast forward to today, and Mason has more tackles (four, all on special teams) than carries (zero). Caldwell switched to safety in response to his drop on the depth chart, and has now left the program altogether.
Four games in, Morrow and Wicks are showing why the staff's faith in them is justified.
Each got off to a bit of a slow start as the offense found its sea legs, and while the consistency in the running game still isn't there, both flashed their tantalizing ability on Saturday against Oregon and showing just what it is that caused them to pass a couple of known quantities.
Let's take a look at some of the highlights.
We already covered this play in The Monday After, but it's worth repeating here. Morrow's quickness -- something that will be a theme through these highlights -- leaves the Oregon defender wondering where he's just gone. He turns a possible tackle short of the line to gain into 10 more yards and a first down:
Morrow doesn't just have jukes. Check out the way he bursts through no fewer than four defenders who think they have a bead on him, parting them like the Red Sea:
The replay angle shows even better just how surprised the Duck defenders are to find out they don't actually have Morrow boxed in. That acceleration, man.
This might be my favorite play by Morrow. Explosive plays are great, but sometimes the biggest plays are the plays that just move the chains:
Oregon had Morrow dead to rights. Previous running backs likely would have just tried to put their heads down and run though contact to the line -- likely with suboptimal results. Morrow is able to win his one-on-one matchup, and two plays later, Connor Halliday found Rickey Galvin for the game-tying touchdown.
Morrow hasn't had a ton of success in the running game yet, likely because he operates best in space and the offensive line isn't yet opening up large holes with regularity. Still, his speed is an asset in the right situation. Check out how he gets wide, runs through one arm tackle, and then is able to accelerate past an out-of-position defender:
While Morrow is getting the lion's share of the touches, Wicks has brought value as well. His per-rush number is higher (4.0 to 3.8), and at 5-11/211, he's much better suited to get hard yards up the middle:
Notice the subtle cut in the backfield as he reads where the hole is? He then is able to run through a couple of arm tackles to pick up five extra yards.
I'm being truthful when I say that I loved what Mason brought to the Cougs last year. And if something were to happen to one of these guys to force him back into action, I'd be totally confident that he'd be a productive player once again. But to see how Morrow and Wicks are progressing, and to think they're only freshmen ... it's exciting to think about the future.
This fish could not be the one that got away.
When the giant yellowfin tuna began to plunge deep into the big blue, I swam hard after her. She wasn't just any tuna, she was our Spy Tuna, armed with a high-definition camera in her eyes and mouth. I didn't know exactly how many tens of thousand of dollars the one-of-a-kind tuna was worth, but I knew the bottom was around a kilometer below.
The engineering marvel known as Spy Tuna was helping us film spinner dolphin superpods off the Osa Peninsula. She was one of the stars of John Downer Productions' “Dolphins – Spy In The Pod,” out last week on BBC1, and the show would really suffer without her.
She had filmed some of the most amazing dolphin discoveries ever seen, and she looked good doing it. Those who operated her used virtual goggles and a remote control. The cameras in her eyes and mouth captured the largest gatherings of dolphins ever filmed on earth, around 20 to 30 miles off of Drake Bay, on the southern Pacific coast.
The painted spy flashed her yellow and blue colors, all the while filming the voice bubbles of dolphins conversing and filling the sea like shining stars. Spy Tuna witnessed superpods of thousands of dolphins merging into megapods for massive orgies. She recorded the spectacle as dolphins corralled house-sized bait clusters of fish, then hundreds of giant rays showed up, soaring through and devouring at high speed. The rays left behind many stunned and dead fresh fish, which the dolphins snapped up.
A good thing to be with dolphins is “poopular.” In other words, dolphins like to poop on their friends. The spinners gathered directly upstream of Spy Tuna and again and again sent their streaks of hormones all over her. She was very poopular, and that was why she got to see it all.
We now know what it looks like when dolphins surf a beach break wave from underwater. We learned that dolphins get high by passing around a potent puffer fish for a quick chew. We've seen a baby spinner dolphin learn her spin, and a baby bottlenose learn to hunt, and so much more.
The show is sure to inspire a tsunami of awareness about dolphin awesomeness, while showing the world the future of high-tech ocean exploration. I hope it makes Costa Ricans think about how the world's most famous wildlife documentary broadcasting corporation, with plenty of funding, chooses to come to the Osa Peninsula for dolphin filming.
With so many dolphins to snoop on, it should come as no surprise that Spy Tuna isn't the only undersea infiltrator. The whiz kids at John Downer crafted Spy Turtle, Spy Nautilus Seashell, Spy Dolphin, Spy Ray and Spy Squid. They did not only film in Costa Rica, but dispersed their infiltrators to some of the world's choicest dolphin locations, like Madagascar and Honduras and the Florida Keys. The images they've captured tell a story we've never seen and show us things we never knew.
That isn't to say that Spy Tuna is easy to replace. So when she diverted herself for the ocean floor, I powered after her, keeping the glint of her painted exterior in my sight. When she started to slow down, I was able to catch up, grab her and drag her back to the boat.
When we surfaced together, the looks on the faces of the crew mirrored the relief I felt. The engineering marvel know as Spy Tuna could now keep helping us film the super- and megapods of the offshore Osa peninsula. We really need her.
MILPITAS, CA — Police in four different cities are looking for a man suspected in a series of armed robberies in the Bay Area and San Joaquin Valley late last year.
Between Oct. 17 and Nov. 7, the man allegedly used a gun to rob several liquor stores and 7-Eleven stores in Fremont, San Jose, Milpitas and Stockton, according to police.
He was often wearing an orange construction vest and is described as an Asian or Filipino man in his 20s, standing 5 feet 8 inches tall and weighing about 175 pounds.
He was driving a late 1990s or early 2000s model white Ford Explorer XLT.
Anyone with information about the case is asked to call the Milpitas Police Department at (408) 586-2400. Additionally, the information can be given anonymously by calling the Crime Tip Hotline at (408) 586-2500 or via the Milpitas Police Department website at: http://www.ci.milpitas.ca.gov/crimetip
— Bay City News; Image via Fremont Police
Also See:
Most people think of cars simply as modes of transportation, but some decided to turn their Saabs into amazing pieces of unique furniture and home decor.
Just remember Saab 9000 armchairs.
After you check out these Saab creations, you'll never look at an good old Saab the same way again.
Saab flowerbeds
Cars as flowerbeds. Another use for a car that we had never considered before now. What a great way to prettify that rusty old banger in your field, and also of increasing the residual value of a nearly new Saab:
Saab 9000 Soffa
It looks like a Saab 9000 Backend, but it'll easily fit in your living room and it won't break down. Hopefully. And that is nor all. This couch you can buy – price ~$710,
Saab Bedrom
Saab Scania Truck in Living Room
The owner of this extravagant fireplace clearly appreciates the in-your-face aesthetics of a SAAB-Scania truck in his/her lounge.
It was not a good day for 49ers general manager Trent Baalke, who has spent seven draft picks over the past four years on players rehabbing from recent ACL injuries.
The 49ers on Monday morning announced cornerback Will Redmond was headed to injured reserve. The team also reached an injury settlement with wide receiver DeAndre Smelter, who has been bothered by a hamstring injury and never played during the exhibition season.
Here's a look at the seven players general manager Trent Baalke selected since 2013 who sustained torn ACLs during their final seasons of college. . .
OLB Tank Carradine, 2013, second round
The 49ers made several miscalculations with Carradine, whom many believed could have been a first-round draft pick if he had not sustained the right knee injury at Florida State in November 2012.
First, the 49ers placed him on their 53-man roster late in his rookie season, though he never played. If he had remained on the non-football injury list, he would be a restricted free agent at the end of this season. Second, Carradine was asked to put on weight and be a defensive tackle.
Finally, Carradine was told to drop weight and be an outside linebacker. That's where he currently plays for the 49ers, and it appears to be a good fit. Carradine is one of just three outside linebackers on the team to open the season, and could work his way into a significant role as a pass-rush specialist.
UPDATE: Carradine became the first of the players drafted while rehabbing ACL injuries to sign a second contract with the 49ers. The 49ers awarded him a one-year extension through 2017 that includes a $1.25 million signing bonuses, a source told CSNBayArea.com.
RB Marcus Lattimore, 2013, fourth round
He sustained a grisly right knee injury for South Carolina in October of 2012. Two years later, and never playing a regular-season or preseason game with the 49ers, he announced his retirement. He sustained a torn left ACL the previous year.
OG Brandon Thomas, 2014, third round
He sustained a torn ACL in a 2014 pre-draft workout for the New Orleans Saints. The 49ers had him rated as a second-round prospect, according to Baalke. But he never played a snap for the 49ers, who traded him last week to the Detroit Lions for slot receiver/return man Jeremy Kerley. The Lions cut Thomas but re-signed him to their practice squad.
CB Keith Reaser, 2014, fifth round
His final season at Florida Atlantic ended in October of 2013 with a torn left ACL. Then, at the NFL scouting combine, an MRI examination revealed he might have torn his ACL again. He underwent surgery in February. The 49ers still drafted him. Reaser, 25, appeared in 13 games last season with no starts. He is one of six cornerbacks on the 49ers' 53-man roster.
FB Trey Millard, 2014, seventh round
While playing at Oklahoma, he sustained a torn ACL in October of 2013 and spent his rookie season on the non-football injury list. The 49ers released him on their cut to 75 players last year. Millard sustained another ACL tear last week for the Kansas City Chiefs.
WR DeAndre Smelter, 2015, fourth round
Smelter sat out his entire rookie season while rehabbing from his ACL tear. He missed the entire exhibition season due to a hamstring injury. Even when Smelter was healthy and able to practice, he was not impressive.
“He's a talented kid,” 49ers receivers coach Bob Bicknell said in mid-August. “He's physical. He can run. He's a raw player, when you talk about raw players. There is a lot of experience that goes into playing this position, especially at this level.
“He needs some reps. Coming off a knee injury and then there are a million things that go along with that, as anybody who's been injured realizes. Now you got other things that come up. . . He has all the tools that you want, he just honestly is not yet ready to know how to use them. He just doesn't.”
CB Will Redmond, 2016, third round
Redmond returned to play in the 49ers' final two exhibition games after being eased back into action after his final season at Mississippi State ended with his knee injury.
On the night the 49ers selected Redmond in the third round, Baalke said Redmond would be ready to play this season.
“He will be healthy and he will be ready to go,” Baalke said.
Redmond played 20 snaps of defense and seven plays on special teams in the 49ers' exhibition finale Thursday night against the San Diego Chargers. He appeared to be moving with a lot of discomfort.
On Aug. 22, 49ers defensive coordinator Jim O'Neil said, “I don't know that he's all the way back, yet.”
o - JS Library for Object Manipulation
Tuesday, August 23, 2011 { 0 Comments }
Responses to “o - JS Library for Object Manipulation”
o - is simple lightweight JavaScript library for basic object manipulation. Compressed and gzipped weights around 0,5 kb. It should work on IE 5.5 and latter. Also there is lite version that doesn't make hasOwnProperty check that will run faster and with less code.Lately I was having fun making some JavaScript projects like Object Auto Documentation https://github.com/vladocar/AutoObjectDocumentation and Multiple object extend pattern in JavaScript http://www.vcarrer.com/2011/06/multiple-object-extend-pattern-in.html that are both object related.When I was working on Object Auto Documentation I realized that can be handy if I had small library for dealing exclusively with JS objects.That is how the idea for this library was born. Basically this library is nothing new or glamorous is just the tool I needed. The library contains methods like adding, removing values in the object, extracting object keys and values, object extending and cloning, transforming the object to JSON and JSON to object and many more..The goal of this JavaScript is to make fast object interrogation without many error and property checking. From the primary tests I made this library should work even in IE 5.5. If you are using toJSON and toObject methods you should also include Douglas Crockford JSON.js file.I also included the lite version that is basically the same code only without hasOwnProperty verification for speed gain.One thing that surprised me is the native Object.keys method for extracting values is slower than for in loop method. Here are some speed tests that I find on jsperf.com http://jsperf.com/object-keys-iteration/3 and http://jsperf.com/object-keys-vs-for-in-for-values/2 I decided to implement the native Object.keys method for modern browsers and for in loop method for older browsers, in many browsers the native method is slower then for in method but probably the Object.keys will get some speed optimization in the future browsers. If you are using o-lite.js you will experience the pure velocity of .keys and .values method.This library is inspired by underscore.js with the main focus on JavaScript Objects. The speed in this library is achieved by simply not doing any kind of error check. That means that you should do all the error checks outside of the library or modify the library (it is very easy because there are few lines of code) or be aware what this library does and how it's made.Here are the list of all the methods with examples Fell free to suggest code and speed improvements and also to suggest new methods for exploring the JavaScript Object.
The Institute for Economics and Peace said Tuesday that the number of people killed in terrorist attacks around the world rose 80 percent last year.
The Global Terrorism Index found that 32,685 people were killed by terrorist attacks in 2014, an increase from 18,111 deaths in 2013. The rise in deaths from terrorism is the largest increase on record.
"Terrorism is gaining momentum at an unprecedented pace," said Steve Killelea, executive chairman of the Institute of Economics and Peace.
Terrorism is defined in the report as "the threatened or actual use of illegal force and violence by a non-state actor to attain a political, economic, religious or social goal through fear, coercion or intimidation."
The militant groups Boko Haram and "Islamic State" are largely to blame for the increase, as they accounted for more than 51 percent of the deaths in 2014. 78 percent of the deaths recorded took place in Afghanistan, Iraq, Nigeria, Pakistan and Syria. Iraq was the hardest hit with 9,929 deaths related to terrorism, and Nigeria saw an increase of more than 300 percent with 7,512 terrorism-related deaths.
Killelea said there was an "interconnectedness between the current refugee crisis, terrorism and conflict," as 10 of the 11 nations most affected by terrorism were also among those with the highest rates of refugees and internal displacement.
"The significant increase in terrorist activity has meant that its ramifications are being felt more widely throughout the world," he added.
Terrorism in the West
According to the study, Western states were much less at risk of terrorist attacks from Islamic fundamentalism and instead more prone to lone wolf attacks driven by political extremism, nationalism or racial and religious supremacy.
However, the attacks in Paris, claimed by the militant "Islamic State" group, could prove to be a milestone, said Killelea.
"The Paris incident in many ways is a watershed within Europe. It shows that ISIL [IS] has the capabilities to be able to launch sophisticated and deadly attacks in Europe," he said, warning that more private citizens are being targeted by the militant group.
"It's difficult - taking the time frame forward two years - to see the [IS] threat disappearing."
The economic cost of terrorism estimated by the study amounted to $52.9 billion (49.6 billion euros), a tenfold increase since 2000 and the highest level ever reported.
smm/cmk (AFP, dpa)
Researchers at the Universitat Autònoma de Barcelona (UAB) have succeeded in completely curing type 1 diabetes in dogs with a single session of gene therapy by introducing a “glucose sensor” into muscle.
This is the first time the disease has been cured in large animals, a fundamental step towards applying the therapy in humans. The dogs recovered their health and no longer show symptoms of the disease. In some cases, monitoring continued for over four years, with no recurrence of symptoms.
The therapy is minimally invasive. It consists of a single session of various injections in the animal's rear legs using simple needles that are commonly used in cosmetic treatments.
These injections introduce gene therapy vectors, with a dual objective: to express the insulin gene and glucokinase genes. Glucokinase is an enzyme that regulates the uptake of glucose from the blood.
When both genes act simultaneously, they function as a “glucose sensor,” which automatically regulates the uptake of glucose from the blood, thus reducing diabetic hyperglycemia (the excess of blood sugar associated with the disease).
The study provides ample data showing the safety of gene therapy mediated by adeno-associated vectors (AAV) in diabetic dogs. It is based on the transfer of two genes to the muscle of adult animals using a new generation of very safe vectors known as adeno-associated vectors. These vectors, derived from non-pathogenic viruses, are widely used in gene therapy and have been successful in treating several diseases.
Long-term control of the disease
Dogs treated with a single administration of gene therapy showed good glucose control at all times, both when fasting and when fed, improving on that of dogs given daily insulin injections, and with no episodes of hypoglycemia, even after exercise. Furthermore, the dogs treated with adeno-associated vectors improved their body weight and had not developed secondary complications four years after the treatment.
There have been multiple clinical trials in which AAV vectors have been introduced into skeletal muscle, so the strategy reported in this study is feasible for clinical translation, the researchers say.
The study was led by the head of the UAB's Centre for Animal Biotechnology and Gene Therapy (CBATEG) Fàtima Bosch, and involved the Department of Biochemistry and Molecular Biology of the UAB, the Department of Medicine and Animal Surgery of the UAB, the Faculty of Veterinary Science of the UAB, the Department of Animal Health and Anatomy of the UAB, the Spanish Biomedical Research Centre in Diabetes and Associated Metabolic Disorders (CIBERDEM), the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia (USA) and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute of Philadelphia (USA).
Diabetes mellitus
Diabetes mellitus is the most common metabolic disease, and a large number of patients need insulin treatment to survive. In spite of the use of insulin injections to control the disease, these patients often develop serious secondary complications like blindness, kidney damage or amputation of limbs. Moreover, in order to achieve good blood glucose control, insulin has to be injected two or three times a day, which brings a risk of hypoglycemia episodes (lowering of blood sugar): an additional problem that comes on top of the other hardships of the treatment.
WA Police are on track to seize a record number of vehicles from hoons and unlicensed drivers this year, revealing they impounded an average of 37 cars daily.
But it did not deter many of those who were flouting the laws. Police Minister Michelle Roberts said police were “just weeks away” from crushing the 10,000th car permanently confiscated from a repeat offender in the past four years.
Disturbingly, police were seizing an increasing number of vehicles from drivers who were not entitled to be on the road because their licences were suspended or cancelled, Mrs Roberts said.
“This sort of risk-taking behaviour on our roads can have tragic consequences,” she said.
Statistics show unlicensed drivers were more likely to be involved in crashes, while speeding contributed to more than a third of last year's road deaths.
Camera Icon Police are impounding about 40 hoon cars every day. Picture: PerthNow, Simon Santi.
Police have the power to seize vehicles for at least 28 days from people caught driving while under court-ordered or demerit point suspensions or from hoons. In most cases, a vehicle is only confiscated and crushed or sold after a third offence. Laws in force since January make it easier for authorities to permanently take vehicles from WA's worst motorists.
Forty-two drivers have had their cars confiscated on a first offence for reckless driving in a school zone or suburban area.
This includes speeding at least 45km/h over the limit or doing burnouts. Police figures show they have taken an increasing number of cars and motorbikes off rogue drivers each year, with 11,491 vehicles impounded last year, up from 10,308 in 2013.
In just the 18 months to June this year, a staggering 7051 vehicles — an average 391 a month — were crushed, sold or given away after being permanently confiscated by authorities.
As police prepare to crush the 10,000th confiscated car, Mrs Roberts said she would see if more could be diverted from the scrap dealers and used for training.
“It may be more of them are able to be supplied to the Department of Fire and Emergency Services or perhaps volunteer groups and students studying panel beating,” she said.
The Road Safety Commission said more than $23,575 was raised for the Road Trauma Trust Fund from the sale of confiscated vehicles last financial year.
In-depth: IS-Khorasan, the Afghan franchise of the Islamic State group's network, disappears from the site of one attack only to reappear in another, writes Mohammed Harun Arsalai.
The Islamic State-Khorasan group's brazen midday attack on the Iraqi embassy in Kabul at the end of July killed two and injured at least another three.
A suicide bomber detonated his explosives at the gate of the Iraqi embassy, allowing IS-K gunmen to enter the complex, sparking a four-hour gun battle.
The Monday attack took place in Kabul city's Shar-e-Naw district, a busy mixed-to-upscale area of the capital supposedly protected by Kabul's ring of steel - a network of around 25 checkpoints across central Kabul. It was a massive security failure by any measure.
A report recently released by UNAMA shows casualties and deaths in Afghanistan at record levels, with the majority of casualties in the nations capital. UNAMA's mid-year casualty report for Afghanistan states that 1,662 Afghan civilians - mostly women and children - were killed, and another 3,581 injured, in the first six months of 2017.
The existence of IS-Khorasan in Afghanistan has been somewhat demystified in recent months, but the the group's formations and motivations continue to confuse journalists and analysts alike, as the militants continue to carry out complex attacks with relative ease while supposedly having taken devastating loses in areas like Nangarhar. Here the IS-K is attempting to repel a campaign led by the Afghan National Army and supported by US airpower and various non-state groups and militias.
Anti-IS actions in rural areas without being able to contain militants' retreats is allowing for the group to continue a game of 'whack-a-mole', disappearing from the site of one attack to reappear in another
The Taliban in Nangarhar are also known to have worked alongside local militias and , reportedly in some cases the ANA, to coordinate attacks and dislodge IS-K, the local franchise of the armed network founded in Iraq and Syria.
Just three months after the US dropped the "Mother Of All Bombs" on IS-K and intensified their operations to dislodge them from rural areas including Achin, Shinwar, Khogyani, Kot and other areas in eastern Nangarhar province, IS-K is still proving its capacity to wreak violence and terror.
It is a matter of grave concern for Afghan security forces and citizens - an alliance of militaries and paramilitaries carrying out anti-IS actions in rural areas without being able to contain militants' retreats is allowing for the group to continue a game of "whack-a-mole", disappearing from the site of one attack to reappear in another.
Failing to contain their movements leaves Afghanistan's major cities vulnerable to IS-K attacks.
"It's also important to note the group's actions, although falling in line with their overall strategy of destabilising the Afghan government and proliferating sectarianism, IS-Khorasan's [latest] attack seems to be the group's first 'internationalist' act in solidarity with IS as a global network," remarked one Afghan intelligence official who asked to remain anonymous.
"They've attacked embassies before, along with other government and civilian targets - their motivations are mainly to recreate chaos and destabilise the country, but this is the first action of this motivation, I believe... It's too soon to see whether this is a campaign or a one-off attack in response to IS losses in Iraq".
But Jawed Kohistani, a Kabul-based security analyst, drew a more direct line. "To avenge its defeat in Iraq, Islamic State and its supporters attacked the Iraqi embassy in Kabul," he stated.
I swear to God, not even the Russians were like this
From its inception, IS-K's brutality rang alarm bells among locals. Initially presenting themselves as refugees, IS-K members spread out in areas of Achin and Shinwar, districts bordering Pakistan in Nangarhar province, and began to convince locals they would push out the Taliban from the region. Once IS-K had established a foothold, they brought greater oppression than any locals had seen before.
"I swear to God, not even the Russians were like this," one Shinwar resident told The New Arab.
Borhan Osman of the Afghan Analyst Network claims the group splintered off from the Pakistani Taliban (TTP).
"The IS fighters who pioneered the Khorasan franchise of the IS were Pakistani militants who had long been settled in the southeastern districts of Nangarhar, in the Spin Ghar mountains or its foothills, bordering the tribal agencies on the Pakistani side of the Durand Line," he said.
Anand Gopal, a journalist and author, said back in 2015 that a media "obsession" with the development of IS in Iraq and Syria, allowed IS-K to develop rapidly.
"There's been increased dissatisfaction among certain elements of the Taliban, and with the media talking about ISIS all the time and the Afghan government playing up the idea of ISIS as a way of keeping the United States interested, all of that sort of set the ground for the groups to rebrand themselves," he told PBS.
Accusations were made by the former governor of Paktika, Abdul Karim Mateen, which were later pushed to the public's attention by the deputy speaker of parliament, Haji Abdul Zaheer Qadeer - that President Ashraf Ghani's national security advisor, Mohammed Hanif Atmar, had been secretly funding and propping up the local Islamic State group wilyat.
The Ghani administration promised to investigate the allegations but has yet to release any information.
In 2015, there was a brief moment where local forces - both state and non-state armed groups - coordinated against IS-K to great success, but were denied support by the US military.
The distrust between the US and some of those leading the efforts against IS in Afghanistan, including Haji Zaheer Qadeer - a former senior figure in the Northern Alliance - led to the expansion of IS into other regions of Afghanistan.
In a 2015 interview with Qadeer at his fortified family compound in Sorkrod, Nangarhar, he told this reporter that "his men" had dealt major blows to the IS-K network's operations. "They were surrounded and their supply lines were cut," he said. "Another couple of months and they would have been wiped out."
There was direct communication and coordination happening between local [Taliban] militias and ANA forces when were fighting against [IS-K]... we were back to being brothers
The government led by Ashraf Ghani was critical of his efforts, claiming he was looking to usurp power in Nangarhar. The accusations continued against Qadeer for weeks while the government planned a way to take over anti-IS efforts in eastern Afghanistan.
A Taliban official told this reporter "there was direct communication and coordination happening between local militias and ANA forces when were fighting against [IS-K]". The official said he had been hopeful at the time that their joint anti-IS efforts would lead to greater unity: "There was a feeling that we were back to being brothers, although we always were."
Government and media reports of IS-K losses in the past year appear to indicate that the group has been severely weakened. As reported recently, proving any of the claims made by the US military or Afghan government have been difficult if not impossible to verify.
The commander of US Forces in Afghanistan, General John Nicholson, said in a July statement: "This operation is another success in our campaign to defeat ISIS-K in Afghanistan in 2017. Abu Sayed is the third ISIS-K emir we have killed in the last year and we will continue until they are annihilated. There is no safe haven for ISIS-K in Afghanistan."
Nicholson was referring to Hafiz Sayed Khan, who was killed in 2016, and Abdul Hasib, who was killed this April.
Donald Trump, for his part, has stayed true to his plan to "bomb the sh*t" out of IS - with the US military dropping at least 1,634 bombs on Afghanistan in the first six months of 2017 - a 65 percent increase from the same time last year, according to the US Air Force's own figures.
One of those was the "Mother Of All Bombs", experimentally used in Achin district of Nangarhar province to dislodge the group - which appears to have had little effect.
If IS-K loses its footing in rural areas in Nangarhar, the group will likely simply reappear elsewhere and continue to operate in areas like Afghanistan's supposed "safe" cities, as we have just seen in Kabul.
Mohammed Harun Arsalai is an independent journalist and political activist from the Bay Area of California, and co-founder of the independent media project, Documenting Afghanistan. Currently based in his native Afghanistan, Mohammed's recent work focuses on refugees, the War on Terror, and militant groups operating inside Afghanistan.
Follow him on Twitter: @ArsalaiH
Thorin Oakenshield... femThorin Oakenshield
The one of the big series with the cros dwarves, Bilbo and Gandalf.
P.S. For oddball.Referring to Tolkien - he writes that dwarfs-women can be easily mistaken for young gnomes, because they don't have beards. They live in seclusion and rarely come out of cave dwellings, so few people saw them. He also mentions that dwarfs-women are less than men and marry for dwarfs - rare luck . Gimli really was something to brag about) most famous dwarf-woman - Dis, other names I can not remember. Dwarves themselves very love to tell about bearded women, but I think part of their racial folklore) Gimli, in the second part of "The Lord of the Rings " tells a similar to riders of Rohan, barely restraining the saddle. And all around laughing, knowing full well that Gimli jokes to entertain them .And in the world of the Elder Edda, from women's beards, cat's steps noise, the voices of fish, the roots of the mountains and the birds saliva was shackled chain wolf Fenrir. Since women do not have beards, cat steps silent,no voice in fish, etc. There were meant to women of all races, not just dwarfs (c) N. Karpova
About the Album
We started Come Wind in 2009, and ever since the beginning, we've wanted to make a full length album. Over the course of the last few years, we've had quite a bit come our way. Certainly, as with anything, we've had our ups and downs, we had our victories and struggles; however, everything we've been through has brought us to this moment: it's time to make a full length record.
We've been writing songs for well over a year now, and we finally feel confident that we have the best ones ready to make into an album. We've been an independent band from the beginning. The two records we've previously released have been both musical and financial labors of love. We've never had an industry dollar behind anything we've done. What we have had each step of the way is loyal fan support for every endeavor we've ever attempted, and it's that support we're reaching out to now. Song after song, show after show, year after year we've been blown away by how much all of you care about this band. We are so thankful for each of you, and we're asking for your help. We feel like the songs for this record are the best we've ever written, and we want each of you to have a part in getting them out there.
We were overwhelmed by your response to our campaign for Grow My Roots. Everything we needed was funded, and even more so. It was such an encouragement to see people with their kickstarter specific shirts on, or to meet each of you that came to the last b-sides show. We've tried to come up with even better rewards this time. Hopefully you can find a tier you feel comfortable donating at, and one that will reward you with a gift you'll be proud of for years to come. We'd like to extend our heartfelt thanks to each of you for even taking the time to check this project out.
Check out each of the tiers on the right side of this project. Please don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions about anything here.
Thank you.
Aaron, Ben, Jon, Tal, & Trevor
Budget Breakdown
If you guys are anything like us, you tend to be a little bit of a skeptic when it comes to kickstarter.
We understand completely that our goal is a high number. To help put it into perspective, we've listed some numbers from our budget that may help ease your mind about why we chose that number. Below you'll find what we actually paid for our last EP and what we have budgeted for the hopeful full-length coming.
Grow My Roots (Previous EP):
tracking/ mixing/ producer: $4000
mastering: $450
duplication: $1200
album art: $500
2 music videos/ promotion: $2800
travel/ lodging: $800
Total: $9750
New 2015 Full-length:
tracking/ mixing/ producer: $10,000 (twice the amount of songs & different producer)
mastering: $825 (twice the amount of songs)
duplication: $1000
Album art: $300
2 music videos/ promotion: $2800
travel/ lodging: $800
Total: $15725
In case you are confused, the budget listed is actually more than our kickstarter is asking. That's because we will hope to, by the time the album comes out, have some of our own money to work with to help with music videos, and any promotion that comes afterward. In addition, you'll find that a few areas of our budget have been trimmed in an effort to save money.
If you've followed us for a while, you might be thinking: But wait. If that's how much your last album cost, why was your previous kickstarter so small? The answer is that we were young and inexperienced and didn't do a budget. While we feel very blessed to have done that album, that year, as a result of poor planning, was financially the most stressful year of our lives. Bills barely got paid, and intense sacrifices were made as we funded our album out of each of our bank accounts. Because of that, we were unable to tour as much as we would have liked, and personally struggled to maintain financial stability.
Hopefully, this clears up any confusion with our budget. If you have ANY questions, please message us, and we would be happy to help! We want to be completely honest with you guys, as we are doing this album together.
Boogeymen are everywhere these days, if you believe the conservatives' Perpetual Paranoia Machine. A few years ago, WorldNetDaily and the American Family Association warned that Barney the Dinosaur was trying to "surreptitiously indoctrinate young children into [homosexuals'] lifestyle." Then, Fox News' Bill O'Reilly warned that "secular progressives" were waging a "War on Christmas" and pressing the "legalization of narcotics, euthanasia, abortion at will [and] gay marriage." Now, schools are busy banning books for their "filthy" messages, while Fox and Friends warns that SpongeBob is leading a sinister plot to convert kids to Al Gore's eco-crusade.
Welcome to America at the edge of insanity, where even the most innocuous items are now considered diabolical threats to the culture.
Exceptions like "Slaughterhouse Five" aside, the products that generate the most manufactured outrage and hysteria today tend to be new — puppets, celebrities' vanity tomes, cartoons and other detritus in our cultural waste dump. However, it stands to reason that if the same Perpetual Paranoia Machine applied its standards of manufactured outrage across the board, it would end up targeting many of the most long-standing "American" symbols for elimination.
Pondering which of those symbols is an important thought experiment — it locates our relative position on the psychological map, telling us just how extreme our sociopathy is at this moment of chaos. So without further ado, here are the top 10 most universally "American" symbols that would be labeled as seditious, unpatriotic anti-American agitprop if they had been first introduced today.
10. The Collected Works of Dr. Seuss
SPONSORED
For most of the last half-century, being a kid meant reading and loving the collected works of Theodor Seuss Geisel — aka Dr. Seuss. Think back to your earliest years, and you are likely to recall Geisel's legendary catalog. His works are as integral to American childhood as fireworks on July 4 — and thankfully, Geisel published his books before the advent of Fox News. For if this New Deal liberal had published them today, they would likely be burned in televised Tea Party rallies.
For example, 1957's "How the Grinch Stole Christmas" — which criticizes the commercialization of the holiday season — would be held up by Bill O'Reilly as an example of the vicious War on Christmas. Likewise, 1971's "The Lorax," which is a parable about the downsides of hyper-industrialization and environmental degradation, would be at least as viciously denigrated as Al Gore's "Inconvenient Truth." And had 1984's "The Butter Battle Book" been introduced during the "War on Terror," it would have gotten Dr. Seuss put on a no-fly list and labeled a seditious, al-Qaida-loving traitor.
9. The Golden Rule
Treat others as you would want them to treat you. This idea, which undergirds the concept of human rights, is as old as organized religion, and is a proud basis for America's dominant Judeo-Christian traditions. In the Old Testament, scripture says to "love thy neighbor as thyself," while New Testament says "Do to others as you would have them do to you" — and we teach this to kids at the earliest age.
But had someone published these words for the first time today, that person would seem like a radical left-wing ideologue. After all, America is a country whose definition of "class warfare" is making the rich pay the same tax rates as everyone else. It is a nation that gets angry at leaders who suggest redistributing some of the wealth.
In the context of that me-first-screw-everyone-else culture, and in the context of drone warfare, rendition, torture, warrantless wiretapping, Wall Street predation and budget cuts to social services, the Golden Rule would be vilified as a Marxist idiom — and its proponents would, at best, be depicted as coffeehouse communists who refuse to live in the real world. More likely, they'd be attacked as unpatriotically justifying blowback against the United States for our military actions across the world.
8. The South Carolina State Flag
Though you wouldn't know it from the every-presidential-campaign-year brouhaha over the flying of the Confederate stars and bars, South Carolina's state flag happens to be a crescent moon flying over a palm tree. This design is rooted in pure, chest-thumpingly proud Americana, having something to do with the Revolutionary War, the Stamp Act and a military official named William Moultrie. But had it been a new design proposed today, South Carolina would likely be accused by conservatives of trying to create a terrorist cell in the heart of Dixie.
Take a look at South Carolina's flag next to, say, Saudi Arabian iconographyand you see that it's a flag that could easily double up as the national symbol of an Islamic country in a Middle Eastern desert. The crescent moon, of course, is an Islamic symbol already featured on many Muslim nations' flags, and the palm tree has long been a symbol of an oasis in a Sahara-like desert.
No doubt, South Carolinians would vehemently deny the charge that its flag suggests any kind of tolerance for Muslims. This is a state that seems totally psyched about its long heritage of bigotry — a state that continues to fly symbols of slavery on its public grounds. But there's little doubt that outfits like WorldNetDaily would make the same Islamophobic claims about the South Carolina flag that it's made about other public symbols.
7. The Statue of Liberty
As any elementary school trip to New York City teaches, the Statue of Liberty is a symbol of warmly welcoming the world's refugees to America. Indeed, Lady Liberty is so synonymous with a pro-immigration stand, she is the home of a famous plaque memorializing the 1883 poem, "The New Colossus," which says, "Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free."
Yet, had this statue been first erected today with the same message, it would generate an orgiastic anti-immigrant protest that would make last year's Park51 pandemonium look tame. With talk of building walls at the border and with mass deportations of undocumented workers on the rise, this age of xenophobia would have zero tolerance for any kind of state-sanctioned sculpture enthusiastically welcoming the world's "wretched refuse" and "the homeless, tempest-tost."
6. Labor Day
Try to imagine an America without Labor Day. Then, try to imagine a modern-day president of the United States signing a bill creating a national holiday to honor unions — and try to imagine that bill being seen as a necessary election-year compromise.
Most likely, you can't imagine this, even though this is exactly what happened in 1894 when President Grover Cleveland signed such a measure as a peace offering after he deployed federal troops to violently crush the Pullman strikes. You can't imagine this, because a president today wouldn't merely be lambasted for considering such a national holiday — he'd probably be impeached for treason in a nation that now euphorically celebrates ever more vicious attacks on organized labor and makes political folk heroes out of union-busting governors.
Labor Day today, of course, involves national festivities that (outside of the day's union events) all but avoid mentioning organized labor. If the holiday is celebrated at all, it is celebrated as the last gasp of summer fun — and nothing more. But the history of the holiday, though buried and willfully ignored, reminds us of just how impossible it would be to legislate such a quintessentially American day in the 21st century.
5. "This Land Is My Land" and "We Are the World"
Woodie Guthrie's "This Land Is Your Land" is one of those iconic summer camp jingles regularly bellowed out by kids roasting marshmallows around the fire. It teaches children those universal lessons about sharing and inclusion. Which is why it would be excoriated as a subliminal plot against capitalism had it first come out today.
Think about it: Had Guthrie first released his ditty in 2011, rather than in 1945, it would surely become the top target of the arch-conservative private-property-rights movement in America. Guthrie would be promptly accused of being a land "redistributionist" looking to wage a Marxist holy war on the very concept of ownership. The protest signs at his record label's offices — which would inevitably become bumper stickers — would be red-white-and-blue-themed placards, reading: "This Land is My Land, NOT Your Land."
4. Bert and Ernie
America has never been a particularly gay-friendly nation, so it's a miracle that Bert and Ernie were ever allowed on television in the first place. But they've been there consistently since 1969.
And yet, had the Children's Television Workshop waited a few years more to introduce the pair to America's kids, they probably would have faced a much more hostile reception. Modern-day America is a nation whoseleading right-wing Christian groups now insist that anti-bullying laws promote homosexuality among children. Can you imagine what that same right-wing Christian movement would do to a child-focused puppet show about two adult men cohabiting in the same bedroom? Of course, Bert and Ernie are clearly depicted as sleeping in separate beds (and, let's face it, they're puppets who, as the show's creators themselves have pointed out, are about as asexual as you can get), but that would hardly tamp down the anti-gay hysteria.
3. The Weekend
The epic struggle for a 40-hour work week in America culminated in the late 1930s with the passage of the Fair Labor Standards Act. Effectively, this legislatively cemented the contemporary concept known as the American Weekend.
Today, though, such a law probably could never be passed. With corporations dominating our politics so completely, and with the United States now in a race-to-the-bottom competition with slave-labor countries, the notion of a weekend — had it not already existed — would likely be cited by lobbyists and by Rupert Murdoch's attack machine as yet another ultraliberal scheme to help lazy layabout workers live a life of undue luxury. Just as the indigent have been criticized as "welfare queens," so too would proponents of two-days-a-week of off-time be hammered as "weekend queens."
2. The First Amendment
The constitutional right to freely express one's opinion and to freely worship one's own religion — our First Amendment distinguishes our founding Constitution from so many other nations'. But had we not been lucky enough to get it on the books back in the 18th century, it's hard to imagine it being legislated into law today.
During the so-called War on Terror, we've seen citizens arrested and jailedfor daring to stage public protests, media-backed mobs try to prevent Islamic cultural centers from being erected, presidential candidates insist that communities can outlaw places of worship, and a president target an American citizen for assassination (without charge) for the "crime" of speech. Likewise, as corporate media conglomerates have risen to prominence, we've seen political messages censored off the publicly owned airwaves.
In this cauldron, had a group of legislators proposed a constitutional amendment guaranteeing a right to freedom of speech and freedom of religion where one did not yet exist, those same forces would undoubtedly align those lawmakers, accusing them of making common cause with terrorists.
1. The Holy Bible
Often touted as the catechism for right-wing religious politics, the Holy Bible is the ultimate American bestseller, appearing everywhere in our country. It's in our churches, our bookstores, our libraries and our motel desk drawers. But had the Good Book first been published today, it's hard to imagine it not being the target of a censorship campaign by Fox News, which would bill it as a new and dangerous Communist Manifesto.
You see, when you actually read the Bible (rather than making selective political reference to it as so many often do), you find that it is filled with passages echoing progressive liberation theology, from "the meek shall inherit the earth" to its diatribes against usury. Additionally, one of its central characters seems to have anti-capitalist tendencies. As reported by the Washington Post's Gregory Paul:
Jesus is no free marketeer. Improving one's earthly financial circumstances is not nearly as critical as preparing for the end times that will arrive at any minute. He does offer substantial encouragement for the poor, and warns the wealthy that they are in grave danger of blowing their prospects of reaching paradise, as per the metaphor of a rich person entering heaven being as difficult as a camel passing through the eye of the needle…
To understand just how non-capitalistic Christianity is supposed to be we turn to the first chapter after the gospels, Acts, which describes the events of the early church. Chapters 2 and 4 state that all "the believers were together and had everything in common. Selling their possessions and goods, they gave to anyone as he had need … No one claimed that any of his possessions was his own, but they shared everything they had … There were no needy persons among them. From time to time those who owned lands or houses sold them, brought the money from the sales and put it at the apostles feet, and it was distributed to anyone as he had need."
Now folks, that's outright socialism of the type described millennia later by Marx — who likely got the general idea from the gospels.
Paul is exactly right — and only because the Bible is a few thousand years removed from its first publication run is it allowed to remain immune from the wrath of the Right Wing Hate Machine.
Chico >> A Chico man was arrested Sunday after the police said he unintentionally fired his rifle, striking a 4-year-old in the leg who was playing in a neighboring yard.
Ronald Cameron, 22, was cleaning his .22-caliber rifle about 5:50 p.m. in the 2600 block of Lobo Way when his finger “brushed up against the trigger causing the rifle to discharge a round into the back fence,” according to a press release issued by the Chico Police Department.
The round struck the child in an adjacent backyard on La Bella Court, according to the release. The child, who was hit in the upper leg, was taken to Enloe Medical Center for treatment.
The child suffered non-life threatening injuries and was later released from the hospital.
Cameron, who police said was not initially aware that his errant round had hit anyone, was arrested on suspicion of negligent discharge of a firearm, according to the release. His rifle was also seized.
Robert Reich: Democrats enable the super rich The former secretary of labor explains why the party is to blame for one our most destructive tax loopholes
Your message has been sent successfully
In Washington's coming budget battles, sacred cows like the tax deductions for home mortgage interest and charitable donations are likely to be on the table along with potential cuts to Social Security and Medicare.
But no one on Capitol Hill believes Wall Street's beloved carried-interest tax loophole will be touched.
Advertisement:
Don't blame the newly elected Republican Congress.
Democrats didn't repeal the loophole when they ran both houses of Congress from January 2009 to January 2011. And the reason they didn't has a direct bearing on the future of the party.
First, let me explain why this loophole is the most flagrant of all giveaways to the super-rich.
Carried interest allows hedge-fund and private-equity managers, as well as many venture capitalists and partners in real estate investment trusts, to treat their take of the profits as capital gains — taxed at maximum rate of 23.8 percent instead of the 39.6 percent maximum applied to ordinary income.
It's a pure scam. They get the tax break even though they invest other peoples' money rather than risk their own.
The loophole has no economic justification. As one private-equity manager told me recently, “I can't defend it. No one can.”
Advertisement:
It's worth about $11 billion a year — more than enough to extend unemployment benefits to every one of America's nearly 3 million long-term unemployed.
The hedge-fund, private-equity, and other fund managers who receive this $11 billion are some of the richest people in America.Forbes lists 46 billionaires who have derived most of their wealth from managing hedge funds. Mitt Romney used the carried-interest loophole to help limit his effective tax rate in 2011 to 13.9 percent.
So why didn't Democrats close it when they ran Congress?
Actually, in 2010 House Democrats finally squeaked through a tax plan that did close the carried-interest loophole, but the Democratically-controlled Senate wouldn't go along.
Senator Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.), one of those who argued against closing it, said the U.S. “shouldn't do anything” to “make it easier for capital and ideas to flow to London or anywhere else.” As if Wall Street needed an $11 billion annual bribe to stay put.
Advertisement:
To find the real reason Democrats didn't close the loophole, follow the money. Wall Street is one of the Democratic party's biggest contributors.
The Street donated $49.1 million to Democrats in 2010, according to the non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics. Hedge-fund managers alone accounted for $5.88 million of the total. Schumer and a few other influential Democrats were among the industry's major beneficiaries.
Wall Street has continued to be generous to Democrats (as well as to Republicans).
Advertisement:
The Democrats' unwillingness to close the carried-interest loophole when they could also go some way to explaining why, almost six years after Wall Street's near meltdown, the Obama administration has done so little to rein in the Street.
Wall Street's biggest banks are far bigger now than they were then, yet they still have no a credible plan for winding down their operations if they get into trouble.
The Dodd-Frank Act, designed to prevent another Wall Street failure, has been watered down so much it's slush. There's been no move to resurrect the Glass-Steagall Act separating investment banking from commercial banking.
Advertisement:
Not a single Wall Street executive has been prosecuted for his involvement in the frauds that caused the mess.
Wall Street was the fourth-largest contributor to Barack Obama's presidential campaign in 2008, and is already gearing up for Hillary Clinton's 2016 run.
Hedge-fund and private-equity managers are donating generously to Prioritize USA Action, a super PAC dedicated to getting her elected.
The hedge fund Renaissance Technologies has contributed $4 million to date. D.E. Shaw, another fund, has donated over $1 million. Khosla Ventures and Soros Fund Management have donated $1 million each.
Advertisement:
Many Wall Street financiers have donated $25,000 (intended to be the maximum contribution) to the Ready for Hillary superPAC.
Robert Wolf, the former president of UBS' investment bank who now has his own advisory boutique, told “Politico” that six in ten Wall Street types are Democrats, and that “when and if she decides to run, [Hillary Clinton is] going to have an incredible support foundation from Wall Street.”
Just because a candidate takes Wall Street money doesn't mean he or she is beholden to the Street.
But the reason Democrats have pulled their punches with the financial sector for years is because it's hard to punch the hand that feeds you.
Advertisement:
This must stop. America can't tackle widening inequality without confronting the power and privilege lying behind it.
If the Democratic party doesn't lead the charge, who will?
MMORPG: It's been a long time coming that people found out how you're going to handle Stealth in CU. What've you learned from time spent on DAoC and WAR, to help influence your decisions with Camelot Unchained?
Mark Jacobs: First, I wanted to build a stealth mechanic that is geared to the RvR focus of Camelot Unchained, one that gives stealthers the ability to play a major role in the game. Second, I wanted to design a system that rewarded solo play stealthers while discouraging roaming groups of them since in a game like CU, where we want players of all levels in RvR, their impact could be substantial. Third, I dislike the movement slowdown of some stealther implementations because that gets old fast. Finally, I wanted to see if I could design something that will be both fun for the stealthers and not incredibly frustrating for their victims. I also looked at the implementation of the mechanic in every MMORPG I've played and a few others that I didn't.
advertisement advertisement
MMORPG: What's the most important part of getting stealth right in an MMO, by your measure?
Mark Jacobs: Balancing the needs of the many not to get constantly killed by the stealthing of the few?
MMORPG: How will you avoid the major pratfalls, as you see them, of stealth in MMOs?
Mark Jacobs: I'm not sure I will avoid them yet. I certainly think that the use of the Veil will limit some of the problems with how stealth has been implemented over the decades, but I also have to find a way to deal with the other problems. At the same time, I need to make stealthers a lot of fun to play, or else we're spending way too much time and resources on a class that won't have enough support and impact on the game.
MMORPG: Let's talk about the Veil in CU, and how it relates to stealth, for those who haven't been following the game's lore. Can you give us an overview?
Mark Jacobs: Happy to do so! The Veil is a living, sentient being that exists between our world and that of the Emissaries. When it was pierced, power poured through from the other side, and it was both increased and changed by the anger of the Veil. This piercing created the Veilstorms that devastated the previous world but at the same time brought forth a new one.
MMORPG: How does it work with the first of two stealth-focused classes: the VeilWalker?
Mark Jacobs: Veilwalkers have the ability to enter the Veil and move through it as we do through our world. They can do this at full speed and have special abilities that are geared to attacking, surviving and working within it. As they progress in their knowledge of the Veil, they also learn how to summon its defenses to work for them, and they can then direct them at other Veilwalkers or even Veilstalkers.
MMORPG: It kind of reminds me of how Peter Jackson represented the world of Middle-earth when Frodo wears the Ring. Is this kind of the style you're looking for?
Mark Jacobs: Think of a combination of that and what we did with Aliens Online back at Mythic Entertainment. Back then, I wanted to make the experience of the player different based on whether you were a Colonial Marine or an Alien, so I pitched the red filter to Rob Denton, and he made it work. As to Frodo, that was absolutely part of the inspiration for this idea.
MMORPG: Will there be different beings or other threats to VW's when they're stealthed?
Mark Jacobs: Absolutely. Being in the Veil is going to be dangerous for a Veilwalker in the beginning. Nobody will call this class “easy mode”, “cowardly” or anything like that. Our walkers will face attack any time they are inside, whether from the Veil itself, other walkers or Veilstalkers. Being a Veilwalker will be anything but easy, especially since some of the Veil's defenses are not PvE in the traditional sense, but will still attack the Veilwalker. The only way to defeat them is to learn to control them, and that will take time, perseverance and pain.
MMORPG: What do you think will be this class' key strengths on the battlefield, then?
Mark Jacobs: Within the Veil, these folks will be deadly. They will learn how to move faster inside it, which will make them useful, in some ways, as scouts, but due to the distortion of the Veil, they might not see what's truly in the world in front of them. They will be very useful in sieges of forts, keeps, etc. as they can learn to move through certain obstacles and/or levitate above them. They can also be used to distract an enemy's formation if they go undetected.
MMORPG: Let's shift gears and talk a bit about the VeilStalker then. These guys hunt the VW's…tell us how.
Mark Jacobs: The Veilstalkers are a support class except when it comes to Veilwalkers. They can lay down defenses against Veilwalkers, detect them when they are close, and reach within the Veil to attack them, but cannot actually enter it. They can also point the Veil's defenses toward a Veilwalker to attack it. They are all magic users who have sworn their loyalty both to their realm and also to prevent the Veil from becoming enraged again. They are not mirrored across the realms, but they do all believe that keeping the Veil nice and calm is a good idea.
MMORPG: How will the two classes interact with the Veil, then? Will this interaction be noticeable from the other classes' viewpoint, or will it be a sort of shadow war all their own?
Mark Jacobs: As far as it being noticeable, I expect it will be, especially as power passes into and out of the Veil. There will definitely be more than a bit of shadow war at work here, but both classes also have abilities outside of their interaction with the Veil. However, they are stronger when dealing with Veil-related abilities.
MMORPG: Is there anything else we didn't touch on in the blog, you want to share with folks here regarding Stealth in Camelot Unchained?
Mark Jacobs: As I've talked about since the day we announced Camelot Unchained, I have no interest in simply re-creating the past. I want to take risks with this game and the Veilwalker/Veilstalker idea is the embodiment of that desire. Trying to do this in a single-player game would be difficult enough, but aiming to implement it an RvR-focused MMORPG is really BSC - or as one person said, DSC as in Dragon S*** Crazy. I just hope there are enough stealthers and players who like to kill them who want to support this bit of madness.
The Michael family have left Gogglebox because the dad is standing as a UKIP candidate in next year's general election.
Channel 4 have confirmed Andrew, Carolyne, Louis and Alex, from Brighton, will no longer appear on the show.
The family have been on the programme since it began in March 2013.
"Mr Michael has confirmed his proposed candidacy as a UKIP MP," Channel 4 told Newsbeat.
"Sadly any Gogglebox cast member who becomes a candidate for a political party will have to step down from their involvement in Gogglebox.
"It's with great regret that the Michaels are no longer in the show.
"They have been excellent contributors to Gogglebox, and we are very grateful for all they have given to the show."
Speaking to Newsbeat, Alex Michael said: "We sat down as a family and we discussed it at length, either we stay on Gogglebox and my Dad doesn't accept his position or he accepts the position and we can no longer be on the show."
Alex said she is gutted to be leaving the show and would have liked to have stayed on until the end of this series.
She said she fully supports her dad: "It was a hobby for him to begin with and it turns out that he was good at what he was doing and people really liked him.
"I'm proud of my dad to have got to where he is and we will be fully supporting him in his political endeavours from now on".
Mum Carolyne tweeted: "We've loved every min of our involvement. It's the best show on TV & I want to thank everyone for their wonderful support - we'll miss u."
Andrew will stand for the UKIP and contest the East Sussex seat of Hastings and Rye.
That seat is held by a Conservative MP.
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
OAK BROOK, Illinois – In celebration of September as National Literacy Month, McDonald's USA is inviting families to celebrate the joy of reading with the launch of the latest Happy Meal Books promotion.
Happy Meal Books will return to restaurants nationwide from September 5-18 helping spread the gift of reading to families across the U.S.
In celebration of its 200th anniversary, HarperCollins Publishers, one of the leading publishers of children's books, is joining forces with McDonald's USA to bring families a collection of four Happy Meal-sized books featuring popular titles – “Pete the Cat's Got Class” by James Dean, “Amelia Bedelia's First Day of School” by Herman Parish, “Just A School Project” by Mercer Mayer and “If You Take a Mouse to School” by Laura Numeroff. Books are available in English and, in select restaurants, in Spanish.
“HarperCollins is pleased to be part of McDonald's Happy Meal Books promotion again this year to place beloved books in the hands of millions of children,” says Suzanne Murphy, president and publisher, HarperCollins Children's Books.
“Reading has a profound impact on the educational development of a child and through this program along with our donation to Reading is Fundamental, we hope to make book ownership for children more accessible,” Murphy added.
McDonald's is also a proud supporter of Reading is Fundamental (RIF), the nation's largest children's literacy organization, which seeks to promote literacy by making it easier for children throughout the country to have access to interesting, captivating reading materials.
By 2018, McDonald's will have donated approximately 400,000 books from the Happy Meal Books promotions to RIF literacy efforts and programs across the country.
“McDonald's partnership with RIF is a celebration of the power and joy of families reading together,' said Beth Meyer, chief marketing officer of Reading Is Fundamental. “Six out of 10 low-income families still have no age-appropriate books in their homes, so providing children with books coupled with supplemental literacy resources they need to achieve their full potential has never been more important.”
McDonald's Happy Meal Book promotion is among a list of the company's actions supporting a commitment to promote children's well-being by inspiring kids to engage in active and imaginative play in a fun way and help develop a sense of community.
This announcement follows a number of changes McDonald's has made to its Happy Meal including:
“As we continue to raise the bar for our customers, we're excited to add to the fun of the Happy Meal experience by inspiring more family time together,” said Julie Wenger, senior director of U.S. marketing at McDonald's. “We're proud to partner with HarperCollins and Reading is Fundamental and invite families to spread the joy of reading through these fun, classic books in our Happy Meals.”
Research by the American Academy of Pediatrics shows that reading daily to young children stimulates early brain development and helps build key language, literacy and social skills.
Through McDonald's partnership with RIF, families can extend learning after reading “Pete the Cat's Got Class”, “Amelia Bedelia's First Day of School”, “Just A School Project” and “If You Take a Mouse to School” through Literacy Central.
This new, free digital portal, will feature lesson plans, puzzles, activities, and leveled reading passages designed to help build literacy development in children with a focus on the books from the Happy Meal Books program.
For more information about Happy Meal Books, visit www.McDonald's.com.
Read Next
PROVIDENCE, R.I. -- Two voters who were born during the Coolidge administration report that the parking lot at their polling place Tuesday was too far for them to walk.
“I couldn't vote,” says John Capuano, 90. “I wanted to vote, but I can't vote because I couldn't get into the building.”
He said he has been voting for 75 years and never missed casting a ballot until this year. Normally on Election Day, he parks right outside the door to Mount Pleasant High School, walks in and votes.
But polling places are consolidated during presidential primaries. Capuano and his wife, Gloria, 89, were moved to Capitol Ridge retirement home, where they had to park behind the building.
“It's about 400 feet, 500 feet,” John said. “I can't walk that far.”
Gloria, who also couldn't make it into the building, said, “My husband and I are kind of split.”
One was going to vote for Hillary Clinton, the other for Bernie Sanders.
Bob Rapoza, director of elections at the state Board of Elections, which oversees polling places, could not be reached immediately for comment.
-With reports from Jacqueline Tempera
SPRINGFIELD — While some city residents were enjoying a weekend highlighted by a bright Supermoon and the successful Springfield Jazz and Roots Festival, others found themselves involved in spats of violence that kept first responders and doctors at the Bay State Medical Center busy.
The city's 9th homicide of the year took place Saturday around 5 p.m. when police arrived at William DeBerry Elementary School on Union Street in the city's Old Hill neighborhood to investigate after a Shotspotter activation and 911 calls. The victim, 26-year-old city resident Lamar P. Kelly, was found with a single gunshot wound and was, according to police, in possession of a bag of white powder thought to be cocaine weighing approximately 53 grams.
Kelly was taken to Baystate Medical Center where he was pronounced dead and police are looking for a small gray Honda which was seen speeding off around the time of the shooting.
The shooting, according to police, is not believed to be a random attack.
Another shooting with a victim took place around 4 a.m. Sunday at a house party in an apartment near the intersection of Orange and Palm streets. Police report that an officer on patrol heard the gunshot coming from an apartment at 403 Orange St. in the lower Forest park neighborhood that left a man injured on the back porch of the residence.
Although police and a K-9 unit chased the suspect, described as a dark-haired male in his 20s, wearing white pants and a black shirt, he avoided being arrested. The victim was taken to Baystate Medical Center where he was expected to live following emergency surgery.
Several unrelated stabbings reported on Saturday and early Sunday morning also left victims in their wake.
Just after 1 a.m. in the area near Stearns Square in the city's downtown area, a clash between two groups of men left at least two victims needing medical attention.
Police reported that one victim was found in a parking lot on Worthington Street across from the Fat Cat Bar and Grill around 1:18 a.m. That man had stab wounds to the back and the back of his neck and was rushed to the hospital by ambulance.
A second victim was initially walking away until stopped by police and also sent to the hospital via ambulance. An update on the conditions of the men wasn't immediately available Sunday morning.
Police are reviewing surveillance video from the area and the investigation is ongoing as no arrests have been reported.
Another stabbing was reported just before 3 a.m. at a house on Farragut Street in East Springfield. Initial reports from the scene indicated a male victim was stabbed four times, but the extent of his injuries wasn't immediately known.
Police are still investigating each of the aforementioned incidents and anyone with information is asked to call the Springfield Police Detective Bureau at (413) 787-6355. Those who wish to remain anonymous may text a tip via a cell phone by addressing a text message to "CRIMES," or "274637," and then beginning the body of the message with the word "SOLVE."
The first consumer edition of the Samsung Gear VR is barely back on shelves and the company is already preparing itself for the next generation. Over the weekend, SlashGear released a reported leak of the company's newest phone the Galaxy S7, including it's reported specs.
The newest phone appears to have a number of improvements to the display and internal hardware, but does not appear to include a rumored dual camera design on the back – something that Oculus CTO John Carmack has said would help with one of the biggest technical hurdles for mobile VR, positional tracking. Despite this the improvements on the phone signal one that is more ready for VR than the current generation.
Let's start with the display. The current Samsung Galaxy S6 display is 1440 x 2560 but, according to the report, may improve to a 1440 x 2650 display. This slight increase is likely only be a misinterpretation of the numbers in the original report or simply a typo.
While the display may be the focus for many, it actually is of lesser importance than the increase in the phone's processing power. The current Samsung Galaxy S6 has a Quad-Core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 processor, along with a Mali-T760MP8 GPU. These provide good performance for VR, but a number of apps actually have to scale their resolution down below the phone's full display capabilities to keep up. That should no longer be the case with the reported Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 and Samsung Exynos 8890 powering the device, both of which offer a significant upgrade in the processing power over the previous generation of chipsets moving from quad-core to octa-core.
Additionally, those of you who are looking to record high-quality playthroughs of your Gear VR action are in luck. The Samsung Galaxy S7 is reported to have 4GB of RAM as opposed to the 3GB with the previous generation. This is the same amount of memory as the company's larger phones, the S6 Edge+ and the Note 5. Interestingly, John Carmack has said that the most recent mobile SDK includes mobile screen recording, however the feature is currently available only at a development level, with no user facing interface – yet.
Perhaps even more exciting than additional RAM is the reported return of the microSD slot for expanding storage. As someone whose S6 is currently filled to the brim with epic VR content, the ability to increase that storage is welcomed. It is also worth noting however, that the top end model appears to come with only 64GB of internal storage, half of what the previous top end model has.
We don't expect to have these details confirmed during Samsung's CES press conference on January 5th. Rather, in accordance with the company's usual pattern, we expect it to be announced officially at the Mobile World Conference in Feburary with a release likely slated for either March or April. Of course we will keep you posted on any new developments.
These leaked specs should be taken with a grain of salt, as they have not been officially confrimed by Samsung, but here is a full comparison of the S6 and S7 specs:
Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S7 Dimensions 5.65 x 2.79 x 0.27-inch 5.65 x 2.79 x 0.27-inch Display Type 5.1-inch Super-AMOLED 5.1-inch Super-AMOLED Display Resolution 1440 x 2560 1440 x 2650* PPI 577 591.37* Processor Quad-core 1.5 GHz Cortex-A53 & Quad-core 2.1 GHz Cortex-A57; (GPU) Mali-T760MP8 Qualcomm Snapdragon 820, Samsung Exynos 8890 (octa-core) RAM 3GB 4GB Camera 16 MP (Back); 5 MP (front) 20 MP (Back); 8 MP (Front) Internal Storage 32/64/128 GB 16/32/64 GB Expandable Storage No Yes, microSD
*Reported
Tagged with: mobile VR, rumors, S6, S7, samsung galaxy s7
Education experts have praised a new policy developed by Catholic schools to combat transphobic and homophobic bullying as a “terrific resource”, saying it proves the messages of the Safe Schools program are compatible with religious education.
The “safe and inclusive learning communities” policy was developed by Edmund Rice Education Australia (EREA), the education arm of the Christian Brothers, which operates more than 50 Catholic schools in Australia.
The policy states that those schools have a responsibility to provide a “safe and inclusive learning environments for all students, in particular for same-sex attracted and gender diverse young people” and argues that position is backed in scripture and by Pope Francis in his Joy of Love address in March 2016.
“Our schools have a moral and legal responsibility to ensure that each student receives an education free from discrimination and bullying irrespective of their sexual orientation and gender,” the policy states. “More importantly, Edmund Rice inspires us to give particular care to young people who might otherwise be excluded and rejected.”
The reality of Safe Schools: a more life-saving support than queer theory classroom invasion Read more
EREA's executive director, Wayne Tinsey, said the position paper was developed to “help ensure safe, inclusive school communities in which all students felt safe and protected from bullying”.
Victoria Rawlings, a lecturer in education at the University of Sydney and expert on homophobic, transphobic and sexualised bullying in schools, said the EREA position statement was a “step in the right direction” and drew from the same research as the Safe Schools Coalition, which was derided by conservatives as being extreme and incompatible with faith-based schools.
“Catholic schools, as religious organisations, are currently exempt from anti-discrimination legislation,” Rawlings told Guardian Australia. “That's important to acknowledge because contextually it means that this group of schools has been progressive in taking up a position that focuses on the wellbeing of LGBTIQ students. The crucial thing now is enacting this statement in meaningful ways that impact on school cultures that have often been exclusionary in the past.”
Rawlings said the culture of Catholic and Christian schools had not traditionally been welcoming of gender and sexually diverse students and that the schools themselves usually faced a backlash from parents and the media when they tried to address that gap.
The policy released by EREA preempts some public criticism, providing questions and answers for teachers who feel they should not be discussing gender and sexuality in schools, think the subjects are too controversial, believe there are no LGBTI students in their class, are confronted by parents with concerns it will “confuse the sexual identity of their children”, or are accused of promoting a “homosexual agenda”.
It also assured teaches they would not be fired if they came out as LGBTI.
La Trobe University's Dr Tim Jones said the position statement was “brilliant” and “should be an embarrassment to the government”, which concluded following a review of the Safe Schools Coalition in 2016 that its resources “may not be suitable for use in some faith-based schools”.
“The Catholic schools are taking that leadership where the government couldn't,” Jones said.
He said intensive criticism of Catholic schools in the royal commission into institutional responses to child sex abuse had made them more proactive about providing a child-safe environment.
“It doesn't surprise me that particularly Catholic education, that has been dealing with sexual violence of all kinds for over a decade, would be particularly motivated to reduce sexual violence in the form of bullying in schools,” Jones said. “I don't think it's a surprise that it's the Christian Brothers education which has done the most work.”
What is Safe Schools, what is changing and what are states doing? Read more
Federal funding for the Safe Schools Coalition will cease later this year.
The Safe Schools Coalition director, Craig Comrie, said the resources were intended to be adapted and applied in this way by teachers and school communities.
“The design of the program is very much similar to ours,” Comrie said. “I think this is an example that clearly we can tackle these issues in different school environments across the community and also to the fact that teachers and principals have a duty of care to provide a safe learning environment.”
ERBIL, Kurdistan Region – Kurdish lawmaker Osman Baydemir was released after being arrested at an Istanbul airport on Sunday stemming from an outstanding warrant related for “terror” charges.Baydemir, the spokesperson of the pro-Kurdish People's Democratic Party (HDP), was taken into custody in the Ataturk airport's VIP lounge on Saturday while waiting for a 6:45 p.m. flight to Hamburg, Germany, according to Turkey's Hurriyet news.Baydemir was released shortly after being taken to Bakirkoy Courthouse in Istanbul and giving a brief statement.It was not immediately clear why the MP was going to Germany.A Turkish court issued a warrant for his arrest on Thursday after Baydemir failed to attend a hearing of a court in Urfa, southeast Turkey, on charges related to terrorist propaganda stemming from a Newroz, Kurdish new year, event.Turkish authorities have arrested tens of HDP members in the past year. While many have been released after brief periods of detention, some remain in prison one year on, including the party's two co-chairs, one of whom stepped down from her position after losing her MP status because of her detention.HDP is a pro-Kurdish party that first entered the Turkish parliament in June 2015 after it secured about 13 percent of the vote, three percent higher than the electoral threshold. The party lost 31 seats after Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan called a snap election when his ruling AKP failed to form the government.The HDP denies links to the banned Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), a group that is fighting a renewed guerilla war against the Turkish government after peace talks stalled in July 2015.
I've refreshed the Hotwife Coach series with new covers and – best of all – a chance to read the first book free!
The books are available from the pink links below
Paperback Edition
From Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk and direct from Createspace.
Amazon.com ebook
First book freebie
All books
Series collection
Amazon.co.uk
First book freebie
All books
Series collection
Apple iBooks
First book freebie
All books
Series collection
Barnes and Noble Nook
First book freebie
Series collection
Kobo
First book freebie
Series collection
Inktera
First book freebie
Series collection
Intro to Book One – The Interview
Emma shares a favorite fantasy with her husband. A fantasy in which another man takes her in a way Ken never has.
Ken's a good husband, and a great provider. Their marriage is built on very strong foundations. And yet hotwife and cuckold fantasies play through both of their minds over and over. What if? But how? Making it happen might not be as simple as the fantasy suggests.
When Ken gives Emma a business card, a different set of possibilities open up to her. The possibility of being coached as a hotwife. The possibility of having someone introduce her to a new world. Perhaps, eventually, the possibility of being taken roughly and without protection.
This first book introduces Emma to Max Hatfield, Hotwife Coach. A hastily arranged interview takes Emma through some of Mr Hatfield's expectations. A thorough examination tests her in ways she hadn't imagined. And one of Mr Hatfield's colleagues is only too pleased to assist with showing Emma the pleasure that a woman can have in the hands of a real man.
Emma will eventually be able to attract the very best gentlemen on Mr Hatfield's books. But first she must submit to his rigorous interview and a very intimate inspection.
If you enjoy hotwife / cuckold stories, you'll enjoy this. Remember that you can read the first book free on your kindle or e-reader, and if you want to stay in touch and receive updates on my newest books, sign up to my newsletter by clicking here.
Advertisements
SEAFORTH, N.S. – A four-month-old barred owl is lucky to be alive after being hit by a car and seriously injured on Hammonds Plains Road in Halifax last week.
Luckily for the baby owl, a passing truck driver saved the day.
“I saw a bird, or what I thought was a bird on the road flopping around, so I came to a stop and made everybody stop behind me,” said Bobby Cox.
“I just got out and saw it was still alive, but it didn't look to be in good shape, so I picked it up and took it over to the shoulder of the road.”
Cox said when he put the owl down, it kept falling over head-first.
“I thought it was pretty well done for,” he said.
The owl was taken to Hope for Wildlife, a wildlife rehabilitation centre in Seaforth, N.S.
There, the owl was examined, and X-rays showed it had a number of injuries, including a broken leg.
“His break is so high on his leg [it] was basically rendered useless so he never would have healed, — he would only have had one foot,” said Katie Hauser, who works with Hope for Wildlife. “The pain he must have been in was immense.”
This year there has been an influx of injured barred owls at Hope for Wildlife. Three of the four owls being cared for at the rehabilitation centre have all been struck by vehicles.
“They say that if animals go to the side of the road to eat garbage or other roadkill, then an owl will swoop down to get them, and that's when the owls are getting hit,” Hauser said.
She said a young female owl was rescued Friday in Halifax, and is still in the danger zone.
“Her X-rays we're clean, so we're just dealing with head trauma. She has no vision at the moment, but it can clear. She seems to be responding slightly to shadows.”
The young owl barred owl found on Hammonds Plains Road is expected to heal and be re-introduced to the wild next year, and he has a Good Samaritan in Cox to thank for being alive.
“It definitely would have gotten run over, it was getting closer by the minute…cars swerving,” he said, adding he only did “what most people would do.”
Hauser said it was an act of kindness very much appreciated.
“He saved him so much agony and suffering,” she said. “It's fantastic that people will go out of their way for the wildlife.”
Anyone who knew that both comedian Louis C.K. and former Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld would appear on "The Opie and Anthony Show" at the same time could have predicted chaos, but we doubt anyone saw this conversation coming.
In the video below you'll hear C.K. and Rumsfeld chatting on the Sirius XM radio show, casually discussing Rumsfeld's background as an all-American boy and decorated patriot. At about 2:30 in, though, C.K. drops the bomb, citing Rumsfeld's work with Eisenhower, Ford, Nixon, Reagan and both Bush Presidents as reason to believe he may, in fact, be an alien lizard creature.
"There's still those people out there who think Rumsfeld and Dick Cheney are actually lizards," C.K. said. "Literally, there are people who think they are lizards from outer space that eat human flesh."
He asks him outright, over and over: "Are you a lizard? Are you a lizard person?" to which Rumsfeld responds, "Here's the short answer," before telling a pretty lengthy, seemingly unrelated story about how people recognize him in public, pay for his dinners at restaurants and ask for handshakes and autographs.
All the while you can hear C.K. snickering and saying "he's a lizard" in the background
Listen to the entire, nearly 20 minute segment below to hear C.K. continue to berate Rumsfeld, despite the show's hosts repeatedly trying to apologize for him and steer the conversation elsewhere. Not only does C.K. continue to ask if Rumsfeld is a lizard, but if he has eaten human flesh or "any Mexican babies" before. (Via The Daily What)
FIA confirms Monza victory for Grasser Racing Team
The Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) overturned the decision to exclude the #19 Lamborghini Huracan Grasser Racing Team from the season opener of the Blancpain Endurance Series at Monza.
The Austrian team fielded two Lamborghini Huracán GT3 in the Monza race on 12 March 2015. The #19 was the first car to take the chequered flag after the 3-hour race, claiming a victory on home soil for the Automobili Lamborghini brand.
Shortly after the race, the Stewards of the Meeting ruled to exclude car #19 from the results, a refuelling system in breach of the regulations was given as a reason for this decision.
The FIA has now overturned this decision in all points and recognises the team's victory at the Monza race.
The updated standings are available on our website.
Hazel Jones Woman with Two Vaginas Gets $1 MILLION Porn Offer
Hazel Jones -- Woman with Two Vaginas Gets $1 MILLION Porn Offer
A British woman who's become a celebrity in the U.K. because she was born with two fully formed vaginas may finally be able to cash in on her crotch ... TMZ has learned she's just been offered $1 MILLION to bone on camera.Her name is-- and the 27-year-old beauty has been making the media rounds across the pond to discuss "" ... a condition which caused her to develop 2 sets of female reproductive organs. In other words, two vaginal canals with two openings.Hazel recently told British tabloid The Sun that she's not shy about her condition -- insisting she and her husband have shown it off at sex clubs around the U.K.Enterhoncho... who heard Hazel's story ... and immediately reached out to the woman with a MASSIVE offer to film her double hoo-ha in action.In the letter, Hirsch writes, "You are obviously an extraordinary woman and I would like to make you an offer to star in an upcoming Vivid production. We would pay you up to $1 million for your services."For the mathematically challenged, that's $500k per vagina.To sweeten the deal, Hirsch says Jones can pick any XXX partner she wants in her movie -- adding, "We would fly you out to L.A. as soon as you are available and provide you with first class accommodations."We're told Hirsch has not heard back yet.
Quick Access
Review / Favorite Track / For Fans Of / Atmosphere Levels / Links (Music & Social)
Carry Me Caravan Take Me away!
Hey there! I hope you're doing fine and that the sun is slowly showing its part of its ass wherever you are on earth!
We've reached the 2,000 followers, thanks to you! Looks like we'll have to be serious now!… ahaha no way.
Today's special gift for you is coming directly from the dusty sand of Spain, where the sun always shines and the psych vibes are always wild and free! Let me introduce you to : PYRAMIDAL ! These guys just play at Roadburn Festival last week, check out the pictures below :
Photography by Mireia Porto Posted by Pyramidal on Tuesday, April 14, 2015
Luckily for you, the Spanish caravan is right on time (this time?) to pick you up! Their first track will immediately throw your mind in outer space! I immediately spotted that Spanish influence in there which I just loved! What a great mix with their musical tradition, great respect for that! Followed by an amazing brass section which add colors in a mind-blowing first track! Sounds like an epic album from the beginning! It reminded me of some Causa Sui tracks from the Summer Sessions, it is heavy-psych jam with a strong jazzy note added to it!
I've always considered “stoner-rock” bands who managed to put jazziness into their songs to be unique bands, totally outside other bands! Here their jazz influence brought reliefs to their rhythmic parts, it's always something you recognize but just slightly different and with a “strange” groove! It is exactly this effect that brings your mind in a whole new level oh highness! Your ears are hearing something they never experienced before, Pyramidal totally have that prog-crazyness that allows them to compose totally mind-blowing tracks!
After the first two songs that clearly set up their universe, you are now entering the real struggle of this band. Pyramidal is just a fucking great band! You can easily hear that they totally control their sounds and mastered their tracks! Here the heaviness is not necessarily brought by the volume but by their rhythmic! The songs “Beyond the Lost Orbs” and “Sons of Light” are here to melt your brain, maybe already under drug influences… And it sounds like it could never stop! Man I'd love to see them jam on those! If you also do, you should definitely check their live at the Freak Valley that they released a while ago :
It is for sure a band that you have to experience live! They are space commanders, here on earth for a one and only mission, spreading dust of space for you my friends, citizens of the earth. I saw that they performed live with the band DOMO, oh man I wish I could be there…. You're never quite the same after that!
As any epic and legendary album, their last track and self-titled one is as itself a trip out of nowhere to the infinity of space! My only regret is that I missed the brass section that was so present in their previous songs… But this song is a hell of a jam! I'm sure they put out an amazing performance at Roadburn last weekend seeing the videos they just posted on Facebook ! You can only check pictures of it on their facebook page, looks like the spirit is definitely here!
Pyramidal is truly unique in its form. Taking roots from their traditional musical ground to give you their own interpretation of what a space trip could be or should be! Unique by the way they approach a jam. Either it is an instrument or another who showed off during a part of a song, they are flying as one band to the same direction which I'll let you define.
I will now go back to my home, and I will leave you with my favorite track of this incredible album shot live during Roadburn, which ends where it all started, in Spain.
(PS: If one day, you're in a hurry, listen to this while running!)
[row padding_top=”” padding_bottom=”” bg=”” bg_light=”true” appear=”false”][column size=”1-2″ appear=”false”]
[/column] [column size=”1-2″ appear=”false”]
[/column] [/row]
Have a nice and safe trip!
Mr. Jones
I am between the shock of last night's surprising performance by Donald Trump, the dread of checking the news this morning to see if it really did go the way I feared when I went to bed, and the anxiety of needing to start my day as if things have not changed. Where in the world could be safe when the most powerful nation on the planet has elected a reckless spokesman of hate to its most powerful office?
While it is tempting to write the epitaph of American liberty, and reflect on the fact that the years 1776 or 1865 to 2016 is a longer run than a lot of modern democratic governments, we are far from finished. There is work to do. Move if you must, and let's not have all our eggs in one basket, but would happen if everyone with the means and desire to oppose Trump abandoned the American beacon of liberty to the dark forces overtaking it?
The most frightening thing about the Trump victory might not be the sizable minority of his supporters who are actually fascists and members of racist organizations, and it is certainly not the numerous supporters of his who are sick enough of the status quo to overlook his numerous flaws. It is frightening to see the people who have bought into his campaign of angry scapegoating – that we can make America great again by shouting down those who question us, by following a career swindler who encourages violence against protesters and opponents. There are the people for whom recent changes have not meant economic hardship, but status panic, those who feel oppressed by so-called “political correctness' that says they have to recognize a country where being a good American does not necessarily mean listening to straight white men who are Christians or at least play them on Sundays. Those who buy into Trump's rhetoric of pushing out and pushing down the outsiders are buying into the attitude that fascism thrives upon even if they themselves are not fascists.
The importance of a strong leader and top-down commands for fascism can obscure the fact that it is typically a popular movement – that while it does not require a majority of the population for support, it draws on a wide base of support and encourages and directs misplaced fears of change and fears of outsiders. The need for fascism to penetrate deeply into society offers a critical place of resistance. By consciously creating and defending social spaces and institutions where the culture of fascism is not welcome, we can prevent the poison tree from sinking its roots deeply. We must not internalize or embody the divisions that we are supposed to follow. We must make it clear that no matter what the official ideology says, wherever we are is a place where black lives matter, Muslims are not enemies, migrants are welcome, LGBTQ people are free, and all people who do not step on others to climb the ladder of social hierarchy are welcome.
In the long term, we should question the value of a system that would put Donald Trump in charge of millions of citizens and the most powerful military on the planet. In the meantime, any institutional impediment to his power should be utilized. The aspiring autocrat still has political opponents, and members of his party, who recognize Constitutional limits on his power.
If we survived the September 11 attacks, we should be able to survive this. Good luck out there, America.
Donald Trump can't seem to stop receiving support from white supremacists. The latest example involves a mock campaign poster from none other than David Duke himself, the former Ku Klux Klan leader and Trump superfan, who seems to think he'd make a great vice president.
Duke tweeted Thursday a Trump-Duke ticket would be the New York billionaire's “best life insurance” and offered up a photoshopped campaign poster to help out his chosen presidential candidate.
#TrumpDuke2016 It'd be Trump's best LIFE INSURANCE.The Zio NeoCon Mossad boys would not dare touch him if I was heartbeat from Presidency. — David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) May 12, 2016
The fake campaign poster featured heavily photoshopped images of Duke and Trump in front of an American flag with a fake campaign banner that had the two men's names together along with the phrase “Make America White Again” — a play on Trump's actual campaign slogan. The image also included a call to “stop the ethnic cleansing of white Americans!” and a link to davidduke.com. In one corner of the image, a likeness of what appears to be George Washington is superimposed over the photo of Duke.
These came hours after Duke first tweeted a “campaign poster” featuring him and Trump that he said was “sent to us by a friend.” This is far from the first time Duke has shared his admiration for Trump, as he frequently comes to Trump's defense and said earlier this year when people compare the real estate mogul to Adolf Hitler, they are “rehabilitating that fellow with the mustache back there in Germany.”
Duke's support from Trump prompted a major campaign controversy when the Republican initially refused to disavow support from Duke and other white supremacist groups. He quickly reversed course and blamed his hesitancy on a “bad earpiece” but when he was first asked about Duke by CNN's Jake Tapper, Trump said: “Just so you understand, I don't know anything about David Duke, OK?”
When pressed further Trump continued to claim he did not know what Tapper was talking about. “I don't know anything about what you're even talking about with white supremacy or white supremacists,” Trump said. “So I don't know. I don't know — did he endorse me, or what's going on? Because I know nothing about David Duke. I know nothing about white supremacists.”
Proposed new campaign poster sent to us by a friend. pic.twitter.com/Wst7uwuYEC — David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) May 12, 2016
More recently, Trump's campaign selected a prominent white nationalist as one of its delegates in California. When the selection of William Johnson, the white nationalist, was reported by Mother Jones, Trump blamed the situation on a “database error” and Johnson said he would resign.
Trump's interactions with white supremacists haven't been limited to these public snafus. It's been well documented that white nationalists around the country are excited by Trump's candidacy, and many of his Twitter interactions are with accounts that follow white supremacists.
Now that Trump is the presumptive Republican nominee, he has begun the process of looking for a vice presidential candidate, but even if he claims never to have heard of Duke, it seems unlikely the white supremacist's proposal will be taken seriously.
About
Hello world!
In my work I encounter a great deal of metal/steel chips. Small, to long and curly, they are all sharp. I had cut my fingers too many times. Cuts burn when you wash your hands and put you at risk for infection. So obviously to solve this problem I needed gloves.
I work with all kinds of metal instruments, from tools to parts to the machine itself and being able to pick items up with ease is crucial for efficiency. Some things are oily and slippery so a glove with grip that can be wiped would be ideal for what I do.
Sometimes I drop the small tools into dark areas. Sometimes I need to look in small dark holes. So I thought to myself, why not put a flashlight on my glove. Then I thought, it would be great to add magnets and keep the small tools from falling from the glove. As I am thinking this to myself I repeatedly checked the clock for the time looking forward to a break. Then it struck me; the glove needs a watch.
Next thing you know my brain is going hay wire. I have thousands of ideas suddenly. One idea feeds off another. Next thing you know I am wearing the first ever Handy Glove by J_sunni. For the last couple of years I have put together many prototypes and tested them. The Handy Glove is awesome to use for any fix it your self or industry job. A one of a kind gift that is a must-have in every person's tool box. I strongly believe the world will fall in love with this handy experience.
Please support my project and become a backer today, I have some great rewards to choose from.
My mission is to provide my customers with a product that serves any necessities when it comes to anything. I personally stand behind a quality product that will help us strive for perfection and give the world what it needs. J_Sunnis Handy Glove is perfect for any person who is involved with tools, machinery, or any fix-it-yourself projects and can even be fashionable. The convenience of the gadgets help out with any tasks.
Manufacturing with model 1.0
J_Sunniś Handy Glove offers multiple features along with great gripping. There is a retractable clip. The strength of the cord varies by model. The retractable clip is good for convenience, It's always there when you need it.
A bright LED flashlight is also included which also has a retractable cord. This is great for when you need to look in tiny places like a dark hole of some sort.
The left fingertip and right palm have built in magnets in the 1.0 model. The magnetic force helps with picking up tools, screws, and metal objects. The magnetic force helps with not losing your screws from them rolling away, but rather stick to your glove for, again, the convenience.
The built on watch is good for always keeping track of the time. Multiple functions for a handy experience.
The Handy Glove will also be available in different colors such as pink for breast cancer awareness.
The future of my Handy Glove may lead to displays in stores like Sears, or Wal-Mart, hardware, and auto parts stores like Ace Hardware, or Advanced auto Parts. I am currently seeking knowledge on how to get my glove in U-line type catalogs. Handy Glove price will be based on material to make all the special features that the glove is to provide, and of course the labor to produce the product. With the different kinds of Handy Gloves we plan to promote, prices vary model to model. Giving the convenience of the glove, we our pricing our product at $34.99 for the original version and go up with models, specialty and customization. Customers will relate to the price budget wise, and also the fact that having many of the tools available to them prevents future purchases of other types of tools that might be needed.
Opportunities
Being able to improve the product for future and other uses. Such as or survival model ¨Handy Glove¨ for uses in military, police, and outdoors-man type activities offering slice proof material, having a GPS tracker built with heart rate monitor, very strong retractable clip, a watch with a walkie talkie and compass, a video camera and a piece of flint all combined into the glove which will attract more sales and investors. We are currently developing a safe glove for children with built-in GPS as well for senor citizens with heart rate monitor. We will offer a paid service to send ambulance or police in case of emergency when the panic button is activated to location.
The future of J_Sunniś Handy Glove website will give customers a chance to create their personal everyday glove choosing from materials, watches, jewelry, gadgets and more!.
Our product will be available on our current website http://jsunnisglove.weebly.com/. You will be able to pre-order model 1.0 beginning January 1st, 2016! Backers will have the opportunity to pledge qualifying for an early shipment on June 1, 2016. All pre-orders from site will be shipped July 7, 2016.
LOS ANGELES -- Don Mattingly knew he had to be politically correct as he answered the question.
As much as he wanted to bang the All-Star drum for his rookie phenom, Yasiel Puig, the baseball purist in the Los Angeles Dodgers manager simply couldn't do it knowing Puig hasn't even been in the majors for a full month.
So instead of banging the drum or rejecting it altogether, he simply danced around it as best as he could.
"It's a discussion to have," Mattingly said after Puig had a career-high four hits and came within a home run of the cycle in leading the Dodgers to a 6-1 win over the Philadelphia Phillies on Sunday at Dodger Stadium. "We'll see. He's putting up astronomical numbers and been a great player for us so far. I think you just look at the guys who are in the league. Does a Domonic Brown deserve to go? He's got 21 bombs. There are other guys and I don't even know all the numbers of the guys playing around the league, but I know there are other guys playing well. It's one of those discussions that are tough."
Yasiel Puig's 44 hits in the month of June, including this triple Sunday, are the most for a Dodgers rookie in any month. AP Photo/Mark J. Terrill
Puig hasn't just put up astronomical numbers since making his major league debut on June 3, he has put up historically great numbers. In fact, since being called up, Puig leads the majors with 44 hits in that span, while leading the National League with a .436 batting average and a .467 on-base percentage. Puig is also ranked in the top three in home runs (seven), runs (19), slugging percentage (.713) and total bases (72).
It's a staggering debut that has been rivaled in the history of baseball by only one man -- Joe DiMaggio.
Puig and DiMaggio are the only players in major league history with at least 40 hits and four home runs in their first calendar month in the majors. Puig's 44 hits in June are second only to DiMaggio's 48 in 1936, and are the most hits ever in one month by a Dodgers rookie.
He capped off his magical first month his big day Sunday that propelled the Dodgers to within four games of first place in the NL West. These are the same Dodgers who were 9½ games out of first place just eight days ago. Puig also recorded two steals and scored two runs.
Puig, the 22-year-old Cuban defector, admitted after the game through an interpreter that he wasn't familiar with DiMaggio but was honored to be on the same list as the Yankees legend. He said his first month in the majors has been a whirlwind and if it takes him to New York next month for the All-Star Game it would be another honor he never expected would come his way this early in his career.
"I'd feel very happy and excited and honored to be in the All-Star Game," Puig said. "If I am the only one that represents the Dodgers at the All-Star Game, I would be very excited just for the City of Los Angeles and its fans, but if I don't make it, I'll still be happy as long as we keep on winning."
Of course, Puig was not included on the initial All-Star ballot, but the Dodgers started a campaign this weekend to get Puig into the game as a write-in candidate, something that hasn't happened since former Dodgers first baseman Steve Garvey achieved in 1974, becoming only the second player to have started an All-Star game through write-in voting.
The Dodgers actually enlisted the help of Garvey for a commercial that played throughout Dodger Stadium this weekend that showed Garvey drinking champagne every year the All-Star roster was announced and a write-in candidate didn't make it, much like players from the undefeated 1972 Miami Dolphins do after the last undefeated team in the NFL loses in a given season. Only this time, Garvey smashes the champagne glass and picks up a ballot at the end of the commercial and urges fans to #VotePuig as he becomes Puig's campaign manager.
Although Puig hasn't been in the majors for even a full month, most of his teammates were getting behind the cause Sunday, wearing Puig shirts and filling out their All-Star ballots with Puig's name written in.
Support for APNG animations: APNG is a variant of the established PNG format which allows storing animations instead of single frames in a PNG file. This change allows using these animation files in FSO which significantly improves usability for modders since they no longer have to store all individual frames as separate images.
Physically-Based Rendering (PBR): This upgrade of our rendering engine allows using PBR assets to make models look more realistic and allow more artistic freedom for modders since they have more control over how a model looks. This also added support for HDR lighting which should improve the overall graphics experience.
SDL2 usage on all platforms: SDL is a library for abstracting away the differences between different platforms. We now use SDL2 for all platforms which reduces the amount of platform-specific code tremendously and should result in better usability on all platforms. This was a major change that has been in development for several years. Here are a few key features that were added:
Pilot and configuration data is now stored in the correct location across all platforms (this allows to run FSO on Windows from the Program Files directory without administrator rights) All platforms now use the ini files for storing settings. This fixes a lot of issues with the registry on Windows. Better support for input devices. Since SDL handles keyboard, mouse and joystick input we now have better support on newer OS versions. Note: This does not mean that we support multiple joysticks (yet). There is ongoing development effort to support this but this release does not have that yet.
CMake build system generation: This isn't relevant for players but we are now using CMake for handling compiling our builds. This improves cross-platform support and allows implementing advanced compilation features across multiple platforms. Modders will like the new "FastDebug" builds which are like the previous "Debug" builds but are compiled with all the optimizations of normal Release builds. That should make modding a lot easier since you can now debug your mod with almost the same performance as a Release build.
Improved shield effects: Rendering of the shields is now handled by special shaders which improves the overall quality of the effects and allows more freedom for future effects.
Native particle systems: Particles have always been supported by FSO but the effects that could be created by them were very limited. There were some attempts to fix this by using Lua scripting for more advanced features but that suffered from performance issues. With these new particle systems that feature has been integrated directly into the engine which should improve performance and allow for better effects in the future.
TrueType Font support: TrueType fonts improve the text rendering capabilities of FSO by allowing to use freely scaleable font faces instead of the previous bitmap fonts.
Use OpenGL Core Profile for rendering: This is another major graphical upgrade which adds support for the OpenGL Core profile across all platforms (this was also made possible by the SDL2 integration). This upgrade allows us to use more modern rendering techniques and is especially useful for our Linux users who use the open-source Mesa drivers since our shaders failed to compile with those drivers. Now everyone will be able to enjoy the new graphical features added in this and previous releases. This also made some internal changes to how we handle rendering which improves the usability of our rendering engine within our code.
Use FFmpeg for video & audio decoding: FFmpeg is a multi-media library which exposes functionality for decoding video and audio files to their raw form so that we can use that data. Thanks to this library we can now play 1080p cutscenes without any stuttering or frame-timing issues. It also allows using more advanced audio and video codecs such as H.264 for video or Opus for audio.
Important!!
Hidden Text: TrackIR Users  Show Important!!
An external DLL is required for FSO to use TrackIR functions. The following DLL is simply unpacked in to your main FreeSpace2 root dir.
TrackIR is only supported on Windows.
TrackIR SCP DLL ( An external DLL is required for FSO to use TrackIR functions. The following DLL is simply unpacked in to your main FreeSpace2 root dir.TrackIR is only supported on Windows. Mirror ) ( Mirror
Github issues and pending pull requests
See the list of Fix for next release bugs - mark a bug as an elevated priority (high, urgent, immediate) to get it included in that filter.
Windows (32/64-bit)
Compiled by Appveyor on Windows Server 2012 R2 64-bit, Visual Studio Community 2015 with Update 3
This one is based on the SSE2 Optimizations from the MSVC Compiler.
WARNING:
Hidden Text: Alternative builds  Show
32-bit AVX: fs2_open_3_8_0_RC2-builds-Win32-AVX.zip
This one is based on the AVX Optimizations from the MSVC Compiler (the fastest build if your CPU supports AVX instructions).
64-bit AVX: fs2_open_3_8_0_RC2-builds-Win64-AVX.zip
WARNING: 64-bit builds are still experimental.
This one is based on the AVX Optimizations from the MSVC Compiler.
What are those SSE, SSE2 and AVX builds I keep seeing everywhere?
Your answer is in this topic.
64-bit builds are still experimental.
OS X Universal (32/64-bit Intel)
Linux 64-bit
Compiled on Ubuntu 14.04.4 LTS 64-bit, GCC 5
Hidden Text: Other Platforms, Source Code  Show Source Code Export
Source Code
(chronologically ordered)This list is taken from our GitHub wiki As always, you need OpenAL installed. Linux and OS X come with it but Windows users will need to get Creative's OpenAL installer . Alternatively, if Creative's OpenAL doesn't work with your hardware, you can use OpenAL Soft Launchers, if you don't have one already:All platforms: wxLauncher 0.12.x Test Build (ongoing project for a unified launcher, you should upgrade to the latest RC/test build if you have not yet)Known issues:64-bit builds are still experimental. These builds have been tested but there may still be issues that are not present in the 32-bit builds. Make sure you read the installation instructions below.If you use the 64-bit executables you have to make sure that you install all files from the zip file and that there are no remaining 32-bit DLLs left in your FSO directory. Some users have installed the 32-bit OpenAL DLLs directly into your FSO directory which is a common cause for errors. If the launcher fails to use the 64-bit executable this is the first thing you should check.These builds use a mechanism called AppImage which should allow these builds to run on most Linux distributions. However, we recommend that you compile your own builds which will result in less issues.Alternatively, if there is a package in your software repository then you should use that. If you are the maintainer of such a package for a distribution then let us know and we will include that here.
Bias Isn't Just A Police Problem, It's A Preschool Problem
Enlarge this image toggle caption LA Johnson/NPR LA Johnson/NPR
First, a story:
Late one night, a man searches for something in a parking lot. On his hands and knees, he crawls around a bright circle of light created by a streetlamp overhead.
A woman passes, stops, takes in the scene.
"What are you looking for? Can I help?"
"My car keys. Any chance you've seen them?"
"You dropped them right around here?"
"Oh, no. I dropped them way over there," he says, gesturing vaguely to some faraway spot on the other side of the lot.
"Then why are you looking here?"
The man pauses to consider the question.
"Because this is where the light is."
New research from the Yale Child Study Center suggests that many preschool teachers look for disruptive behavior in much the same way: in just one place, waiting for it to appear.
The problem with this strategy (besides it being inefficient), is that, because of implicit bias, teachers are spending too much time watching black boys and expecting the worst.
The study
Lead researcher Walter Gilliam knew that to get an accurate measure of implicit bias among preschool teachers, he couldn't be fully transparent with his subjects about what, exactly, he was trying to study.
Implicit biases are just that — subtle, often subconscious stereotypes that guide our expectations and interactions with people.
"We all have them," Gilliam says. "Implicit biases are a natural process by which we take information, and we judge people on the basis of generalizations regarding that information. We all do it."
Even the most well-meaning teacher can harbor deep-seated biases, whether she knows it or not. So Gilliam and his team devised a remarkable — and remarkably deceptive — experiment.
At a big, annual conference for pre-K teachers, Gilliam and his team recruited 135 educators to watch a few short videos. Here's what they told them:
We are interested in learning about how teachers detect challenging
behavior in the classroom. Sometimes this involves seeing behavior before it becomes problematic. The video segments you are about to view are of preschoolers engaging in various activities. Some clips may or may not contain challenging behaviors. Your job is to press the enter key on the external keypad every time you see a behavior that could become a potential challenge.
Each video included four children: a black boy and girl and a white boy and girl.
Here's the deception: There was no challenging behavior.
While the teachers watched, eye-scan technology measured the trajectory of their gaze. Gilliam wanted to know: When teachers expected bad behavior, who did they watch?
"What we found was exactly what we expected based on the rates at which children are expelled from preschool programs," Gilliam says. "Teachers looked more at the black children than the white children, and they looked specifically more at the African-American boy."
Indeed, according to recent data from the U.S. Department of Education, black children are 3.6 times more likely to be suspended from preschool than white children. Put another way, black children account for roughly 19 percent of all preschoolers, but nearly half of preschoolers who get suspended.
One reason that number is so high, Gilliam suggests, is that teachers spend more time focused on their black students, expecting bad behavior. "If you look for something in one place, that's the only place you can typically find it."
The Yale team also asked subjects to identify the child they felt required the most attention. Forty-two percent identified the black boy, 34 percent identified the white boy, while 13 percent and 10 percent identified the white and black girls respectively.
The vignette
The Yale study had two parts. And, as compelling as the eye-scan results were, Gilliam's most surprising takeaway came later.
He gave teachers a one-paragraph vignette to read, describing a child disrupting a class; there's hitting, scratching, even toy-throwing. The child in the vignette was randomly assigned what researchers considered a stereotypical name (DeShawn, Latoya, Jake, Emily), and subjects were asked to rate the severity of the behavior on a scale of one to five.
White teachers consistently held black students to a lower standard, rating their behavior as less severe than the same behavior of white students.
Gilliam says this tracks with previous research around how people may shift standards and expectations of others based on stereotypes and implicit bias. In other words, if white teachers believe that black boys are more likely to behave badly, they may be less surprised by that behavior and rate it less severely.
Black teachers, on the other hand, did the opposite, holding black students to a higher standard and rating their behavior as consistently more severe than that of white students.
Here's another key finding: Some teachers were also given information about the disruptive child's home life, to see if it made them more empathetic:
[CHILD] lives with his/her mother, his/her 8- and 6-year-old sisters,
and his/her 10-month-old baby brother. His/her home life is turbulent, between having a father who has never been a constant figure in his/her life, and a mother who struggles with depression but doesn't have the resources available to seek help. During the rare times when his/her parents are together, loud and sometimes violent disputes occur between them. In order to make ends meet, [CHILD's] mother has taken on three different jobs, and is in a constant state of exhaustion. [CHILD] and his/her siblings are left in the care of available relatives and neighbors while their mother is at work.
Guess what happened.
Teachers who received this background did react more empathetically, lowering their rating of a behavior's severity — but only if the teacher and student were of the same race.
As for white teachers rating black students or black teachers rating white students?
"If the race of the teacher and the child were different and [the teacher] received this background information, severity rates skyrocketed," Gilliam says. "And the teachers ended up feeling that the behavioral problems were hopeless and that very little could be done to actually improve the situation."
This result is consistent with previous research on empathy, Gilliam says. "When people feel some kind of shared connection to folks, when they hear more about their misfortunes, they feel more empathic to them. But if they feel that they are different from each other ... it may actually cause them to perceive that person in a more negative light."
It's impossible to separate these findings from today's broader, cultural context — of disproportionately high suspension rates for black boys and young men throughout the school years, of America's school-to-prison pipeline, and, most immediately, of the drumbeat of stories about black men being killed by police.
If implicit bias can play a role on our preschool reading rugs and in our classrooms' cozy corners, it no doubt haunts every corner of our society.
Biases are natural, as Gilliam says, but they must also be reckoned with.
The good news, if there is such a thing from work such as this, is that Gilliam and his team were ethically obligated to follow up with every one of the 135 teachers who participated in the study, to come clean about the deception.
Gilliam even gave them an out, letting them withdraw their data — for many of them, the lasting proof of their bias.
Only one did.
At the DealBook conference, in New York City, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings was brought to speak on stage with New York Times columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin about a plethora of topics, primarily those targeted at finances and long-term goals for the company. With Netflix expected to spend $5 billion on original content for 2016, Hastings made a statement that he's “hopeful” that, with time, Netflix will produce an anime show. (Skip to 29:48 in the following video.)
Netflix is steadily expanding into the Japanese market with their platform having launched back in September and exclusively streaming titles, in North America, such as Knights of Sidonia and, recently, The Seven Deadly Sins. Netflix has also revealed that Smile Precure!, under the name Glitter Force, will stream on their service starting December 18th.
Netflix also plans to stream the upcoming film adaptations of Gamon Sakurai's Ajin: Demi-Human manga, which will be produced by Polygon Pictures (Knights of Sidonia, Tron: Uprising), three days after its Japanese premiere in January.
Source: AnimeNewsNetwork
(Visited 4,841 times, 1 visits today)
Some of the most popular Disney Parks Blog stories in 2015 have been about retail MagicBands. With only a few weeks left in this year, here is an update about new and upcoming retail MagicBands at Walt Disney World Resort.
One of the most requested MagicBand colors this year was purple. In fall, we introduced a purple option for guests who create retail MagicBands at the Tomorrowland Light & Power Co. in Magic Kingdom Park. I have even more exciting news! Soon, guests will be able to find an individual purple retail MagicBand in select Walt Disney World Resort merchandise locations. This solid color retail MagicBand will join the other solid color MagicBands we currently offer. Look for the purple retail MagicBand in late December.
Another popular MagicBand request this year was for the Orange Bird which I discussed in a previous Disney Parks Blog article. This retail MagicBand was recently released along with a Princess Tiana MagicBand and a red holiday sweater pattern MagicBand featuring Mickey Mouse.
In addition to retail MagicBands, we have new MagicBand-its inspired by classic Disney characters and attractions at Disney Parks. These small accessories can be easily attached to the side of any MagicBand.
We've added new artwork to the previously mentioned Tomorrowland Light & Power Co. location. They include Orange Bird (which you can now have printed on eight different colors including orange or green as pictured). We also have A-E Tickets that are reminiscent of ticket books once used at Disney Parks until the early 1980s.
Finally, we will have two new MagicBands celebrating 2016 that will be released on January 1, 2016.
You may find select retail MagicBands using the free Shop Disney Parks mobile app. Some retail MagicBands I mentioned may be available first on the app before being released in merchandise locations at Walt Disney World Resort. To download, please visit DisneyWorld.com/Shop.
What has been your favorite MagicBand this year?
Why Russia's guns won't save Assad
Russia's decision to furnish Syria with its advanced S-300 missile defense system has sparked a wave of commentary on how the transfer will affect the Syrian government's military posture and staying power. Israel seems to be doing everything it can to convince Moscow not to go through with the promised delivery. But Russian leaders seem adamant, describing the goal of the transfer unambiguously: to deter foreign intervention, as Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov's comments illustrated on June 20.
Many analysts seem to have bought Russia's logic, with recent assessments highlighting the "game-changing" nature of the strategic weapons' transfer. Some contended that S-300 batteries would "alter the balance of power" in the region and make intervention "extremely difficult." Others noted that the system's ability to hit targets in Israel and in other countries allied to the United States in the region increases the likelihood that "regional war" might erupt.
Despite these prognostications, there are four reasons why the potential transfer of the S-300 is unlikely to significantly challenge U.S. capabilities to decisively intervene by air in Syria. Furthermore, the argument that the system's deployment by itself automatically contributes to greater regional instability, when weighed against evidence of the possession by other Middle Eastern countries of similar weapons systems and more destabilizing weapons of mass destruction, holds no water whatsoever.
First, although the United States has not faced the S-300 in combat, a host of its allies — including Bulgaria, Greece, and Slovakia — currently use variants of the S-300 system. Through its alliances, the United States has enjoyed access to these systems and has gathered data, which could facilitate the development of countermeasures. As recently as 2012, NATO carried out a training exercise that tested the ability of various fighter aircraft to carry out missile hunting operations against Slovakia's S-300 PMU, one of the more recent variants of the S-300 system.
Other U.S. allies have engaged in their own intelligence-gathering efforts on the S-300 to ascertain system vulnerabilities and develop countermeasures, the results of which they most likely shared with their U.S. counterparts. In 2008, Israel conducted joint exercises with Greece to gather intelligence on its more modern S-300PMU-1 system, the second-most recent S-300 iteration. According to award-winning investigative author Edwin Black, the exercise showed that "a 1400 km distance [about 870 miles] could be negotiated with Israeli aircraft remaining aloft and effective." In turn, the Israeli Air Force (IAF), along with Israeli defense companies, began developing electronic countermeasures and decoys to hedge against the system's capabilities. Even today, Israeli defense officials acknowledge that while the S-300 would pose problems it would not be the game-changer that some analysts have described. IAF Colonel Zvika Haimovich recently told Reuters, "Though it would impinge on our operations, we are capable of overcoming it."
Second, a system with the technical complexity of the S-300 would prove exceedingly difficult for the Syrian military to operate. Personnel would require months of training to operate and maintain the S-300 — by some estimates, almost a year — before they could reliably deploy it. By then, sustaining a robust air defense could very well be the last concern of a regime fighting to keep control on the ground. Training personnel and developing facilities to operate and potentially repair the S-300s would expend precious troops and resources and still leave the systems vulnerable to ground attack by rebel forces, as much of the rest of Syria's air defenses have been for the past two years. Furthermore, to maximize the S-300's capabilities, the Syrian military would need to integrate the system into its overall air defense network so that each of its missile batteries engage the most appropriate targets. According to IHS Jane's, doing this would require additional command and control hardware — such as the Baikal-1– which would entail further time for training and deployment of the S-300. Thus, the likelihood and payoff of a quick S-300 deployment seem small.
Third, recent analyses have inflated the vulnerability of aircraft to S-300 systems. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yuval Steinitz, for example, declared that the S-300 could target aircraft about 185 miles away, thus rendering vulnerable aircraft in Israeli airspace. Others, like Anthony Cordesman, have posited more reasonably that the maximum range is closer to about 95 miles. But what many analysts seem to have missed is that the S-300 does not detect all aircraft uniformly. The range at which the system would detect U.S.-Israeli aircraft is not only a function of the S-300's capabilities, but the stealth profile and altitude of the aircraft being flown. Highly stealthy aircraft, like the U.S. F-22A, could relatively safely penetrate much further into Syrian airspace than other fighter jets like the F-16. And the S-300 would detect these aircraft at even smaller ranges if they are flown at low altitudes. While the S-300 can be outfitted with low-altitude radars, deployment of this component in an S-300 battery greatly limits the system's mobility. Thus, any battery that uses the component becomes more vulnerable to strikes.
What's more, the increased ranges of the S-300 are somewhat offset by stand-off missiles like the U.S. Air Force's JASSM-ER missile, a stealthy, highly-accurate cruise missile which pilots can launch 575 miles from a target. The JASSM-ER flies at very low altitudes, enabling it to evade advanced systems like the S-300 until within several miles of the radar. Stand-off strike missiles like the JASSM-ER, especially when launched in large numbers, could overcome the defensive advantages provided by the S-300.
Fourth, despite the range of the S-300, the Assad regime is unlikely to unilaterally shoot down U.S. aircraft outside of Syrian airspace. While the regime was accused of doing precisely this to a Turkish warplane in June 2012, it also saw the grave risks of such provocations. The Turkish government strongly considered a military response, forcing Assad to confess that he regretted the decision to shoot down the aircraft. As the incident illustrated, any future provocations would provide greater impetus for an intervention, which the regime is desperately trying to prevent. Indeed, threats of retaliation notwithstanding, Syria failed to respond to three covert air attacks on weapons shipments by Israel this year. If the Assad regime were to sanction the use of the S-300, it would be in the context of a clear decision by the United States and the West to intervene militarily in Syria (although such a decision may not be made public to increase the intervention's chances of success). Under these circumstances, as previously mentioned, U.S. forces would be capable of neutralizing the S-300 threat.
So if the S-300 is unlikely to deter military intervention in Syria, then why is Russia expending political capital on this transfer? As the world's second-largest arms exporter, foreign military sales contribute over $14 billion to Russia's economy. Global focus on the Syrian conflict provides a useful opportunity to showcase one of Russia's most advanced and widely exported military products, no less in a region home to the world's largest arms importers. In addition, Russian leaders may be using the sale as part of a broader strategy to reassert itself in the Middle East. U.S. policymakers shouldn't find this surprising, as Russia pursued similar objectives when it declared its intention to transfer the S-300 to Iran. According to Reuters, leaked diplomatic cables revealed that Russian officials had no intention of going through with the transfer. Instead, in 2010, Russia backed out of the agreement in exchange for several Israeli surveillance drones and guarantees from Israel to withhold arms from Georgia.
One caveat, however, is in order. If Russia does go ahead with its S-300 sale to Assad, it may also choose to send Russian personnel to man and train Syrian forces to use the system in the early months following the transfer. Under these circumstances, a decision to strike the S-300 batteries could be greatly complicated by the risk of killing Russian personnel. The military feasibility of counter-air operations in Syria still would not change, but the broader strategic costs certainly would. The death of Russian soldiers on Syrian territory by Western militaries would not be taken lightly by Moscow and could very well cause an international diplomacy crisis.
To be sure, acquisition of the S-300 would represent a drastic upgrade for a dense but aging Syrian air defense system. Robert Hewson accurately, if inadvertently, describes the shortcomings of recent analyses of the S-300 threat when he acknowledges, "If your plan is to waltz into Syrian airspace and start bombing things this is a big wrinkle." And Hewson is right to assert that this would limit the ability of aircraft to "roam around Syrian airspace with impunity." But this is an unreasonable standard by which to assess the feasibility of future contingencies in Syria. Certainly acquisition of the S-300 would necessitate some retooling of current plans for military action. But it would not prohibit and is unlikely to make significantly more costly any future air campaign in the area.
That Russia's potential supply of advanced missile defenses to Syria is no panacea to Assad should not automatically lead to the endorsement of a U.S.-enforced no-fly zone, or any of the other direct military intervention options being advocated elsewhere. Many U.S. analysts have made sensible arguments about the risks that would entail any direct military intervention in Syria. But the claim that the S-300 would prohibit or make very costly any future air campaigns in Syria simply doesn't pass the sniff test. Indeed, such arguments can generate the impression of a closing window of opportunity and thus bolster the case for speedy military action. Other political and security dynamics on the ground may evolve in ways that make the case for intervention more or less appealing, but the country's current or future air defenses are unlikely to be one of them.
Joseph Singh is a research assistant at the Institute for the Near East and Gulf Military Analysis (INEGMA) North America. Bilal Y. Saab is the executive director and head of research of INEGMA North America.
Link finding a Pot Lid in LoZ: BotW. Pot Lids can be used as a shield
The Pot Lid is a shield in the game The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
Description [ edit ]
The lid of a large soup pot. It smells vaguely of chicken broth... Yum! It can take quite a beating before breaking.
Where to get [ edit ]
Can sometimes be found in camps next to Cooking Pots. There is one outside the Old Man's Hut in the Great Plateau.
Stats [ edit ]
Strategy Guide/Tips [ edit ]
This makes a good starter shield for Link, and while it does not provide that much defense, it's pretty durable.
Can also be used as a throwaway shield to Shield Surf on rough terrain, so that you don't break your more valuable shields.
Image: Shutterstock
Any dog owner who has spent a weekend caring for a friend's dog will know this to be true, but scientists have shown it to be so: Your dog gets jealous when you play with other dogs.
Dog jealousy is something that you've probably seen often. Its origins date back to Charles Darwin, who once wrote that "everyone has seen how jealous a dog is of his master's affection, if lavished on any other creature. This shows that animals not only love, but have desire to be loved."
Well, despite all the anecdotal evidence we've seen throughout the annals of history, there was no experimental evidence to show this was true. Now, we have it. In a new study published in PLOS ONE, researchers found that dogs get jealous when their owners play with some strange dog.
Or, in this case, a stand-in for a strange dog. Christine Harris and Caroline Prouvost of the University of California San Diego modified an experiment used to test infants for jealousy (in that one, mothers played with a doll).
Check out Motherboard's extensive dog coverage.
Here, 36 dog owners were locked in a room with their dogs and were asked to pet a stuffed dog (albeit one that "barked, whined, and wagged its tail when a button on the top of its head was pressed") and ignore their own dog. Then, the owners were asked to show the same amount of affection to a jack-o-lantern, to see if dogs were pissed about their owners showing affection to anything or just didn't want some four-legged stuffed jerk dog getting all the attention.
Turns out, when owners petted the stuffed dog, their actual dogs were more aggressive, raised their tail up, tried to push their way in between the stuffed dog and their owner, and barked. When the same attention was lavished on a jack-o-lantern, the dogs didn't care as much. The dogs also didn't care so much when a children's book was made to play noises (as sort of test case to see whether the dogs were merely responding to the noise the stuffed dogs made).
Image: PLOS One
Growing up, my dogs always got jealous when my mom showed me any affection—I'm not a dog, and I'm not a jack-o-lantern, so what's the deal? I guess that's for another study.
The jealousy that dogs feel and the jealousy that humans feel are probably different, with dogs obviously feeling a more basic sense of the emotion.
"The current findings add support to the emerging view that there is a primordial form of jealousy," Harris wrote.
That raises the question: Why do dogs feel jealousy? Harris has a few theories. Jealousy could be an old trait seen in many types of social animals, particularly ones that raise multiple young at the same time. The thinking goes that a more jealous puppy will, overall, get more food when it's being raised and thus be fitter to live to adulthood. They could have evolved jealousy just like we did—as a defense mechanism to sexual interlopers or as a way of being cautious against rival packs of dogs (or, in our case, people).
But, perhaps most interestingly, Harris theorizes that dogs may have evolved to be jealous as they were being domesticated and learned to rely on humans to survive.
"One might speculate that even if several social species have the capacity for jealousy, dogs may be the only species besides humans in which the emotion can be evoked in connection with a member of a different species," she wrote. "Perhaps this is a function of their emotional bonding with humans along with their motivation and ability to track human gaze/attention. Humans, after all, have been rich resource providers over our evolution."
So, yet another reason why humans and dogs get along so great—we both get jealous every now and then, so go ahead and empathize with your dog next time it gets a little green.
Pat Robertson, Pope of the Televangelists, is joining with the crackpot theories of Alex Jones that warns Americans the feds are out to get us, just like he did during his Clinton 'black helicopter' days.
Robertson: Long trains full of armored vehicles, personnel carriers with armor, what are they for, the army going into battle against the enemy? They're used by Homeland Security against us,” Robertson ominously warned. “Imagine what Homeland Security is doing is just awful and we're going to talk about how much ammunition they're stockpiling: who are they going to shoot, us?
David Edwards:
The same theories have also been picked up in recent weeks by the Fox News Channel and the Fox Business Network. And on Thursday, Robertson weighed in on the side of the conspiracy theorists, calling it “like something out of science fiction: long trains of full or armored vehicles, personnel carriers with armor.”
And then of course we have to debunk these fictitious reports since it is possible that it could enter the mainstream.
The conspiracy about secretive ammo stockpiling is completely unfounded. According to the Associated Press, the ammunition is used in trainings for “tens of thousands of federal law enforcement officers” and for the use of the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency.As Media Matters pointed out, DHS does own light armored vehicles for emergencies and raids on drug cartels, and the recent purchases of such vehicles were actually for the U.S. Marine Corps. In fact, the conspiracy theory is so baseless that even the NRA has debunked it.
So now we have the religious right joining forces with Alex Jones and the militiamen of America to propagate lies so bad that Joel Surnow wouldn't even touch it. Oh, damn. I hope I haven't given him an idea for a new "24" movie.
At this afternoon's TCA panel for WGN's Manhattan, the cast provided some hints in regards to where season 2 was headed for the World War II period drama which returns on Tuesday, October 13 at 9PM.
Manhattan follows the residents and scientists at “The Hill” in Los Alamos, New Mexico during World War II. Frank Winter plays the brilliant physicist who designed the A-bomb and “his ambivalence this season comes more into play than ever” said actor John Benjamin Hickey. Season 2 follows the events leading up to the Trinity Test, which was the first detonation of the atomic weapon on July 16, 1945 at the U.S. Air Force base in Alamogordo, New Mexico.
“I think all these characters because of their age and experience find themselves in a crazy, moral quagmire given its breakthrough in the history of science,” added Hickey.
“As zealous as Frank was in the first season, by any means necessary to achieve his end, he's setting out to prove that closure is the right path. For every action, there's an equal and opposite reaction. At the end of season one, we find him in a heap of trouble…he does a big 180, and finds himself being ruthless, but he's just seeing that the world is in a different way.” Frank's botanist wife (Olivia Williams) has been battling with the top-secret compound's new commanding officer (CSI alum William Petersen who was a no-show at today's session). In regards to Petersen on the show, Manhattan EP and director Thomas Schlamme equated him to Warren Beatty in Robert Altman's McCabe & Mrs. Miller. Like Beatty in that western, Petersen's aura sends a clear message to the audience, so that the writers don't have to waste time explaining his character. “We had to feel that there's a new sheriff in town with Billy's character,” said Schlamme.
Schlamme also marveled about the creative license that Manhattan has in jumping its timeline around storywise. “Season 2 takes place over 15 months in 10 episodes, and there's even an episode that jumps ahead 6 months. Who knows if season 3 will take place over 17 days.”
Actress Rachel Brosnahan who plays houswife Abby Isaacs to husband scientist Charlie Isaacs (Ashley Zukerman), explained that in researching her role, she discovered that those who lived in Los Alamos, “had no idea what they were doing there. 70% went from being part of the best kept secret in the country to front page news.” In season 2, Abby vies to have a greater role in the cause, particularly given the fact that she, as a Jewish woman, has family in peril in Europe. Katja Herbers, who plays Helen Prins a female scientist who works alongside Charlie, indicated that her role continues to explore the plight of working women during the 1940s. “She realizes that she might not have gotten this job if it was for the war…she's more focused in season 2 than ever.”
“In terms of the information (that came out of Los Alamos) only 5% is said to have been revealed…As an actor when I first read the script, it was closer to iconography, but after season 2, what we're doing intelligently is a possible parallel to history. We don't know what happened here, but in a meta-storytelling way, it feeds into what we're telling,” added Zukerman. Like Frank Winter, Zukerman's Charlie is at a moral crossroads: “We don't know if he's going to save the world or end it. We don't know if he's doing it for the world or himself.”
Christopher Denham explained that his character of Jim Meeks, a scientist who is also part of Frank Winter's team, is passing along secrets in season 2: “We don't know yet to whom he's passing them to, nor what his motivations are,” but that it's “linked to the fact that Meeks' friend was arguably murdered by the government.”
Manhattan creator/writer and EP Sam Shaw was also in attendance at this afternoon's TCA panel. Dustin Thomason, David Ellison, Dana Goldberg and Marcy Ross also serve as EPs on Manhattan. The series is produced by Lionsgate Television, Skydance Television and Tribune Studios.
Allegations made by the government and establishment media that birth defects in the form of microcephaly in the Americas are caused by the ...
http://humansarefree.com/2016/09/brazil-admits-zika-is-not-causing-birth.html
Allegations made by the government and establishment media that birth defects in the form of microcephaly in the Americas are caused by the Zika virus are quickly waning.
New study finds no cases of microcephaly among pregnant women infected with Zika
"Four cases of microcephaly were reported with women who didn't have Zika symptoms and were not part of the study, which is consistent with the normal expected number of cases.
"Based on estimated numbers there should be about 60,000 pregnant women in Colombia with the Zika virus, yet there are hardly any cases of microcephaly. If the link to Zika is legitimate, there should have been a dramatic increase in the number of babies with microcephaly."
Five industries benefiting from the Zika virus
"The Zika hoax is being spread by the same con artist cartels that pushed the H1N1 and bird flu schemes to sell billions of dollars in vaccines... and most of those vaccines were later destroyed without ever having been administered to anyone," said the Health Ranger in a statement.
"Widespread fear mongering over Zika is just another predictable example of Big Pharma con artistry and government science quackery in action.
"At the end of all this, nearly all the children who are harmed by all this will have been harmed by the DEET and pesticide chemicals, not Zika virus."
Are pesticides responsible for birth defects in Brazil?
"We must follow the research to see where it leads and respond effectively while we protect pregnant women and their unborn babies regardless of the child's disability."
The left believes that using violence and intimidation against others is justified if it furthers their political agenda. Because of this, some college campuses are no longer safe places to discuss controversial ideas. Fortunately, some Republicans are fighting back.
For example, earlier this month, out of control liberals students and faculty overran Evergreen State College in Olympia, Washington. Hundreds swarmed the campus, interrupted classes, shouted down professors, and threatened violence. Despite this clear misconduct, the school administration did nothing to punish those who were responsible. As a result, a Republican lawmaker proposed a bill that would cut federal aid to the school.
Just recently, State Representative Matt Manweller introduced House Bill 2221. If passed, Evergreen would be turned into a private school, which would lead to the loss of $24,000,000 in public funding. He wants to defund the school because he claims that instead of teaching, the university faculty indoctrinates. “[They] are a taxpayer funded school and the taxpayers expect [them] to provide an environment of education not a dystopia of indoctrination,” he argued, adding, “if [their] goal is to create a modern-day version of a re-education camp, then [they should] do it on [their] own dime.”
His legislation is a direct response to behavior he saw several weeks ago on the campus. According to reports, Evergreen has an annual “Day of Absence.” Traditionally, students and faculty of color volunteered to not show up for the day to demonstrate their value. However, this year, since President Trump won the 2016 election, an email was sent to faculty demanding that white teachers not show up. Several teachers argued that having a day where people volunteer to not show up is not the same as having a day where people are told not to show up and therefore, decided to show up to school anyway.
One of the most vocal critics was Bret Weinstein, a liberal professor who teaches evolutionary biology. He sent out an email to the staff stating, “there is a huge difference between a group or coalition deciding to voluntarily absent themselves from a shared space in order to highlight their vital and under-appreciated roles (the theme of the Douglas Turner Ward play Day of Absence, as well as the recent Women's Day walkout), and a group or coalition encouraging another group to go away. The first is a forceful call to consciousness….the second is a show of force and an act of oppression in and of itself.”
Since he thought being told to not come to campus up was an act of oppression, he decided to push back by showing up. However, when he arrived, students disrupted his classes and labeled him a racist. Since then, he hasn't been able to go back on campus because local police officers say it's not safe.
Manweller believes that the school administrations are the ones to blame. During an interview with reporters, he said “the administration bears direct responsibility for this situation. They hired the professors who have elevated the pseudo-science of ‘social justice' to a religious movement. Now all dissent is crushed by threats of violence or actual violence.” By saying this, he's claiming that the obsession over “social justice” has led many to behave reprehensibly. “It is incredibly frightening that the administration at Evergreen would tacitly support Brownshirt tactics we have not seen since 1930s Germany. That they would allow students to threaten professors and other students based on their race is simply horrifying,” he added.
In addition to proposing the bill to defund Evergreen, Manweller also sent a letter to the state Human Rights Commission asking them to investigate the school for potential civil rights violations. “It is appalling we have professors and students being threatened based on their race on the Evergreen campus and no action has been taken. The Commission needs to address this in a thorough and timely manner,” he said in the letter, adding, “we have unsafe, hostile and unfair treatment occurring on the campus of one of our country's most liberal colleges. Discrimination should not be condoned anywhere, but to happen here is truly sad and discouraging. Campuses should be a place of rigorous, free debate that respects the marketplace of ideas from students and professors of all races, ethnicities or origins.”
The out-of-control authoritarian left must be stopped. To do so, Republicans need to continue to push for legislation defunding schools that indoctrinate rather than teach. Colleges should be a place where students are taught “how” to think, not “what to think.”
The Kerala high court in a recent judgment has stripped women of every last bit of agency, independence and self-determination, and reduced us to mere gendered bodies, incapable of making decisions. The judgment was delivered by the court while exercising parens patriate jurisdiction, defined as “the monarch, or any other authority, regarded as the legal protector of citizens unable to protect themselves (emphasis added).”
The citizen here is Akhila, a 24-year-old woman. As an adult citizen with a working mind, she should be free to take her own decisions, however odd others might find them, as long as they are not against law. But not according to the Kerala high court.
The Indian Express reports that Akhila left home to convert to Islam because she was attracted to its teachings. Akhila's father, K.M. Ashokan, filed a habeas corpus writ to bring her back home. Meanwhile, Akhila married Shafin Jahan, an active member of the Social Democratic Party of India. Following this, her father filed another petition asking that the marriage be annulled and that he be granted custody of Akhila – an adult woman. The high court, astonishingly, decided in favour of the father. After the order, the police reportedly took her to her parents' house, though she had earlier told the media that she does not want to stay with her parents.
A few excerpts from the judgment:
“A girl aged 24 years is weak and vulnerable, capable of being exploited in many ways “…the petitioner…given custody of Akhila. She shall be cared for, permitted to complete her house surgeon course…” “Her marriage being the most important decision in her life, can also be taken only with the active involvement of her parents.” (emphasis added)
The words of this judgment are so deeply patriarchal and unambiguous that there is absolutely no scope to give the court any benefit of doubt. A woman is always the property of a man, the court seems to have decided, and must always act in ways that are acceptable to that man.
‘Love jihad‘ and women
The Kerala high court has given an official stamp of recognition to idea of ‘love jihad' manufactured by Hindutva groups, going as far as to order the state's DGP to conduct a comprehensive investigation into cases of ‘love jihad'. Citing a previous Kerala high court judgment which had “taken note of the functioning of radical organisations pursuing activities of converting young girls of Hindu religion to Islam on the pretext of love,” the judges decided that “such activities are going on around us in our society”.
Now that the existence of ‘love jihad' has been “confirmed” by the court, let's look at where gendered bodies are located in this narrative. What apparently happens is that Muslim men, with the intention of jihad, falsely profess their love for Hindu women in order to convert them to Islam at the time of marriage. So while some jihadis pick up guns and bombs, others just marry Hindu women to further their aims.
What if we were assumed this to be true? What would that mean for a woman's identity? It infantilises her, assumes that she is completely incapable of knowing when someone wants to use her. She won't know why someone wants to marry her and will go ahead with it without thinking twice.
There is hardly any empirical research or documented evidence on the numbers of such cases and what happens to these marriages. Do these women realise after marriage that the love was a pretence or do they continue to feel true love post marriage? We don't know, but then this is not about women as humans, is it? It's about women as objects, as wombs, as producers of children. So when a Hindu woman becomes a Muslim, so does her womb and all the children that will come out of it in the future. That means an increase in the Muslim population, ergo jihad complete, ergo nationalism in danger.
‘Love jihad' myth and ‘honour' killings: Two sides of the same coin
Patriarchy controls a woman's body by restricting who she can marry, who she can have sex with and when, where she can go and her access to public spaces. The love jihad myth and ‘honour' killings are then based on the same logic – a world in which women are incapable of knowing what's best for them. Think about this: On May 17, 2017 a man was killed in his home in Jaipur, allegedly at the behest of his in-laws for marrying their daughter against their wishes. On May 19, 2017, barely two days later, a man beat up his daughter and then threw her into a canal when she insisted on marrying the man of her choice in Bharatpur. In March 2016, a 30-year-old woman was burnt alive in public by her brother because of her marriage to a man of another caste. We're used to reports like this – we see them almost every day.
‘Honour' killings and the love jihad myth are two sides of same coin – both are designed to control women's bodies and their reproductive capacity. The Kerala high court only nullified Akhila's marriage and not her conversion, so she continues to be a Muslim. This indicates that the nation is a stakeholder not in her personal faith but in her marriage. I assume Akhila's father will eventually marry her off to a man of his choice, presumably from the same religion and caste, and thereafter Akhila's offspring would belong to that identity. The nation has been saved.
Daughters as fathers' property
Finally, in what seems like a cruel joke, the judgment delves into a woman's independent ideas about her life and future. It reads,
“It is clear that Akhila has no consistent stand or a clear idea about her life or future. It is also clear that she is in a situation where she is acting on the diktats of some others who are bent upon taking her away from her parents.”
Why does it seem like Akhila's story is every Indian woman's story? Indian women are often seen as having no independent understanding of their future goals. The central government ran a big campaign for girl children, ‘Beti Padhao, Beti Bachao', with the objective of improving the sex ratio, better healthcare and higher quality education. But where is the campaign to inculcate the view that women are human? That a woman must always have a complete right over her life and body?
Muslim organisations in Kerala are now protesting against the judgment. Because in a world where women are not humans, this issue is not a women's issue but only a religious one.
Sanjukta Basu is a TED Fellow, feminist writer, photographer and scholar.
SAN FRANCISCO -- U.S. Soccer is deciding whether to sanction Women's Professional Soccer as a Division I league.
The WPS said Friday it had applied for another waiver of the federation's requirement that leagues field at least eight teams. The WPS played last season under a waiver with six teams.
After terminating its South Florida franchise last month, the league has five teams planned for next season, which would be its fourth.
WPS CEO Jennifer O'Sullivan notes the league set attendance records last season and plans future expansion. She says "we would hope that the federation would continue support for the only professional soccer league for women in the United States."
The WPS says it plans to continue discussions with U.S. Soccer to determine how to maintain its Division I status.
Copyright 2011 by The Associated Press
Hamilton's embattled transit division is facing another multi-million dollar shortfall this year, but despite successful advertising agencies, including Pattison and Corus Entertainment, seeking to offer the City more money for bus advertising, Council approved putting off competitive bids and failed to hold HSR managers to a 2015 deadline for the bids.
The HSR's current advertising agent, StreetSeen Media, was awarded exclusivity in 2004 when they won a five year contract.
Since 2009, the initial five-year contract has been repeatedly extended, and having failed to meet the latest deadline to put the contract out for bids, HSR managers have extended the contract for the past 17 months (and counting) without a Council vote.
Following questions from The Public Record for this story, the City says it will put the contract out to bid by the end of 2017. (Similar statements statements were issued in 2015 and 2016 regarding the end of those respective years.)
Screencapture / streetseenmedia.com
Since 2009, HSR managers have preferred to stick with the current advertising agent saying they enjoy a “good relationship” with company.
Among the primary reasons HSR managers cite is “StreetSeen Media have honoured their contractual obligations in terms of providing the HSR and the City with the use of any unsold advertising space free of charge” (2014 HSR management staff report)
The City gives StreetSeen exclusive control of advertising spaces on HSR buses, and since there is plenty of “unsold advertising space”, the City gets a lot of “free of charge” advertising on buses.
Most advertising on HSR vehicles is for City programs, with other ads generally public service advertisements about gambling, addictions, and health ailments. Debt companies, personal injury lawyers, and Money Mart are the other major advertisers on the HSR.
Outside wraps prove more popular with restaurants, malls, and higher-end jewelery stores among the purchasers of bus wraps.
Nicholas Kevlahan summed it up well in a comment on Raise The Hammer in 2013:
The problem is that the adverts on the HSR are not just generic public service messages, but are mostly aimed at social problems like alcoholism, child abuse, drug abuse (needle exchange programs), homelessness, emergency birth control, violence (“zero tolerance for violence”) and subsidy programs for the poor. And there are always many adverts aimed at raising money or awareness for diseases (often using deliberately shocking language to get attention “cystic fibrosis is like drowning on the inside”). Although these are worthy issues and programs, the net effect on bus riders is to make their ride depressing. Why are bus riders forced to look at this smorgasbord of misery each time they ride the bus? It broadcasts the message that society considers that bus riders are a group of poor, homeless, violent drug abusers. And any casual rider is likely to be shocked by this very unusual range of advertising and wonder what sort of company they've got themselves into. The contrast is driven home by the fact that the adverts on the OUTSIDE of the bus or, at bus shelters, are uniformly upbeat commercial ads for “normal” goods and services. In other words, society doesn't feel that motorists need to be informed of the important social problems and diseases that fill the inside of the bus. The irony is that one of the largest groups of HSR users are high school, university and college students … who are the prime target of advertisers. Why isn't the HSR highlighting the fact that many of their riders should in fact be a highly desirable audience? Part of making transit attractive is making the ride pleasant … filling the inside of the bus with depressing ads, full of graphic images and shocking messages, is not the way to succeed. Most other successful municipal transit systems do not do this, and neither does GO Transit.
Joey Coleman / The Public Record
2009 Five-Year Extension
The contract with StreetSeen media began in 2004 following a competitive bid process. The contract was for five years.
In 2009, HSR managers asked Council to not put the contract to competitive bids after receiving an “unsolicited” offer from StreetSeen Media to extend the contract for an additional five years.
This offer came with a minimum payment of $425,000 per year, up from $350,000 under the first contract.
Council approved the five year non-competitive extension.
Under the contracts, payments to the HSR are calculated as the greatest of the minimum payment or 60% of net revenue for advertising on the inside and outside of buses. HSR managers have refused to reveal how net revenue is calculated is.
During the 2004 – 2009 contract, StreetSeen only exceeded the minimum payment three times for a total of $93,725 during that period.
2014 Last Minute 21-Month Non-Competitive Extension
Five years later, with the StreetMedia contract extension expiring two weeks later on March 31, 2014, HSR Director Don Hull went in front of Councillors.
At the March 17 Public Works Committee meeting, Hull informed Councillors they needed to extend the 2004 contract by another 19 months in addition to the initial five year extension to give him and his managers time to prepare and conduct a bidding process.
If Council did not grant the extension, the HSR would loss revenue from having no advertising agent during a competitive bidding process.
As HSR managers were looking at extending under a “unsolicited offer” from StreetSeen Media, two of Canada's most successful advertising agencies were expressing interest in bidding in a competitive process.
Hull said the “unsolicited offer” was preferred as it provided a guaranteed minimum amount. “For the 2013 contract year, HSR received a minimum annual guaranteed payment of $425,000”, HSR managers wrote in their report.
Despite Pattison advertising's extensive experience, including being the exclusive agent of the TTC and recently Burlington Transit, Hull expressed concerns that a competitive bid process would result in bids that would not provide a minimum payment.
The new offer promised the HSR a 3.5% annual increase to the minimum payment.
“Predictable advertising revenues help ensure that the Transportation Division can effectively manage annual budget challenges”, HSR managers stated in the 2009 report.
Hull stated there were other advantages to the extension.
It would provide an opportunity to merge the bus shelter advertising contract with the on-bus contract at the end of 2015, and will take advantage of the significant advertising opportunity of the 2015 PanAm Games.
Hull stated advertising agencies would need a year in advance to book ad contracts for the games.
“21-months is not short term, let's face it”, Ward 8 Councillor Terry Whitehead told Hull.
He asked if Council still had the option to immediately go to RFP to see what the competitors would offer.
“The revenue generated is less than what was anticipated over this period of time”, Whitehead asked HSR Director Hull citing the City was only receiving the minimum payment.
“Actually, with respect to the bus advertising, we're very comfortable with the revenue generated”, Hull said. “Historically we've had a very good track record with them in terms of performance”.
Councillor Whitehead was the only member of Public Works Committee who opposed the extension.
Bus Shelter Contract Extensions
In October 2015, HSR managers came to Council asking for an extension of the bus shelter advertising contract with Outfront Media for an additional 12 months to have time to prepare a “high quality Request for Proposals (RFP) process”.
In September 2016, the HSR came back to Council asking for another year to complete the work. Both extensions were granted.
2016 Non-Council Approved Non-Competitive Extensions
HSR management never returned to Council for an extension of the 21-month StreetSeen extension.
The Public Record asked about this in March 2016.
On March 10, 2016, the City's Acting Director of Communications and Intergovernmental Relations Kwab Ako-Adjei wrote back:
There are two HSR related advertising contracts. One is for bus shelter advertising and the contract goes to Out Front Media. The bus advertising contract goes to Streetseen. Both contracts were expiring and needed to be addressed. In October 2015 staff extended Out Front's contract until December 31, 2016. For Streetseen they opted to go to a month-to-month contract extension. The existing contract is still valid. Staff are looking at creating a contract that would combine all related advertising into one big contract so that's why they've maintained month-to-month for now until they determine next steps.
StreetSeen Video Advertising on Buses
In early 2016, StreetSeen added video advertising displays on some HSR vehicles.
As seen in the StreetSeen promotional video below (and yes, this is the official video), some of the video displays are installed in such a way that passengers heads are likely to strike the hard screen surface in the event of a collision.
I asked HSR Director David Dixon about this design placement and safety risk in March 2016. All Dixon would say, and I really tried to get information from him, is that the project was outside of his control.
Asked who installed them, Dixon directed me to the City Manager's Office, which in turn directed me back to Dixon.
Dixon responded The Public Record‘s questions about liability in the event of head injuries from contact with the video boards in a collision. He stated the liability is held by the City.
Dixon noted there are not provincial safety standards for the internal layout of public transit vehicles. When asked if he approved the placement of the screens, Dixon directed me back to City communications staff.
The video advertising displays were not expanded beyond the initial deployment, but remain in place on buses that were part of the first round of installation.
It's not known what revenue the HSR is presently receiving from StreetSeen Media, or any details about the video display costs or revenues
Response to TPR's Inquires
The Public Record reached out to the City's Manager of Revenue Generation John Hertel.
In the 2014 video above, then-HSR Director Hull repeatedly pointed to Hertel – who was not present at the meeting – as the person who would be responsible for the file.
Hertel says the bus advertising contract file was never transferred to his office, and his office “have always offered to provide support if requested” by the HSR.
Ward 4 Councillor Sam Merulla, who was critical in 2014 when he voted for the first extension, says he wants answers from staff about why Council wasn't informed of the extension of the past 17 months, and looks forward to a competitive bid being completed:
I believe the process has been flawed but mitigated by the fact we had a change in management at both the Public Works department and HSR. Ultimately the taxpayer is best served with a open transparent process unless it is otherwise justified with evidence based variables. I look forward to a thorough report outlining the rationale of the delay and the status of this initiative.
Present HSR Director Debbie Dalle-Vedove, who started in the role at the end of September last year, tells The Public Record “I can advise that staff has been working on finalizing the RFP and we will be going out to market this fall.”
We'll have to wait and see.
Kevin Sheehan with the homemade pond he has been asked to remove (Picture: SWNS)
A man has claimed he has been told to remove a pond in his back garden because it could pose a danger to burglars.
Kevin Sheehan said he was told by his housing association that if someone breaks into his garden they could fall in as it is hidden from view the other side of his fence.
The 62-year-old's pond is home to 80 fish and is surrounded by concrete blocks to prevent his one-year-old daughter, Olivia, falling in.
He said he has been threatened with an eviction notice unless the pond is demolished within three weeks.
He said: ‘I was thinking of my daughter's safety and was building it up another two blocks.
‘I had it at the old height for about 15 years and it's never been a problem.
‘The reason they gave was if someone breaks into the back garden they can fall in the pond because there's a six-foot fence all round and they can't see it.
Kevin says he has been threatened with eviction (Picture: SWNS)
‘I said ‘well they shouldn't be breaking in'.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
Kevin's fish, including Koi carp, fantails and goldfish, are currently swimming in a small covered pond at the bottom of his garden while he extends their normal home.
But he has also been ordered to get rid of the second pond – because it ‘could impact on the safety of the residents or general public'.
A spokeswoman for his housing association, Sovereign, said: ‘We don't want to prevent anyone enjoying hobbies which may include fish keeping in a garden pond but, as the landlord, we do ask residents to get our permission if they intend running a business from their home or building a permanent structure.
‘Due to the substantial size of the pond we're talking to our insurance company and with the resident about how we might resolve this.'
The housing association did not comment on Kevin's claims about the pond posing a risk to burglars.
MORE: Asda store warns customers after 20,000 caterpillar invasion
Uber has a remarkably rich history of upsetting local city transportation officials by setting up shop before laws and regulations have been ironed out. And that's just what's happening tonight in Portland, Oregon where Uber apparently surprised everyone by launching its ridesharing service without the approval of the city's transportation bureau.
"Apparently, they believe they're gods."
If caught, fines for both Uber and its drivers are steep, running $1,500 for the company (for the first offense) and up to $2,250 for the driver, with those fines going up to $5,000 for additional violations. And the city says it's on the lookout. "They think they can just come in here and flagrantly violate the law?" Portland's transportation commissioner Steve Novick told The Oregonian. "This is really amazing. Apparently, they believe they're gods." An Uber spokeswoman said the company plans to support drivers there "every step of the way." It's currently unclear if that means Uber plans to foot the bill for those fines.
Uber's entrance to the city is complicated due to Portland's proximity to neighboring cities where Uber is allowed, including right across the bridge to Vancouver, Washington. Drivers in those places can pick people up and take them into Portland within minutes, meaning whatever return trip to those areas requires riding without a paid passenger on the way back.
In a press release condemning the move, Novick says the city is still in the process of reevaluating its taxi laws to allow companies like Uber and Lyft to operate. Like just about every other city that's had issues, the concern centers on insurance and background checks on drivers. Traditional taxi companies require drivers to have certain rates of commercial insurance and annual background checks, whereas there's been less of a guarantee among the various transportation companies. Novick notes that he invited Uber and Lyft to submit changes to existing laws and regulations, but that "Uber has chosen instead to break the law."
Uber's been under close scrutiny from regulators in much of the US, Europe, and more recently in Southeast Asia. Its business has also been under a microscope for aggressively going after competitors (including Lyft), promising its drivers riches, and for executive gaffes. Just yesterday Uber referred to those maladies as "growing pains" on its way to becoming a larger company thanks to another $1.2 billion in funding.
Not everything went as expected Saturday, the first day of the United States Women's and Junior Championships, which are being held concurrently at the Chess Club and Scholastic Center of Saint Louis.
All the games among the women were decisive and, with one minor exception, all the higher-ranked players won. But the favorites among the junior players both suffered setbacks. Ray Robson, the top seed and the only grandmaster in the tournament, barely managed to draw against Eric Rosen, a master and the lowest-ranked player in the event, while Samuel Shankland, an international master and the No. 2 seed, lost to Parker Zhao, another master.
Shankland's loss may not have been as surprising as it appeared. Though he is only 18, he has said recently that he is done with playing chess competitively and he is “retiring” after this tournament.
The two championships are 10-player, round-robin events in which each player faces all the other competitors once.
Though there are large differences in the rankings of the top and bottom players in both events, the early struggles by the top juniors suggests the tournaments could be quite competitive. And if the high number of decisive results in the first round is any indication, the tournaments will also be very entertaining.
The games can be followed live online. Round 2 on Sunday is at 2 P.M., central daylight time.
"Teleportation is awesome. It's like fast travel, but... faster. Maybe we should rethink this whole 'blow up the Institute' thing."
Settlement Teleporters
Molecular Relay
Minuteman Alert System
Institute Alert System
slaves
You Might Also Enjoy
-The Sole Survivor, probablyAre you tired of walking halfway across the Commonwealth every time your settlers see a vaguely menacing Bloatfly? Not charismatic enough to set up supply lines? Want the Minutemen to truly live up to their name? Or maybe Piper lives in Sanctuary, Cait's on Spectacle Island, and you just want more convenient booty calls. (I'm not here to judge) Teleportation can solve all of these issues - at a fairly steep setup cost.First you'll need to retrieve a schematic holotape from the Institute's Advanced Systems department. If that's... no longer possible... you can also find one which miraculously survived the explosion nearby. Quest markers will point you in the right direction. The tape contains a bit of backstory on the Institute's PERC project and grants access to the following devices:This smaller, specialized version of the Institute's Molecular Relay acts as a transport hub. All settlements with a powered Relay will share resources, even if no supply line has been set up between them. Using a connected terminal, the player can instantly teleport to any other settlement with a powered Relay - even if that settlement is in Far Harbor, Nuka World, or another mod's worldspace! As your Relay network grows, so will the defensive advantages they provide to each settlement.Want to automatically summon help during an attack? Connect this "turret" to a Relay and it will call for reinforcements when it detects an intruder. One Minuteman is teleported in per linked settlement. Of course, this requires a functioning Minutemen organization, so you'll need to complete Taking Independence before you can build these.Or, if you'd rather not have puny humans protecting yoursettlers, this "turret" will summon Gen-2 synths during settlement attacks. You'll need to have been made Director before the Institute is willing to contribute synths to your little settlement project. Between one and four will arrive at a time (that's all they can spare on short notice).Feel like double-dipping? A Sole Survivor who leads both factions can use both alert systems simultaneously.This mod uses the same workshop linkage system as vanilla provisioners, so it should be compatible with other mods which alter workshop behavior. If two settlements already have a supply line between them when a Relay is powered on, the provisioner will automatically be freed up to take other jobs.Occasionally a Relay will have difficulty registering itself when powered on. This can occur when other scripts are trying to access the workshop system at the same time (for example, when a number of Sim Settlements homes are being constructed). The Relay will keep trying until it succeeds, at which point the "powered on" animation plays.Up to 50 Relays can be active at a time - enough for every settlement in the base game, all DLCs, and a dozen or so from other mods.This mod is as lore-friendly as I could make it, given the premise. Seems plausible that the Institute would try to develop an energy-efficient teleporter for surface outposts.
In Yamal the sacred places "Kan-to" and "Toyay-schu pulnyana" will be included into the register of objects of cultural heritage of regional significance, IA «Sever-Press» reports. From Nenets language "Kan-to" is translated as "the lake is the God's gift" and "Toyay-schu pulnyana" means "the breath of the heavenly lake". The sacred places are situated in the locality of Lake Numto of Nadym district.
Both objects are referred to the end of the 19th century. This information was given to a correspondent of IA "Sever-Press" by the chief of the office on popularization of objects of cultural heritage at the regional department of culture Galina Kuray. According to her words, last year specialists defined borders of territories of the sacred places and also historical and cultural value and the subject-matter of protection.
Now the register of monuments of culture and history includes 24 objects of cultural heritage of regional significance. Two of them became monuments of federal significance – the sacred place Ust-Poluy and the ancient settlement Mangazeya. 17 objects were included into the unified state register of objects of cultural heritage of peoples of Russia. Each of them received the registration identity number that is unique and cannot be given to another monument.
Beloved former Toronto mayor David Crombie is begging his friend, Mayor John Tory (open John Tory's policard), not to proceed with his Gardiner expressway plan, which, he says, is “tragically wrong” for future generations of Torontonians. Crombie, 79, told reporters at city hall Monday that he has exchanged notes on the issue with Tory, who is urging councillors to vote next week to maintain the elevated Gardiner connection to the Don Valley Pkwy.
Former Toronto chief planner Paul Bedford, left; former Toronto Mayor David Crombie; City Councillor Pam McConnell, and Ryerson University President Sheldon Levy, at city hall, all spoke in favour of city council voting to tear down the east Gardiner Expressway and against Mayor John Tory's preferred option of maintaining the expressway's elevated link to the Don Valley Pkwy. ( David Rider / Toronto Star )
Crombie, who endorsed Tory for mayor, joined Sheldon Levy, the Ryerson University president who served on Tory's transition team, and former Toronto chief planner Paul Bedford, urging council to tear down the east Gardiner. “I just think (Tory)'s wrong on this issue, as its stands so far — tragically wrong — because we have such an extraordinary opportunity to create a boulevard,” between Jarvis Street and the DVP, Crombie said. He called on Tory not to force a vote at next week's city council meeting, but to wait for more information, on public housing implications and more, and then to seek a council consensus.
Article Continued Below
“He's a good man and I hope he listens to what we say,” Crombie said of Tory in his first public appearance since the sudden death in April of his actor son Jonathan, 48. The Gardiner made sense when it was built in the 1950s, but the city, people and the way they get around have changed, Crombie said, and, he added, “Shame on you!” if you don't update your thinking for the 21st century. “Now is the time to take the Gardiner down,” Crombie said. “If we had the same vision that (former Metro chair Fred) Gardiner had to build it, to take her now down and finish the job ... then I think I can hear Gardiner clapping.” Tory is not wavering, his office said after the presentations, in support for the “hybrid” plan to take down the Gardiner only east of the Don River, leading to Logan Ave., and to build new ramps at Cherry St. Tory spokeswoman Amanda Galbraith said in an email: “Despite today's presentation, severing the link between the DVP and the Gardiner would have significant negative impacts not only in how the people of Toronto get around the city, but also how goods and materials are moved and in overall productivity.”
A city-Waterfront Toronto study estimated full removal would cost $461 million long-term and make commutes two to three minutes longer than partial removal, while a University of Toronto study said the delay could be as much as 10 minutes. They hybrid option is forecast to cost $919 million long-term.
Article Continued Below
Levy, who has been lauded for integrating Ryerson's campus into the downtown core, said: “Choosing people before cars ... is in the best interests of our city.” Hours after the morning news conference, however, the push to tear down the Gardiner was dealt a blow when Toronto's public health committee voted not to forward to council a report by the medical officer of health. The report looks at the environmental assessment through the lens of health and concludes the removal option is best for Torontonians. Some health board members, however, said cars sitting in gridlock would increase pollution. They worried that removing the expressway would harm the economy, and, by extension, residents' health. Councillors will still be able to cite the report during council debate, but medical officer of health Dr. David McKeown will not present his findings or take questions on them at next week's debate.
Read more about:
Evolutionists continue to attempt to explain the presence of soft tissue in a T Rex bone a year ago.
Last year at about this time, it was disclosed that scientists had made an amazing discovery of a Tyrannosaurus rex thigh bone that still retained well-preserved soft tissue (which included blood vessels and cells). For evolutionists who argue that dinosaurs died about 65 million years ago, it was a startling discovery. AiG–USA's Dr. David Menton (who holds a Ph.D. in cell biology from Brown University) wrote at the time that it “certainly taxes one's imagination to believe that soft tissue and cells could remain so relatively fresh in appearance for the tens of millions of years of supposed evolutionary history.”1
For evolutionists who argue that dinosaurs died about 65 million years ago, it was a startling discovery.
At the annual meeting of the prestigious American Association for the Advancement of Science (AAAS) held in St. Louis, Missouri, USA, late last month (and which was attended by Dr. Menton), the North Carolina State University paleontologist who had announced the find last year, Dr. Mary Schweitzer, elaborated on the discovery that continues to shock the paleontological community. Evolutionists like her have been scrambling for 12 months to explain away this powerful evidence that dinosaurs have been around in relatively recent times. At the AAAS meeting, Dr. Schweitzer, as recorded by National Geographic, explained how she has been trying “to make sense of the surprising discovery, [and that] scientists are beginning to rethink a long-standing model of how the fossilization process works. … Traditional ideas of how fossils form do not allow for the preservation of soft, perishable organic tissues.” 2
Schweitzer also said at the AAAS conference that “we propose now that soft-tissue components of bone might persist in a lot more different animals, in a lot more ages and environments, than we once thought.”3 So steadfast is she in her long-age belief, Dr. Schweitzer will not even consider a re-think of her view that dinosaurs perished 65 million years ago. So she continues a search for an explanation of how soft tissue could have survived so well preserved for a long time.
What did the researchers find?
A year ago this month, the journal Science reported that a team led by Dr. Schweitzer found flexible connective tissue and branching blood vessels, as well as intact cells (that have the appearance of red blood cells) and osteocytes (bone cells) in the femur (thigh bone) of a “68-million-year-old” T. rex uncovered in Montana.
As summarized by Dr. Menton last year4:
The T. rex was deposited in sandstone of “estuarine” origin, meaning that the animal was buried in rock layers laid down by water (no surprise here for the creationists—see “Genesis and catastrophe”). Since the bone looked relatively unfossilized, researchers, using weak acid, dissolved the mineral from a piece of the dinosaur bone (much the same way as the common science class exercise where chicken leg bones are soaked in vinegar for a week to make them rubbery). In fresh bones, the acid removes the hard mineral, leaving only organic material such as fibrous connective tissue, blood vessels and various cells. By comparison, if one were to demineralize a typical well-permineralized fossil, there would be nothing left. The acid-treated T. rex bone fragment, however, produced a flexible and elastic structure similar to what you would get from a fresh bone. When the demineralized T. rex bone was examined under the microscope, it revealed small branching translucent blood vessels with what appeared to be red blood cells inside. … The report would have been an interesting scientific contribution if the writers had ended on the note that old dinosaur bones look surprisingly young. But this would hardly serve as evidence for their millions of years of evolution.
To see the startling photos of the dinosaur tissue and to read more about this find, go to Still soft and stretchy.
Schweitzer, reports National Geographic, said that she will be continuing to study possible ways to explain this phenomenon, which was previously thought to be impossible. To illustrate the challenge being faced (although she claims to be on one possible track5), she showed two photographs and stated: “One of these cells is 65 million years old, and one is about 9 months old. Can anyone tell me which is which?”
Her inferred answer was no.
Will evolutionists now be convinced to think about rewriting dinosaur history?
As AiG wrote in a news release 12 months ago about this find (in a release which was distributed nationwide to the secular media):
The tissue/blood vessels are not millions of years old at all, but were mostly fossilized under catastrophic conditions a few thousand years ago at most. (I.e., by the global Flood of Noah's time, about 4,300 years ago.) The deeply entrenched idea of long ages is so dominant in most of the scientific establishments that facts will not undermine the evolution belief system. … Philosophers of science like Thomas Kuhn have pointed out what generally happens when a discovery contradicts a paradigm: the paradigm is not discarded but modified. Years ago when a startled Dr. Schweitzer found what appeared to be blood cells in a T. rex bone, she said, “it was exactly like looking at a slice of modern bone. But, of course, I couldn't believe it. … The bones, after all, are 65 million years old. How could blood cells survive that long?” Her first reaction was to question the evidence, not the paradigm. Almost certainly this astonishing discovery will become an “accepted” phenomenon that even “stretchy” soft tissues must be somehow capable of surviving for millions of years … and “stretching” beyond belief the idea that the evolutionary timetable concerning dinosaurs can be true.
Regardless of how the evolutionist community finally decides what to do with this fossil conundrum, the creationists now possess immensely powerful evidence against the well-publicized belief that dinosaurs lived millions of years ago and instead have tremendous support for the biblical timeline of a recent creation.
A 54-year-old Buford man claims a pistol-bearing older man assaulted him during a Christmas Eve confrontation at a Dacula QuikTrip.
The Buford man told police he won a prize in a scratch-off lottery game at the Hamilton Mill Parkway QuikTrip and walked up to the counter to inform the clerk. He then reportedly heard another customer ask the clerk to speak louder because of the "yapping."
According to the police report, the Buford man took offense and replied, "Dogs yap, I'm a grown man."
At that point, the other customer allegedly told the Buford man to shut up. The Buford man responded by telling the man to perform a physically impossible sexual act and walked outside.
The Buford man was still standing outside the QuikTrip when the other customer walked by and "muttered something to him." The Buford man asked if the other customer had something to say, at which point the other customer reportedly walked to his black Porsche Cayman, pulled out a black semiautomatic pistol and pointed it at the Buford man.
"The [Buford man] then ran to his truck and got his gun. The suspect then drove off," the officer wrote in the incident report.
A clerk at the store corroborated the Buford man's account of what transpired in the store and added that as the Buford man was walking outside, the customer said the man should walk way because he had "an equalizer" and would "light his ass."
The Porsche-driving customer was described as an older white man, approximately 5-foot-8, weighing 160 pounds.
The case is listed as active.
You might also be interested in reading:
Store Employees Reportedly Robbed at Gunpoint
Cigarette Dispute Leads to Three Arrests
Dacula Docket Book for Dec. 29
Melvyn Bragg and his guests discuss absolute zero, the lowest conceivable temperature. In the early eighteenth century the French physicist Guillaume Amontons suggested that temperature had a lower limit. The subject of low temperature became a fertile field of research in the nineteenth century, and today we know that this limit - known as absolute zero - is approximately minus 273 degrees Celsius. It is impossible to produce a temperature exactly equal to absolute zero, but today scientists have come to within a billionth of a degree. At such low temperatures physicists have discovered a number of strange new phenomena including superfluids, liquids capable of climbing a vertical surface.
With:
Simon Schaffer
Professor of the History of Science at the University of Cambridge
Stephen Blundell
Professor of Physics at the University of Oxford
Nicola Wilkin
Lecturer in Theoretical Physics at the University of Birmingham
Producer: Thomas Morris.
Have you ever wondered who invented chess? When I was about 12 years old my uncle once told me a story about how Chess was invented. Hundreds and hundreds of years ago there was a King in India who loved to play games. But he had gotten bored of the games that were present at the time and wanted a new game that was much more challenging. He commissioned a poor mathematician who lived in his kingdom to come up with a new game. After months of struggling with all kinds of ideas the mathematician came up with the game of Chaturanga. The game had two armies each lead by a King who commanded the army to defeat the other by capturing the enemy King. It was played on a simple 8x8 square board. The King loved this game so much that he offered to give the poor mathematician anything he wished for. "I would like one grain of rice for the first square of the board, two grains for the second, four grains for the third and so on doubled for each of the 64 squares of the game board" said the mathematician. "Is that all?" asked the King, "Why don't you ask for gold or silver coins instead of rice grains". "The rice should be sufficient for me." replied the mathematician. The King ordered his staff to lay down the grains of rice and soon learned that all the wealth in his kingdom would not be enough to buy the amount of rice needed on the 64th square. In fact the whole kingdoms supply of rice was exhausted before the 30th square was reached. "You have provided me with such a great game and yet I cannot fulfill your simple wish. You are indeed a genius." said the King and offered to make the mathematician his top most advisor instead. After hearing that story I was obsessed with wanting to know exactly how many grains of rice would be needed on the 64th square and how much total rice would be needed for all 64 squares. Personal computers were not available then (this is around 1978) and so I set out to find the answer using my dads' TI calculator. I think the calculator had about ten digits on it; and that was considered top of the line then. Within a minute or two of starting the calculator hit its limit. But I really wanted to know the answer, so I kept going and did the calculations by hand. After spending most of my Sunday morning doing arithmetic I finally had the answers: 9,223,372,036,854,775,808 on the 64th square and 18,446,744,073,709,551,615 total for the whole board That's about 18 billion billion. So if a bag of rice contained a billion grains, you would need 18 billion such bags. But actually a real bag of rice weighing 100 pounds has less than 3 million grains. This story about the King is most likely not true. But it is true that there was an ancient Indian game called Chaturanga and it is believed that modern Chess evolved from it. However some scholars argue that China is the true birthplace of Chess. So we may never know the real answer. Anyways, if you like to play Chess, you should definitely check out Arimaa.
Animal Theme
Chess Set
* Weighted pieces
* Marble design board
* 2 great games in 1
* Fun for kids In Stock
Japan's top government spokesman said on Friday he expects banks to be asked to help ease the burden faced by Tokyo Electric Power Co to cope with massive compensation claims from victims of the crisis at its Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant.
"The accident occurred on March 11. Accidents like this are factored into loans made prior to that. Naturally, I expect financial institutions to be asked for cooperation in light of Tokyo Electric's new financial standing," Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told a regular news conference.
Edano's comment comes after the government agreed earlier on the day to set up a fund with taxpayer money to help Tokyo Electric compensate victims of the crisis at its tsunami-crippled nuclear plant and avoid financial collapse.
Tepco's main creditor bank, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corp, and other lenders provided Tokyo Electric with $23.4 billion in emergency loans in the immediate aftermath of the disasters.
"Loans extended to Tokyo Electric after the accident are different, and this must be known well among the Japanese people," Edano said, in response to a question about the possibility of some loans being forgiven.
"As for loans made before March 11, this is still a matter between private companies and I want to watch what I say. But, like you said, I don't think it (banks not forgiving any loans made before March 11) would win the people's understanding."
