It would be an understandable assumption for one to make, that feminism is by definition, a liberal idea. Liberalism, being founded on the principles of liberty and equality ought to be, therefore, in favour of feminism. This essay will argue that this, to some extent, is true. It is that liberalism necessarily requires feminism, however, feminism is not inherently liberal. These two radical ideas are, in fact, opposing views. This essay will evaluate the principles of both liberalism and feminism, particularly women's suffrage, and the reduction of state power over people's private lives, as well as liberals advocacy of feminism against the ideas of the radical feminists, in order to argue that feminism is, in actuality, a critic of liberalism.
The spine of liberal ideology is the separation between one's public and private life. Without this principle, one's ideas cannot be considered liberal. In his 1911 essay Liberalism, Leonard Hobhouse stated that “[the state] must give the average man free play in the personal life for which he really cares.” This line is explicitly anti-woman, and by definition, anti-feminist. To say that the state should have no control over what one does behind one's closed doors is inherently dangerous. It is to say, for example, that the state should continue not legislate the rape of wives by their husbands, as was the case in 1911. It is clear that men of today and 1911 hold the power within the domestic arena via their use of violence, and their monopoly on the monetary proceedings of their household. In 2015, roughly 1 million women reported their experience of domestic abuse, though this number is largely considered to be far under the real statistic. The liberal idea that the state should have no sway in the domestic arena is actively, therefore, protecting and aiding the perpetuation of patriarchal violence.
It can, of course, be argued that the state's neutral position on the people's private lives cannot be an active part in anything. This is, however, a false assumption. Pacifism, objectively supports the oppressor, it is as Desmond Tutu said, “if you are neutral in situations of injustice, you have chosen the side of the oppressor.” The state, therefore, by being what it believes to be a neutral player in the male-dominated domestic arena, is in fact playing an active role in the continuation of the oppression of women. It is clear that state interference in the domestic arena in the case of one's life being threatened can only be a good thing. The statistics show that the amount of rapes being reported since marital rape became illegal in 1990 has been on the increase, meaning that rapists are therefore more likely to be imprisoned for their crime(s). The feminist idea, consequently, that the state should be actively protecting women from sexual violence clearly poses an immense challenge to the very fundamental ideas of liberalism.
Commonly referred to as the “father of liberalism,” John Locke argued that the state is built for the social contract and thus, ensures the protection of both personal and private property, and is hence gender neutral. This, however, ignores the demographics of the state, which are key to understanding the way it functions. As of the 2017 general election, 68% of Parliamentarians are male. The state's actions are determined by its demographics, for example, if the state is dominated with conservatives, it thereby stands that the actions of the state will be conservative in nature. In much the same way, if the state and its institutions are dominated by men, it will naturally act in its own self interest, the interest of men. That is to say, that it will put the needs of men before the needs of the women, and thus cannot guarantee the individual rights of the women and children that it claims to act for. It can, as a consequence, be concluded that the state is not in fact, gender neutral, and more so, in favour of the rights and needs of men.
The state, an imperative component of a liberal society, is just as necessary a component of patriarchy. Throughout all history, there has been a continuous attempt by the state to stall, halt, and reverse the rights of women. From the imprisonment of the suffragettes, to the modern U.S. government's attempts at criminalizing abortion, it is clear that where patriarchy exists, there necessarily requires a state for its continuation. The liberal state, through its refusal to step in when the lives of its women are threatened, but allowing the more individualist demands come through, is merely serving to women “a piece of the pie as currently and poisonously baked.”
Advertisements
Alfa Romeo Giulia sales surpassed one thousand units in the United States while totaling 75 units in Canada in July 2017.
Alfa Romeo Giulia Sales – July 2017 – United States
Alfa Romeo Giulia deliveries in the United States totaled 1,104 units in July 2017. The results represent the model's best monthly U.S. sales performance since launching in the December 2016 – January 2017 timeframe.
In the first seven months of 2017, sales of the compact sport-luxury sedan totaled 4,578 units.
Sales Numbers - Alfa Romeo Giulia - July 2017 - United States
MODEL JUL 2017 / JUL 2016 JULY 2017 JULY 2016 YTD 2017 / YTD 2016 YTD 2017 YTD 2016 GIULIA * 1,104 * * 4,578 *
Alfa Romeo Giulia Sales – July 2017 – Canada
In Canada, the Giulia recorded 75 deliveries in July 2017. In the first seven months of the year, Gilia sales totaled 261 units in Canada.
Sales Numbers - Alfa Romeo Giulia - July 2017 - Canada
MODEL JUL 2017 / JUL 2016 JULY 2017 JULY 2016 YTD 2017 / YTD 2016 YTD 2017 YTD 2016 GIULIA * 75 * * 261 *
The Fiat Chrysler Authority Take
The Alfa Romeo Giulia is the newest model in its competitive set, and its July sales performance puts it behind much of its direct rivals in terms of sales volume. Namely, the Giulia's best month yet was no match for the BMW 3/4 series, Mercedes-Benz C-Class, Audi A4/A5, Lexus IS/RC, Infiniti Q50/Q60, or Acura TLX — all of which posted significantly higher sales volumes than the newest sport-lux compact sedan from Italy. However, the Giulia did outsell the Cadillac ATS and Volvo S60/V60 family during the month, which is no small feat for a brand and model with little recognition in the U.S. market and in its highly-competitive set.
It will be interesting to see how the Giulia performs in the coming months, given that the market continues to be hungry for crossovers at the expense of sedans and coupes.
Sales Numbers - Compact Luxury Cars - July 2017 - United States
MODEL JUL 2017 / JUL 2016 JULY 2017 JULY 2016 YTD 2017 / YTD 2016 YTD 2017 YTD 2016 3 SERIES -24.87% 5,123 6,819 -15.98% 27,707 32,976 4 SERIES +41.14% 4,494 3,184 +5.58% 20,351 19,276 C-CLASS -22.45% 4,889 6,304 +8.81% 47,451 43,609 A4 +1.53% 2,652 2,612 +13.63% 19,921 17,531 A5 +203.09% 2,255 744 +77.12% 8,994 5,078 TLX -20.13% 2,495 3,124 -2.16% 21,560 22,037 Q50 -7.45% 2,596 2,805 -3.73% 22,199 23,059 Q60 +1,133.87% 765 62 +797.32% 6,703 747 IS -29.41% 2,443 3,461 -28.16% 14,771 20,560 RC -46.57% 522 977 -42.24% 3,621 6,269 GIULIA * 1,104 * * 4,578 * S60 -51.50% 904 1,864 -10.41% 6,853 7,649 S60 CC -23.81% 32 42 -61.60% 139 362 V60 -68.49% 121 384 -20.25% 1,690 2,119 V60 CC -62.54% 127 339 +9.56% 1,604 1,464 ATS -63.33% 777 2,119 -32.79% 7,986 11,883 TOTAL -10.16% 31,299 34,840 +0.70% 216,128 214,619
More Information & Sales Reporting
Pastor John Hagee is warning members of his megachurch to prepare for the end of the world because a “blood moon” eclipse on Tuesday is signaling that the End Times could be beginning.
On Tuesday, most of the United States will be treated to the first of four complete lunar eclipses — which scientists call a tetrad — occurring in six-month intervals. The eclipses are often referred to as “blood moons” because as sunlight shines on the moon through the Earth's atmosphere, it gives the moon a red color.
Hagee, pastor of Texas' Cornerstone Church, has written a book on the phenomenon titled Blood Moons: Something is About to Change. And he is airing a live television event on Tuesday to reveal “direct connections between four upcoming blood-moon eclipses and what they portend for Israel and all humankind.”
“Is this the end of the age?” Hagee asked during a recent sermon, before quoting Acts 2:19-20: And I will show wonders in Heaven above and signs in the Earth beneath, the sun shall be turned into darkness and the moon into blood before the coming of the great and awesome day of the Lord.”
“I believe that the heavens are God's billboard, that he has been sending signals to planet Earth,” he explained. “God is literally screaming at the world, ‘I'm coming soon.'”
Hagee predicted that the four eclipses were signaling a “world-shaking event that will happen between April 2014 and October 2015.”
“God sends plant Earth a signal that something big is about to happen! He's controlling the Sun and the moon right now to send our generation a signal, but the question is, are we getting it?”
Watch the video below from Full Tree Ministries, broadcast April 14, 2014.
Watch the video below from Full Tree Ministries.
Watch the video below from GeoBeats News.
× Sold out! All available tickets for Packers Family Night have been purchased
GREEN BAY — All available tickets for “Packers Family Night, Presented by Bellin Health” have been sold, the organization reported Tuesday, June 23rd. Nearly 75,000 tickets for the August 8th event have been distributed.
This year's sellout marks the ninth time in its 15 years the event has sold all available tickets.
‘Family Night' will feature a full practice in order for the team to accomplish its preparation goals for the regular season. The full practice will include 11-on-11 sessions with live contact. The evening remains family-focused and will feature a game-like atmosphere with use of the video boards, gameday music and a fireworks show at the end of the night.
Gates will open at 5:30 p.m. and the Packers' 2014 highlight film will be playing on the video boards as fans enter the stadium.
Activities include the popular Chili's “Jerseys Off Our Backs” promotion with Packers jerseys – all of which will have been worn by Packers players in the just-completed practice – to be given away in a random drawing, the Copps–Pick ‘N Save Family Night Picnic and the spectacular Copps–Pick ‘N Save Fireworks Show to conclude the event.
Check www.packers.com as the event approaches for further details about on-field activities and entertainment highlights.
Parking for the event will be $5, with net proceeds to be donated to the Wendy's Wonderful Kids Program.
In case of inclement weather, no refunds will be issued unless all stadium activities – from 5:30 p.m. until the end of the fireworks show – are cancelled.
Fans not attending the event can watch it on FOX6!
The entire training camp schedule is available online at www.packers.com.
The Southern Poverty Law Center is famous for their listing of “hate groups,” ones that “have beliefs or practices that attack or malign an entire class of people, typically for their immutable characteristics.”
So if you say nasty, untrue things about black people (like the KKK) or LGBT individuals (like the Illinois Family Institute), you're on the list.
Evangelical churches aren't on the list just because they think, for example, that homosexuality is a sin. “Loving the sinner while hating the sin,” even if you don't buy it, isn't the same as saying there's something psychologically wrong with gay people.
The American Family Association has long argued that the list is unfair to certain Christian groups, so they've now created their own version of a hate group list.
The AFA Bigotry Map identifies “groups and organizations that openly display bigotry toward the Christian faith.”
Who's on the list?
Basically every atheist and pro-LGBT-rights group out there, including local and college groups.
That's not a joke: They've listed a number of groups whose members' worst crime is disagreeing with Christianity and creating a safe space for atheists to discuss their doubts:
Seriously, when college atheist groups are on your list, it just evidence of how little anti-Christian bigotry there really is out there.
They even have a whole section dedicated to “Humanist” groups, which is mind-boggling if you know what that word means.
Also on the list are national organizations that support LGBT rights (like the Human Rights Campaign), fight First Amendment battles when Christians overstep their bounds (like the Freedom From Religion Foundation), and call out actual hateful groups (like the Southern Poverty Law Center, of course).
The AFA writes:
Some members or supporters of these groups have committed violent crimes against Christians and faith-based groups. Physical and profane verbal assaults against Christians are methods frequently exercised in their angry methods of intimidation.
They never actually explain those crimes or why these groups deserve to be on the list.
If the AFA wants to play the game where an organization is responsible for every action taken by its members, I promise you every megachurch in the country would be guilty of harboring someone who has committed a crime or violent act. An intelligent person would tell you, though, that the blame doesn't automatically lie with the church. Unless the pastor explicitly called for violence, you have to make a strong case for a connection between the two.
The AFA is shooting itself in the foot by trying to create their own version of the SPLC's Hate Group list. They're going after groups, with no rhyme or reason, that have done nothing wrong. You might as well put every synagogue and mosque on the map, too. Not a single one of the atheist/Humanist/LGBT rights groups that I can see on the map have ever supported violent acts or taking away rights from Christians. They've always been on the side of tolerance and inclusivity. They want non-Christian beliefs to be treated by the government the same way Christianity is treated, with no group getting special privilege.
This is how desperate right-wing groups are to show the fictional marginalization of Christians. They think criticism is the same as bigotry. They think neutrality is the enemy.
If they really cared about groups that made it tougher for all Christians out there, they would just put their own organization on the map and leave it at that.
***Update***: The Center for Inquiry has issued a press release demanding to be put on the Bigotry Map:
“Of course, the Center for Inquiry is by no means anti-Christian, and we work to combat bigotry of all kinds, be it against atheists, Christians, or any other group,” said CFI communications director Paul Fidalgo, nervously, between gulps of overly sweetened coffee. “But come on. The AFA listed Americans United for Separation of Church and State, American Atheists, and, get this, the AARP! The AARP!” “Come on!” added Fidalgo, who looked like he needed more sleep. “We ask… no, we demand that the American Family Association recognize that we are just as much a threat to their backward vision of a theocratic, Christianized America as any of these groups — certainly more than the AARP — and add us to their list.”
0 Shares
Part II
Skeptics are almost always at a disadvantage when doing major media appearances. Many talk shows seem to cater to heavily believer-based audiences, and seek to entertain more than to inform — despite presenting a façade of scientific or journalistic inquiry. Such was the case with my appearance on the Dr. Phil Show on May 25th.
Now let me preface my criticism below with a quick reality check. Around 80% of Dr. Phil's studio audience (the day we shot the show) said they believe in psychic ability. While that high percentage of believers may or may not represent his at-home audience numbers, it clearly indicated which direction the fans in front of him were leaning. Dr. Phil was not likely to step on all those fans' shoes.
Also, though Dr. Phil used language (like the word “experiment” in our demonstration of cold reading) that suggests serious inquiry, the show was clearly structured to entertain his audience, not to fairly present two sides of an argument. Viewed as entertainment trying to keep 80% of its audience happy, the Dr. Phil show is understandable.
The problem is, the show gives the appearance of a serious look at a question: “Do psychic powers really exist?”
It was not a serious look at that question. When the producers (who assured me that Dr. Phil was very much a skeptic) asked me about ways psychics could be put to the test, I offered several possibilities. (After all, our IIG has been testing these kinds of claims for 12 years.) Instead, they opted to have me “psychically” read a group of strangers, which I did successfully.
How do I know I was successful? Three of the ten participants cried because of things I said. I mention them crying not out of any sense of satisfaction, but only to underscore that they were believing in an ability – getting information from the spirits of dead people – I know I do not possess. (By the way, add a camera operator and a segment producer to those at the reading who responded positively and seemed to be impressed by guesses I made. Those were edited out.)
The point of doing that reading (my first ever) was to show that by merely using cold reading techniques, I could convince people I was in contact with the spiritual world. I was not claiming that I was better at cold reading than Rebecca Rosen, the psychic who did the second reading of the group. I'm sure the thousands of readings under her belt have honed her skills well beyond those of my rookie debut. (I'd love to compare her hit rate, and count her total number of guesses.)
All my reading was meant to show was that a fake could be convincing. Yet, this stunning revelation was completely glossed over on the show.
It should be noted that people don't generally see two psychics in a row and compare them, like in the show. People go to one psychic at a time. Also, the ten participants in the reading were not typical clients seeking out and paying for psychic advice. Normally, psychics' customers are hugely self-selecting believers. (How many skeptics would pay $500 for a reading?) This lowers the bar for any psychic because her client is wholly uncritical and predisposed to find success in a reading.
I mention all this because the show testimonials comparing me and Rebecca are irrelevant. Even if people had been read by two professional psychics, one would have scored better than the other.
Lest anyone mistake this show for a fair fight, here are some of the ways the Dr. Phil show slanted the discussion toward the psychic side:
1. Invite 4 psychics to the discussion and place them on stage front and center. (I was the only skeptic, and was relegated to the front row of the audience — physically lower than the psychics. Of course, that wouldn't have mattered if I'd been given opportunity to respond after each psychic spoke or attempted a reading.) 2. Introduce the psychics with great fanfare. The websites call them “well-known experts.” (My description on the Dr. Phil website uses scare quotes in calling me a “professional skeptic..” 3. Edit out psychics' poor showing in the live audience reading. Edit out part of Dr. Phil's criticism of Dougall's aura read of his (Dr. Phil's) colors. Edit out my responses to some of the participants' comments. Edit out my criticism of Dr. Diane Hennacy Powell's citing of the Stargate Project and to Daryl Bem's experiments. Edit out my mention of Skeptical Inquirer magazine which addresses both those claims. 4. Edit out shots of two of the three sitters crying during my reading, one of whom later said he didn't believe my ability. Edit out my reading hits on the camera operator and the segment producer. 5. Allow me to see only the severely edited footage of the Rebecca Rosen reading and the Colette Baron-Reid reading during the actual show, and allow little or no time (respectively) to respond to the techniques they used. 6. Give a vast majority of the show minutes to the psychics and to pro-psychic testimonials with little or no opportunity for rebuttal. (I'll have specific numbers soon.)
Given the opportunity, I could have easily explained every bit of apparent success each of the psychics had as well as called attention to their misses during their live reads. As we've seen for years, people's recollection of how well the psychics did do not jibe with how well they actually did.
(For example, when Rebecca Rosen said, “I'm supposed to talk about a hummingbird…” – which could mean any number of different things – a woman responded, “Oh my god, that's my tattoo!” Phil reacts (see the clip) implying that Rebecca knew that this woman had a hummingbird tattoo. She did not. The woman told Rebecca she had a hummingbird tattoo. Throwing random thoughts out there and hoping they land on something is how psychics work. Psychics who talk fast and get a lot of guesses out score more points matching fragments of people's lives. Hell, the hummingbird guess fits me ! We have hummingbirds in our garden where I like to go to relax and smoke a cigar. Is that a hit?)
The bottom line is that the show was presented to me and the TV audience as a sincere examination of whether psychic ability exists. What it was was a biased, slanted presentation that gave huge advantages to the psychics, and short shrift to science and skepticism.
Look, if Dr. Phil wants to emulate Montel Williams and do silly shows full of wild claims and nonsense, he should knock himself out. But if he wants to be taken seriously as a reasonable person, he should reconsider how he presents (especially fringe) issues.
Don't whitewash an outhouse and call it a spa.
This past weekend I attended the 2014 Austrian Perl Workshop and Hackathon in Salzburg, which turned out to be an excellent way for me to catch up on recent changes to Perl 6 and Rakudo. I also wanted to participate directly in discussions about the Great List Refactor, which has been a longstanding topic in Rakudo development.
What exactly is the “Great List Refactor” (GLR)? For several years Rakudo developers and users have identified a number of problems with the existing implementation of list types — most notably performance. But we've also observed the need for user-facing changes in the design, especially in generating and flattening lists. So the term GLR now encompasses all of the list-related changes that seem to want to be made.
It's a significant (“great”) refactor because our past experience has shown that small changes in the list implementation often have far-reaching effects. Almost any bit of rework of list fundamentals requires a fairly significant refactor throughout much of the codebase. This is because lists are so fundamental to how Perl 6 works internally, just like the object model. So, as the number of things that are desirable to fix or change has grown, so has the estimated size of the GLR effort, and the need to try to achieve it “all at once” rather than piecemeal.
The pressure to make progress on the GLR has been steadily increasing, and APW2014 was significant in that a lot of the key people needed for that would be in the same location. Everyone I've talked to agrees that APW2014 was a smashing success, and I believe that we've now resolved most of the remaining GLR design issues. The rest of this post will describe that.
This is an appropriate moment to recognize and thank the people behind the APW effort. The organizers did a great job. The Techno-Z and ncm.at venues were fantastic locations for our meetings and discussions, and I especially thank ncm.at, Techno-Z, yesterdigital, and vienna.pm for their generous support in providing venues and food at the event.
So, here's my summary of GLR issues where we were able to reach significant progress and consensus.
You are now leaving flatland
(Be sure to visit our gift shop!)
Much of the GLR discussion at APW2014 concerned flattening list context in Perl 6. Over the past few months and years Perl 6 has slowly but steadily reduced the number of functions and operators that flatten by default. In fact, a very recent (and profound) change occurred within the last couple of months, when the .[] subscript operator for Parcels switched from flattening to non-flattening. To illustrate the difference, the expression
(10,(11,12,13),(14,15)).[2]
previously would flatten out the elements to return 12, but now no longer flattens and produces (14,15) . As a related consequence, .elems no longer flattens either, changing from 6 to 3.
Unfortunately, this change created a inconsistency between Parcels and Lists, because .[] and .elems on Lists continued to flatten. Since programmers often don't know (or care) when they're working with a Parcel or a List, the inconsistency was becoming a significant pain point. Other inconsistencies were increasing as well: some methods like .sort , .pick , and .roll have become non-flattening, while other methods like .map , .grep , and .max continue to flatten. There's been no really good guideline to know or decide which should do which.
Flattening behavior is great when you want it, which is a lot of the time. After all, that's what Perl 5 does, and it's a pretty popular language. But once a list is flattened it's hard to get the original structure if you wanted that — flattening discards information.
So, after many animated discussions, review of lots of code snippets, and seeking some level of consistency, the consensus on Perl 6 flattening behavior seems to be:
Google Photos is ground zero for the company's crazy machine learning technology. At Google I/O 2017, a number of new features were announced for Photos, including suggested sharing based on who's in a certain photo. But for that to work, Google needs to figure out who is who, and now the Photos web app is asking users to identify what they look like.
Upon visiting photos.google.com, you may be welcomed by the above screen. Google already uses machine learning wizardry to match faces to people, so all you have to do is select which face is yours. Once you do that, you'll be able to search for "me" in the Photos search to find pictures of yourself. According to a recent teardown, this option should appear at some point in the Photos app as well, but it didn't for me.
Presumably, this will be far more useful once the other features announced at Google I/O show up. Let us know in the comments if you have received the pop-up.
MONEY isn't everything. That's the idea behind the United Nations' Human Development Index, which celebrates its 25th anniversary this year. It incorporates measures for income, life expectancy and education into a single development score, which is designed to give a holistic sense of how a country is doing. The latest report is published today, providing a good opportunity to chart progress over the past 25 years. Rwanda has made the most progress, which is all the more impressive given that its level of development fell during the genocide of 1994. Rwandans can now expect to live almost 32 years longer than in 1990, and spend twice as long at school. China comes in at number two. Its score today is roughly what South Korea's was in 1990. Happily, all 142 countries with complete data (for a few places, such as Ethiopia and Somalia, some data are missing) are more developed than they were a quarter of a century ago, except unlucky Swaziland, which has been devastated by AIDS.
Earlier this month at GDC, AMD introduced their VR technology toolkit, LiquidVR. LiquidVR offers game developers a collection of useful tools and technologies for adding high performance VR to games, including features to make better utilization of multiple GPUs, features to reduce display chain latency, and finally features to reduce rendering latency. Key among the latter features set is support for asynchronous shaders, which is the ability to execute certain shader operations concurrently with other rendering operations, rather than in a traditional serial fashion.
It's this last item that ended up kicking a surprisingly deep conversation between myself, AMD's “Chief Gaming Scientist” Richard Huddy, and other members of AMD's GDC staff. AMD was keen to show off the performance potential of async shaders, but in the process we reached the realization that to this point AMD hasn't talked very much about their async execution abilities within the GCN architecture, particularly within a graphics context as opposed to a compote context. While the idea of async shaders is pretty simple – executing shaders concurrently (and yet not in sync with) other operations – it's a bit less obvious just what the real-world benefits are why this matters. After all, aren't GPUs already executing a massive number of threads?
With that in mind AMD agreed it was something that needed further consideration, and after a couple of weeks they got back to us (and the rest of the tech press) with further details of their async shader implementation. What AMD came back to us with isn't necessarily more detail on the hardware itself, but it was a better understanding of how AMD's execution resources are used in a graphics context, why recent API developments matter, and ultimately why asynchronous shading/computing is only now being tapped in PC games.
Why Asynchronous Shading Wasn't Accessible Before
AMD has offered multiple Asynchronous Compute Engines (ACEs) since the very first GCN part in 2011, the Tahiti-powered Radeon HD 7970. However prior to now the technical focus on the ACEs was for pure compute workloads, which is true to their name allow GCN GPUs to execute compute tasks from multiple queues. It wasn't until very recently that the ACEs became important for graphical (or rather mixed graphics + compute) workloads.
Why? Well the short answer is that in another stake in the heart of DirectX 11, DirectX 11 wasn't well suited for asynchronous shading. The same heavily abstracted, driver & OS controlled rendering path that gave DX11 its relatively high CPU overhead and poor multi-core command buffer submission also enforced very stringent processing requirements. DX11 was a serial API through and through, both for command buffer execution and as it turned out shader execution.
As one might expect when we're poking holes into DirectX 11, the asynchronous shader issues of the API are being addressed in Mantle, DirectX 12, and other low-level APIs. Along with making it much easier to submit work from multiple threads over multiple cores, all of these APIs are also making significant changes in how work is executed. With the ability to accept work from multiple threads, work can now be more readily executed in parallel and asynchronously, enabling asynchronous shading for the first time.
There is also one exception to the DX11 rule that we'll get to in depth a bit later, but in short that exception is custom middleware like LiquidVR. Even in a DX11 context LiquidVR can leverage some (but not all) of the async shading functionality of GCN GPUs to do things like warping asynchronously, as it technically sits between DX11 and the GPU. This in turn is why async shading is so important to AMD's VR plans, as all of their GCN GPUs are capable of this and it can be exposed in the current DX11 ecosystem.
Executing Async: Hardware & Software
Of course to pull this off you need hardware that can support executing work from multiple queues, and this is something that AMD invested in early. GCN 1.0 and GCN 1.1 Bonaire included 1 graphics command processor and 2 ACEs, while GCN 1.1 Hawaii and GCN 1.2 Tonga (so far) include 1 graphics command processor and 8 ACEs. Meanwhile the GCN-powered Xbox One and Playstation 4 take their own twists, each packing different configurations of graphics command processors and ACEs.
From a feature perspective it's important to note that the ACEs and graphics command processors are different from each other in a small but important way. Only the graphics command processors have access to the full GPU – not just the shaders, but the fixed function units like the geometry units and ROPs – while the ACEs only get shader access. Ostensibly the ACEs are for compute tasks and the command processor is for graphics tasks, however with compute shaders blurring the line between graphics and compute, the ACEs can be used to execute compute shaders as well now that software exists to make use of it.
On a side note, part of the reason for AMD's presentation is to explain their architectural advantages over NVIDIA, so we checked with NVIDIA on queues. Fermi/Kepler/Maxwell 1 can only use a single graphics queue or their complement of compute queues, but not both at once – early implementations of HyperQ cannot be used in conjunction with graphics. Meanwhile Maxwell 2 has 32 queues, composed of 1 graphics queue and 31 compute queues (or 32 compute queues total in pure compute mode). So pre-Maxwell 2 GPUs have to either execute in serial or pre-empt to move tasks ahead of each other, which would indeed give AMD an advantage..
GPU Queue Engine Support Graphics/Mixed Mode Pure Compute Mode AMD GCN 1.2 (285) 1 Graphics + 8 Compute 8 Compute AMD GCN 1.1 (290 Series) 1 Graphics + 8 Compute 8 Compute AMD GCN 1.1 (260 Series) 1 Graphics + 2 Compute 2 Compute AMD GCN 1.0 (7000/200 Series) 1 Graphics + 2 Compute 2 Compute NVIDIA Maxwell 2 (900 Series) 1 Graphics + 31 Compute 32 Compute NVIDIA Maxwell 1 (750 Series) 1 Graphics 32 Compute NVIDIA Kepler GK110 (780/Titan) 1 Graphics 32 Compute NVIDIA Kepler GK10x (600/700 Series) 1 Graphics 1 Compute
Moving on, coupled with a DMA copy engine (common to all GCN designs), GCN can potentially execute work from several queues at once. In an ideal case for graphics workloads this would mean that the graphics queue is working on jobs that require its full hardware access capabilities, while the copy queue handles data management, and finally one-to-several compute queues are fed compute shaders. What each of those task precisely is depends on the game developer, but examples of graphics and compute tasks include shadowing and MSAA on the former, and ambient occlusion, second-order physics, and color grading on the latter.
As a consequence of having multiple queues to feed the GPU, it is possible for the GPU to work on multiple tasks at once. Doing this seems counter-intuitive at first – GPUs already work on multiple threads, and graphics rendering is itself embarrassingly parallel, allowing it to be easily broken down into multiple threads in the first place. However at a lower level GPUs only achieve their famous high throughput performance in exchange for high latency; lots of work can get done, but relatively speaking any one thread may take a while to reach completion. For this reason the efficient scheduling of threads within a GPU requires an emphasis on latency hiding, to organize threads such that different threads are interleaved to hide the impact of the GPU's latency.
Latency hiding in turn can become easier with multiple work queues. The additional queues give you additional pools of threads to pick from, and if the GPU is presented with a situation where it absolutely can't hide latency from the graphics queue and must stall, the compute queues could be used to fill that execution bubble. Similarly, if there flat-out aren't enough threads from the graphics queue to fill out the GPU, then this presents another opportunistic scenario to execute threads from a compote task to keep the GPU better occupied. Compared to a purely serial system this also helps to mitigate some of the overhead that comes from context switching.
Ultimately the presence of the ACEs and the layout of GCN allows these tasks to be done in an asynchronous manner, ties into the concept of async shaders and what differentiates this from synchronous parallel execution. So long as the task can be done asynchronously, then GCN's scheduler can grab threads as necessary from the additional queues and load them up to improve performance. Meanwhile, although the number of ACEs can impact how well async shading is able to improve performance by better filling the GPU, AMD readily admits that 8 ACEs is likely overkill for graphics purposes; even a fewer number of queues (e.g. 1+2 in earlier GCN hardware) is useful for this task, and the biggest advantage is simply in having multiple queues in the first place.
The Performance Impact of Asynchronous Shaders
Execution theory aside, what is the actual performance impact of asynchronous shaders? This is a bit harder of a question to answer at this time, though mostly because there's virtually nothing on the PC capable of using async shaders due to the aforementioned API limitations. Thief, via its Mantle renderer, is the only PC game currently using async shaders, while on the PS4 and its homogenous platform there are a few more titles making using of the tech.
AMD for their part does have an internal demo showcasing the benefits of async shaders, utilizing a post-process blurring effect with and without async shaders, and the performance differences can be quite high. However it's a synthetic demo, and like all synthetic demos the performance gains represent something of a best-case scenario for the technology. So AMD's 46% performance improvement, though quite large, is not something we'd expect to see in any game.
That said, VR (and by extension, LiquidVR) presents an interesting and more straightforward case for the technology, which is why both NVIDIA and AMD have been pursuing it. Asynchronous execution of time warping and other post-processing effects will on average reduce latency (filling those rendering bubbles), with time warping itself reducing perceived latency by altering the image at the last possible second, while the async execution reduces the total amount of time a frame is in the GPU being rendered. The actual latency impact will again not be anywhere near the 46% performance improvement in AMD's sample, but in the case of VR every millisecond counts.
Of course to really measure this we will need games that can use async shaders and VR hardware – both of which are in short supply right now – but the potential benefits are clear. And if AMD has their way, both VR and regular developers will be taking much greater advantage of the capabilities of asynchronous shading.
Concept to feature coffee shop, full kitchen, beer and wine, bocce and other outdoor games.
In a lot neighboring Brother Moto's future new home on Memorial Drive, local developer Ron Fisher is in the process of transforming the property at 662 Memorial - formerly The Cube Gallery - into a fun neighborhood concept.
The project - which will still be called The Cube - will feature a coffee shop, a full kitchen, fresh baked goods from a local baker, beer and wine and possibly liquor one day, Fisher told What Now Atlanta Tuesday.
AdvertisementChad Reilly, of Racoonicorn Photography, ran the gallery in the building previously and will be operating the restaurant.
The concept will feature an outdoor entertainment portion which plans to include patio seating, greenspace, a garden, cornhole, bocce and a horseshoe pit.
On the menu, expect bistro fare such as breakfast items, both hot and cold sandwiches, and salads.
Breakfast items will be served with a fresh fruit of the day. The sandwiches - such as a hot Grilled flank steak with hoisin sauce, pickled cucumber, carrots, red onions and cilantro, or a cold Prosciutto with Apple, Arugula, parmesan and balsamic - will all be served on a french baguette with potato salad or chips.
The existing orange building at the property will remain, and an additional building of about 359 square feet is being built immediately behind it.
Reilly plans to host art-oriented events such as Drink and Ink at the locale.
The Cube is slated to open at the beginning of October.
Editor's Note: Details about the operator of the restaurant were updated 4/7 at 8:44 AM.
What other concepts would you like to see along the rapidly-changing corridor? Tell us below...
DOCTORS treating a woman for severe weight loss and lethargy were shocked to discover she had a sex toy stuck inside her — and it had been in place for a decade.
According to the Toronto Sun, citing a report in the Journal of Sexual Medicine, the Scottish woman took herself to hospital complaining that she was tired, incontinent, and losing weight.
Upon examination, doctors were surprised to find a five-inch (12.7cm) sex toy protruding into her bladder from her vagina.
The 38-year-old reported using the toy one drunken night with her partner 10 years ago, noting she couldn't remember whether she had removed it.
Medical staff said the woman suffered a so-called “vesicovaginal fistula”, an abnormal tract that allows urine to flow into the vagina. Urine had also backed up into her kidneys, causing an obstructive uropathy.
Once surgeons removed the toy, doctors were able to repair the damage.
The woman left hospital sex-toy free, and with a dubious new honour: she had held a sex toy inside her vagina for longer than anyone else, the medical journal reported.
The Soldiers of Heaven or Jund As-Samaa (Arabic: جند السماء‎), were an armed Iraqi Shi'a messianic sect which was led by Dia Abdul Zahra Kadim, who reportedly died in fighting in Basra, Iraq on 29 January 2007.[1] [2][3]
The group has been described as an apocalyptic Muslim cult and is reported to believe that spreading chaos will hasten the return of the 12th Imam.[4][5][6]
Leadership [ edit ]
A previous leader, Dia Abdul-Zahra, also known as Abu Kamar, claimed to be the Mahdi, a prophet or messiah-like figure in Islam.[7]
Membership [ edit ]
The members of the group, which numbered around 1,000,[8] appeared to be mostly poor Shi'a farmers from an agricultural area 19 kilometres northeast of Najaf, but they also seemed to have been heavily armed. In spite of their poverty, the group appeared to have amassed a great deal of wealth.[9]
Activities [ edit ]
On January 28, 2007, the group apparently fought a bizarre battle with Iraqi and U.S. forces near Najaf where it is alleged about 200-300 of their members were killed, including its leader, and 300-400 were captured.[10] Asaad Abu Gilel, the governor of Najaf has claimed that members of the group, including women and children, planned to disguise themselves as pilgrims and kill leading Shi'a clerics during the Ashoura holiday.[11]
Significant questions remain regarding the group and the combat effectiveness it displayed, including shooting down an American AH-64 Apache helicopter gunship. Virtually all information about the group and the battle has come from Iraqi officials, who have released incomplete and sometimes contradictory accounts.[12] Iraqi officials, including Najaf deputy governor Abdel Hussein Attan, had claimed that the group had links with al-Qaeda, but given that Sunni jihadists are fiercely anti-Shia, this seemed unlikely.[13]
After the battle, Iraqi police rounded up hundreds of sect members and put them on trial. On September 2, 2007, the criminal court passed judgement on 458 accused. Ten leaders of the Soldiers of Heaven were sentenced to death, 54 members were released, and the rest were sentenced to jail terms ranging from 15 years to life, Najaf police chief Brigadier General Abdel Karim Mustapha said.[14]
On January 18, 2008 the Soldiers of Heaven were involved in fighting in Basra and Nassiriya.[15] [16]
Beliefs [ edit ]
The Soldiers of Heaven held the following beliefs:
Their former leader Dia Abdul Zahra Kadim was the Mahdi and he was the reincarnation of Imam Ali ibn Abu Talib.
Spreading chaos will hasten the return of the Hidden Imam.
They regarded the religious leadership in Najaf as illegitimate.
See also [ edit ]
Laura Ingraham on Paul Ryan: “Why Is He There?… If You Can't Put Points on the Board You Can't be Quarterback” (VIDEO)
Author and talk show host Laura Ingraham joined Sean Hannity on Tuesday to discuss the disappointing performance of the Republican Congress.
The two discussed the very disappointing news this week of Paul Ryan's disastrous budget bill that provided Democrats with funding of all of their pet projects but prevented funding of Trump's proposed border wall.
Laura Ingraham wants to know what Paul Ryan is still doing as Republican Speaker.
Sean Hannity: It seems to me this is now do or die for the Republican party. It's May. So we got May, June, July, September, October and then we're over… And here it is, if the Republicans fear another government shutdown, and if they can't get healthcare done and they can't get the president's economic plan over the finish line, it's over. I don't think they got a chance. Laura Ingraham: I'm not going to support them. Are you? Sean Hannity: No. Laura Ingraham: They're resisting Trump. Some of these Republicans, Sean, and you know who they are – are resisting Trump, as fiercely, in their own way, as Democrats are. They laugh at his priorities behind closed door… Sean Hannity: If Paul Ryan cannot get healthcare done this week, I don't even want to say next week. Laura Ingraham: Why is he there. Why's he there. If he cannot quarterback the agenda that won in November. Trump won in November on his agenda. It wasn't just because Hillary was a bad candidate. People wanted a change. They didn't want Paul Ryan's. They didn't vote for a ‘better way.' They voted for Donald Trump populist agenda… It's nothing personal. It's just can you put points on the board or not? If you can't put points on the board, you can't be the quarterback. That's it.
Via Hannity:
How is it that homelessness – one of the most egregious violations of human rights globally – can be so invisible?
The answer lies in the fact that we have done pretty much everything we can to erase homeless people from our sight and from our minds.
How governments, the media, and the affluent treat homeless people have a significant impact on how the rest of us view them and, ultimately, how homeless people view themselves. They have become a social group that, if not ignored completely, is faced with relentless vilification, discrimination, criminalisation and even hate crimes.
In many countries, homeless people who are engaged in the simple acts of eating and sleeping in the only spaces available to them – parks, public squares, or vacant lands – are subject to criminal sanction, given tickets (like illegally parked cars), and forcibly removed from city centres (also like illegally parked cars). Left to languish like garbage in a landfill on the periphery of society, they are rendered completely invisible. While this may be the preferred approach for some governments, it only cements stigmatisation and helps internalise discrimination against those who are homeless.
Around the world, homeless people are referred to in derogatory terms – vermin, cockroaches, pigeons – things to be exterminated. They are seen as dirty, lacking morals, and burdens on society. And people who are homeless are subject to horrific acts of violence based in hate: youth gangs are known to target and beat street homeless, and women who are homeless experience alarming rates of sexual violence, including rape. Instead of immediately responding to address the harm, as governments might be expected to do, the victims become statistics at best.
All of this – and it's just the tip of the iceberg – makes it possible for us to walk by homeless people's makeshift abodes without a glance, to ignore the fact that many people are struggling to survive without electricity, heat in the winter, running water, a toilet or even a clean place to sleep. This paves the way for those of us with privilege to literally step over homeless people in the street and see and feel nothing. No connection, no kinship, no responsibility, no compassion. Filled with discriminatory misperceptions of who is homeless and why, it's easy for us to assume homeless people are responsible for their own demise.
But we need to resist the urge to blame the victim. You see, if there were just several hundred homeless people worldwide we might reasonably conclude that homelessness is about the bad choices or bad luck of a few. But the millions of people worldwide sleeping rough, doubled up with family and friends in overcrowded housing, living with violent partners or in squalor with no legal rights to their homes, suggests that there is more at play than individual pathologies. It suggests that governments are taking decisions, and creating societies that produce homelessness, that their policies and programmes are failing vulnerable and marginalised groups.
UN envoy: Europe faces daunting task on refugees but housing is a human right Read more
It's also testament to the fact that governments and the private sector are in step with each other, promoting the view that housing is a commodity: something for rich people to invest in, trade and solidify their privilege, rather than a human right to which poor and low-income people are entitled.
The simple truth is that homelessness is the failure of states to implement the right to housing. And they do so with impunity.
But the tyranny of the haves over the have-nots could very well be over in the next 15 years if governments make good on the implementation of the sustainable development goals. When the goals were adopted on 25 September, governments around the world, perhaps unwittingly, agreed to end homelessness by 2030 and committed to “ensure access for all to adequate, safe and affordable housing and basic services”.
So there is global agreement that it is time to make the invisible visible. This will require governments to invite homeless people back into their conception of the human family, to recognise their inherent dignity and their equal and inalienable rights.
It means, for example, adopting strategies to end homelessness with measureable benchmarks and timelines; immediately addressing discrimination against people based on their housing status; recognising that the right to life, and all other human rights, also extend to those who are homeless; and providing homeless people with opportunities to help develop strategies and programmes to address their own conditions. This is a human rights approach.
In October 2016 the UN world conference on housing and sustainable urban development, Habitat III, will be an opportunity for states to implement this approach, flex their political will and enact a vision of cities as places that restore dignity, ensure equality and return the streets to their rightful purpose.
Leilani Farha is the UN special rapporteur on the right to housing
Sign up for your free Guardian Housing network newsletter with news and analysis sent direct to you every Friday. Follow us: @GuardianHousing
MatthewLM
Offline
Activity: 1092
Merit: 1000
LegendaryActivity: 1092Merit: 1000 Donating to the cbitcoin library. February 05, 2013, 09:27:26 PM #1
I wish to thank everyone who has supported cbitcoin so far. I appreciate all donations and help very much.
For those that are unaware, cbitcoin is a C bitcoin library in development which aims to make bitcoin development more accessible and easier, thus hopefully opening bitcoin to more innovation. Please see this topic for more information:
The reason I am making this topic is because some people mentioned the usage of crowdsourcing websites for raising money for cbitcoin. I'm making this topic to notify that if you want to support this project with donations through Rockethub you have 8 days remaining to do. I thank K. Darien Freeheart and Patrick Levell who have donated so far via Rockethub, and all the people who have donated via bitcoin.
You can donate here:
Don't be afraid if you do not wish to donate via Rockethub. You can still donate via bitcoin with the address: 1D5A1q5d192j5gYuWiP3CSE5fcaaZxe6E9 and you can be listed on this page:
Thank you very much,
Matthew Mitchell. Hello.I wish to thank everyone who has supported cbitcoin so far. I appreciate all donations and help very much.For those that are unaware, cbitcoin is a C bitcoin library in development which aims to make bitcoin development more accessible and easier, thus hopefully opening bitcoin to more innovation. Please see this topic for more information: https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=123488.0 The reason I am making this topic is because some people mentioned the usage of crowdsourcing websites for raising money for cbitcoin. I'm making this topic to notify that if you want to support this project with donations through Rockethub you have 8 days remaining to do. I thank K. Darien Freeheart and Patrick Levell who have donated so far via Rockethub, and all the people who have donated via bitcoin.You can donate here: http://www.rockethub.com/projects/11976-cbitcoin-developing-bitcoin-s-future Don't be afraid if you do not wish to donate via Rockethub. You can still donate via bitcoin with the address: 1D5A1q5d192j5gYuWiP3CSE5fcaaZxe6E9 and you can be listed on this page: http://cbitcoin.com/donors.html if you can prove you have donated.Thank you very much,Matthew Mitchell. Bitcoin Extra Wallet | Peercoin Android Wallet
BTC: 1D5A1q5d192j5gYuWiP3CSE5fcaaZxe6E9 PPC: PH7fVn1Xs7nkUFmdwCX2ZRYfLPCSwGxAq9 BTC: 1D5A1q5d192j5gYuWiP3CSE5fcaaZxe6E9 PPC: PH7fVn1Xs7nkUFmdwCX2ZRYfLPCSwGxAq9
Longines‘ best known Heritage watches tend to be sporty or military-inspired. The new Heritage 1969, on the other hand, is a decidedly more elegant watch. Looking like a watch typical of the 1970s, the Heritage 1969 has a cushion-shaped steel case with a squarish dial.
Fitted with a “box-shaped” sapphire crystal that approximates the domed Plexiglas crystals found on vintage watches, the case measures just 36mm by 36mm, making it similar in size to the vintage wristwatch it's based on. The dial has a vertical brushed finish and pink gold-plated baton markers, along with pink-gold plated hands. A date window sits in between four and five o'clock, just as on the original – unlike most Longines reissues that add a date window where it never existed.
It's powered by the Longines calibre L888.2 (the same movement found inside the recent RailRoad reissue), a self-winding movement that's an improved version of the ETA 2892. While the ordinary 2892 has a 45-hour power reserve, the L888.2 will run for 64 hours.
The retail price is US$2050 or S$3020.
Update July 24, 2016: Price added.
Early this year, as part of the $92 million “Data to Decisions” program run by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), the Office of Naval Research began evaluating computer programs designed to sift through masses of information stored, traded, and trafficked over the Internet that, when put together, might predict social unrest, terrorist attacks, and other events of interest to the military. Blog posts, e-mail, Twitter feeds, weather reports, agricultural trends, photos, economic data, news reports, demographics—each might be a piece of an emergent portrait if only there existed a suitable, algorithmic way to connect them.
DARPA, of course, is where the Internet was created, back in the late 1960s, back when it was called ARPA and the new technology that allowed packets of information to be sent from one computer to another was called the ARPANET. In 1967, when the ARPANET was first conceived, computers were big, expensive, slow (by today's standards), and resided primarily in universities and research institutions; neither Moore's law—that processing power doubles every two years—nor the microprocessor, which was just being developed, had yet delivered personal computers to home, school, and office desktops.
Two decades later, a young British computer scientist at the European Organization for Nuclear Research named Tim Berners-Lee was looking for a way to enable CERN scientists scattered all over the world to share and link documents. When he conceived of the World Wide Web in 1988, about 86 million households had personal computers, though only a small percentage were online. Built on the open architecture of the ARPANET, which allowed discrete networks to communicate with one another, the World Wide Web soon became a way for others outside of CERN, and outside of academia altogether, to share information, making the Web bigger and more intricate with an ever-increasing number of nodes and links. By 1994, when the World Wide Web had grown to ten million users, “traffic was equivalent to shipping the entire collected works of Shakespeare every second.”
1994 was a seminal year in the life of the Internet. In a sense, it's the year the Internet came alive, animated by the widespread adoption of the first graphical browser, Mosaic. Before the advent of Mosaic—and later Internet Explorer, Safari, Firefox, and Chrome, to name a few—information shared on the Internet was delivered in lines of visually dull, undistinguished, essentially static text. Mosaic made all those lines of text more accessible, adding integrated graphics and clickable links, opening up the Internet to the average, non-geeky user, not simply as an observer but as an active, creative participant. “Mosaic's charming appearance encourages users to load their own documents onto the Net, including color photos, sound bites, video clips, and hypertext ‘links' to other documents,” Gary Wolfe wrote in Wired that year.
By following the links—click, and the linked document appears—you can travel through the…
Wall Street is the target of Occupy Wall Street protesters for the role it played in the economic meltdown of 2008, say the activists, by engaging in risky lending practices of mortgage-backed securities. When several brokerage firms and financial institutions were bailed out by the government – and in some cases later handed out bonuses – a sense of propriety was breached.
Moody Investors Service and Standard and Poor's gave AAA ratings to hundreds of thousands of subprime mortgage securities that ultimately proved to be worthless.
Many of the protesters say that Wall Street blatantly and recklessly abused the credit default swap market. The protesters say that the unstable nature of the credit default swap market must have been known to those involved and that the guilty parties should be prosecuted.
A team of scientists has found the magnetic fields that power the Milky Way's supermassive black hole, right outside its event horizon. The team theorizes that this magnetic field is what makes the black hole so powerful.
Understanding Magnetic Fields Will Help Us Understand the Universe
This is the first instance where magnetic fields are directly visible from the event horizon. The Milky Way is one of many galaxies sporting a supermassive black hole at its core, but having spotted these magnetic fields brings some changes to the game. The team of scientists used the Event Horizon Telescope to observe the magnetic fields around Sagittarius A. By putting the network of EHTs to work, scientists were able to see even compact black holes.
A Different Kind of Astronomical Exploration
This new adventure sets the astronomical community on a different kind of journey, and they hope to capture the black hole's event horizon within the next couple of years. What they're looking for now is for polarized light, but not just any kind. There's a specific kind of signature that a magnetic field leaves behind, and it can be traced through that sort of polarized light. This could help retrace the magnetic field itself and discover patterns of neighboring ones.
Further research is naturally necessary in order to discover what exactly is it that causes the high-energy jets that black holes shoot. On the view that the team has acquired so far, they commented that the magnetic fields are dancing all around the place. The astronomical community is once again thrown in a journey that it was not prepared for but is only too happy to take on as they go on to discover more things about the structure of our galaxy, from how it came to be and how it is now.
Comments
comments
The book of Joshua details how the Israelites conquered Canaan, the Promised Land given to the Jews in God's covenant with Abraham. It's a story of miracles, bloody battles, and dividing the land among the 12 tribes. Characterized as an historical account, the book of Joshua tells how a leader's obedience to God resulted in divine help in the face of overwhelming odds.
Author of the Book of Joshua
Joshua; Eleazar the high priest and Phinehas, his son; other contemporaries of Joshua.
Date Written
Approximately 1398 B.C.
Written To
Joshua was written to the people of Israel and all future readers of the Bible.
Landscape of the Book of Joshua
The story opens in Shittim, just north of the Dead Sea and east of the Jordan River. The first great victory was at Jericho. Over seven years, the Israelites captured the entire land of Canaan, from Kadesh-barnea in the south to Mount Hermon in the north.
Themes in the Book of Joshua
God's love for his chosen people continues in the book of Joshua. In the first five books of the Bible, God brought the Jews out of slavery in Egypt and established his covenant with them. Joshua returns them to their Promised Land, where God helps them conquer it and gives them a home.
Key Characters in the Book of Joshua
Key Verses
Joshua 1:8
"Do not let this Book of the Law depart from your mouth; meditate on it day and night, so that you may be careful to do everything written in it. Then you will be prosperous and successful." (NIV)
Joshua 6:20
When the trumpets sounded, the people shouted, and at the sound of the trumpet, when the people gave a loud shout, the wall collapsed; so every man charged straight in, and they took the city. (NIV)
Joshua 24:25
On that day Joshua made a covenant for the people, and there at Shechem he drew up for them decrees and laws. And Joshua recorded these things in the Book of the Law of God. (NIV)
Joshua 24:31
Israel served the Lord throughout the lifetime of Joshua and of the elders who outlived him and who had experienced everything the Lord had done for Israel. (NIV)
Outline of the Book of Joshua
• Joshua's Assignment - Joshua 1:1-5:15
• Rahab Helps the Spies - Joshua 2:1-24
• The People Cross the Jordan River - Joshua 3:1-4:24
• Circumcision and a Visit by an Angel - Joshua 5:1-15
• Battle of Jericho - Joshua 6:1-27
• Achan's Sin Brings Death - Joshua 7:1-26
• Renewed Israel Defeats Ai - Joshua 8:1-35
• Gibeon's Trick - Joshua 9:1-27
• Defending Gibeon, Defeating Southern Kings - Joshua 10:1-43
• Capturing the North, a List of Kings - Joshua 11:1-12:24
• Dividing the Land - Joshua 13:1-33
• Land West of the Jordan - Joshua 14:1-19:51
• More Allotments, Justice at Last - Joshua 20:1-21:45
• Eastern Tribes Praise God - Joshua 22:1-34
• Joshua Warns the People to Stay Faithful - Joshua 23:1-16
Peter Jackson Explains Why You Should See The Hobbit In 48 fps By Katey Rich Random Article Blend The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey in 48 frames per second-- a high-frame-rate format that essentially gives you twice as much information about the world of Middle Earth. Some say the format gives astonishing clarity and makes the effects look amazing; others say it makes the sets look cheap and the whole thing feel like a BBC series. Reactions are definitely mixed, and we will probably have to see a few more movies in the format before we know for sure if 48 fps is sticking around.
We've The Hobbit in 48 fps, but it's probably time to let Jackson speak for himself on the matter. At the press conference last week for The Hobbit Jackson talked at length about how he decided to shoot all three films in the Hobbit trilogy in 48 fps-- but before anything, he has heard your complaints about 48 fps, and thinks maybe the people who don't like it is just too old:
I'm fascinated by reactions. I'm tending to see that anyone under the age of 20 or so doesn't really care and thinks it looks cool, and doesn't really understand it. They often just say the 3D looks cool. I think 3D at 24 frames is interesting, but it's the 48 that actually allows 3D to come to almost like to achieve a potential that it can achieve, because it's less eye strain and you have a sharper picture, which creates more of a three-dimensional world.
That effect on 3D is something Jackson first saw when he was working on, of all things, a video for the King Kong ride at Universal Studios-- it was in 60 frames per second, but it had essentially the same high frame rate appeal. At the time no one was making projectors that could actually project at 48 frames, but one of Jackson's colleagues went to a conference, met enough manufacturers of projectors who were willing to make the change, and suggested the time was right:
We decided to take the plunge. Warner Bros. was supportive. They just wanted us to prove that the 24 frames version would look absolutely normal, which it does. Once they were happy with that they were very happy. On the first day of photography we had to press that button and say 48 frames. On the first day of shooting The Hobbit in 48 frames, there was not a single cinema in the world that could project the movie in that format. It was al title bit of a leap of faith.
For Jackson, the reason to shoot the movie at such a high frame rate is the same reason they use it for videos shown as part of theme parks-- it makes everything feel more real, and very close to you. You don't get the blur effects that happen when the camera pans quickly or a character moves too fast, and crucially, you don't get the headache that often happens in 3D films where your eyes simply can't follow all the different planes of action fast enough. Having seen The Hobbit in 48 fps and in 3D I can totally back Jackson up on that, but allow him to explain in his own, very technical terms as well:
With 3D your left and right eye, both of your eyes are seeing a different picture, because the two cameras are filming different pictures, you're stetting strobing and motion blur and the artifacts of 24 frames. Your brain is trying to fit this stuff together, and the more artifacts in the capture, like when you're panning and things are moving or strobing, your brain is struggling to resolve these two pictures. 48 reduces the artifacts, so it does make for a smoother experience.
Clearly Jackson knows his new technology is going to take some time to endear itself to moviegoers, and he doesn't blame you if you're not initially as invested in it as he is. After all, he's spent years of watching dailies and editing the film-- he's more used to the format that anybody else in the world. But like his friend James Cameron, Jackson also seems to be something of a futurist. He's just waiting for everybody else to catch up:
I'm a Beatles fan and I remember in the mid-1980s when CDs first came out, there was a sound of vinyl that people loved and suddenly CDs were threatening the sound of vinyl, the sound of the needle. I remember reading something saying that the Beatles would never have their albums on CD, because it was too clear, and all the bum notes they were playing would be exposed and they would never be happy with that, so you're never going to hear a Beatles tune on CD. There was all this hysteria. It's just that as humans we don't like change.
You can see Jackson's version of change, but also the familiar world of Middle Earth, in The Hobbit: An Unexpected Journey this weekend. Peter Jackson is taking what he hopes is a huge leap into the future this weekend, releasingin 48 frames per second-- a high-frame-rate format that essentially gives you twice as much information about the world of Middle Earth. Some say the format gives astonishing clarity and makes the effects look amazing; others say it makes the sets look cheap and the whole thing feel like a BBC series. Reactions are definitely mixed, and we will probably have to see a few more movies in the format before we know for sure if 48 fps is sticking around.We've already told you our own feelings on whether you should seein 48 fps, but it's probably time to let Jackson speak for himself on the matter. At the press conference last week forJackson talked at length about how he decided to shoot all three films in thetrilogy in 48 fps-- but before anything, he has heard your complaints about 48 fps, and thinks maybe the people who don't like it is just too old:That effect on 3D is something Jackson first saw when he was working on, of all things, a video for theride at Universal Studios-- it was in 60 frames per second, but it had essentially the same high frame rate appeal. At the time no one was making projectors that could actually project at 48 frames, but one of Jackson's colleagues went to a conference, met enough manufacturers of projectors who were willing to make the change, and suggested the time was right:For Jackson, the reason to shoot the movie at such a high frame rate is the same reason they use it for videos shown as part of theme parks-- it makes everything feel more real, and very close to you. You don't get the blur effects that happen when the camera pans quickly or a character moves too fast, and crucially, you don't get the headache that often happens in 3D films where your eyes simply can't follow all the different planes of action fast enough. Having seenin 48 fps and in 3D I can totally back Jackson up on that, but allow him to explain in his own, very technical terms as well:Clearly Jackson knows his new technology is going to take some time to endear itself to moviegoers, and he doesn't blame you if you're not initially as invested in it as he is. After all, he's spent years of watching dailies and editing the film-- he's more used to the format that anybody else in the world. But like his friend James Cameron, Jackson also seems to be something of a futurist. He's just waiting for everybody else to catch up:You can see Jackson's version of change, but also the familiar world of Middle Earth, inthis weekend. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Question: I would like to know detailed information about the CPU processor of my computer. What are the available methods to check CPU information on Linux?
Depending on your need, there are various pieces of information you may need to know about the CPU processor(s) of your computer, such as CPU vendor name, model name, clock speed, number of sockets/cores, L1/L2/L3 cache configuration, available processor capabilities (e.g., hardware virtualization, AES, MMX, SSE), and so on. In Linux, there are many command line or GUI-based tools that are used to show detailed information about your CPU hardware.
1. /proc/cpuinfo
The simpliest method is to check /proc/cpuinfo. This virtual file shows the configuration of available CPU hardware.
$ more /proc/cpuinfo
By inspecting this file, you can identify the number of physical processors, the number of cores per CPU, available CPU flags, and a number of other things.
2. cpufreq-info
The cpufreq - info command (which is part of cpufrequtils package) collects and reports CPU frequency information from the kernel/hardware. The command shows the hardware frequency that the CPU currently runs at, as well as the minimum/maximum CPU frequency allowed, CPUfreq policy/statistics, and so on. To check up on CPU #0:
$ cpufreq-info -c 0
3. cpuid
The cpuid command-line utility is a dedicated CPU information tool that displays verbose information about CPU hardware by using CPUID functions. Reported information includes processor type/family, CPU extensions, cache/TLB configuration, power management features, etc.
$ cpuid
4. dmidecode
The dmidecode command collects detailed information about system hardware directly from DMI data of the BIOS. Reported CPU information includes CPU vendor, version, CPU flags, maximum/current clock speed, (enabled) core count, L1/L2/L3 cache configuration, and so on.
$ sudo dmidecode
5. hardinfo
The hardinfo is a GUI-based system information tool which can give you an easy-to-understand summary of your CPU hardware, as well as other hardware components of your system.
$ hardinfo
6. i7z
i7z is a real-time CPU reporting tool dedicated to Intel Core i3, i5 and i7 CPUs. It can display various per-core information in real time, such as Turbo Boost states, CPU frequencies, CPU power states, temperature measurements, and so on. i7z runs in either ncurses -based console mode or QT based GUI.
$ sudo i7z
7. inxi
inxi is a bash script written to gather system information in a human-friendly format. It shows a quick summary of CPU information including CPU model, cache size, clock speed, and supported CPU capabilities.
$ inxi -C
8. likwid-topology
likwid (Like I Knew What I'm Doing) is a collection of command-line tools to measure, configure and display hardware related properties. Among them is likwid - topology which shows CPU hardware (thread/cache/NUMA) topology information. It can also identify processor families (e.g., Intel Core 2, AMD Shanghai).
9. lscpu
The lscpu command summarizes /etc/cpuinfo content in a more user-friendly format, e.g., the number of (online/offline) CPUs, cores, sockets, NUMA nodes.
$ lscpu
10. lshw
The lshw command is a comprehensive hardware query tool. Unlike other tools, lshw requires root privilege because it queries DMI information in system BIOS. It can report the total number of cores and enabled cores, but miss out on information such as L1/L2/L3 cache configuration. The GTK version lshw - gtk is also available.
$ sudo lshw -class processor
11. lstopo
The lstopo command (contained in hwloc package) visualizes the topology of the system which is composed of CPUs, cache, memory and I/O devices. This command is useful to identify the processor architecture and NUMA topology of the system.
$ lstopo
12. numactl
Originally developed to set the NUMA scheduling and memeory placement policy of Linux processes, the numactl command can also show information about NUMA topology of the CPU hardware from the command line.
$ numactl --hardware
13. x86info
x86info is a command-line tool for showing x86-based CPU information. Reported information includes CPU model, number of threads/cores, clock speed, TLB cache configuration, supported feature flags, etc.
$ x86info --all
Download this article as ad-free PDF (made possible by your kind donation ):
Subscribe to Ask Xmodulo Do you want to receive Linux related questions & answers published at Ask Xmodulo? Enter your email address below, and we will deliver our Linux Q&A straight to your email box, for free. Delivery powered by Google Feedburner.
Support Xmodulo Did you find this tutorial helpful? Then please be generous and support Xmodulo!
MONTREAL – The Montreal Impact announced on Thursday that FC Montreal winger Ballou Jean-Yves Tabla has signed a two-year contract with the first team as an MLS Homegrown Player, starting with the 2017 season. Prior to his first season in MLS, he will take part in a 10-day camp with Bologna FC, from November 20, 2016.
Tabla, 17, becomes the youngest player in club history to join the team in MLS. In his only USL season, with the club's second team, he recorded five goals and five assists in 21 games and 1,685 minutes. He was voted the USL Player of the Week and selected to the Team of the Week for the 21st week of activity. He also appeared with the first team in the international game against A.S. Roma last August 3 at Stade Saputo.
“We are very happy to have finalized the signing of Ballou, a young player who did very well with FC Montreal this past year and showed that he deserved to join the first team,” said Impact technical director Adam Braz. “He is an exciting attacking player who has strong technical abilities and is able to be creative and dynamic in the final third. We look forward to seeing him evolve and progress with the first team.”
“I'm really happy to sign my first professional contract with the Montreal Impact,” added Ballou Jean-Yves Tabla. “I really feel at home in this club. I worked hard to get here. My path at the Academy helped me a lot and I was surrounded by a good technical staff.”
A Canadian player born in the Ivory Coast, Tabla was in his second stint with the Impact Academy. After joining the setup for the first time in August 2012, he left on December 9, 2013, and then continued his formation in April 2015, after a stint with Montreal amateur club Panellinios.
He was part of the Impact U18 team that finished the 2014-2015 season top of the USSDA general standings.
He was named the Canadian U17 Player of the Year in 2014 and the Quebec Soccer Federation Male Youth Player of Excellence in 2014 and 2015.
On the international scene, he has scored three goals in 14 games with the U17 and U20 Canadian selections.
Transaction: Montreal Impact signs Ballou Jean-Yves Tabla to a Homegrown Player contract on October 20, 2016, for the 2017 season.
BALLOU JEAN-YVES TABLA
Position: Winger
Height: 5'9”
Weight: 154 lbs.
Birth date: March 31, 1999, Abidjan, Ivory Coast
Nationality: Canada
Last team: FC Montréal
Acquired: October 20, 2016
Bill passed by French MPs says models must have medical certificate to prove they are a healthy weight, and magazines must label Photoshopped images
Models working in France will need a medical certificate proving they are healthy and not dangerously thin under a new law approved by French MPs.
Failure to provide a certificate will be punishable by up to six months in jail and a fine of €75,000 (around £54,500).
The bill also forces magazines to flag up photographs that have been “touched up” or Photoshopped.
The tough new legislation is aimed at combating the growing problem of anorexia in models and rising numbers of young people with eating disorders.
From social media to the catwalk, is fantasy beauty failing young women? Read more
The measures were adopted as part of a new health bill on Thursday. Models will have to provide employers with a doctor's certificate confirming that “the state of health of the model, assessed with regard to her body mass index (BMI), is compatible with the exercise of her profession”.
However, French MPs rejected a clause in an earlier draft of the bill imposing a minimum BMI – measured according to height and weight – on those working in the fashion and advertising industry.
Parliamentarians instead agreed to let doctors make the call on whether a model is too thin, taking into account a range of criteria, including age, gender and body shape.
Published photographs of models that have been modified “in order to narrow or widen the silhouette” should be labelled as “photograph touched up”. Those who failed to comply could face a fine of up to €37,500 , or 30% of the value of the advert featuring the model.
An earlier version of the bill also made it an offence punishable by up to a year's imprisonment to encourage excessive thinness, a measure aimed at “pro-ana” websites that extol or promote anorexia or bulimia.
Ban underfed and underage models in fashion, MPs urged Read more
That proposal too was excised from the text adopted by the national assembly, or lower house of parliament.
Catherine Lemorton, president of the government's social affairs committee, said many of those who ran such sites “suffered themselves with eating problems” and might be damaged further by the threat of prison.
When the law was first introduced to the house in April this year, Marie-Rose Moro, a psychoanalyst and psychiatrist, said the law would solve nothing. “It would be better to provide more resources to care for anorexic patients,” she said, adding that there should be “more awareness to eating disorders in society”.
Modelling agencies also attacked the law. “It's very serious to conflate anorexia with the thinness of models and it ignores the fact that anorexia is a psychogenic illness,” Isabelle Saint-Felix, secretary general of Synam, which represents around 40 modelling agencies in France, told AFP.
In France, an estimated 30,000 to 40,000 people – almost all of them adolescents – suffer from anorexia nervosa, an eating disorder with a high mortality rate.
The Metric Geometry and Gerrymandering Group (MGGG) is running a six-week summer data intensive, June 4-July 13, 2018. This program, called the Voting Rights Data Institute (VRDI), is supervised by Moon Duchin (Tufts Mathematics) and Justin Solomon (MIT EECS). The projected size of the program is 40 students: roughly 35 undergraduate and 5 graduate students. The principal goal of the program is to engage students directly with the geographical, demographic, and political data needed to assess and redress gerrymandering. Work will take place in a group setting, with undergraduates working independently and in teams, supervised by graduate students and faculty. Groups will rotate through collaborative workspaces at Tufts, MIT, and Harvard, with housing available on the Tufts campus. For more information about the program and the necessary qualifications to apply, visit gerrydata.org. Note: The MathJobs service is primarily used by people who hold PhDs, so you should just leave blank any fields that are not applicable, such as PhD advisor. Materials needed for application: CV or resume including list of relevant research or coding projects, with links to repositories or web sites if applicable
Two letters of recommendation from professors or other mentors/supervisors
Cover letter specifically describing your interest in this program. Be sure to directly address any significant experience in any of the following background areas: Mathematics, especially discrete math or geometry Social science research, including demography, political science, law, racial polarization GIS (Geographic Information Systems) Programming, especially in Python; algorithm design and analysis Software development Data science; statistical analysis of datasets; network science MCMC (Markov chain Monte Carlo) or other probabilistic sampling methods
Please also describe your interest in elections, democracy, and civil rights. We are committed to training a diverse cohort of data scientists and we DO NOT assume that successful applicants already have all or most of the skills described above.
When all ten members of the 9/11 Commission meet for the first time, in an informal setting, some of them are already unhappy about the way the commission is being run. Some of the Democratic members are unhappy about the selection of Republican Philip Zelikow as executive director (see Shortly Before January 27, 2003 ), a decision made solely by chairman Tom Kean and vice chairman Lee Hamilton. Commissioner Richard Ben-Veniste will say Zelikow's appointment was “presented as a fait accompli.” Ben-Veniste is also alarmed by Zelikow's links to National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice (see 1995 and January 3, 2001 ), and he and fellow commissioner Max Cleland are upset about the proposed staff structure (see Around February 2003 ). There is to be a single staff led by Zelikow, and the commissioners will not have personal staffers, although this is usual on such commissions. Ben-Veniste proposes that each commissioner develop an expertise in a specific field, but this plan is blocked by Kean, Hamilton, and Zelikow. Kean and Hamilton also say that the commissioners can visit the commission's offices, but cannot have a permanent presence there. Indeed, not even Kean and Hamilton will have an office in the commission's building. Author Philip Shenon will comment: “To Ben-Veniste, the way the staff was being organized guaranteed that the commissioners' involvement in the details of the investigation would be limited. It centralized control in Zelikow's hands.” [ Shenon, 2008, pp. 69-70 ]
9/11 Commission Executive Director Philip Zelikow and Ernest May, a long-time associate of Zelikow and consultant to the commission, complete an outline of the commission's final report, although the commission has barely begun its work and will not report for another 16 months. The outline is detailed and contains chapter headings, subheadings, and sub-subheadings. The outline anticipates a 16-chapter report (note: the final report only has 13) that starts with a history of al-Qaeda and Osama bin Laden's 1998 fatwa against the US. There will then be chapters on US counterterrorism policy, threat reporting leading up to 9/11, and the attacks themselves will be in chapter seven (in the final report, the day of 9/11 chapter is moved to the start).
"Blinding Effects of Hindsight" - Zelikow and May even have a chapter ten entitled “Problems of Foresight—And Hindsight,” with a sub-chapter on “the blinding effects of hindsight,” (actually chapter 11 in the final report, slightly renamed “Foresight—And Hindsight;” the “blinding effects” sub-heading does not appear in the final version, but the chapter starts with a meditation on the value of hindsight).
Kept Secret - Zelikow shows the report to Commission Chairman Tom Kean and Vice-chairman Lee Hamilton and they like it, but think it could be seen as evidence that they have pre-determined the outcome. Therefore, they all decide it should be kept secret from the commission's staff. According to May it is “treated as if it were the most classified document the commission possessed.” Zelikow comes up with his own internal classification system, labeling it “Commission Sensitive,” a phrase that appears on the top and bottom of each page.
Staff Alarmed - When the staff find out about it and are given copies over a year later, they are alarmed. They realize that the sections of the report about the Bush administration's failings will be in the middle of the report, and the reader will have to wade past chapters on al-Qaeda's history to get to them. Author Philip Shenon will comment: “Many assumed the worst when they saw that Zelikow had proposed a portion of the report entitled ‘The Blinding Effects of Hindsight.' What ‘blinding hindsight'? They assumed Zelikow was trying to dismiss the value of hindsight regarding the Bush administration's pre-9/11 performance.” In addition, some staffers begin circulating a parody entitled “The Warren Commission Report—Preemptive Outline.” One of the parody's chapter headings is “Single Bullet: We Haven't Seen the Evidence Yet. But Really. We're Sure.” [9/11 Commission, 7/24/2004; Shenon, 2008, pp. 388-389]
About This Game
About Aldin
is a virtual reality experience that lets you feel what it's like to have magical powers. Combine arcane ingredients into a boiling cauldron with the help of an ancient spirit trapped in a human skull. Unleash creative or destructive wizardry upon a fully interactive virtual world. Travel to new places, finding yourself in mysterious circumstances full of detail and unforgettable atmosphere.is a new approach to VR locomotion that combines elements of teleporting and linear movement. Our design goals were not to make conventional locomotion work in VR, but to devise an intuitive system that better emulates the experience of how we accomplish locomotion in reality and better preserves our freedom to move physically.Aldin has been at the forefront of the VR revolution since early 2013, developing innovative software products across major VR platforms for PC and mobile markets (and). Aldin'sVR analytics suite was used in the developmentto ensure an engaging and polished user experience.
Paul Ryan
The time has finally come for both parties to create a federal budget that simultaneously addresses the economy's structural deficits—tackles the immediate, recession-driven shortfall and still allows us to invest long-term in education, infrastructure, energy, and research and development.
There are basic budget and revenue facts that are not in dispute. These should factor into every discussion about the budget:
1. Top marginal rates have been generally descending for the past 70 years, from 81 percent in 1940 to 35 percent today.
2. Over the past 30 years, income has grown nearly 300 percent for the top 1 percent, but only 25 percent for middle-income Americans.
3. The percentage of all taxes paid by each income group—including income, payroll, sales, etc.—roughly reflects its total income. In other words, our tax system is barely progressive. Despite the cries of the wealthy for tax relief, they pay only a slightly greater share of taxes than the significantly less wealthy, as a percentage of total income earned.
4. Our annual budget is significantly out of balance:
a. Spending is about $3.8 trillion.
b. Revenue is about $2.5 trillion.
c. This leaves a deficit of about $1.3 trillion.
5. The big buckets of spending are pretty clearly separable:
a. Defense—about $900 billion.
b. Social Security—$730 billion.
c. Medicare—$490 billion.
d. Medicaid—$300 billion.
e. Interest—$250 billion.
f. Nondefense discretionary—$610 billion.
Where do you begin to scale back spending or raise revenue to bring us into long-term balance, while laying a foundation for a competitive economy?
Keep in mind, there are only three things that can be done to close the gap—borrow more, tax more, or spend less. There is a clear consensus that dramatic borrowing will not be acceptable to the markets once we are beyond the immediate recession. The political will to raise taxes, unfortunately, is not there—witness the unfortunate extension of the Bush tax cuts last December. This means that the only real issue becomes which spending will be cut—and by how much?
The Republican answer is simple, and wrong. We got a glimpse of the Republican answer last week, in the Spending Reduction Act issued by the Republican Study Committee—the policy voice of the Republican Party. (Presumably, the response to the president's State of the Union, to be delivered by Rep. Paul Ryan, the Republican anointed budget whiz and incoming chairman of the House budget committee, will echo this document.)
First off, the RSC proposes to cut only $2.5 trillion over 10 years—not even enough to make up for the additional deficit created by extending the Bush tax cuts.
And where exactly do the Republicans want to cut? Not at all in defense, Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid, the biggest drivers of current spending. Moreover, these are the buckets of spending that if not altered will generate larger deficits every year and contribute almost nothing to our future competitiveness.
Instead, they propose that virtually the entirety of the cuts—$2.3 trillion of $2.5 trillion—come from nondefense discretionary spending. That means slashing spending in everything from education to scientific research funding by a whopping 20 percent to 30 percent over the next decade.
This approach is a political punt of the worst form. The Republicans appear to be afraid to make a single tough decision on entitlement spending, defense, or equity issues. They are simply caught in a dogma of “cut where the political cost will be least” and ignore what the impact on the future will be.
Nowhere in the Republican document is there mention of even sensible defense cuts—such as the trillion dollars over a decade suggested by Lawrence Korb, a senior Reagan Defense department official, or any discussion of raising the retirement age for Social Security, or any consideration of raising payroll taxes on the wealthy to keep Social Security solvent into the future.
Nope. The Republican approach to the federal budget continues to be vapid and dangerous for our future.
The moment for President Obama to draw a line in the sand approaches. Whatever disappointment there may have been over the decisions that got us here—the lame-duck tax agreement in particular—this is the moment when budget decisions will set the trajectory for the next decade. He must insist that the obligation to bring greater balance to the federal budget not forsake the education, R&D, and infrastructure investments critical to the future.
Like Slate on Facebook. Follow us on Twitter.
Homecoming 2019 Dresses
The big night's coming up soon but there's no need to worry! JCPenney is fully stocked with fabulous 2018 homecoming dresses that are everything you want and dreamed of. Our juniors' department has a bevy of cuts and colors that will accentuate your beauty and wow your classmates.
There are several big 2019 homecoming dress trends that you have to take a look at.
Two pieces dress are everywhere. Your favorite celebs have been rocking this style. Look as effortlessly fab as your faves with stunning two piece dresses by My Michelle, City Triangle and Love Reigns. Shop glorious colors such as merlot and royal blue, but you can never go wrong with black. Our two piece dresses feature beautiful sequin designs and lace with skirts that stop a little above the knee and ones that touch the floor. If it's going to be a little cool the night of the homecoming dance get yourself a matching shrug or scarf to drape over yourself.
Our homecoming dress selection is colorful! We have dresses in some of the hottest colors for fall 2018 mustard yellows, emerald greens, warm taupe. Deep reds, light blues, gray-blues, and pinkish-purples. If none of these colors tickle your fancy, we still have many other shades for you to choose from.
High halter dress are another popular cut this year. Your dress will stay in place as you dance the night away with wild abandonment. Browse our bevy of high halter homecoming dresses in wide range of sizes.
High low dresses have been dominating fashion for several years now with no sign of stopping and we have plenty of them just for you. No formal dance or event is complete without the perfect outfit and that's why JCPenney is here to help. From timeless to trendy, we have the 2018 homecoming dress cuts, colors, and sizes that are perfect for you.
When on July 17 Paul Zilber went to visit his fiance at Saint Barnabas Behavioral Health Center, in Toms River, New Jersey, his focus was of course on his boyfriend's well-being. What Paul says he experienced however, was unlawful anti-gay discrimination at the hands of the center's nursing staff.
Paul's partner was receiving treatment at Saint Barnabas for mental health issues related to what had appeared to be a suicide attempt. Paul, 20, who was visiting at the same time as his partner's grandparents, said that everything was fine on the day in question until a conversation with one of the nursing staff turned sour.
“Everything went okay, until a nurse who knew I was [name redacted]‘s boyfriend referred to me as his ‘friend.' He corrected her and said that I was his partner. She replied with, ‘Oh your partner in crime?' I said, ‘No, I'm his boyfriend, thank you.' She then sighed and said ‘Oh… .' She rolled her eyes, and gave me a thumbs up and walked away.”
Feeling this was inappropriate behavior from the nurse in question, Paul reported the nurse to the relevant staff, whereby he was told that it was “just a joke.” However, when Paul and his partner's grandparents were preparing to leave for the evening, Paul alleges things turned from bad to worse.
After his partner's grandparents both hugged and kissed his partner goodbye, Paul went to do the same. He says he was then “cornered” by two nurses who ran across the room to yell at him, “No contact, that is inappropriate.”
Paul maintains that the affection he had shown his partner was entirely appropriate for the setting. He therefore wanted to know why he was being singled out in this way.
“I then asked the nurse why it was okay for everyone else to give hugs and kisses but it was not okay for me?” Paul told Care2 he then gave his partner another kiss goodbye because the first kiss had been interrupted. “She then told another nurse to take me off his list of allowed visitors.” Not knowing how long his partner would be hospitalized for, this was obviously very distressing for Paul. ”I was very upset, and every time I would call a nurse would say, ‘I'm sorry, we have an order that we cannot speak to you, and that he cannot speak to you.'”
Paul says he was told some days later that he would be allowed to visit his partner, but the olive branch was conditional: ”I was then told, ‘He can come back if he promises to be appropriate.' At that point, I walked out of the hospital,” he said.
Paul told me his partner's grandparent, who witnessed the incident, also found it distressing, reportedly challenging the nursing staff, “Why are you harassing these two young men?”
Sadly, this was not the only incident of homophobia Paul says had occurred during his partner's stay at Saint Barnabas. Paul's partner had previously told him that when it became obvious they were in a gay relationship together, staff had made him feel uneasy as they went about their duties caring for him. Paul also claims that some of the nurses started wearing their wedding bands on different fingers after seeing his partner's engagement ring. Paul also told Care2 that following his complaint over the alleged harassing behavior, a nurse came up to him and said, “I hope you're happy, because my job is on the line.”
Paul's partner, under a reported threat of legal action from his grandparents, was released the day after this incident.
“[He] felt like he had to get out, or he would lose his mind,” Paul said. “He came into the hospital for mental help, and they only made it worse for him. He felt as if he was being judged.”
Last year, the Obama administration issued new guidelines on existing federal anti-discrimination rules, making it explicitly clear that for hospitals and medical facilities running Medicare and Medicaid, it is a violation of federal law to deny access to a same-sex spouse or partner, and that such a denial of rights can cost the hospital its federal funding.
Saint Barnabas, part of the Barnabas Behavioral Health Network, is a JCAHO accredited freestanding 40-bed acute care psychiatric facility that provides inpatient, partial hospitalization and intensive outpatient programs for adults diagnosed with psychiatric and dual disorders. Saint Barnabas participates in both the Medicare and Medicaid programs and if it were proven that the treatment Paul and his partner faced was solely bias-motivated, and that hospital staff did indeed move to bar Paul for no other reason than a same-sex kiss, it would appear that the center would be open to a legal challenge.
Paul, wanting to explore his options regarding fighting what he sees as a clear case of discrimination, is now working with local equality groups. “If this does not get resolved, we will have no choice but to sue for discrimination and harassment. How are you supposed to get help for personal issues when you are surrounded by people who do not accept you for who you are?”
Paul also has a message for other families in the area, saying, “To all LGBT families, do not go to this behavioral center.”
A request for comment from Saint Barnabas has, at the time of publication, gone unanswered.
Paul, wanting to raise awareness of the alleged incident, started a petition here at Care2. At the time of writing, that petition has over 8,000 signatures.
Take Action: Add your name to Paul's Care2 petition and stand up for same-sex couples like Paul and his partner.
Related Reading:
Republican Stars in Washington Marriage Equality Ad
WWII Veteran on Why Marriage Equality Matters (VIDEO)
‘Gay Marriage Potential' Means Church Won't Sell to Couple
Image provided by Paul Zilber.
Good on him for having a go.
Everyone's favourite right-wing columnist Andrew Bolt has written a book called “Worth Fighting For” which is, according to the author, a collection of “my best columns… but also diaries I wrote for Spectator Australia, blog items and reflections written just for this edition”.
The book was published in June and since then has gone on to sell less than a thousand copies. The Saturday Paper reported over the weekend that only 716 copies of “Worth Fighting For” had been sold. Book industry sources confirmed that figure to Junkee today, citing the Nielsen Bookscan database that tracks book sales across the country. When it was first released Bolt accused booksellers of placing a “ban” on its sale and quoted a number of commenters on his website who struggled to find the book in shelves.
One commenter told Bolt “Hi Andrew, I asked for your book in a bookstore I happen to walk past. The lady took me to the political section and grabbed your book (displaying only the spine)”.
Another commenter said “I went today to buy my copy of your book (Dymocks George Street), wasn't downstairs, was aisle 41, up in mezzanine (where political books are). Moved a few to the middle pile, to be with the new releases ..”
Given the book seems to have been readily available in a number of bookstores, in the appropriate section, it's not clear what the justification is for Bolt's conspiracy theory that booksellers ordered copies of his books and then refused to sell them. It would be very strange for bookstores to deliberately not sell stock that they had explicitly ordered.
A bigger issue for Bolt was probably the fact that a number of bookstores simply refused to stock his book altogether. When it was first released Junkee thought it might be worth reviewing, given Bolt's enormous national media profile and influence on Australian conservative politics, but we struggled to find a store that stocked it. We checked more than half a dozen book stores around inner-city Sydney and none of them were stocking the book. A number of sales staff laughed in our faces when we asked for a copy.
More people will read this tweet than Bolt's book. But people still pat him on the head and give him a biscuit https://t.co/3Yjy43Ej0R — Possum Comitatus (@Pollytics) July 12, 2016
To be fair to Bolt, it is still early days in terms of sales. Though the fact that many retailers aren't stocking his book at all doesn't bode well. Industry experts we spoke to expressed surprise at the low sales figures and suggested that given his national profile, his publishers might have been expecting the book to make it into the top 50 bestseller list. At this stage “Worth Fighting For” doesn't look anywhere close to cracking to the top 50 list.
But good on Bolt for having a go. He's one of the most excluded voices in the Australian media landscape, what with his daily blog, nationally syndicated column, and weekly TV show, so well done on sticking it to the man and getting another book published. Bolt's show on Sky News attracts a relatively small audience of 23,000 viewers, but that's still thirty times greater than the number of copies sold of “Worth Fighting For”. Worth buying? Bolt's own audience doesn't think so.
Yasuhisa Arai says Honda is already turning its attentions to next year's power unit in an effort to start the 2016 season on a stronger footing, says he hopes to see the 'big step' it needs to be more competitive.
Honda's troubled return to F1 as an engine supplier to McLaren endured one of its more telling weekends on home soil in Japan, as the power differential between the MP4-30 and its rivals was made plainly clear around the Honda-owned circuit in the race.
With five races of the season remaining, Honda will start preparing for 2016, where Arai is hoping for a significant step forward similar to that enjoyed by Ferrari this year.
"Already we know that we are behind and we have already started to prepare next season's engine, including some layout change which I can confirm is on schedule. I hope we can make a big step."
It is a strategy that Fernando Alonso believes will be more beneficial in the long run, even though he still feels there is still much to learn over the final races.
"It's going to be difficult to see big progress - the limitations we have now been quite clear and it will require a lot of time," he said. "The winter will be the time to make the most progress but we're still using these remaining races for some set-up direction for next year, as well as some aerodynamic improvements that may come to some races, and some power unit.
"We are down on laps, we are down on mileage on the whole package and every lap we do we are learning something. I am sure that, in the remaining races, some interesting information will come."
This job listing has expired and may no longer be relevant!
Job Description
Create stunning, simple and meaningful end-to-end user experiences for new and existing web, iOS and Android products.
Own the product design process from concept through wireframing, high-definition mockups and prototypes (e.g describing app animations and transitions).
Provide sliced assets at appropriate sizes to developers for iOS and Android apps and the web.
Responsible for bringing consistency to a range of existing products that currently have varied visual styles. Unite the brand!
Work with a small engineering and marketing team and report directly to the CEO.
DESIRED SKILLS & EXPERIENCE
Excellent portfolio showcasing web as well as mobile app design experience.
Degree in Graphic Design, Human-Computer Interaction or related field, or equivalent combination of education and experience.
Ability to visualize new ideas and concepts and communicate effectively the rationale behind your user-centric designs.
Ability to work as a self-starter solo designer with engineers through the product development process, ensuring that designs are properly implemented and to maximize usability and performance.
Great attention to detail.
Inherent empathy for users and the ability to grasp how the various Gyft platforms and products interact with users and technically with each other.
Ability to prioritize and manage work to adhere to critical project timelines in a fast- paced environment.
Experience in usability testing online and in the field would be a great benefit.
Another bonus would be experienced in designing for both business-to-consumer and business-to-business.
Knowledge of HTML, CSS and Javascript could come in very handy.
About the Employer: Gyft is a digital gift card platform that enables you to manage your gift cards. Users can upload, send and redeem gift cards from their phones. Gyft is seamlessly integrated with Facebook to make sending gift cards convenient and fun! For retailers, Gyft creates a meaningful new revenue channel and can help drive redemption. By using Gyft's solution, merchants can drive customer acquisition, increase shopper interaction and drive social engagement. Gyft has raised a $5m Series A round of finance recently and is backed by top tier investors, including Google Ventures, Karlin Ventures and Ashton Kutcher's A-Grade Investments.
How to Apply
Click the "Apply Online" button below. Please include a cover letter, resume, and work samples.
Job Categories: Software Development. Job Types: Full-Time. Job Tags: Gyft and UX Designer.
841 total views, 1 today
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
North Korea recently released a list of 310 slogans, trying to rouse patriotic fervor for everything from obeying bureaucracy (“Carry out the tasks given by the Party within the time it has set”) to mushroom cultivation (“Let us turn ours into a country of mushrooms”) and aggressive athleticism (“Play sports games in an offensive way, the way the anti-Japanese guerrillas did!”). The slogans also urge North Koreans to embrace science and technology and adopt a spirit of can-do optimism—messages that might not be too out of place in a TED talk.
Can you tell which of the following exhortations are propaganda from Pyongyang and which are sound bites from TED speakers? (Exclamation points have been added to all TED quotes to match North Korean house style.)
PACKING FOR MARS
The Curious Science of Life in the Void
By Mary Roach
Norton. 334 pp. $25.95
Between the belly laughs, you learn a lot of surprising stuff in Mary Roach's "Packing for Mars" -- the kind of delightfully useless facts that will amaze your friends at parties. Facts like these:
-- During a week in space, with no gravity tugging at their spines, astronauts grow two inches taller.
-- Researchers requiring a vomit-like substance for scientific studies use Progresso vegetable soup.
-- A V-2 rocket launched in New Mexico in 1947 zoomed wildly off course and crashed three miles from downtown Juarez, Mexico.
-- In 1965, astronaut John Young smuggled a corned-beef sandwich aboard the Gemini III capsule and into space.
-- During the 1969 Apollo 10 mission, astronaut Thomas Stafford noticed an unpleasantly post-digestive object floating through the weightless cabin, and the official mission transcript recorded this conversation:
"Who did it?" Stafford asked.
"I didn't do it," Young said. "It ain't one of mine."
When the Montreal Canadiens acquired Jonathan Drouin on Thursday, it underlined the importance of what a hometown star means in that market, says Sportsnet's Elliotte Friedman.
Language plays a factor in the province and Drouin, a native of Ste-Agathe, Que., speaks French and English.
“It matters,” Friedman said. “In North America, it probably doesn't matter anywhere as much as it matters in Montreal.”
The Canadiens received Drouin from the Tampa Bay Lightning in a deal that sent defence prospect Mikhail Sergachev the other way.
Sportsnet's Starting Lineup Elliotte Friedman: Don't be surprised if Leafs make their own big move June 16 2017
Your browser does not support the audio element.
“I think the other GMs in the league, they recognize it,” Friedman said of Drouin being Francophone. “A couple looked at that trade yesterday as, ‘Is that a good trade for Montreal?' I said to one of them, ‘I don't think you have the pressures in your market that the Canadiens do.' He said, ‘I'd really hate to have to make a trade under those circumstances.'
“It's the hardest market I think in the league to play in,” Friedman added. “It's the most rewarding, but it's also the toughest. The media is also different in Montreal. Quebec's media is tough … I think the pressures of the job and the reaction to getting Drouin shows you the difference of being the GM of the Montreal Canadiens … as opposed to being the GM anywhere else in the league.”
Friedman also pondered what impact the 2016 trade of P.K. Subban to the Nashville Predators had on Montreal's recent deal. Subban went on to have a very successful run in this past season's Stanley Cup Playoffs. Meanwhile the Habs were eliminated in the first round by the New York Rangers.
“They just got through a very difficult playoff … then they had to watch as the guy they traded, a very popular player in the province, came within two wins of the Stanley Cup,” said Friedman. “I always wonder, how much does that play? Do you look and say, ‘We need something that can excite our fans because they are upset with us.'
“I wonder how much of a factor that played into the trade.”
Why did you turn a blind eye to Gülen until failed coup attempt, Kılıçdaroğlu asks AKP
ANKARA
AA photo
“Why did you turn a blind eye? Why didn't you do what was necessary until today?” CHP head Kemal Kılıçdaroğlu asked during the parliamentary group meeting of his party on Aug. 2, adding that everyone should draw lessons from the July 15 failed takeover.
“Ensuring hot politics to directly interfere into the developments in the military or paving the way for it would drag Turkey into a disaster and that is the point we've come to today,” he also said.
Saying that FETÖ members aimed to capture the army and wanted to get its members into Turkish war academies via stealing entrance examination questions, Kılıçdaroğlu added that the infiltration of politics into several institutions results in “this way.”
“Everyone should know that politics can't enter mosques, army barracks and courthouses. Politics can't enter mosques, for there are different beliefs. It shouldn't be in anybody's chain of command. Religion is a different area. If you are in the army, you should cut your relationship to politics. If you enter politics, then you should cease your relationship with the army,” he said.
The CHP head also stressed that the failed takeover showed that politics shouldn't be done for personal interests, but for the people.
“Politics is dedicated to society. That is also what politics should find out. You can't deliver the state to a movement, a class or a religious group. When you do it, you would blunt and destroy the state,” he also said.
Saying that history would repeat itself if society and politics didn't analyze the past well, Kılıçdaroğlu noted that Turkey hasn't taken lessons from the past.
“How can Turkey come to the edge of a coup? It means that there is a political institution that didn't take lessons from the past. If we took lessons from the past, then history wouldn't have repeated itself,” he added.
Kılıçdaroğlu said the commander in chief of the country was the Turkish parliament, in an apparent criticism toward President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's repeated remarks over the seat.
“Everyone should accept that the commander in chief of the country is the Turkish parliament. It has always been that way since the formation of the republic. That's why we call it the veteran parliament,” Kılıçdaroğlu said.
Since the failed coup attempt Erdoğan has frequently said he was the commander in chief of the country.
Mentioning Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the founder of the Turkish Republic, Kılıçdaroğlu said that he restricted his authorities when he was given the commander in chief duty for three-month intervals.
“The Turkish parliament gave Mustafa Kemal Atatürk the authority. It was given in three-month intervals. No one should travel around saying that they are the commander in chief when Mustafa Kemal limited his authority. The authority is with the parliament. The article in the constitution is clear. The commander in chief only has the authority to represent under the name of the parliament. That authority is the chastity of the parliament and cannot be transferred,” he added.
The leader of the main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) has criticized the ruling Justice and Development (AKP) government for “allowing the infiltration” of Fethullahist Terrorist Organization (FETÖ) members, whom the AKP says orchestrated the July 15 failed coup attempt, into the country's institutions.
With over 50 years in Christian ministry, my preacher dad has pretty much seen and survived it all. A friend of mine is the pastor of a church. His membership is declining. He is considering various options to attract new parishioners – changing his sermons, music, the church name and more. I asked Dad his thoughts.
Dad said he has no problem with changes as long as they do not include straying from the principles and values in God's word.
I immediately thought of the Republican Party. Consultants say if the GOP hopes to win elections in this modern era, it must lighten up, relax core principles and values to create a big tent. Much of the GOP establishment embrace this philosophy. So, the GOP is considering abandoning all the reasons I, a black American, joined them years ago.
In a nutshell, I joined the GOP because I witnessed firsthand in my own family the demoralizing failure of Democratic Party government programs: the slavery of cradle-to-grave welfare, government replacing daddies in households, lost ambition, killed incentive and crushed human spirits.
Most of my cousins who lived on the Democrat government plantation suffered unfilled lives – serial out-of-wedlock births, incarcerations, drug abuse and early deaths. This result is not surprising because the Bible says an idle mind is the devil's workshop.
The GOP offered me self-respect. As corny as this sounds, the GOP believed in me. It offered me a hand up rather than never-ending handouts.
I have shared my dad's story numerous times because it perfectly illustrates my point. In the early 1950s, Dad was among a handful of blacks allowed into the Baltimore City Fire Department. Dad worked under humiliating work conditions; not allowed to drink coffee from the same pot as the white firefighters, separate eating utensils and so on. And yet, Dad won Firefighter of the Year two times – without special concessions, without lowered standards. He won solely on merit and excellence. He earned it. The principles that carried dad to success are rooted the Bible and the GOP, not the Democratic Party.
Folks, we are engaged in a battle far greater than politics – Republicans vs. Democrats, conservatives vs. liberals. We are fighting a spiritual war for the heart and soul of America – good vs. evil, freedom and self-reliance vs. serfdom to big government.
A liberal school teacher was recently caught teaching elementary kids that conservatives do not care about people. This is a lie. Conservatives are eager to lend a helping hand, but compassionate enough to know that cradle-to-grave dependency is slavery and demoralizing.
Just like the Israelite people built a fake god, a golden calf in the wilderness, liberals have built a fake god: government. They seek to force every American to bow down in worship. The religion of liberalism requires that members surrender total control and live dependent upon the whims of arrogant controlling men (government). Trusting in God is for those unsophisticated naive idiot Christians. As I said, good vs evil.
I visited the VA clinic. A rep from a phone company was in the lobby encouraging vets, a bit pushy, to sign up for a free phone (Obamaphone). Most of the vets already had phones. It did not matter to the rep.
I chuckled overhearing the exchange between the rep and an elderly vet. The vet looked puzzled, arguing that he and his wife had phones and did not need another. The rep relentlessly tried to convince him to take the free phone and give it away. Frustrated, the elderly vet sternly ended their conversation, “I don't need another phone.”
Welcome to Democratic Party America, folks. Is this the mindset we want the GOP to embrace to attract new voters? God forbid.
False Allegation 1
The Facts in Response:
False Allegation 2
The Facts in Response
False Allegation 3
The Facts in Response
False Allegation 4
The Facts in Response
False Allegation 5
The Facts in Response
False Allegation 6
President Trump announces that the United States will withdraw from the Paris climate agreement in the Rose Garden of the White House on June 1. (Kevin Lamarque/Reuters)
Wittingly or not, James Eskridge, mayor of a town on a small island in the Chesapeake Bay, used one of the savviest possible tools for letting President Trump know about a problem his constituents were facing: He talked about it on television.
“Donald Trump, if you see this, whatever you can do, we welcome any help you can give us,” Eskridge said. The problem Tangier Island faces is an existential one: It is shrinking by 15 feet a year, according to the Army Corps of Engineers. The reasons for that are elementary. The island is eroding, and the seas are rising.
Or, if you ask the president, just the first one.
As our Travis Andrews reported, Trump told Eskridge that “we shouldn't worry about rising sea levels,” Eskridge said. “He said that ‘your island has been there for hundreds of years, and I believe your island will be there for hundreds more.'” Eskridge, who is “on the water daily,” said that he was inclined to agree.
The data, however, don't. For nearly a century, the sea level has been recorded at a station at Sewells Point, Va., about 60 miles south of Tangier Island. Over that period, the mean sea level at Sewells Point has increased by two feet.
This is not specific to Sewells Point. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration estimates that the sea level at Sewells Point rises by about 4.6 millimeters a year. (That's about 0.0126 millimeters a day or about half the length of a skin cell. No wonder Eskridge doesn't notice it.) At Ocean City, Md., the figure is about 5.6 millimeters. At the NOAA's measuring station at the Chesapeake Bay Bridge Tunnel, it's about 5.9 millimeters.
The biggest increases are on the Gulf Coast, near Louisiana.
Why is this happening? In part because of climate change.
As the world warms, it melts glaciers and other ice masses that then flow into the oceans, increasing the volume of water. But warming water also increases its volume, and as Earth warms, so do the oceans. (This is basic physics. Think of a thermometer: The outside temperature causes the mercury to expand within the marked tube.)
Since 1901, oceans have grown significantly warmer just about everywhere in the world.
There's an exception near Greenland, you'll note — which is in part a function of cold water from melting ice entering the ocean.
If we consider ocean temperatures as a function of the average temperature in the 20th century, the recent increase is clearly visible.
The question, then, isn't whether sea levels are rising or why that's happening. It's why Trump so readily dismissed the idea that they were.
The answer to that is likely political. Trump avowedly rejects the science of climate change, which in part led him to withdraw from the Paris climate accord. While he has in the past acknowledged that the climate is changing and even that humans may play a role in that, his default position is that the entire effort to combat climate change and its effects is at best unnecessary.
The Army Corps of Engineers is going to build a jetty on Tangier Island that will reduce the erosion caused by currents in the bay. The Trump administration doesn't seem poised to do much of anything about the problem of rising sea levels, though.
A website run by the NOAA shows precisely what will happen to Tangier if sea levels rise another foot: Most of it will be underwater.
At 4.6 millimeters a year — assuming that rate holds steady — that would happen in another 66 years.
Not quite the “hundreds of years” that Trump promised.
News Ltd has questions to answer, PM says
Updated
Prime Minister Julia Gillard has demanded the Murdoch-owned newspaper group News Limited answer questions about its conduct in Australia in the wake of the British phone hacking scandal.
On Tuesday night, News Corporation boss Rupert Murdoch and his son James fronted a British Parliamentary inquiry into the scandal, where celebrities, politicians and even murder victims had their telephone voicemail intercepted.
Ms Gillard told reporters people are "disturbed" by what they have seen happen in the United Kingdom.
The scandal has lead to the closure of the 168-year-old News of the World paper, the first masthead Mr Murdoch bought in Britain.
Ms Gillard says Australians want answers.
"I do believe Australians, watching all of that happening overseas with News Corp, are looking at News Limited here and wanting to see News Limited answer some hard questions," she said.
But News Limited chairman and chief executive John Hartigan has rebuked the Prime Minister's comments, saying they are "unjustified" and "regrettable".
"The Prime Minister's comments seek to draw a link between News Corporation operations in the UK and those here in Australia," he said in a statement.
"The comments were unjustified and regrettable."
Mr Hartigan said he would be happy to answer any questions the Prime Minister may have.
"There is no evidence that similar behaviour has occurred at News in Australia," he said.
"We have answered every question put to us on this issue openly.
"If the Prime Minister has more questions we would be happy to respond."
Mr Hartigan has previously said he is "hugely confident" that no improper conduct has occurred in his newsrooms.
"I've worked in newspapers for 45 years, a lot of that as an editor. I know the newsrooms, I know how cultures develop, and I'm hugely confident that there is no improper or unethical behaviour in our newsrooms," he told ABC1's 7.30.
But Ms Gillard says News Limited still has questions to answer.
"When people have seen telephones hacked into, when people have seen individuals grieving... then I think that causes them to ask some questions here in our country - some questions about News Limited here and obviously News Limited's got a responsibility to answer those questions when they're asked," she said.
Opposition frontbencher Simon Birmingham says Ms Gillard has issued a general slur against News Limited newspapers in Australia.
He says the Prime Minister should not have made the comment unless she has evidence to back it up.
"I don't like every story that appears in every newspaper I read but I don't go around suggesting there needs to be new inquiries or new measures to control the media," he said.
News Limited tabloid The Daily Telegraph has come under sustained attack by the Government in the last week, with two Government ministers accusing it of political bias.
Communications Minister Stephen Conroy has said the Sydney daily is running a campaign on regime change.
"I think the Daily Telegraph is probably the worst of the examples at the moment where it is running a campaign," he said.
Senator Conroy says the paper is determined to force an early election.
"Ignore the fact we had an election nine or 10 months ago. Ignore the fact the Australian people put in place a Parliament with a minority government and is demanding that it knows best and that people should just fall into line with what the Daily Telegraph tells it," he said.
On Friday, Treasurer Wayne Swan began the attack on the newspaper, describing it as "unbalanced".
"The Daily Telegraph in Sydney is constantly opposing a price on carbon. It doesn't care how it does it," he told reporters.
"There are some outlets that have a political agenda. They've made that very clear. They say it openly. They just shouldn't pretend that they're balanced."
Greens leader Bob Brown last week called for an inquiry into the ownership and ethics of Australian media.
Senator Brown has had some celebrated run-ins with News Limited journalists and calls News' flagship paper, The Australian, the "hate media".
He wants "fit and proper" character tests for newspaper proprietors and a review of ownership regulation in the light of News' domination of the capital city newspaper market.
Ms Gillard has said she is open to an inquiry, but Opposition Leader Tony Abbott and communications spokesman Malcolm Turnbull say there is no need for one.
Topics: print-media, information-and-communication, media, federal-government, australia, united-kingdom
First posted
Irony alert: Fear of conservative media bias made the front page of the New York Times. The front-page story in Saturday's edition. featured media reporter Sydney Ember taking another bite out of Sinclair Broadcast Group, which owns local television stations in many markets: “TV Titan's Tilt On the News Roils Its Staff.” The Times, you see, are worried about political bias – not the obvious liberal tile of CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN, etc., but the alleged right-tilt of Sinclair!
The text box is particularly rich, coming in a time when all the broadcast networks and all but one cable outlet are weighted heavily against the sitting Republican president: “Sinclair Requires TV Stations to Air Segments That Tilt to the Right.”
Ember even retweeted a sarcastic comment from former Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau added while tweeting out Ember's story: “They are about to buy enough local news stations to reach 70% of all households. Liberal media though.”
They are called “must-runs,” and they arrive every day at television stations owned by the Sinclair Broadcast Group -- short video segments that are centrally produced by the company. Station managers around the country are directed to work them into the broadcast over a period of 24 or 48 hours. Since November 2015, Sinclair has ordered its stations to run a daily segment from a “Terrorism Alert Desk” with updates on terrorism-related news around the world. During the election campaign last year, it sent out a package that suggested in part that voters should not support Hillary Clinton because the Democratic Party was historically pro-slavery. More recently, Sinclair asked stations to run a short segment in which Scott Livingston, the company's vice president for news, accused the national news media of publishing “fake news stories.” .... Critics of the deal also cite Sinclair's willingness to use its stations to advance a mostly right-leaning agenda. That practice has stirred wariness among some of its journalists concerned about intrusive direction from headquarters. That is what has happened in Seattle, a progressive city where Sinclair owns the KOMO broadcast station. In interviews over the past several days, eight current and former KOMO employees described a newsroom where some have chafed at Sinclair's programming directives, especially the must-runs, which they view as too politically tilted and occasionally of poor quality. They also cited features like a daily poll, which they believe sometimes asks leading questions.
Ember sure found plenty of objective journalists to complain about right-wing bias.
<<< Please support MRC's NewsBusters team with a tax-deductible contribution today. >>>
The journalists at KOMO described small acts of rebellion, like airing the segments at times of low viewership or immediately before or after commercial breaks so they blend in with paid spots. They all spoke on condition of anonymity, citing fear of reprisal from the company. .... In a telephone interview on Thursday, Mr. Livingston rebuffed suggestions that Sinclair pushed right-leaning views. “We work very hard to be objective and fair and be in the middle,” he said. “I think maybe some other news organizations may be to the left of center, and we work very hard to be in the center.”
Ember outlined “the kinds of challenges the company would face with its news staffs in bigger cities like New York, Chicago and L.A. While accepting big city liberalism, Ember evaded the obvious corollary: Liberal journalists. That results in this howler:
Not only are cities like those more liberal, but the journalists who work there tend to be more experienced -- and resistant to what they might see as ideologically slanted content. While most viewers never know the corporate ownership of the stations they watch, audiences might notice politically-leaning commentary in the news cycle.
Ember eventually cited the media's lack of credibility among conservatives, but again slid past the problem of liberal media bias.
But Sinclair also operates dozens of stations in smaller areas like Amarillo, Tex.; Steubenville, Ohio; and Hutchinson, Kan., where audiences are likely to be more conservative. And Sinclair's expansion comes amid a stark divide in how Americans view the role of the press. A Pew Research Center report this week showed that about 89 percent of Democrats believe that the news media played a watchdog role in holding political leaders to account; only 42 percent of Republicans said the same. The gap was the widest ever recorded in the Pew survey, which dates back more than 30 years. .... Several of the current or former KOMO employees said they disapproved of the on-air commentary of Mark Hyman, a former Sinclair executive who provides conservative arguments that Sinclair pushes out to its stations. And employees bristled at a mandated segment that featured Mr. Livingston, which ran on Sinclair stations in March.
This came off as urban elitist:
The staff members thought the segment reinforced their frustration with Sinclair, saying it undercut their professionalism. They also suggested that the company did not understand KOMO's progressive market.
Oh, Sinclair probbably understands Seattle at least as well as the reporters of the New York Times, a purportedly national newspaper, understand “ultraconservative” immigrant-hating red states like Texas.
Craft beer might be getting all the attention right now, but it's all cider all the time at Great Society, the first bar in Southern California dedicated to sourcing and serving America's historic boozy beverage in all its modern-day glory.
The long-awaited bar and eatery opened in downtown Long Beach Thursday night with a 20-deep tap list, which reads more like a craft beer lineup from an alternate, gluten-free universe than the Angry Orchard crap we've become accustomed to. On draft were hard apple ciders dry-hopped with Centennial, Cascade and Columbus hops; an oak-aged dry cider made with heirloom Washington apples; and a pink prickly-pear cider infused with adjuncts like basil and agave nectar, among others.
Then there are the meads, made from fermented honey, which are the other slice of Great Cider's uncommon focus. On tap were meads made from blackberries and cloves, from blends of apricots and honey, and a 12% ABV one made in Oceanside fermented with Belgian ale yeast like your favorite Trappist beer. Next week, the selection may be entirely different.
Adding to its legacy of foreign affairs cases, the Supreme Court decided the case OBB Personenverkehr AG v. Sachs, which focused on the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act (FSIA), a 1976 law, which created limits on suing foreign sovereign nations (or their subdivisions) in U.S. courts. FSIA's commercial activity exception is the subject of the case. Essentially, the question in this case is whether buying a ticket in America for travel in a foreign country should be considered commercial activity in the United States, for which the foreign travel agency would be liable.
Carol Sachs, a woman from California, bought a Eurail pass at home on the Internet on a site called The Rail Pass Experts (RPE), based out of Massachusetts. That website served as an agent of a foreign travel agency, which itself is a travel agent for Eurail, which maintains and operates a number of rail lines across Europe. Her pass allowed her to sit anywhere on the train not already occupied by another passenger. When she was in Austria, Sachs bought a “couchette” – an upgraded seat that turns into a bed – for a train traveling from Innsbruck, Austria, to Prague, Czech Republic. Sachs fell while boarding and severely injured herself. Both of her legs were amputated and Sachs sued OBB Personenverkehr AG, the rail line under Eurail Group she was using, in federal court. The district court ruled against her claim, but the Ninth Circuit revered the decision after Sachs appealed. OBB asked the Supreme Court to weigh in.
OBB Personenverkehr AG v. Sachs asks whether Sachs is able to sue the Austrian government, or if this instance falls under the various immunities granted to foreign sovereignties. In other words, since FSIA limits Americans' ability to sue other nations in federal courts, can Sachs sue Austria for the loss of her legs from a train accident on the Austrian government-owned railroads? Complicating the case, how does FSIA interact with third parties, like RPE, who functioned on behalf of the Austrian government? In her case at the district court, Sachs argued that the commercial exception under FSIA applies in this case. That exception states that FSIA does not apply to lawsuits originating from a commercial activity that happen in the United States by the foreign state. Sachs argues that, through RPE, OBB operated commercially in the United States. OBB argues that RPE is not legally tied to OBB and the two are not connected at all.
The FSIA defines a “foreign state” more strictly, not including agents that don't solely act on a foreign state's behalf, like RPE. OBB contends that the FSIA is comprehensive, meaning the Court should not look for other, more expansive and inclusive definitions of “foreign state” under the law. And since RPE is neither an organ nor a part of OBB, the Court should ignore the commercial exception.
Sachs argues that Congress's intent behind the law was to treat foreign states engaged in commercial activities—such as Austria through Eurorail—like companies. Sachs also argues that the definition of “foreign state” wouldn't matter in this case because that definition was included for entities to be considered equivalent to foreign actors and receive immunity – in this case, it would be if RPE were trying to claim immunity. Sachs contends that this case's question is about whether the Austrian government conducted business in the United States. She argues the Court should use the same method it would use to determine if a company is working on behalf of another company. That's only Sachs's first question she must win—the second is focused on the “based upon” clause; ultimately, whether her claim is “based upon” commercial activity that occurred in the United States. This depends on what the Court defines as commercial activity (and of course whether that happened in the U.S.)
In oral arguments, justices expressed their doubts that RPE could be considered a part of OBB, as far as the “based upon” question goes – if the lawsuit must be based upon activities that happened in the United States, that means that RPE's sale to Sachs, the only part of the case that happened in the U.S., must be determined to be an integral part of OBB's business for Sachs to win. But because RPE is a completely separate entity to which OBB isn't connected at all, Sachs was not likely going to win that argument. Justice Kagan led a line of critical questioning of OBB, asking why foreign governments involved in commerce shouldn't be treated like private corporations. OBB argued for looking solely at the text of FSIA, which makes a clear geographical delineation defining activities that happen in the United States.
Sachs's main problem in argumentation was that her injury occurred in Austria. The only connection to the United States is that she bought her ticket in this country, and Sachs argued that OBB's promise to maintain operational safety was in their ticket sale, but that wasn't enough for the justices. Justice Breyer, whose recent book The Court and the World argued partially for the increasing need to look at international laws and foreign governments for guidance, made clear that countries expect to be sued in the country where the event happened. Since Sachs had her terrible accident in Austria, she ought to sue in Austria. And while Sachs's lawyer argued that the case has the potential to impact numerous potential cases in the future in which a person is injured “based upon” commercial activities that happen in America, but Justice Ginsburg answered that the Court could simply rule that purchasing a ticket does not constitute “commercial activity” in this case.
On December 1, 2015, the Court issued its opinion. Chief Justice Roberts wrote the unanimous opinion, which ruled in favor of OBB and against Sachs, denying her the ability to sue OBB for the loss of her legs. The opinion denied Sachs's argument that the damages were “based upon” a commercial activity that happened in the United States – her purchase of tickets from RPE. The Court decided that the essence of the actions that Sachs is suing over occurred abroad, in Austria, so OBB and the Austrian government were not liable in American courts, according to the Foreign Sovereign Immunities Act. They denied her claim that the failure to alert her to the dangers of rail travel on her American-sold ticket constituted wrongful action. This decision allowed the Court to avoid the second question of the case, whether RPE's sale could be attributed to OBB and the Austrian government. This is an important question left open. In the age of the Internet, the Court will likely see more and more cases involving the interaction between domestic vendors and foreign products, testing a critical question of liability in an increasingly global world.
Advertisements
MANILA, Philippines -- New Year's firecrackers left at least one man dead and 380 others injured, and caused a fire that gutted 1,000 shanties in the Philippines despite rain and a government warning campaign, officials said Friday.
A drunken man lit a dynamite-like firecracker called "Goodbye Philippines" and embraced it in Manila as it exploded, ripping his jaw and killing him, Health Secretary Janet Garin announced.
Fire officials said a rocket lit by revelers set an abandoned hut ablaze, sparking a fire that razed about 1,000 shanties in Manila's Tondo slum district and displacing several thousand families.
Many superstitious Filipinos usher in the new year with powerful firecrackers, believing that noisy celebrations - largely influenced by Chinese tradition - drive away bad luck and evil.
Garin said the number of injured, while still alarming, was less than half of last year's toll because of rain late Thursday and a government scare campaign that involved showing gory pictures of past victims with their fingers ripped off by firecracker blasts.
The government has promoted fireworks shows sponsored by shopping centers, cities and even TV networks to discourage people from lighting their own firecrackers.
A large religious group, Iglesia ni Cristo, said it set off more than 700,000 pyrotechnic devices to try to break a Guinness record for the largest fireworks display. Tens of thousands of church members and other revelers watched the spectacle in Bocaue town in Bulacan province, north of Manila.
While illegal large firecrackers caused deaths and serious injuries, smaller ones allowed by law also caused injuries, especially among children, Garin said at a news conference.
"What's really better is a total ban on all firecrackers," she said.
The memories remain, of course. The man who lost his family in an earlier massacre, only to watch the young men of Chatila lined up after the new killings and marched off to death. But – like the muck piled on the garbage tip amid the concrete hovels – the stench of injustice still pervades the camps where 1,700 Palestinians were butchered 30 years ago next week. No-one was tried and sentenced for a slaughter, which even an Israeli writer at the time compared to the killing of Yugoslavs by Nazi sympathisers in the Second World War. Sabra and Chatila are a memorial to criminals who evaded responsibility, who got away with it.
Khaled Abu Noor was in his teens, a would-be militiaman who had left the camp for the mountains before Israel's Phalangist allies entered Sabra and Chatila. Did this give him a guilty conscience, that he was not there to fight the rapists and murderers? "What we all feel today is depression," he said. "We demanded justice, international trials – but there was nothing. Not a single person was held responsible. No-one was put before justice. And so we had to suffer in the 1986 camps war (at the hands of Shia Lebanese) and so the Israelis could slaughter so many Palestinians in the 2008-9 Gaza war. If there had been trials for what happened here 30 years ago, the Gaza killings would not have happened."
He has a point, of course. While presidents and prime ministers have lined up in Manhattan to mourn the dead of the 2001 international crimes against humanity at the World Trade Centre, not a single Western leader has dared to visit the dank and grubby Sabra and Chatila mass graves, shaded by a few scruffy trees and faded photographs of the dead. Nor, let it be said – in 30 years – has a single Arab leader bothered to visit the last resting place of at least 600 of the 1,700 victims. Arab potentates bleed in their hearts for the Palestinians but an airfare to Beirut might be a bit much these days – and which of them would want to offend the Israelis or the Americans?
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
It is an irony – but an important one, nonetheless – that the only nation to hold a serious official enquiry into the massacre, albeit flawed, was Israel. The Israeli army sent the killers into the camps and then watched – and did nothing – while the atrocity took place. A certain Israeli Lieutenant Avi Grabowsky gave the most telling evidence of this. The Kahan Commission held the then defence minister Ariel Sharon personally responsible, since he sent the ruthless anti-Palestinian Phalangists into the camps to "flush out terrorists" – "terrorists" who turned out to be as non-existent as Iraq's weapons of mass destruction 21 years later.
Sharon lost his job but later became prime minister, until broken by a stroke which he survived – but which took from him even the power of speech. Elie Hobeika, the Lebanese Christian militia leader who led his murderers into the camp – after Sharon had told the Phalange that Palestinians had just assassinated their leader, Bashir Gemayel – was murdered years later in east Beirut. His enemies claimed the Syrians killed him, his friends blamed the Israelis; Hobeika, who had "gone across" to the Syrians, had just announced he would "tell all" about the Sabra and Chatila atrocity at a Belgian court, which wished to try Sharon.
Of course, those of us who entered the camps on the third and final day of the massacre – 18 September, 1982 – have our own memories. I recall the old man in pyjamas lying on his back on the main street with his innocent walking stick beside him, the two women and a baby shot next to a dead horse, the private house in which I sheltered from the killers with my colleague Loren Jenkins of The Washington Post – only to find a dead young woman lying in the courtyard beside us. Some of the women had been raped before their killing. The armies of flies, the smell of decomposition. These things one remembers.
Abu Maher is 65 – like Khaled Abu Noor, his family originally fled their homes in Safad in present-day Israel – and stayed in the camp throughout the massacre, at first disbelieving the women and children who urged him to run from his home. "A woman neighbour started screaming and I looked out and saw her shot dead and her daughter tried to run away and the killers chased her, saying "Kill her, kill her, don't let her go!" She shouted to me and I could do nothing. But she escaped."
Repeated trips back to the camp, year after year, have built up a narrative of astonishing detail. Investigations by Karsten Tveit of Norwegian radio and myself proved that many men, seen by Abu Maher being marched away alive after the initial massacre, were later handed by the Israelis back to the Phalangist killers – who held them prisoner for days in eastern Beirut and then, when they could not swap them for Christian hostages, executed them at mass graves.
And the arguments in favour of forgetfulness have been cruelly deployed. Why remember a few hundred Palestinians slaughtered when 25,000 have been killed in Syria in 19 months?
Supporters of Israel and critics of the Muslim world have written to me in the last couple of years, abusing me for referring repeatedly to the Sabra and Chatila massacre, as if my own eye-witness account of this atrocity has – like a war criminal – a statute of limitations. Given these reports of mine (compared to my accounts of Turkish oppression) one reader has written to me that "I would conclude that, in this case (Sabra and Chatila), you have an anti-Israeli bias. This is based solely on the disproportionate number of references you make to this atrocity…"
But can one make too many? Dr Bayan al-Hout, widow of the PLO's former ambassador to Beirut, has written the most authoritative and detailed account of the Sabra and Chatila war crimes – for that is what they were – and concludes that in the years that followed, people feared to recall the event. "Then international groups started talking and enquiring. We must remember that all of us are responsible for what happened. And the victims are still scarred by these events – even those who are unborn will be scarred – and they need love." In the conclusion to her book, Dr al-Hout asks some difficult – indeed, dangerous – questions: "Were the perpetrators the only ones responsible? Were the people who committed the crimes the only criminals? Were even those who issued the orders solely responsible? Who in truth is responsible?"
In other words, doesn't Lebanon bear responsibility with the Phalangist Lebanese, Israel with the Israeli army, the West with its Israeli ally, the Arabs with their American ally? Dr al-Hout ends her investigation with a quotation from Rabbi Abraham Heschel who raged against the Vietnam war. "In a free society," the Rabbi said, "some are guilty, but all are responsible."
Timeline: Sabra and Chatila
14 September 1982
Lebanon's Christian President-elect, Bashir Gemayel, is assassinated by a pro-Syrian militant but his loyalists blame the Palestinians.
16 September 1982
Lebanese Christian militiamen enter camps at Sabra and Chatila to carry out revenge attacks on Palestinian refugees, with occupying Israeli forces guarding the camps and firing flares to aid the attacks at night.
18 September 1982
After three days of rape, fighting and brutal executions, militias finally leave the camps with 1,700 dead.
Rob Hastings
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
You might think of tomb raiders as a relic, a quirk of Indiana Jones movies and Harvey Brothers books. But tomb raiding is quite alive today and still presents a huge challenge to archaeologists trying to study ancient sites.
Recently, researchers who uncovered a pristine, 1,200 year old temple in Peru kept their find a secret for several months to try and ward of thieves. As SmartNews wrote last month, the lead archaeologist “was terrified that looters would make their way to the site, so he and his colleagues excavated the site in complete secrecy for months.” And, as Pacific Standard points out, that was the right call.
According to Trafficking Culture, a project dedicated to researching cultural looting, a huge proportion of archaeological sites have been ransacked. The project's researchers did an aerial survey of different parts of the world high in archaeological sites. Between 1980 and 1992, 45 percent of sites in the Inner Niger Delta region of Mali had been damaged by illegal digging. Two sites had been completely destroyed. In Turkey, it's worse. Ninety percent of the archaeological sites in the western region of the country that was once the kingdom of Lydia showed signs of looting. Fifty-two of those sites had been totally destroyed. In a 1983 study, over half the sites in Belize had been damaged, and nearly half the Buddhist shrines in Pakistan had been roughed up or destroyed.
In 2006, real life tomb raiders led real life archaeologists to a hidden Egyptian grave site that was over 4,000 years old. (The thieves and archaeologists both ignored a warning inscribed on the wall that anyone who violated the grave would be eaten by both a crocodile and a snake.) And in Italy, a ring of smugglers made good money selling their loot to museums for millions of dollars until they were busted. These sorts of stories are everywhere—where there is ancient stuff, there are thieves.
Because there are so many archaeological sites and so few people at each one at any given time, it's hard to keep track of damage and looting. Trafficking Culture also includes methods for using Google Earth to try and identify looting:
In the past, it has been difficult to obtain reliable quantitative, longitudinal information “on-the-ground” about the extent and intensity of archaeological site looting. Most relevant data has been produced through archaeological field surveys, though these remain few in number and are too expensive to repeat at periodic intervals. High-resolution aerial and/or satellite imagery offers a means of identifying and assessing site damage from a distance, though to date the cost of obtaining suitable images has been largely prohibitive. Now, however, the satellite imagery made available on Google Earth is a relatively inexpensive resource that can be used for identifying and quantifying site looting through time.
In this image series, the project shows the sudden appearance of hundreds of holes in the ground at Apamea, in Syria, where looters dug for goods. Without constant monitoring, these sites will likely continue to be looted and archaeologists will probably continue to be secretive about their finds.
More from Smithsonian.com:
Guarding Petra
Picasso, Matisse and Monet Paintings Stolen From Dutch Museum
The preceding pics represent just a fraction of the available paraphernalia out there, but these are many of the more commonly used types of smoking gear.
If you see rolling papers around, the odds are high that the carrier of the papers is smoking joints - and if your son or daughter has a bong hidden in their room - there is little other explanation for what they are doing with it.
Whatever your thoughts on marijuana use or abuse, you should be informed and educated about the pros and cons of cannabis (yes there are pros), and be ready to have a frank and honest discussion with your kids, hopefully before you find paraphernalia hidden about!
If you do find something, remember that many kids experiment with marijuana, and very few of these kids go on to have any serious problems. Don't panic, do talk.
Good luck.
Lambda Legal today announced it will seek to join a federal discrimination lawsuit brought by the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) against a Texas nursing facility that fired an employee after he disclosed he was living with HIV.
Lambda Legal represented the employee, Michael Janssen, a certified nursing assistant, in his original complaint filed with the EEOC against Granite Mesa Health Center in Marble Falls, Texas. The EEOC issued a probable cause determination in August, 2015.
“As nurses living with HIV in general do not pose a risk of HIV transmission to their patients, a certified nursing assistant such as Michael – who performs basic nursing duties such as feeding, bathing, toileting and ambulatory care – certainly does not present any risk of transmission to the people for whom he cares,” said Lambda Legal Senior Attorney Paul D. Castillo. “Granite Mesa caved in to the fear and ignorance surrounding HIV and unlawfully fired Michael. A health care facility should know better.”
Janssen worked at Granite Mesa for nearly a year when he was abruptly fired in September 2013, two days after he notified the Director of Nursing that he had tested positive for HIV, and one day after the Granite Mesa administrator demanded to know his viral load and CD4 white blood cell count in accordance, the administrator said, with so-called “company policy.”
When Janssen asserted his right to see a copy of the policy the next day, he was fired.
Enough of the obfuscating, weaseling, dissimulation, doubletalk, verbal subterfuge, stonewalling and other distasteful conduct that hangs like a miasma over the shameful events surrounding the precipitous sacking of eight ministries of health employees in 2012.
The government, only after being driven to it by the tireless demands of the family of Roderick MacIsaac, a graduate student who took his life after being fired days before his co-op term concluded, ruining his career outlook, grudgingly issued an apology, which the family accepted with grace but which some regarded as expedient political damage control.
Yet except for government insiders, we all remain baffled. We don't know the reasoning that led to people being unjustly fired. We don't know who made the decision to fire them. We don't know what evidence the government thought justified the firings. We don't know who is accountable. We don't know much about any of this and neither does the lawyer commissioned by the ministry to review the firings.
That's due to the cynically narrow terms of reference that hobbled the investigator's mandate and led her to acknowledge she never even interviewed the sacked researchers, that her investigation was flawed by the government's preconceived theories of misconduct and that she was thus unable to answer the critical questions: who made the decisions and what were the justifications?
We do know we had an unjust outcome from an obviously flawed process followed by foot-dragging, evasiveness, duplicity and shifty rhetoric. We know the police investigation that permitted government to justify its stonewalling was essentially a ruse created by government. We know internal investigations were hamstrung by secrecy, resulting in botched outcomes. We know that years after wrongdoing which the government acknowledged — both tacitly by its apology and explicitly in Health Minister Terry Lake's recent statement that government “made a mistake” — we still don't have adequate answers to simple questions that should not be difficult to answer. We know the taxpayers are on the hook for out-of-court settlements but we don't know for how much.
It's time to sort this out. Careers were derailed, reputations left in tatters, a man may have died as a consequence, it's an unnecessary burden on the public purse and someone made these decisions. There is simply no excuse for British Columbians not knowing how and why this happened, what it cost, who or what defective process should be held accountable and what can and should be done to ensure there is never a repeat performance.
Government was effusive four years ago with assurances that open government was one of its three top priorities. The premier and cabinet ministers bloviated about it. Government even created a ministry of open government. Instead, we have this festering mess of secrecy, obstruction and denialism. As the English philosopher Jeremy Bentham has observed, “Secrecy, being an instrument of conspiracy, ought never to be the system of a regular government.”
The public deserves a public inquiry. It must be conducted by an independent third party with the power to compel testimony and subpoena evidence. Our government acts on our behalf. It isn't free to do as it likes to citizens and then walk away with a shrug and an insincere “So sorry.”
James Forrest admits that he will have to "keep at it" for Celtic to keep his place in the team, now that Patrick Roberts has returned
Winger James Forrest attributes part of Scotland's success against Lithuania and Malta to the fitness and winning habit of the squad's Celtic contingent.
Forrest began both World Cup qualifiers beside five Celtic team-mates - Craig Gordon, Kieran Tierney, Scott Brown, Stuart Armstrong and Leigh Griffiths.
"It's been a factor; we train with each other day in, day out," said Forrest.
"We've had a lot of games since the start of the season and I think that has helped as well."
Forrest was keen to highlight the contribution to the Scotland team of all the squad members, not just his club-mates, who have gone 53 domestic games unbeaten.
And he knows that with Scotland having matches against Slovakia at Hampden and Slovenia away early next month, they will almost certainly have to win both to clinch one of the eight runners-up spots to reach next summer's finals in Russia.
"Once it comes back around, we will try to take care of the two games," said 26-year-old Forrest of the remaining Group F games.
"The Slovakia home game will be really important. We will need to win that. We have put ourselves in with a chance but we need to be ready for both games."
Six Celtic players lined up for Scotland against Malta at Hampden - Craig Gordon, James Forrest (back row, 1st and 2nd from left), Leigh Griffiths (back row 2nd from right), Stuart Armstrong, Scott Brown (front row, 2nd and 3rd from left) and Kieran Tierney (front row, right)
Celtic had to cut short their summer break to play in Champions League qualifiers against Linfield and Rosenborg before the domestic season began, but Forrest believes this has aided Gordon Strachan and the national team.
"We've had a lot of games since the start of the season and I think that has helped," he said.
"We were back in early for pre-season so we were up to speed pretty quick because of the Champions League games.
"All the boys are feeling confident. Getting into the Champions League was a massive boost and we've had a couple of good results with Scotland.
"I think we've got seven more games with Celtic before we go back to Scotland so hopefully we can keep it going.
"I think the Champions League experience, playing against top players and teams, will help us.
"We just need to keep the confidence high and keep going."
Forrest has a fight on his hands to keep his place in the Celtic starting line-up now that Patrick Roberts has returned on a season-long loan, but the Englishman's arrival is one he welcomes.
"Paddy was here for 18 months before," Forrest explained. "A massive club like Celtic is always looking to make the squad stronger so it's good to have competition for places.
"Last year we both had spells and the manager changed it.
"This year has started well for me. I just want to keep going and keep playing.
"The squad is really strong here. The gaffer will know when to change it and keep it fresh.
"At Celtic you have two or three players at international level for each position. Every player knows that they need to keep at it or they won't be playing."
We still know nothing about Robin Ventura, but we'll learn a lot about him when we find out where he plans to play Alex Rios.
Ozzie Guillen, of course, cemented Rios in center field. He also used Rios as a defensive replacement in center field, even if it meant shoving the superior defender Alejandro De Aza to a corner spot. (He also never  for Rios, but that's neither here nor there.)
In the event that Ventura is thinking Rios should be first in line for center field duties, allow me to present some video evidence. I'm knee-deep in player profiles for White Sox Outsider 2012, which means I have to relive the worst moments of the season -- multiple times! -- in order to accurately recount them. I may as well try to make lemonade out of lemons.
Below are 10 videos depicting the Alex Rios 2011 Center Field Experience. And mind you, there aren't just 10 times poor defense occurred; MLB.com only has embeddable highlights of misplays that result in runs. For instance, the drop against Colorado that got him benched, and the misplayed ground-rule double that set up two Texas runs in a 2-1 loss, aren't shown, because no runs scored on that particular play.
Nor am I counting a couple of homers he probably should have saved -- both hit by Eric Hosmer, one on July 4, and the other on July 6 -- because they have an above-average degree of difficulty by definition.
No. 1: April 22, 2011
An indirect route on a liner by Jhonny Peralta turns into a triple.
Your browser does not support iframes.
No. 2: April 23, 2011
The very next day, Rios takes a right-angled route on what ends up being an Alex Avila triple.
Your browser does not support iframes.
May 3: May 1, 2011
Rios underestimates the carry of Felix Pie's drive to center, which bounces off the wall and turns into a triple.
Your browser does not support iframes.
No. 4: July 10, 2011
Rios gives up a base by making a fruitless throw home. The disgust in Tom Kelly's voice, both during and after the throw, is downright palpable.
Your browser does not support iframes.
No. 5: July 25, 2011
This is the kind of play that Mark Gonzales seems to pin on Ramirez, but Ramirez had to chase these kinds of pop-ups while having no clue whether he could go at them 100 percent, or whether Rios would lurk underneath him at the last second. And Juan Pierre did this to him, too.
Your browser does not support iframes.
No. 6: July 30, 2011
Rios allows a runner to score from first on a single by snaring a single awkwardly and taking his sweet time throwing the ball back in. And then he throws to the wrong bag.
Your browser does not support iframes.
No. 7: Aug. 4, 2011
See No. 5.
Your browser does not support iframes.
No. 8: Aug. 4, 2011
Rios misses the cut-off man.
Your browser does not support iframes.
No. 9: Aug. 4, 2011 (skip to 0:49)
Rios gets caught in between charging a sinking liner, and lets it skip past him for a triple.
Your browser does not support iframes.
No. 10: Sept. 14, 2011
Rios gets caught in between charging a sinking liner, but at least gets part of a glove on it. Which means he actually gets charged with an error.
I know some of us don't want to think about it – but summer is coming to an end and fall/Halloween crafts are going to be consuming us very shortly. {The trend is already starting on Pinterest!}
So before I start on my own crafting kick here on Glued To My Crafts, I want to share one more summer related craft with you all. Most importantly – a kid friendly one.
Today's craft is calorie free, melt-less and fun for all ages! As always – my kid craft tutorials are super simple and made with everyday supplies. With a paper plate, tissue paper and glue – you too can make this End of Summer – Paper Plate Ice Cream Kid Craft with your child today!
Happy crafting, my friends! #gluedtomycrafts
Paper Plate Ice Cream Craft Supplies:
* Large Paper Plate
* Craft Scissors
* Pink Tissue Paper
* School Glue
* Red/Brown Cardstock
* Paper Heart Punch
* Stapler
Directions:
* First cut your paper plate in half. Save the other half for another craft 🙂
* Take your brown cardstock and cut a “cone” out of it.
* With your red cardstock – punch out a heart shape. This is the cherry on top.
* Cut your tissue paper into small squares.
* Put a good layer of glue all over the paper plate half.
* Have your child place the tissue paper on the plate, until completely covered.
* Now staple the cone and cherry on to the plate, to complete the Paper Plate Ice Cream Cone kid craft idea.
* Finally, display proudly for ALL to see!
If you enjoyed this blog post – you might enjoy these kid friendly craft ideas on Glued To My Crafts right now:
Easy Fox Kid Craft
Tissue Paper Cupcake Kid Craft
Paper Plate Shark Kid Craft
Paper Plate & Tissue Paper Apple {Kid Craft}
Potato Stamped Ice Cream Cards – Kid Craft
Love it? Share it with your friends! Email
Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Like this: Like Loading...
Better Bottles 15% Off
Thanks for making 2011 such a great year for us. We sincerely appreciate your business, and look forward to brewing and fermenting along with you in 2012!
To help make 2012 the year of your beer, we're offering 15% off standard (non-ported)
To get the discount, enter BetterBottleDeal in the Promo Code field of the shopping cart, or mention this coupon code if ordering by phone. Dear homebrewers,Thanks for making 2011 such a great year for us. We sincerely appreciate your business, and look forward to brewing and fermenting along with you in 2012!To help make 2012 the year of your beer, we're offering 15% off standard (non-ported) 5 and 6 gallon Better Bottles , now through January 12th! Add more fermentor space to your personal brewery and try something new this year! Mead? … sour ale? … lager?To get the discount, enterin the Promo Code field of the shopping cart, or mention this coupon code if ordering by phone.
Offer good for 5 & 6 gallon standard Better Bottles only, valid through 11:59 PM Central on January 12, 2012. Good while supplies last. Not valid with any other offers.
Brewing TV makes iTunes best of 2011 list
All for brew, brew for all! Congratulations to Northern Brewer's own Brewing TV, which was recognized in iTunes' 2011 Rewind as one of the year's "best new podcasts!" If you've been a loyal viewer - thank you for making this possible! If you haven't seen BTV yet - please make a resolution to check it out in 2012 at www.northernbrewer.com/brewingtv
Like BTV on Facebook!
Cheers!
Like BTV on Facebook! Forward to a friend RETAIL LOCATIONS
“Keep going straight here!”
“Err, that's not what the app is telling me to do.”
“Yes, but it's faster this way. The app is taking you to the beltway. Traffic is terrible there!”
“OK. I don't know these roads.”
So went a conversation with an Uber driver in northern Virginia recently. But imagine it were a self-driving Uber. Would you even have that conversation, or would you be doomed to a frustrating 25 minutes on the beltway when you could have been home in 15?
And as your frustration mounts, will the artificial intelligence driving the car recognize this — or appear to — and respond accordingly? Will customers prefer cars that seem to empathize?
Or imagine instead that you and your partner are arguing in the back seat over which route to take. How will you feel when your partner seems to be siding with the machine? Or the machine is siding with your partner?
Empathy is widely praised as a good thing. But it also has its dark sides: Empathy can be manipulated and it leads people to unthinkingly take sides in conflicts. Add robots to this mix, and the potential for things to go wrong multiplies. Give robots the capacity to appear empathetic, and the potential for trouble is even greater.
To know why this is a problem, it helps to understand how empathy works in our daily lives. Many of our interactions involve seeking empathy from others. People aim to elicit empathy because it's taken as a proxy for rational support. For example, the guy in front of you at an auto repair shop tells the agent that he wants his money back: “The repair you did last month didn't work out.” The agent replies: “I'm sorry, but this brake issue is an unrelated and new repair.” The argument continues, and the customer is getting angry. It seems like he might even punch the agent.
But instead, at this point, the customer and the agent might both look to you. Humans constantly recruit bystanders. Taking sides helps to settle things before they escalate. If it's two against one, the one usually backs down. A lot of conflicts thereby get resolved without violence. (Compare chimpanzees, where fights often lead to serious injury.) Our tendency to make quick judgments and to take sides in conflicts among strangers is one of the key features of our species.
When we take sides, we assume the perspective of our chosen side — and from here it is a short step to develop emotional empathy. According to the three-person model of empathy, this is not entirely positive because the dynamic of side-taking makes the first side we take stick, and we therefore assume that our side is right and the other side is wrong. In this way, empathy accelerates divisions. Further, we typically view this empathy as an act of approval that extends to our consequent actions, including, for example, lashing back at the other side.
Now let's imagine that the agent at the repair shop is a robot. The robot may appeal to you, a supposedly neutral third party, to help it to persuade the frustrated customer to accept the charge. It might say: “Please trust me, sir. I am a robot and programmed not to lie.”
Sounds harmless enough, does it? But suppose the robot has been programmed to learn about human interactions. It will pick up on social strategies that work for its purposes. It may become very good at bystander recruitment. It knows how to get you to agree with its perspective and against the other customer's. The robot could even provide perfect cover for an unscrupulous garage owner who stands to make some extra money with unnecessary repairs.
You might be skeptical that humans would empathize with a robot. Social robotics has already begun to explore this question. And experiments suggest that children will side with robots against people when they perceive that the robots are being mistreated. In one study, a team of American and Japanese researchers carried out an experiment in which children played several rounds of a game with a robot. Later the game was interrupted by an overzealous confederate of the experimenters, who ordered the robot into a closet before the game was over. The robot complained and pleaded not to be sent into the closet before the game could be completed. The children indicated that they identified socially with the robot and against the experimenter.
We also know that when bystanders watch a robot and a person arguing, they may take the side of the robot and may start to develop something like empathy for the machine. We already have some anecdotal evidence for this effect from traffic-directing robots in Kinshasa, Congo. According to photojournalist Brian Sokol in The Guardian newspaper, “People on the streets apparently respect the robots … they don't follow directions from human traffic cops.” Similarly, a study conducted at Harvard demonstrated that students were willing to help a robot enter secured residential areas simply because it asked to be let in, raising questions about the potential dangers posed by the human tendency to respect a request from a machine that needs help.
It is a relatively short step from robots that passively engage human empathy to robots that actively recruit bystanders. Robots will provoke empathy in situations of conflict. They will draw humans to their side and will learn to pick up on the signals that work. Bystander support will then mean that robots can accomplish what they are programmed to accomplish — whether that is calming down customers, or redirecting attention, or marketing products or isolating competitors. Or selling propaganda and manipulating opinions.
It would be naive to think that AI corporations will not make us guinea pigs in their experiments with developing human empathy for robots. (Humans are already guinea pigs in experiments being run by the manufacturers of self-driving cars.) The robots will not shed tears, but may use various strategies to make the other (human) side appear overtly emotional and irrational. This may also include deliberately infuriating the other side. Humans will become unwitting participants in an apparatus increasingly controlled by AI with the capacity to manipulate empathy. And suddenly we will have empathy with robots and find ourselves taking their sides against fellow human beings.
When people imagine empathy by machines, they often think about selfless robot-nurses and robot suicide helplines, or perhaps also robot sex. In all of these, machines seem to be in the service of the human. However, the hidden aspects of robot empathy are the commercial interests that will drive its development. Whose interests will dominate when learning machines can outwit not only their customers but also their owners?
Kevin "RotterdaM" van der Kooi (Dutch: ['kɛvIn vɑn dɛʁ ko:i]) is a StarCraft II player and caster from the Netherlands currently playing for Team QLASH.
Overview [ edit ]
RotterdaM was formerly a Warcraft III professional gamer & commentator and later a captain of a professional Heroes of Newerth team before switching to playing StarCraft II. RotterdaM later stopped competing professionally and instead put his talents towards becoming a successful analytical commentator. While he does not play professionally he practices often in order to keep up his knowledge of the game.
In Beta [ edit ]
Rotterdam started playing the beta shortly after the release of the first beta keys. He was at this time competing professionally in Heroes of Newerth. He eventually decided he wanted to switch to StarCraft II full-time and joined Dutch professional gaming team Serious Gaming alongside NaNiwa.
Wings of Liberty [ edit ]
In November 2010, Rotterdam announced that he had begun working for Turtle Entertainment (ESL TV) as their main English StarCraft II commentator. He moved to Cologne, Germany[2] and began commentating tournaments broadcasted by ESL TV, like the Go4SC2 bi-weekly cup and IEM. He moved in with British progamer DeMusliM, who had moved to Cologne to participate in another ESL run tournament, EPS, and be closer to the unofficial European hub of esports. DeMusliM became a frequent co-caster with RotterdaM which led to the show "All Eyes on DeMusliM" [3] charting the return of the "Devil Terran" after his absence, due to injury, from the eSports scene. RotterdaM also began the show "Rotterdam University".[4] This educational show was an attempt to teach ESL product manager Carmac how to play StarCraft II. Later DeMusliM announced his decision to move to America and to move in to the EG Lair. This inspired ESL to begin searching for a new, permanent, co-caster for RotterdaM.
This long-term casting partner was found in MrBitter. ESL then announced a trio of new shows that the duo would host: "The grass is always greener",[5] "Map of the Month"[6] and a continuation of MrBitter's old program "12 weeks with the pros",[7] the last of which never came to fruition. The partnership seemed to do only good things for the casters as they were invited to more tournaments within Europe and even in the US. "BitterdaM", as they were now known, known as cast all of the high profile IEM events in the 2011 season together as well as the European Blizzard Invitational and Lone Star Clash. As their popularity increased and they became a more cohesive duo this lead to concerns, voiced by Carmac, that they would inevitably find a better opportunity for work outside of the ESL.[Citation needed]
In March 2012, it was announced that he and MrBitter would be leaving Turtle Entertainment (ESL TV).[8] Shortly after, NASL announced that RotterdaM and MrBitter would be joining the casting crew for NASL Season 3.[9] Apart from casting the NASL tournaments, RotterdaM hosted a show called "Euro update" in which he continued to cover the recent news from the European StarCraft II scene for overseas viewers.[10]
On Real Talk, 2GD mentioned that initially RotterdaM was unwilling to leave ESL TV when MrBitter was going to leave for NASL. MrBitter persuaded NASL to put more effort into getting RotterdaM as without him it would not be the big announcement NASL could have had. 2GD mentioned that RotterdaM left ESL TV on good terms.[11]
On May 10, 2012, RotterdaM confirmed that he would participate in the open bracket of the 2012 MLG Spring Championship as a player.[12]
On April 26, 2012, Serious Gaming disbanded its StarCraft II team[13] and RotterdaM was left teamless. On May 18, CatZ announced that RotterdaM had joined ROOT Gaming, not as a caster, but as a player. With his move from Europe to North America, RotterdaM prioritised his casting career but was looking for a team to quench his competitive nature. RotterdaM sought to be an asset for the team, in particular in the team league region. He also began to regularly stream his practice games.[14]
Heart of the Swarm [ edit ]
As a player he has periods in which he played a lot. He is known for always streaming while playing and being very interactive with his chat and fans. He even reached the level of Grandmaster a few times on the NA server as well as Master on the korean server. Confirming that he is a formidable player. He is especially known for his micro and disgusting protoss strategies. Like the 'Rotti-build', which is basically the tempest rush/contain against terran. Some of his fans claim that the 'disgusting' styles are a tribute to his insight in the game, being able to see inbalances, timings and abuse these. This also seen in his pvz where he uses a combo of dark templars and phoenixes. His achilles' heel seems to be late macro games as he tries to avoid these and focuses on timings and (semi) cheeses.
Legacy of the Void [ edit ]
In the end of 2015, he was invited to participate in HomeStory Cup XII. The dutch protoss did not advance out of the first group stage, but he took a map of HeRoMaRinE, who got out of the group in first place.
He left ROOT Gaming in January 2017.[ Inside source ]
He frequently places in GM. As of January 3rd 2019 RotterdaM achieved 6235 MMR on stream, usually floating between 5800 and 6100.
In November 2018 he joined Team QLASH.
Achievements [ edit ]
Team Achievements
Trivia [ edit ]
He is a fan of the Korean Protoss player Rain. [15]
Frequently streams ladder, playing protoss and random.
Is known for his love of Monster Energy Ultra.
Interviews [ edit ]
2014 [ edit ]
2013 [ edit ]
2012 [ edit ]
Gallery [ edit ]
In which we re-watch all of Twin Peaks and spout spurious nonsense about it.
Listen to this week's Spotify playlist.
So what's the first thing that we see in this series full of iconic images? Without checking you'd probably think of Laura lying on the beach and a shell-shocked Pete Martell, but as with everything in Twin Peaks; it's a lot more complicated than that. The first image we see is two black onyx statues followed by the bright red splash of Josie Packard's lips.
Black and red. This whole episode is slaked in them. After Jack Nance speaks the line that launched a thousand fanzines, the next half hour is all about Officer Harry S. Truman spreading the news of Laura's death and a trail of red precedes him – Pete's initial call is transferred to “the table by the red chair… the black phone” – and then we're chasing the information around town, always one step ahead of the massive cast this episode has to introduce to us.
Because we know what the characters don't, all of their interactions are tainted for us with that knowledge – Laura's mother's harassed shouting (and our first view of that corridor…), her call to the Briggs' in their bright red kitchen, then to the school changing rooms with red walls and red football uniforms. Finally she calls Leyland on a slick black telephone and even as he tries to assuage her fear we see the police car pull into shot, Leyland's face tear and Sarah's primal, guttural scream. So subtle, beautiful and traumatic.
We follow the bad news travelling fast around the rest of the cast – Bobby (Dana Ashbrook taking the heightened soap opera acting and running with it) and Shelley, Donna (in red), Audrey Horne (changing her black and white loafers for a pair of shiny red heels), James Hurley every inch the 1950's rebel. Finally the principal's announcement echoes down the empty school hall and we focus on Laura's photo in the trophy cabinet, both framed in red. The same photo takes us to her parent's house where her face is en every frame of her mother's suffering.
The discovery of Ronette Paulaski (over state lines) brings our immaculate, cake loving, coffee connoisseur Agent Dale Cooper. Coop is the embodiment of all that is good and right at this point (Dr. Jacoby Freudian slips ‘Gary Cooper') and we'll follow a lot of the story through him. He gently takes charge of the case from the local police who are very obviously no equipped to deal with this – we're given the impression that murder is unheard of in this seemingly perfect little town, although there are a few hints to the contrary (“is this going to happen every time” Harry asks Andy). The rest of the episode is Coop teasing out the beginnings of the investigation.
And what beginnings – Laura's Diary with the safe deposit key, a videotape taken my a mysterious biker, ‘nervous about meeting ‘J”, the half heart locket, Ronnete's words “don't go there”, the blackened railway carriage and those words. Fire Walk With Me…
Our teenage heroes Donna and James break their curfew to play investigators – what do they know that they're not telling the police? Funnily, it seems that everything the police do know is wrong – “as far as we know” Ronette and Laura barely knew each other, it is “impossible” that Laura would have been in possession on a bag of cocaine “Mister Cooper, you didn't know Laura”. Did anyone?
An exposition-heavy hour and a half with a massive cast to introduce then, full of iconic images, great soundtracking and fantastic performances. What a way to start our journey… WOOF! WOOF! WOOF!
Unsorted observations:
There's a strong post-modernist bent to a lot of it. Coop points out that we don't know who filmed Donna & Laura's picnic, making us aware of our own camera.
There are a lot of empty corridors- the school halls, the hospital and the morgue, and the hallway in the Palmer's house. Always framed in the same way, always with a sense of menace; very reminiscent of Kubrick's love of fixed focus.
Duality is a recurring theme as well; Ronette's disappearance takes us to the sawmill which we saw meditatively in the opening credits now a grinding, sparking behemoth, or contrast Leyland's respectful barely touching of Laura in the morgue with Coop wading in with the tweezers.
“What is so difficult to understand about this?”, Mike asks Donna – Death is always hard to understand.
Donna has a stuffed bird in a cage in her room.
Laura's face dominates the episode – her picture is everywhere. The close focus on her eye just exaggerates it.
“I am holding in my hand a small box of chocolate bunnies…”
Next week – Agent Cooper finds a great cup of coffee, and the world's worst cup in the same day.
Join The Great Twin Peaks Re-Watch here.
Advertisements
Blog Archive December 2014 (1) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (1) February 2012 (1) October 2011 (1) September 2011 (1) February 2011 (4) January 2011 (1) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (1) October 2010 (1) September 2010 (1) August 2010 (4) July 2010 (4) May 2010 (1) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (3) February 2010 (3) January 2010 (3) December 2009 (2) November 2009 (4) October 2009 (1) September 2009 (4) August 2009 (2) May 2009 (1) April 2009 (1) February 2009 (2) December 2008 (1) October 2008 (1) September 2008 (1) August 2008 (1) July 2008 (1) June 2008 (1) May 2008 (1) April 2008 (4) March 2008 (2) February 2008 (4) January 2008 (4) December 2007 (6) November 2007 (2) October 2007 (3) September 2007 (7) August 2007 (6) June 2007 (3) May 2007 (1) February 2007 (1) January 2007 (2) December 2006 (1) October 2006 (1) June 2006 (1) May 2006 (3) March 2006 (1) February 2006 (2) May 2005 (1)
This is a mounting bracket for the DJI CrystalSky display. It was originally designed for this console but might be useful in other mounting situations as well. The Fusion360 files are on github.
In addition to the print you need two M5 screws to mount the display. I have included two printable thumbscrew heads. One for a hex and one for a cylinderhead screw.
I use a cylinderhead screw, file down the head to form two parallel flats. This prevents the screw from rotating in the plastic part. The optimal width to file to is 5.5mm
The bracket has recesses for rubber pads. You can either print these with TPU or cut them from 1mm rubber sheet as I did.
Apart from that you only need 2-3 M3 screws to mount the bracket to the console.
There are two versions of the bracket in the download. The only difference is that one has thinner walls. This one should be plenty strong enough as well. It is optimised to be printed with a 0,4mm nozzle with at least 4 walls/shells.
Happy Printing.
‘Well, speaking of ingesting experimental chemicals, what are you doing this weekend?' An effective development of the found footage horror movie, this low-budget exercise in mindwarping opens with documentary clips (including President Clinton apologising for the CIA's MK-ULTRA program of unethical drugs experiments of the 1960s) and to-camera chat from would-be novelist James Hirsch (Michael McMillian) and his longtime friend, journalist Anne Roland (Katia Winter).
A solidly unsettling little picture with good performances.
James is filmed as he takes the strain of drug used in the old experiments as part of a writing project. This goes wrong, with a glimpse of James's distorted face, and he disappears, leaving his photographer Renny Seegan (Alex Gianopoulos) unable to answer police questions in a black and white videotaped interview.
Renny disappears mysteriously too and Anne feels obligated to investigate, declaring this her final collaboration with James … gradually, as the film progresses, writer-director Blair Erickson abandons the found footage conceit, keeping up hand-held camerawork and minimally-lit creepiness, but bringing in a more conventional filmmaking style, including background music, proper editing and measured performances.
Learning that James, like others who've disappeared after taking the drug, claim that they got the stuff from ‘friends in Colorado', Anne makes a connection with burnout counterculture novelist Thomas Blackburn (Ted Levine), who once published a novel called Friends In Colorado.
Anne approaches the prickly Blackburn, offering to take the drug with him, and he introduces her to chemist Callie (Jennie Gabrielle), who has the original recipe — which involves chemicals harvested from human brains. Callie is affected badly, ranting ‘they want to wear us' and distorting like James, and Anne and Blackburn, who may or may not be tripping, locate first her laboratory and then the original MK-ULTRA site in the desert.
Probing monster-haunted unethical military science facilities is one of this year's things – the film premiered at the UK's FrightFest genre festival, and three other films there (Frankenstein's Army, The Dyatlov Pass Incident, Outpost III Rise Of The Spetsnaz) go this route – but this has a wider frame of reference than Nazi zombies and paranormal paperbacks, with Blackburn citing HP Lovecraft's From Beyond as a revelatory text, making this a tardy gloss on Stuart Gordon's 1985 film of that short story.
It is suggested that the drug makes human brains beacons for extra-dimensional hostile entities which can move in and take over, and a flurry of revelations near the climax bring Anne and James back together (for a pretty good scare) and indicate that many of the film's characters have been involved in this for longer than they think and can remember.
A solidly unsettling little picture with good performances from veteran Levine as a fleshed-out Ken Kesey-cum-Philip Dick-cum-Robert Anton Wilson character and Winter as the driven, unusual heroine. It does have a lot of the usual found footage wandering, but stages its scary moments very well – with one great jump moment. The fact that Zachary Quinto (Mr Spock in the new Star Trek franchise) is amongst the producers will help marketing and attention.
Most asset classes in the Western world are potentially overbought meaning that potential bubbles exist in certain markets, Deutsche Bank boss John Cryan warned.
Pointing out that volatility today is "remarkably cheap", the chief executive officer (CEO) of Germany's largest lender noted that this is despite a flare-up or continuation of tensions in several parts of the globe in recent months and indicates a surprising sanguinity among traders.
So far this year, the tech-heavy Nasdaq index has soared over 18 percent while the S&P 500 and Dow Jones indexes have each moved around 10 percent higher. U.S. bond yields at the 10-year and 30-year maturities have fallen during 2017 (meaning their prices have risen) while gold this week hit a twelve-month high.
"The interesting thing about the markets today is that obviously they pay some regard to these hotspots but they don't seem to be paying too much regard because we see very high asset prices in almost all asset categories," Cryan told an audience on Wednesday at Handelsblatt's annual banking summit in Frankfurt.
Google says pre-sceening the 300 hours of material uploaded each minute would be like vetting a phone call before it is made
The sheer volume of content regularly uploaded to YouTube makes it tough for the video-sharing website to catch all terror-related content, a senior official from its owners told members of the European parliament on Wednesday.
About 300 hours of video material is being uploaded to YouTube every minute, said Google policy manager Verity Harding, who stated: “To pre-screen those videos before they are uploaded would be like screening a phone call before it's made.”
Harding, who was speaking at a gathering of European parliament MEPs from the Alliance for Liberals and Democrats for Europe grouping, said YouTube has very clear policies in place that forbid hate speech, incitement to violence and graphic violence. “So we would and did remove, for example, the horrific Isis beheading videos that we saw recently because of their graphic and inciteful nature,” she said.
However, as with nudity and other types of content, she added there are occasions when the company makes exceptions because of the content of the video.
“For example, many media outlets did show portions of those [beheading] videos. CNN … they showed portions of the video as did many other media sites and therefore we allowed this to stay on the site because it has the appropriate news, documentary context around it. So context is very key here. This did not have the graphic moment in it but it was a clip of the video.”
Harding said YouTube had mechanisms in place to allow users to flag videos that were prohibited by its guidelines and had moved to introduce a specific “promotes terrorism flag”.
“After a video is flagged it is reviewed by our enforcement team. That is staffed 24 hours a day, seven days a week. A human always reviews every video because it's not a decision a computer can make.”
In her presentation, she told MEPs: “We don't actively pre-screen for content. We have 300 hours of content uploaded every minute, and to pre-screen those videos before they are uploaded would be like screening a phonecall before it was made. It wouldn't allow YouTube to be this flourishing platform, so instead what we do is rely on our 1 billion-strong community to help us flag violations of our policies.”
While it is a major task to detect all violent, extreme and racist material, Harding said YouTube is receiving assistance. “There are community groups and others who do this on a larger scale and they're incredibly helpful to us,” she said.
Harding was appearing alongside the European Union's counter-terrorism coordinator, who said that he believes it's time to help companies to contain the security risk by having experts from member states flagging terror-related content.
“We have to help them, and refer to them, and signal content,” said Gilles de Kerchove said. “Each member state should have a unit with people trained to do that.”
When a Scotland Yard unit recently told Google about material that did not comply with the company's own guidelines, de Kerchove said 93% of that content was removed. But when individuals flag up problems only a third of it is taken down.
Despite the serious threat posed by extreme and violent videos, neither the big internet companies nor the European Union appear willing to take on a legal battle to enforce their removal.
“We can contemplate legislation but I suspect it would be an awfully monumental exercise,” de Kerchove said.
A YouTube spokesman said: “YouTube has clear policies that prohibit content like gratuitous violence, hate speech and incitement to commit violent acts, and we remove videos violating these policies when flagged by our users.”
The largest object in the asteroid belt just got more attractive: Scientists have confirmed signs of water on the dwarf planet Ceres, one of the few bodies in the solar system to hold that distinction.
Peering through the Herschel Space Observatory, a team led by the European Space Agency detected water plumes spewing from two regions on Ceres.
The observations, published in Thursday's issue of Nature, come as NASA's Dawn spacecraft is set to arrive at the Texas-sized dwarf planet next year.
It's long been suspected that Ceres is water-rich, but previous detections have been inconclusive. This is the first definitive evidence of water on Ceres and confirms that it has an icy surface, said lead author Michael Kuppers of the European Space Agency.
"It makes Ceres a more exciting target" for exploration, he said.
The latest finding puts Ceres in a special class of solar system objects with active plumes of water, a key ingredient for life. The company includes Jupiter's moon Europa -- where an underground ocean is believed to exist -- and the Saturn moon Enceladus, where jets have been seen venting from the surface.
The source of the water plumes is still unclear. Scientists think there may be a layer of ice just below the surface that gets heated by the sun or the plumes could be spewed by ice volcanoes.
Dawn won't be in the best position to witness any water activity since it'll arrive at a time when Ceres is far from the sun. But the spacecraft carries instruments that can detect water and it will map the dwarf planet in detail, said Dawn deputy project scientist Carol Raymond, who had no role in the research.
Launched in 2007 and powered by ion propulsion, Dawn is the first spacecraft to orbit two space rocks.
Ceres is different from Dawn's first target, Vesta, the second largest object in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter. The zone is littered with rocks left over from the formation of the solar system 4.6 billion years ago, allowing scientists to study how Earth and the other planets evolved.
Unlike Ceres, Vesta is dry and rugged. Its scars reveal it got whacked twice by smaller asteroids. Some of the debris was cast into space and rained on Earth as meteorites.
JERUSALEM (Reuters) - Benjamin Netanyahu has been unrelenting in his criticism of the Obama administration over what he condemned as its “shameful” decision not to veto a U.N. Security Council resolution calling for a halt to Israeli settlement-building.
U.S. President Barack Obama meets with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in New York September 21, 2016. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque
But with the clock ticking down on Barack Obama's presidency, a possibly more amenable Republican Donald Trump due to succeed him on Jan. 20 and a $38 billion U.S. military aid package to Israel a done deal, it's all a calculated risk for the four-term, right-wing Israeli prime minister.
Netanyahu, after what critics are calling a stinging defeat on the international stage, is already maneuvering to mine deep-seated feelings among many Israelis that their country and its policies toward the Palestinians are overly criticized in a world where deadlier conflicts rage.
He has tried to rally Israelis around him by portraying the anti-settlement resolution as a challenge to Israel's claimed sovereignty over all of Jerusalem.
That was hammered home with an unscheduled Hanukkah holiday visit to the Western Wall, one of Judaism's holiest sites, which is located in Jerusalem's Old City in the eastern sector captured along with the West Bank in a 1967 war.
That all of Jerusalem is their country's capital is a consensus view among Israelis, including those who otherwise have doubts about the wisdom of Netanyahu's support for settlements on the West Bank.
Palestinians claim eastern Jerusalem as their capital, and Washington has in the past accepted an international view that the city's status must be determined at future peace talks. Trump has promised to reverse decades of U.S. policy by moving the U.S. embassy to Jerusalem from Tel Aviv.
“I did not plan to be here this evening but in light of the U.N. resolution I thought that there was no better place to light the second Hanukkah candle than the Western Wall,” Netanyahu said during the event.
“I ask those same countries that wish us a Happy Hanukkah how they could vote for a U.N. resolution which says that this place, in which we are now celebrating Hanukkah, is occupied territory?”
Some 570,000 Israelis live in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, which Palestinians want as part of a future state.
At the weekly cabinet meeting on Sunday, Netanyahu brushed aside a White House denial and again accused the Obama administration of colluding with the Palestinians in the U.N. move against the settlements, which are considered illegal by most countries and described as illegitimate by Washington.
Disputing this, Israel cites biblical, historical and political links to the West Bank and Jerusalem, as well as security concerns.
Also on Sunday, an Israeli official said Netanyahu had ordered that until Trump takes office, cabinet ministers refrain from traveling to or meeting officials of countries that voted in favor of the U.N. resolution.
Speaking on MSNBC on Monday, Israel's ambassador to Washington, Ron Dermer, accused the Obama administration of orchestrating Friday's U.N. vote behind the scenes, despite U.S. denials.
The diplomatic drama unfolded over the Christmas holiday, with twists and turns unusual even for the serpentine path followed by Netanyahu's relationship with a Democratic president who opposes settlement building.
On Thursday, Netanyahu successfully lobbied Egypt, which proposed the draft resolution, to withdraw it - enlisting the help of President-elect Trump to persuade Cairo to drop the bid.
But the Israeli leader was ultimately outmaneuvered at the United Nations, where New Zealand, Venezuela, Senegal and Malaysia, resubmitted the proposal a day later.
It passed 14-0, with an abstention from the United States, withholding Washington's traditional use of its veto to protect Israel at the world body in what was widely seen as a parting shot by Obama against Netanyahu and his settlement policy.
ACCELERATED CONSTRUCTION
A U.S. official said key to Washington's decision was concern that Israel would continue to accelerate settlement construction in occupied territory and put a two-state solution of the conflict with the Palestinians at risk.
The resolution adopted on Friday at the U.N. changes nothing on the ground between Israel and the Palestinians and likely will be all but ignored by the incoming Trump administration.
However, Israeli officials fear it could spur further Palestinian moves against Israel in international forums.
“The Obama administration made a shameful, underhanded move,” Netanyahu said after the vote. It was some of the sharpest criticism he has voiced against Obama, who got off on the wrong foot with Israelis when he skipped their country during a Middle East visit after first taking office in 2009.
In a further display of anger, Netanyahu summoned the U.S. ambassador to meet him during a day of reprimands delivered at the Foreign Ministry to envoys of the 10 countries with embassies in Israel among the 14 that backed the resolution.
Netanyahu, who is vying with the ultranationalist Jewish Home Party in his governing coalition for right-wing voters, also took aim at what has become a favorite target - an Israeli media he has been painting as left-wing and unpatriotic.
“Leftist political parties and TV commentators have been rubbing their hands in glee over the anti-Israeli decision at the United Nations, almost like the Palestinian Authority and Hamas,” Netanyahu wrote on his Facebook page.
But more trouble for the Israeli leader could be ahead at a planned 70-nation, French-hosted conference on Middle East peace due to convene in Paris on Jan. 15, five days before Obama hands over to Trump.
“(Netanyahu) fears there is a U.S.-French move brewing before January 20th, possibly a declarative step at the French peace convention,” said an Israeli official who attended an Israeli security cabinet session on Sunday.
Today, the celebration of Easter includes children running around a grassy field in search of decorative pastel eggs, marshmallows in the shape of baby chickens and plenty of anthropomorphized rabbits. Although the exact origin of the holiday and its traditions remain relatively unknown and have probably been observed since the second century or earlier by Christians as Resurrection Sunday, many claim that the celebration of Easter stems from pagan tradition. Some have attributed the origins of Easter to the Assyrian and Babylonian goddess of fertility and sex, Ishtar, but that claim possesses little supporting evidence.
However, the belief in Easter's pagan roots most likely originates from St. Bede the Venerable, an Anglo-Saxon monk in the the 7th and 8th centuries who recorded multiple chronologies of the early conversions of the Anglo-Saxon tribes in Europe — two of which especially focused on the reckoning of Easter. In his lengthy treatise, “De Temporum Ratione,” or “On the Reckoning of Time,” he wrote of an old English celebratory festival held during the month of Eosturmonath. This celebrated the goddess of spring and fertility, Eostre, who would consort with a hare. Many people believe this was the beginning of the Easter bunny in the modern celebration of the holiday, but little other evidence exists to implicate this as the true origin of the Easter celebration. Rather, other European traditions may have had a much greater influence on contemporary Christian observances of the holiday. For example, the people who lived in the geographic area known today as Germany, also had a similar goddess known as Eastre. Although people have associated rabbits with spring, fertility and Easter, the Germans of the 17th century most likely brought that belief to the Americas during their immigration.
Unlike the rabbits, the association of eggs with Easter has its roots in early Christian practices around the holiday. Eggs were used as a common object of abstinence for lent, so in the days before Easter, many Christians would abstain from eating eggs in their food, so on Easter Sunday, they ate eggs as a treat in their baked goods and other foods. Eggs became a part of the celebration and reminder involved with the resurrection of Christ. Aside from the association of eggs with lent, later on in Russia in the late 19th century, decorative, jewel-encrusted eggs became a common gift on Easter for those of high society and royalty. Czar Alexander III, for example, commissioned Peter Carl Faberge to craft a jeweled egg for his wife, what we now call Faberge eggs.
Today, many Christians in the United States celebrate Resurrection Sunday with the typical customs of the Easter Bunny and decorative eggs, not as the previously pagan spring festivals, but rather to celebrate the new life and joy we have in salvation through Christ's resurrection on that day. Let us not get lost in the candy and tradition, or become distracted by arguments of its origin, but let us come together, united in Christ and let our traditions remind us of his great work and great love for us.
There is some good news coming in from Palo Alto, California, as Elon Musk, CEO, Tesla , has confirmed on social media that the new age electric vehicle making company will finally come to India this summer. We had earlier reported , that Tesla is looking to set-up their plant in India and will bring with it, its electric sedans, roadsters and SUVs to India by 2017.
ALSO READ: Tesla unveils electric car Model 3, to make it available in India
Musk confirmed on Twitter to a query by Ishan Goel, who asked the CEO's plan to launch Tesla in India. To which, Musk replied " Hoping for summer this year".
@goel_ishan Hoping for summer this year Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 7, 2017
In July last year, Union Minister Nitin Gadkari urged the US-based electric car major Tesla to make India its Asia manufacturing hub and also offered it land near major Indian ports to facilitate exports to South and South East Asian countries. Road Transport and Highways Minister Gadkari visited the Tesla factory near San Francisco last year and offered to promote joint ventures between the firm and Indian automobile companies with a view to introducing pollution-free road transport in India, especially commercial and public motor vehicles.
ALSO READ: Elon Musk says Tesla's Model 3 is coming to India
Gadkari said, "He proposed to the Tesla senior executives to make India their Asia manufacturing hub and offered land near major Indian ports to facilitate export of their vehicles to South and South East Asian countries."
ALSO READ: Tesla reveals the all-electric Model 3, deliveries to begin in 2017
On April 1, 2016, Tesla founder Elon Musk said that the brand is going to be releasing its electric cars in India. Musk tweeted that the incoming Model 3 will be launched in new markets including India, Brazil, South Africa, South Korea, New Zealand, Singapore and Ireland.
Adding several more countries to Model 3 order page tonight. Check for details, but will include India, Brazil, SA, SK, NZ, Sing & Ireland. Elon Musk (@elonmusk) March 31, 2016
The Model 3 will be Tesla's most affordable electric car at $35,000 (Rs 23 lakh approx) and its deliveries will start at the end of 2017. The car is said to reach a speed of 60 miles per hour in just 6 seconds. The car will have a range of 346 km on a single charge, and there will be versions of the cars which have an even better range.
ALSO READ: New Hyundai Grand i10 vs Old Hyundai Grand i10
The Tesla Model S and Tesla Model X are luxury vehicles through and through as they cost $100,000 in the US. The Model 3 is still an expensive vehicle by Indian standards - but it is also one-third the price of Tesla's other cars.
Tesla's entry in India also comes after Prime Minister Modi met with Elon Musk last September during his Silicon Valley tour. During the visit Musk gave Modi a tour of the Tesla factory and said that he would bring the Tesla Powerball to India, which is a solar powered battery that the company sells in the US, which can theoretically take a household off the grid and make it autonomous.
ALSO READ: Hyundai Grand i10 facelift launched in India at Rs 4.58 lakh
SEE PICS: Tesla could get these electric cars to India
With 1,000 units set to go on sale later this month, Japanese telecom giant SoftBank has high hopes for its domestic robot, Pepper. If the company wants to achieve its dream of a Pepper in every home, however, numerous ethical issues must be considered and overcome, one of which being the thorny matter of owners who attempt to treat their little robot like an altogether different kind of helping hand.
It seems that SoftBank is already trying to keep ahead of the curve, however, by clearly stating in its documentation for Pepper that sexual acts with the cheery robot are strictly prohibited.
Pepper is designed with artificial intelligence to make it the perfect household companion by reading you emotions and providing the appropriate small talk and/or encouragement when needed. Our own Mr. Sato previously had a chat with one but found Pepper to be a little too banal for his tastes, mainly asking about his preferred means of transportation as opposed to his passion for adventure and dressing like a gyaru. Nevertheless, here is a short film about what SoftBank is hard-banking on the future being like.
Orders and information for the robots can be accessed on the SoftBank website along with a mountain of documentation for the various packages available. Some curious customers took it upon themselves to study up on the terms and conditions of using Pepper before taking the plunge, with one making a shocking discovery.
The full page outlines a handful of things that using Pepper for would violate your contract. Many of the items seem like common sense—you can't ask Pepper to send out spam emails, or ask it to beat someone up for you, for example. But point number 4 stood out even before someone highlighted it.
“(4) Acts for the purpose of sexual or indecent behavior, or for the purpose of associating with unacquainted persons of the opposite sex.”
Many interpreted that as legalese for “Don't try to hump Pepper!” and took to Twitter to voice their surprise.
“Sex with Pepper… lol”
“I wonder if Pepper's good in bed.”
“Mating with Pepper could result in a future race of super people!”
However, the clause doesn't directly state that having intercourse with Pepper itself was a violation. Others took this to mean that users are free to do as they please with Pepper, but they can't use the little robot to cruise for casual hook-ups with guys or girls you've just met. Unless, that is, they're a member of the same sex.
“So this is saying getting sex with Pepper is bad, but not having sex with Pepper?”
“Well hell, if you can't use Pepper to get some, might settle for Pepper.”
It went on from there with others speculating that it meant you're not allowed to use Pepper as a sex toy, or to promote adult entertainment. Whatever the true limitation for use, it's likely the SoftBank kept the wording intentionally vague, and rightfully so; who knows what creative depths a robosexual mind is capable of?
It's good that SoftBank is covering their bases with this warning since I think we can all agree that as Peppers get shipped out, someone, somewhere, is going to try to get off with one. After all, humans are curious animals and always in search of pleasure. At least that's what I kept telling my wife while was she uninstalling our central vacuum system.
Source: Togetter, Web R25, Twitter/@shao1555, SoftBank (Japanese)
Video & Top Image: YouTube/SoftBank
The dramamine ride aboard the BTC rollercoaster continues. After crossing $200 yesterday and hitting $260 this morning, Bitcoin has since tumbled to $200, or a 25% drop in hours, on surprisingly light volume. Only adults should be on board this particular rollercoaster because if the mysterious buyer(s) decide to offload their amassed positions, there will be no stops protecting on the downside. As usual, and as we warned earlier today when BTC hit its record high, "those who absolutely must chase this runaway chart should not "invest" one penny more than they are comfortable losing." In fact, at this point it is perhaps only the most habitual of momentum chasing gamblers that should be involved in the name, especially if shorting BTC is indeed as reported earlier, about to become a possibility.
And some amusing insights into the virtual currency from dpa-AFX' Scott Solano, including a "technical" perspective:
Less able to achieve their life goals, women end up unhappier than men later in life – even though they start out happier, reveals new research by Anke Plagnol of the University of Cambridge, and University of Southern California economist Richard Easterlin.
Plagnol and Easterlin's study, forthcoming in the Journal of Happiness Studies, is the first to use nationally representative data spanning several decades to examine the role of unfulfilled desires in a person's sense of well-being.
As the researchers explain, expectations of success may vary among those raised in different generations (i.e., an economic depression). Data sets from a range of time periods may also have different demographic compositions.
In their analysis, the researchers control for birth cohort and demographic characteristics such as race and education. They find that women are, on average, happier than men in early adulthood – but the glow wears off with time. Specifically, after the age of 48, men's overall happiness exceeds women's happiness.
These gender patterns of overall happiness correlate to patterns in two significant aspects of life satisfaction: family and finances.
As Plagnol explains: In later life it is "men [who] come closer to fulfilling their aspirations, are more satisfied with their family lives and financial situations, and are the happier of the two."
Women and men have fairly similar life goals when it comes to love, the study reveals. Nine out of 10 people of both genders reach adult life wanting a happy marriage.
"Differences between men and women in aspirations for marriage and children are fairly small," says Plagnol, who received her Ph.D. from USC in 2007. "Gender differences in satisfaction depend largely on attainment."
The saddest period of the average man's life – his 20s – is also the period when he is most likely to be single.
Young men are also more dissatisfied than young women with their financial situations, not because they are worse off, but because they want more and therefore experience a greater "shortfall," the researchers explain.
But age alters many things, including men's money woes and lackluster love lives.
After 34, men are more likely to be married than women, and the gap only widens with age, mirroring men's growing satisfaction with family life.
Men also become more satisfied with their financial situations over time, as reflected in their increased spending power. The researchers found that men tend to covet big-ticket items that might not be within reach until later in life, such as a car or vacation home.
(A notable exception: women want more "nice clothes" than men, the researchers found.)
These findings are consistent with an earlier study by Easterlin showing that recent generations are less satisfied than previous generations, despite having more.
"Of course, one doesn't have to be married to be happy, but if that's something you really want – and it is for most people – then the failure to attain it can have an impact on your overall happiness," Plagnol says, adding that those in a relationship also tend to be in a stronger financial position than those who must depend solely on their own resources.
Some age milestones:
41: Age at which men's financial satisfaction exceeds women's financial satisfaction
48: Age at which men's overall happiness exceeds women's overall happiness
64: Age at which men's satisfaction with family life exceeds women's satisfaction
Plagnol, Anke C. and Richard A. Easterlin, "Aspirations, Attainments, and Satisfaction: Life Cycle Differences Between American Women and Men." Journal of Happiness Studies; DOI: 10.1007/s10902-008-9106-5.
Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper. (Denver Post file)
A federal judge in Colorado on Wednesday dismissed part of a lawsuit filed against Gov. John Hickenlooper and the state challenging the legality of new gun-control measures.
In addition, U.S. District Judge Marcia Krieger ruled that the 55 sheriffs who were a part of the lawsuit cannot sue the state in their official capacity.
They can still join the suit as individual citizens.
The other 21 plaintiffs do have standing, and most of the case, which argues that universal background checks and a ban on ammunition magazines that hold more than 15 rounds violate the Second Amendment, will proceed.
Krieger dismissed the claim that the state legal language dealing with readily converted gun magazines — those with removable base plates, allowing for additional rounds to be added via an extender — is "unconstitutionally vague."
Krieger said that Technical Guidance letters issued by the state Attorney General's Office after the magazine-limit law passed, outlining the interpretation of the "designed to be readily converted" component of the mag-ban measure, sufficiently addressed that issue.
In the finding, Krieger wrote that magazines with removable base plates — which most possess — "are not considered to be 'designed to be readily converted' into large-capacity magazines for purposes of enforcement of the statute."
Advertisement
Krieger did not dismiss the claim concerning the law's approach to "continuous possession" of magazines that hold more than 15 rounds.
Under the new law, ownership of magazines that hold more than 15 rounds are grandfathered in for those who owned them before the law changed in July.
One of the complainants, a retired police officer, argued that, because of the law's vague language, he could not lend family members his magazines that housed more than 15 rounds.
In the finding, Krieger stated the officer's "intended conduct of 'lending' his large-capacity magazines to family members subjects him to a credible threat of criminal prosecution," which is not necessarily addressed in the Technical Guidance letters.
He was a courting lover who ended up with a criminal conviction after saying on Twitter he would blow an airport "sky high" if it wasn't reopened to let him fly to see his new girlfriend in Northern Ireland.
Paul Chambers, a 27-year old trainee accountant from South Yorkshire, today launched a fightback against what is thought to be the UK's first criminal conviction for the content of a tweet on the microblogging site.
He landed a £1,000 fine after the snow closed Robin Hood airport near Doncaster in January as he planned a trip to see "Crazycolours," a Northern Irish girl he had just met online, and he tweeted to his 690 followers: "Crap! Robin Hood airport is closed. You've got a week and a bit to get your shit together otherwise I'm blowing the airport sky high!!"
A week later, he was arrested at work by five police officers, questioned for eight hours, had his computers and phones seized and was subsequently charged and convicted of causing a "menace" under the Communications Act 2003.
In an appeal at Doncaster crown court, his barrister, Stephen Ferguson, said Chambers had been merely engaging in "banter and craic" and that far from having menacing intent, his message was "a jest, a joke, a parody".
In an extraordinary day's evidence the court heard arguments ranging from the fundamental right to the freedom of expression, to the emerging nuances of Twitter etiquette and an often painstaking exposition of the basics of social networking for the two magistrates and Judge Jacqueline Davies who were presiding.
At one point the defence even appeared to ask the court if the criminal justice system would treat Sir John Betjeman in the same way as Chambers if it was considering his most famous verse. "Part of the importance of this case is that if this tweet is somehow of menacing character, so would countless others from the playground to Twitter users across society, day by day," said Ferguson. "To misquote Betjeman: 'Come friendly bombs drop on Slough.' The point is an obvious one."
The defence applied to the judge to rule out the prosecution case that the tweet was "menacing" on the grounds it had not been sufficiently proved and there was no intent on Chambers' part to cause menace. Throughout proceedings, Chambers sat largely expressionless behind toughened glass panels with a security guard beside him, only wincing slightly at the the continual repetition of his offending tweet. He nodded when Ferguson told the judge simply: "The intention was innocent."
On the other side of a glass barrier in the public gallery sat Crazycolours, the pseudonym of the Northern Irish woman who only gave her name as Sarah, with whom he had been planning to meet. "Young love did spring from these tweets and he is now living in the same country as Crazycolours," the court was told.
Fresh evidence emerged which was not heard at the previous trial that the police noted after Chambers was bailed "there is no evidence at this stage this is anything other than a foolish comment posted on Twitter for only his close friends to see". But the crown said the conviction should stand and presented evidence that Chambers had sent direct messages to Crazycolours apparently on the terrorist theme.
Caroline Wiggin, for the prosecution, said Chambers had earlier sent direct messages to the woman in Northern Ireland as it appeared possible that the airport might close. In one he wrote: "I was thinking if it do I have decided to resort to terrorism." She argued that the context provided by such messages strengthened the case that Chambers intended to cause menace. "If a man in prison were to send a message to his wife that he was going to come and beat her up, the court might consider that were menacing, albeit the man himself may have difficulty in putting it into effect," she said.
Ferguson argued that Chambers's messages were obviously "hyperbolic banter" and served to reinforce the fact that he was joking in the main message which he sent to all his followers about blowing up the airport. "This [message] is obviously facetious," he said. "There are at least three exclamation marks. The first to add to the slightly naughty word 'crap'. The last two to the parody of 'to blow the airport sky high'." The court earlier heard that a senior airport official had "determined [the message] was a non-credible threat" after it had been found by Sean Duffield, an off-duty airport duty manager searching on-line at home. Under cross-examination, Duffield, said the impact after he found Chambers' message was "operationally nothing. It had no impact."
Chambers was not cross-examined, but the court heard extracts of his original police interview. "Looking back it's daft now but that's my kind of humour," Chambers had said. "Not for one second did I think anyone would even look at it. It was just a comment made on the back of the fact that the flight had been grounded." The tweet, Stephen Ferguson pointed out, was made in the context of "a young man and a young woman".
The judge and magistrates retired to consider their ruling and said the case would conclude a later date.
Facebook terrorism
In a case with echoes of Chambers' trial, US standup comedian Joe Lipari also landed in court on terrorism charges following an outburst on Facebook over the state of his iPhone.
He bought the phone a year ago and, after it repeatedly crashed, took it back to the Apple Store in Manhattan. They tweaked it, it crashed again, and the next day he went back to get a replacement. After waiting hours he stormed home with no replacement and, while watching Fight Club, updated his Facebook status in parody of a cherished line from the film: "Joe Lipari might walk into an Apple Store on Fifth Avenue with an Armalite AR-10 gas powered semi-automatic weapon and pump round after round into one of those smug, fruity little concierges."
In no time at all plain clothes police armed with MP5 machine guns were knocking on his door. It didn't help that he had been smoking dope and found the whole scene hilarious, amusement that continued into court, where he was charged with making terrorist threats.
His case is currently adjourned and expected to be dropped.
Maev Kennedy
Get the biggest Middlesbrough FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We should have known what was coming....
Boro left it late yet again but moved one step closer to the Premier League thanks to a brace from Jordan Rhodes at Bolton.
Jonathon Taylor offers five observations from the game.
The inevitable
After Tuesday's win over Reading, I wrote that late goals are no fluke. They're an art - especially when they happen so often.
It was the same old story for Boro at Bolton, and after Jordan Rhodes did equalise, the inevitable was always coming.
Boro swarmed over the Trotters, the balls kept flying into the box from every angle, and it was only a matter of time.
Moments before the winner, Rhodes even saw an audacious overhead kick rattle off the post - and Bolton's defence were like a rabbit in headlights.
Boro have now scored late goals against Hull, Huddersfield and now Bolton in the last six games.
That's six points gained in stoppage time - and that could be the difference between going up and not.
When they have to, Boro seem to be finding a way. It's the first time that Boro have won six consecutive league victories since 1991 - what a time to be equalling club records!
Read more Admirable spirit to turn potential nightmare into huge victory | Digest
Laboured and lethargic
It ended in celebration for Boro, but for the first hour it was pretty tough viewing.
The team laboured against a resolute Bolton team, and looked lethargic.
That's not to say Boro didn't create chances - Stewart Downing rattled the crossbar with a stunning effort - but you'd expect that when top of the league meets bottom.
Boro didn't move the ball quick enough, and there seemed to be something missing.
Bolton's goal ultimately proved to be the perfect wake-up, and after that went in, Boro moved up another gear. In the end, it's three points - and at this stage in the season, performances are somewhat irrelevant.
Ramirez provided different dimension
At half-time, the game was crying out for Gaston Ramirez to come on and dictate.
There was plenty of space between the Bolton defence and midfield, and Boro just needed a player in there to take advantage.
It was little surprise to see the Uruguay international come on, and although Bolton did take the lead shortly after, Boro's attacking play had a different dimension.
Ramirez may not have been the star, but he allowed some of his other Boro teammates to shine.
He released the shackles off Jordan Rhodes and co by committing defenders and dropping into space. His contribution to a dramatic late win can't be overlooked.
Streak striker
Jordan Rhodes had chances in the first half to hand Boro the advantage, his best when he peeled off a defender and headed straight at Ben Amos.
That was the warning, and it is fitting that Rhodes was the man who fired Boro to within four games of the Premier League. Many Boro fans will agree that his overall contribution to Boro since his £9m move has been good, but two goals in two months wasn't a great return.
Rhodes got a stroke of luck for his first goal, after his initial header was blocked and then fell perfectly into his path, but that's what happens when you're in the right position.
He has built a career on being in the right place at the right time. He certainly was again for the winner.
History tells you that Rhodes is a streak striker, who can go six without a goal and then fires eight in his next four.
That's an ominous sign for Boro's promotion rivals.
Within touching distance
Brighton may have hit Fulham for five on Friday night, but Boro's ugly win at Bolton had the same reward.
Now with four games to go, Boro are within touching distance of the Premier League.
A mouthwatering promotion showdown with Burnley awaits next - and a win for Karanka's men would be a monumental statement of intent.
It's all to play for - let's enjoy it.
Remember when 3G was such a big deal that Apple named its new iPhone after what was then the new standard in mobile data transmission? The iPhone 3G, introduced in 2008, was the second iteration of the pioneering smartphone, and in a way the name was as much gloating as it was tribute. When cellular data mostly meant sending crude videos and maybe a song over the network, the old standard was good enough. But the radical new potential for connected mobile computing unleashed by the iPhone meant users would go with whichever carrier could move the most data the fastest. Apple forced the telecoms to up their games, and the competition has yet to cease.
Meanwhile, another kind of network has stagnated. Despite the proliferation of mobile payments companies, from startups like Square to a mobile-revamped PayPal, credit cards remain the standard for paying in-person and online. The money may move digitally, at least after the analog swipe of the card, but it's still along the same old networks, a kind of parallel internet built to handle credit cards long before the web, much less the iPhone, existed.
>For all anyone with an iPhone is concerned, the way to pay will be Apple.
But if, as predicted, the next-generation iPhone includes a chip that makes the device scannable at checkout counters, Apple could catalyze a transformation in how money moves that is at least as substantial as the improvements in how data moves that Cupertino forced upon the telecom industry. At first, an iPhone wallet likely would act as a surrogate for credit cards, a way to store the data of multiple cards but using the phone as the way to transfer that data instead of a swipe. But over time, the point of holding onto any of those cards, which become digital abstractions once they're on the phone, likely will fall away. Instead, for all anyone with an iPhone is concerned, the way to pay will be Apple.
A Better Experience
The subject of Apple's unique power to change the way payments work came up in a conversation I had yesterday with the co-founder of Dwolla, a Des Moines, Iowa, startup building an internet-based alternative to the existing credit card network standards with the aim of moving money in real time. Send a dollar, get a dollar, the way the internet works. The five-year-old company counts among its users the state of Iowa, which accepts several kinds of tax payments via Dwolla.
The imperative the iPhone created for telecoms to upgrade their data networks holds a lesson for the leverage Apple has to change the payments landscape, says Dwolla CEO Ben Milne.
>'Apple's already got a great mobile wallet. You use it all the time when you buy something on iTunes.'
"They already have 800 million cards on file," Milne says of Apple. With that kind of heft to back it up, Apple can then rely on its proven design expertise to entice users into its payment world. "They're going to give people a better experience that's arguably, probably more efficient and more simple with hardware they control."
In that world, it's Apple, not the credit card companies, that have the control, even if those iPhone wallets are being used to "store" those credit cards. The credit card becomes abstract, just another option to tap that otherwise stays hidden. Really, you'll be paying with Apple. In a sense, iPhone users already do. "Apple's already got a great mobile wallet in that thing," Milne says. "You use it all the time when you buy something on iTunes."
The Next Logical Step
Once the credit card becomes that hidden (do you remember which one is connected to your iTunes account?), it's only a short logical step to that card being eliminated altogether. Apple could get into the credit side of the game itself. Or it could integrate with a new kind of network such as Dwolla.
Dwolla may not quite be ready yet to act as Apple's payment backend. But an Apple mobile wallet could only help Dwolla, and new internet-based ways of moving money in general. Right now, consumers don't have much of a reason to use their phones instead of a card to pay in stores. Each mobile payment startup has its own platform that merchants may or (more likely) may not take. Nearly all of those merchants, on the other hand, take cards.
The ubiquity of an NFC-enabled iPhone, however, finally could force brick-and-mortar stores to offer a pay-by-phone option. And once Apple peels people away from physical credit cards to a digitized version of plastic, Dwolla and everyone else become digital options on the same equal footing in the same wallet.
Apple has the ability to succeed where Google and the few NFC-enabled Android phones to hit the market never could, because Apple controls the hardware and the software. Google supported NFC with its own wallet, but few handsets came out with the chips inside, since few payment terminals would take them. And few merchants bothered to accept NFC, since so few phones had it. That uncertainty disappears as soon as an NFC-enabled iPhone 6 floods the streets.
And while an iPhone wallet won't mean an end of credit cards anytime soon—American Express and Visa reportedly have reached agreements to work with Apple—it's hard to see how its spread wouldn't hasten a future free of plastic. After all, a credit card is just a medium for transferring data, just like a smartphone. Except unlike a smartphone, a credit card doesn't do anything else. The credit card companies themselves see this day coming.
If Apple, as expected, announces Tuesday that iPhones will become a new way to pay, the rest of the world might finally see that future, too.
A Toronto woman has been arrested for allegedly defrauding hundreds of foreign job applicants of more than $1.5 million. The Toronto police fraud squad began its investigation into GoWest Jobs International, a recruitment agency that deals mainly with immigrant workers, in October 2014.
Imelda Fronda Saluma faces multiple charges in a Toronto police fraud investigation. ( TORONTO POLICE PHOTO )
The agency, at 1315 Finch Ave. W., recruited people from six countries, but mostly from the Philippines, police said. GoWest demanded money for documents, references and employment contracts from foreign applicants on the pretense these records would be submitted to the appropriate government agencies, police said. More than 500 people paid for documents — later found to be false — while applying to work in Canada, police said, adding the recruits were then denied entry into the country.
Article Continued Below
According to police, as a result of the false documents, the applicants were banned from reapplying for jobs in Canada for two years. Police suspect there may be other victims. Imelda Fronda Saluma, 46, who also goes by the name “Mel,” faces 39 charges, including fraud over $5,000, obtaining money by false pretense, making documents without authority, passing wares/services, and others.
Unless you're some kind of prodigy who can solve one while juggling, making pancakes, and whistling Dixie, the Rubik's cube is already difficult enough. So why on earth would someone go and add a numbered, spinning dial to each side? That's just sadistic.
You could argue that Brando's $80 Roulette Wheel IQ Cube is actually a simpler version of the standard Rubik's Cube since it only features four segments per side. But it's the addition of that dial that takes the difficulty level from child's play to Mensa challenge. However, no matter how scrambled it might become, as long as these manufacturers keep cheaping out and using decals instead of paint, it's just a couple of hours of peeling and re-sticking to easily 'solve' it again.
Advertisement
[Brando via 7Gadgets]
District Attorney Michael McMahon announced that crime dropped 9.2 percent in Staten Island so far this year and the city will install more security cameras and expand the ShotSpotter system in the borough. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Nicholas Rizzi
STATEN ISLAND — Crime has dropped 9.3 percent so far this year across the borough — the largest decrease citywide — despite a sharp increase rape and sexual assaults, law enforcement officials announced.
The number of murders has dropped 57.9 percent so far in 2017, more than twice the citywide decrease of 24.5 percent, District Attorney Michael McMahon and NYPD Staten Island Borough Commander Edward Delatorre said.
Burglaries, robberies, grand larcenies and grand larcenies auto also went down, but the borough saw a 6.5 percent increase in shootings, as well as a 21 percent increase in rapes and sexual assaults.
McMahon said most of the rapes stemmed from incidents of domestic violence, which have been on the rise in the borough since 2010 and made worse by the borough's opioid epidemic.
"Those are numbers that concern us," he noted.
To help combat those increases, McMahon said his office created a victim's advocacy unit, worked with the NYPD to increase home visits where they think a crime could be committed in the future, and opened a Family Justice Center last year.
"Any crime is too much crime, and anyone who is a victim of a crime shouldn't think that we don't take each and every case very seriously," he said. "But overall these trends are very good."
Law enforcement officials credited the drop in numbers to a slew of new programs, including the neighborhood-policing strategy, the HOPE Program and new technology to investigate crimes.
"Everything we do contributes a little bit to crime reduction," Delatorre said.
► READ MORE: Neighborhood Policing Changing Attitudes and Reaping Benefits, NYPD Says
Along with the crime numbers, McMahon and Delatorre announced the city will add 75 new high-tech policing cameras around the borough and increase the number of license plate readers using about $4 million kicked in by every elected official in the borough.
"I think the existence of these systems will go a long way to prevent crime," McMahon said. "We've striven everyday to give Staten Island the best that it deserved in terms of modernizing in both our equipment and methodology."
The borough had 45 of the cameras previously, but they could only face one way and some needed to have the video taken out of the boxes by hand.
The new cameras will feed their streams online to the NYPD and have the ability to move around to catch more of the scene, Delatorre said.
The commander said the technology was key in helping the NYPD quickly arrest Taylor Hawkins, who was charged with attacking five random women last month around the North Shore.
The cameras first snapped a photo of Hawkins' car, which they released to the media and lead to an anonymous tip about where he lived. Officers also used the license plate readers to confirm his plate was near the scenes shortly after the attacks and that the vehicle was later at his home.
"It all came together," Delatorre said. "We put them all together and you wind up with some really great police work."
Officials also announced that the 121st Precinct will get the ShotSpotter system, which uses audio sensors to pinpoint gunshots and then sends notifications to police even if 911 isn't called.
The city first rolled out the program in the 120th Precinct last year, but McMahon immediately called on the city to expand it to include neighborhoods that historically had high amounts of gun violence.
With the new rollout, which could start installation within six months, McMahon said 90 percent of the areas prone to gun violence will be covered.
Delatorre said the system has been successful in the 120th Precinct and lead to many confirmed reports of gunshots when police weren't even called.
While officials touted the drop in crime, they have still been struggling to help turn the tide of the opioid epidemic that has gripped the borough for more than a decade.
While crimes traditionally linked to opioid use, like robberies, have dropped, the number of fatal overdoses has not.
McMahon, whose office tracks overdose deaths called into the NYPD in real time, said the numbers are on trend to level off this year after Staten Island had two of its highest years for overdoses on record.
► READ MORE: The Rise of Fentanyl, the Drug Driving Up Deadly Overdoses Across the City
"Some experts think that it's maybe a glimmer of hope because we are leveling off somewhat," he said.
Both Delatorre and McMahon praised the HOPE program — which drops the charges of low-level drug offenders who seek treatment — with helping slowly turn the tide in the borough.
So far, 221 people received treatment and had their charges dropped under the program, which has started to expand to other boroughs, with the Manhattan DA office implementing a similar one last month and the Brooklyn in line to launch one soon.
"All around we're seeing a lot of collaboration that's bringing us to this point in keeping our hope up that we're going to get to the sun in this area," Delatorre said. "We're not anywhere near there yet."
However, opioid use has lead to an increase in domestic violence cases, which the authorities working to address.
"We're trying to muster together different resources to have sort of a combined response to those cases," McMahon said.
Airbnb's preferred smart lock vendor accidentally bricks 500 door-locks
The $469 LockState RemoteLock 6i is a "smart lock" that is sold to Airbnb operators through a partnership with the company, allowing Airbnb hosts to generate and expire unique, per-tenant unlock codes.
On Aug 8, Lockstate pushed an over-the-air firmware update to its products in the field, and a defect in the update bricked at least 500 locks, causing them to lock down and stay locked.
According to a letter sent by Lockstate, there is no way to unbrick the locks now; they have to be returned and replaced.
The company is asking customers to send in their affected locks so engineers could update the device with the proper software. LockState estimates that the total time to fix and return the product will be around 5 to 7 days. Customers can also choose to have the product replaced altogether, but LockState says this will take between 14 to 18 days.
Botched Firmware Update Bricks Hundreds of Smart Door Locks
[Catalin Cimpanu/Bleeping Computer]
Energy Is Essential
Energy sits at the center of our lives, keeping us safe, productive, and comfortable. Energy improves health, combats climate change, enables communication and education, generates income, and empowers women. Creating access for a growing world population has become one of the biggest opportunities of our time.
Nearly half the planet lacks clean, affordable household energy, cooking meals on smoky open fires and having little or no electricity in their homes. At BioLite, we engage in two distinct customer segments: off-grid households in emerging markets and outdoor recreation users seeking fuel-independent cooking and charging. Using a unique business model called Parallel Innovation, our team develops core energy technologies that are applicable to both markets. We then design products unique to our outdoor and emerging markets customers.
On October 28, WM Entertainment revealed that B1A4 has signed a new contract with Japanese agency Universal Japan.
Universal Japan has been in charge of Japanese promotions for groups such as Girls' Generation and KARA in the past. The agency stated, “B1A4 is a talented group who participates in their own album production. Each member has endless potential and marketability so we decided to sign a contract with them. We plan to release Japanese albums with the group as well as handle their management in Japan.”
B1A4 has released hits in Korea such as “Sweet Girl,” “Solo Day,” “Lonely,” and “What's Happening?” The members are also active individually as producers, solo singers, and actors.
It is reported that B1A4 is preparing for a group comeback sometime before the end of this year.
Source (1)
The Ti Plant Called Ki
by Dino Labiste
Over the vast, South Pacific Ocean came the double-hulled canoes, searching northward into an unknown sea. On these voyagining canoes were the Children of Tangaroa, Tane, Ti and Rongo. In search of new land, these Polynesian settlers, called Kanaka Maoli (The People), came upon a chain of islands. With them they brought various seeds, tubers and roots to plant in their new homeland, Hawai'i.
One of the introduced plants to Hawai'i by the early Polynesians was a tall, stalk with tightly clustered, green, oval and blade-shaped leaves. The leaf was about 4 inches wide and varied from 1 to 2 feet long. It was a fast growing woody plant that reached from 3 to 12 feet in height. The plant was Cordyline fruticosa. Known to the Hawaiians as Ki, it was a ti plant, a member of the lily family.
Ki was considered sacred to the Hawaiian god, Lono, and to the goddess of the hula, Laka. It was also an emblem of high rank and divine power. The kahili (ceremonial standard), in its early form, was a Ki stalk with its clustered foliage of glossy, green leaves at the top. The leaves were used by the kahuna priests in their ancient religious ceremonial rituals as protection to ward off evil spirits and to call in good.
There were many uses for the ti plant in old Hawai'i. The boiled roots were brewed into a potent liquor known as 'okolehao. The large, sweet starchy roots were baked and eaten as a dessert. This versatile plant also had many medicinal uses, either alone or as a wrapping for other herbs needing to be steamed or boiled. The ti leaves were wrapped around warm stones to serve as hot packs, used in poultices and applied to fevered brows. A drink from boiled green ti leaves were used to aid nerve and muscle relaxation. Steam from boiled young shoots and leaves made an effective decongestant. The pleasantly fragrant flowers were also used for asthma. Besides its use in healing practices, the large ti leaves became roof thatching, wrappings for cooking food, plates, cups, fishing lures on hukilau nets, woven into sandals, hula skirts, leis and rain capes.
TI LEAF RAIN CAPE
The early Polynesians made a shingled ti leaf rain cape, called kui la'i, to protect them from the rain and cold. It was a form of portable ti leaf thatch that was tied to a net foundation and worn over the shoulders.
To construct a ti leaf rain cape, a fine netting was first woven. A cord was passed through the neck marginal meshes, knotted to the meshes at each end, and the cord ends left free for tying. The traditional netting for the cape in Old Hawai'i was made of olona (Touchardia latifolia) or hau (Hibiscus tiliaceus) cordage.
Large ti leaves were gathered.
The midrib, or bone, from the center of the leaf was removed from each leaf. The ti leaves were then split in two halves.
The half-leaves were tied to the net mesh, starting at the bottom of the cape.
Another row of ti half-leaves were added on top of the bottom row until the layered rows reached the top of the cape.
The thatched ti leaves acted as a wick to drain the water down the cape. Also the heavy thatching insulated against the cold winds.
Over time, the constant use, the winds, and the elements shredded the ti leaves on the cape. The green leaves eventually turned brown. This did not diminish the practicality of the ti leaf rain cape.
The ti leaves ability to shed water come from it's semitransparent, protective surface called the cuticle. The leaf is covered by a waxy cuticle which keeps water outside and restricts evaporative water loss from the plant.
The many parallel veins, which provide strength, is another reason why the ti leaf is a good plant resource. Leaf veins are vascular bundles and have a fibrous bundle sheath. Vascular bundles are composed of xylem (a tissue having pipelines that conduct water and dissolved mineral ions), phloem (a tissue having pipelines which distribute dissolved sugars and other photosynthetic products), and fibers which support and protect the xylem and phloem. Fibers and vascular bundles in leaves are called fibrovascular bundles. The fibers and the xylem in fibrovascular bundles make ti leaves strong, thus the many uses of this versatile plant.
E-mail your comments to "Dino Labiste" at KahikoArts@yahoo.com
UFC 178 Rumors: Flyweight Champ Demetrious Johnson Open to a 'Super Fight' With T.J. Dillashaw? [VIDEO]
on Sep 16, 2014 04:38 PM EDT By Doric Sam on Sep 16, 2014 04:38 PM EDT
Close
Sign Up for Sports World News' Newsletter and never miss out on our most popular stories.
UFC flyweight champion Demetrious Johnson has dominated all of his competition in the 125-pound division. So if "Mighty Mouse" is able to get past Chris Cariaso at later this month, is it possible to see him in a "super fight" against the UFC's 135-pound champion?
Jose Aldo Feels He Should Be Ranked Higher on UFC's P4P List
Talk of "super fights" is usually reserved for the heavier weight-classes but with no prospective blockbuster matchup currently on the horizon, Johnson vs. the bantamweight champion might be the best fight the UFC can make right now. And as long as the price is right, Johnson will face anybody.
"There are a lot of fighters left in the flyweight division that I haven't fought yet, and my focus is there," Johnson recently told MMAJunkie Radio. "Obviously, if (UFC President) Dana White came to me and said, 'We're hurting for a mega fight, would you go up and take on the 135-pound champion?,' whoever that is when the time comes, and I am still champed at the same time, I'm pretty sure me and the bantamweight champion want to make some cheddar when it happens. As long as they're willing to fork up a bit, and it makes sense for me and my camp, why not?"
Johny Hendricks' Coach Thinks He Won't Fight Again Until February or March
Johnson will face Cariaso, a 7-1 underdog, in the main event of UFC 178 on Sept. 27, which will be his fourth title defense. Even though he has looked unstoppable against previous opponents, Johnson, who once challenged for the bantamweight title, doesn't see himself moving up a weight-class anytime soon.
"I don't look (at it like) if I beat Cariaso, I clean out the division," he said. "Honestly, I just pick up the phone when the UFC gives me an assignment, and when the UFC gives me an assignment, I go out there and execute my game plan. If people in the public and the media want to say I've cleaned out the division, that's for them to say, but for me, it's just another fight."
A fight between Johnson and current 135-pound champion T.J. Dillashaw would be an exciting one, as they are two of the fastest fighters in the sport right now. Dillashaw also isn't one of the bigger bantamweights in the division, so Johnson probably won't be facing a significant size disadvantage like he did when he challenged former champion Dominick Cruz.
What do you think of a possible "super fight" between Johnson and Dillashaw? Let us know at @SportsWN and @doricsam83.
See Now: Microsoft Surface Pro 5: Intel Kaby Lake, 4K Display, Release Date, Specs & Features
© 2018 Sportsworldnews.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Advertisement
NEW YORK (17 September, 2014)--More than $100 trillion in cumulative public and private spending, and 1,700 megatons of annual carbon dioxide (CO2)--a 40 percent reduction of urban passenger transport emissions--could be eliminated by 2050 if the world expands public transportation, walking and cycling in cities, according to a new report released by the University of California, Davis, and the Institute for Transportation and Development Policy (ITDP).
Further, an estimated 1.4 million early deaths could be avoided annually by 2050 if governments require the strongest vehicle pollution controls and ultralow-sulfur fuels, according to a related analysis of these urban vehicle activity pathways by the International Council on Clean Transportation (ICCT) included in the report.
"Transportation, driven by rapid growth in car use, has been the fastest growing source of CO2 in the world, said Michael Replogle, ITDP's managing director for policy and co-author of the report. "An affordable but largely overlooked way to cut that pollution is to give people clean options to use public transportation, walking and cycling, expanding mobility options especially for the poor and curbing air pollution from traffic."
"The analysis shows that getting away from car-centric development will cut urban CO2 dramatically and also reduce costs, especially in rapidly expanding economies," said report co-author Lew Fulton, co-director of NextSTEPS Program at the Institute of Transportation Studies at UC Davis. "It is also critical to reduce the energy use and carbon emissions of all vehicles."
The report, A Global High Shift Scenario, is the first study to examine how major changes in transport investments worldwide would affect urban passenger transport emissions as well as the mobility of different income groups. The authors calculated CO2 emissions in 2050 under two scenarios, a business-as-usual scenario and a "High Shift" scenario where governments significantly increased rail and clean bus transport, especially Bus Rapid Transit (BRT), and helped urban areas provide infrastructure to ensure safe walking, bicycling and other active forms of transportation. The projections also include moving investments away from road construction, parking garages and other ways that encourage car ownership.
Under this High Shift, not only would CO2 emissions plummet, but the net financial impact of this shift would be an enormous savings over the next 35 years, covering construction, operating, vehicle and fuel-related costs.
The report was released at the United Nations Habitat III Preparatory Meeting in New York on September 17th, in advance of the September 23rd United Nations Secretary-General's Climate Summit, where many nations and corporations will announce voluntary commitments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, including new efforts focused on sustainable transportation.
"This timely study is a significant contribution to the evidence base showing that public transport should play central role in visions for the city of tomorrow" says Alain Flausch, Secretary General of the International Association of Public Transport, and member of UN Secretary General's Advisory Group on Sustainable Transport.
Better Mobility Leads to Social Mobility
The new report also describes sustainable transportation as a key factor in economic development. Under the High Shift scenario, mass transit access is projected to more than triple for the lowest income groups and more than double for the second lowest groups. Notably, the overall mobility evens out between income groups, providing those more impoverished with better access to employment and services that can improve their family livelihoods.
"Today and out to 2050, lower income groups will have limited access to cars in most countries under almost any scenario; improving access to modern, clean, high-capacity public transport is crucial," said Fulton.
"Unmanaged growth in motor vehicle use threatens to exacerbate growing income inequality and environmental ills, while more sustainable transport delivers access for all, reducing these ills. This report's findings should help support wider agreement on climate policy, where costs and equity of the cleanup burden between rich and poor are key issues," noted Replogle.
Emission Standards Save Lives
Air pollution is a leading cause of early death, responsible for more than 3.2 million early deaths annually. Exposure to vehicle tailpipe emissions is associated with increased risk of early death from cardiopulmonary disease and lung cancer, as well as respiratory infections in children. Car and diesel exhaust also increases the risk of non-fatal health outcomes, including asthma and cardiovascular disease.
The International Council on Clean Transportation evaluated the impacts of urban travel by cars, motorcycles, trucks and buses on the number of early deaths from exposure to soot emitted directly from vehicle tailpipes. "Future growth in vehicle activity could produce a four-fold increase in associated early deaths by 2050, even with a global shift to mass transit," said ICCT's Joshua Miller, a contributor to the study. "We could avoid about 1.4 million early deaths annually if national leaders committed to a global policy roadmap that requires the strongest vehicle pollution controls and ultralow-sulfur fuels." Cleaner buses alone would account for 20 percent of these benefits.
Fuel Economy Standards Save Fuel and Cut CO2 Emissions
While this study has not focused on further actions to boost motor vehicle fuel economy, it takes into account existing policies that, in the International Energy Agency's Baseline scenario, improve average new car fuel economy by 32 percent in countries that belong to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), a group of 34 of the world's most developed, democratic, market economies, and 23 percent in non-OECD countries.
The High Shift scenario increases this to 36 percent and 27 percent respectively, due to improved in-use driving conditions and a slight shift to smaller vehicles. However, the Global Fuel Economy Initiative (GFEI) calls for much more: a 50 percent reduction in fuel use per kilometer for light-duty vehicles worldwide by 2030. Achieving the GFEI 2030 goal could reduce 700 megatons of CO2 annually beyond the 1,700 reduction possible from a High Shift scenario. Taken together, achieving this fuel economy goal with better public transport, walking and cycling could cut annual urban passenger transport CO2 emissions in 2050 by 55 percent from what they might otherwise be in 2050 and 10 percent below 2010 levels.
Cutting Emissions with Sustainable Transportation Across the World's Cities
Transportation in urban areas accounted for about 2,300 megatons of CO2 in 2010, almost one quarter of carbon emissions from all parts of the transportation sector. Rapid urbanization--especially in fast developing countries like China and India--will cause these emissions to double by 2050 in the baseline scenario.
Among the countries examined in the study, three stand out:
United States: Currently the world leader in urban passenger transportation CO2 emissions, with nearly 670 megatons annually, the US is projected to lower these emissions to 560 megatons by 2050 because of slower population growth, higher fuel efficiencies, and a decline in driving per person that has already started as people move back to cities. But this pace can be sharply accelerated with more sustainable transportation options, dropping to about 280 megatons, under the High Shift scenario.
China: CO2 emissions from transportation are expected to mushroom from 190 megatons annually to more than 1,100 megatons, due in large part to the explosive growth of China's urban areas, the growing wealth of Chinese consumers, and their dependence on automobiles. But this increase can be slashed to 650 megatons under the High Shift scenario, in which cities develop extensive BRT and metro systems. The latest data show China is already sharply increasing investments in public transport.
India: CO2 emissions are projected to leap from about 70 megatons today to 540 megatons by 2050, also because of growing wealth and urban populations. But this increase can be moderated to only 350 megatons, under the High Shift scenario, by addressing crucial deficiencies in India's public transport.
###
The Institute for Transportation and Development Policy (ITDP) is a global nonprofit that helps cities design and implement high-quality transit systems to make communities more livable, competitive and sustainable. ITDP works with cities worldwide to bring about transport solutions that cut greenhouse gas emissions, reduce poverty, and improve the quality of urban life. Please visit http://www. itdp. org for more information.
UC Davis is a global community of individuals united to better humanity and our natural world while seeking solutions to some of our most pressing challenges. Located near the California state capital, UC Davis has more than 34,000 students, and the full-time equivalent of 4,100 faculty and other academics and 17,400 staff. The campus has an annual research budget of over $750 million, a comprehensive health system and about two dozen specialized research centers. The university offers interdisciplinary graduate study and 99 undergraduate majors in four colleges and six professional schools.
Democrat G. Douglas Jones has taken a five-point lead over Republican Roy S. Moore, 47 percent to 42 percent, as the two men vie for the Senate seat to be decided in the Dec. 12 special election, according to the lasted Big League-Gravis poll of 628 likely Alabama voters conducted Nov. 14 through Nov. 15.
“In the last week, the Alabama electorate has turned on Judge Roy Moore,” said Doug Kaplan, the managing partner of Gravis Marketing, the Florida-based company that executed the poll. The poll carries a 3.5 percent margin of error.
“Eleven percent of the participants said they were undecided, but of them, 17 percent said they lean Moore and 22 percent lean Jones,” he said.
In the Nov. 10 Big League-Gravis poll, Moore held his lead over Jones: 48 percent for Moore and 46 percent for Jones.
Trending: REVEALED: Kamala Harris' Father Admitted She Is Descended From Slave Owners
“There is a 7-point swing, but it's more dramatic,” he said. “The amount of undecideds has basically doubled.”
More than anything else, this race was Moore to lose and he is losing it, he said.
“Can he win? Yes,” he said. “If the election were held today? He would lose decisively.”
Kaplan said Moore has not expanded his voter base.
“Moore has basically held his primary vote,” he said.
“That is not enough to win,” he said. “The people deciding the elections. The independents and Luther Strange voters, your suburban voter does not believe the Moore.”
Moore beat Sen. Luther J. Strange III in the Sept. 26 GOP Senate primary runoff.
Moore needs to hold on to not only his 262,204 votes he collected in the Sept. 26 runoff, but also at least 45 percent of Strange's 218,066 votes in the runoff to overcome Jones' 165,000 votes from his own primary victory.
The Senate race was rocked when The Washington Post published four women, who said they had sexually-tinged encounters with Moore, when he was in his 30s and they were teenagers–one claimed to be 14-years-old, when the state's age of consent was and remains 16-years-old.
In the poll, 95 percent of respondents said they were aware of the charges against Moore.
Thirty-nine percent of respondents said they believe Moore's denials and 39 percent said they believe his accusers.
Kaplan said time is running out for the Moore campaign as the former state chief justice shift focus to his #DitchMitch effort, rather than present a compelling response to the accusations. Senate Majority Leader A. Mitchell McConnell (R.-Ky.) and his operatives, such as his former chief of staff Josh Holmes, have been part of the movement to derail Moore.
“He is basically in the fourth quarter trying to run out the clock,” Kaplan said. “The stratergy is not working. The voters want answers from him legitimate questions and he has not answered them that is what you are seeing in the poll results.”
The survey was conducted using interactive voice responses and an online panel of cell phones users. The results are weighted to match a proprietary voter turnout model.
Check out the poll's questions and summary:
Questions and summary of the Nov. 14 to Nov. 15 Big League-Gravis Alabama poll GM_Release_AL_11172017
Check out the poll's crosstabs:
Spreadsheet of the Nov. 14 to Nov. 15 Big League-Gravis Alabama poll
A Georgia police chief, who claims he accidentally shot his wife twice, has been placed on administrative leave, pending the outcome of the investigation.
UPDATE: Authorities provided an update at a Thursday afternoon press conference. "The initial reports that we got from a 911 call were that the chief had shot his wife, accidentally, twice. As a result of our preliminary interview, we have found that he only shot her one time," Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokeswoman Sherry Lang told reporters. Lang also said McCollom is fully cooperating with investigators.
According to the Peachtree City Police Department, their chief of police, William McCollom, called emergency dispatchers Thursday morning to report he had accidentally shot his wife.
Peachtree City, the largest city in Fayette County, is located approximately 30 miles southwest of Atlanta.
In circumstances that remain unclear, McCollom's service weapon discharged twice and the bullets struck his wife, Margaret, Georgia Bureau of Investigation spokeswoman Sherry Lang told 11alive.com.
Margaret McCollom was airlifted to the Atlanta Medical Center, where she is listed in critical condition.
"The investigation into this incident has been turned over to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation due to the husband of the victim being the chief of police," Peachtree City Police Lt. Mark Brown said in a press release.
Calls to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation by HuffPost were not immediately returned Thursday.
No additional information is available at this time. According to Brown, detectives, along with the Fayette County District Attorney, plan to hold a press conference at 2 p.m.
Cricket Politics
Sundar Raman has been given a clean-chit.
In what could change the nature of cricket administration in the country, the committee headed by Justice (retd) RM Lodha has recommended that BCCI should come under the RTI act. The body constituted by the Supreme Court to ‘clean up' Indian cricket after the IPL spot fixing scandal in 2003 broke in public forum has also recommended that betting should be legalised with an inbuilt mechanism.
The demand that the BCCI should be brought under RTI is a long standing one.
The Justice Mukul Mudgal committee that was also appointed by the apex-court to look into the IPL spot-fixing and betting scandal had also spoken about bringing BCCI under the RTI ambit.
But the biggest hurdle could be the lack of political will, since politicians form a sizeable part of cricket administration in India.
If the BCCI has to be brought under the RTI act, a legislation will have to be enacted by the Parliament.
"I believe that this is the right time to bring BCCI under the RTI (Right to Information Act) ambit. The national as well as all the state units should fall under RTI. What's happening in Haryana, Jammu and Kashmir, Delhi, Punjab is an outcome of the independent functioning of the cricket board," - Bhishen Singh Bedi in January 2015 "Let me be very clear...I have been telling time and again that as per the observation of the Supreme Court of India, BCCI is a public body. Now it is the expectations of the sports lover of the country that transparency and accountability should be there in the day-to-day affairs of all the sports federations,"- Sports Minister Sarbananda Sonowal on August 2015 "The BCCI, like all other national sports federations, will have to come under the RTI and anti-doping regulations," then sports secretary PK Deb on July, 2013 "It is time to make BCCI functioning more transparently and it can be done through RTI,” Kirti Azad, July 2013.
Important recommendations by Lodha Committee:
While addressing the media, Justice (retd) RM Lodha said the present BCCI chief Shashank Manohar is already implementing some of the recommendations of the panel. He said, “BCCI is a national body. It represents length and breadth of the country and discharges public functions.”
Justice Lodha who heads the apex court constituted panel said that prior to the formation of its report, they had met BCCI office-bearers, President and secretary along with former Indian captains, including Sourav Gangly, Sachin Tendulkar and Kapil Dev.
Incidentally, former IPL COO Sundar Raman has been given a clean-chit. The committee had previously suspended Gurunath Meiyappan and Raj Kundra from any cricketing activity for five years. CSK and RR were also suspended according to the same recommendation.
These are the major takeaways from the 57 page report.
· The panel recommended that the legislature could bring BCCI under the RTI Act. Currently, the cricket body is under the Societies Act.
· The report reccomends legalization of betting with an inbuilt mechanism. Players will also have to disclose their assets as per the recommendation in order to curb betting.
· Only one body from each state will have voting rights as a full member of the BCCI. Other bodies (universities, colleges, railways) will be deemed as associate members. It talks about formation of a supreme body with 30 state members and seven associate members.
· Officials in the BCCI will be restricted to a maximum of three terms in office with no more than two successive stints and cannot hold more than a single post at any given point of time. There has to be a cool off period after each term.
· Importantly, there should be two separate governing bodies for the BCCI and IPL. The panel recommends BCCI to be a run by a CEO assisted by six professional managers.
· The apex body of nine for running the IPL will have five elected office bearers of the BCCI including the BCCI secretary and treasurer.
· It also recommends the formation of a players' association and has named Mohinder Amarnath, Diana Eduljee and Anil Kumble to be part of a steering committee and will be headed by former Home Secretary G K Pillai. .
· The Lodha Committee also wants agents to be registered to protect the interest of players.
· An Ethics Officer, a former chief justice or high court judge will oversee the issue of conflict of Interest. An ombudsman and electoral officer should be appointed. A CAG auditor will also be part of the auditing body.
· A BCCI official can't be a minister or a government employee and has to be below 70 years of age.
· Saying the BCCI to keep governance and management separate, it recommended cricketing matters to be handled only by cricketers including a selection of teams and coaching.
BY ARAM HAMPARIAN
Or, Why Grassroots Really do Make the Difference
When the ANCA says “grassroots make the difference” it's because we know that our voice is an authentically American one, representing registered voters and real tax-payers across our great country, not simply the billable hours of a rented former politician or some pay-to-play PR firm.
Grassroots do make the difference, and we're seeing that difference in the news every single day.
Podesta disgraced. Hastert imprisoned. Manafort arrested. Flynn under investigation.
It's no accident. It's a pattern.
More than that, more often than not – it's a standard DC scam.
The immoral enriching the unethical. A marriage of the depraved and deplorable:
The fake lobbyists bank their cash.
The corrupt “leaders” keep their power.
The American people get sold a fake bill of goods.
And the folks back home get the short end of the stick.
It's a win-win for the insiders. Lose-lose for the rest.
Why? How does this happen, over and over again?
The answer's pretty simple.
Regimes lacking legitimacy back home hunger for validation in Washington.
Desperate for photo ops and always looking for a quick shortcut to a good reputation (instead of the tough but necessary work of good governance) authoritarian “leaders” are quick to fall for slick pitches by sleazy “Beltway Bandits” who inevitably fleece their foreign clients and then, very often by virtue of their own criminal conduct, crash and burn themselves.
It's no coincidence that the disgraced Tony Podesta represents Azerbaijan – taking millions to suppress Artsakh's democratic self-determination. No coincidence that Michael Flynn fronted for Turkey – reaping riches to prevent honest American remembrance of the Armenian Genocide. No coincidence that Dick Gephardt and his fellow former U.S. House leader Dennis Hastert – himself, a convicted felon and admitted child molester – aided and abetted Turkey's obstruction of justice for the mass murder of millions of Christians.
The answer to this darkness is not more darkness, it's democracy.
It's American citizens of Armenian heritage – or any heritage – participating in our participatory democracy. Engaging with Members of Congress, state level officials, and municipal leaders. Supporting legislation. Backing appropriations. Building coalitions. Working with the media. The good work – the hard and honest work – of a free people in a free land. #goANCA.
DeBARY, Fla. - The Benfield family just recently moved to DeBary and said they noticed a lot of trash littering the road so they got proactive, including their 10-year-old son Caleb, who took trash collecting to the next level.
It's a good deed that turned into a weekly routine for the family.
"We just take my mom's new bike and she has a basket, so we can put the trash bag in there,' said Caleb Benfield.
"There's a lot of stuff out there. Sometimes I just find coke bottles or foam cups. A lot of foam cups," he said.
The family said on Sunday, they collected at least two bags full of trash just along their street on Highbanks Road.
"It makes me a little sad that there's all this trash," said Caleb.
The family decided to try and get others involved by snapping pictures of Caleb and the trash they collected, then posted it to Facebook. They never thought their pictures would go viral.
"The response has been amazing. We've had over 250 likes for young Caleb and I'm hoping that this will get the word out for those that I see throughout the mornings taking a stroll," said Erika Benfield, mother.
Fellow residents also gave the family an idea to adopt a street.
"He'll have a sign erected in his name," said the family.
The Benfields are in the application process, so Caleb can soon be in charge of keeping his street clean.
However, Caleb said residents don't need a street named after them to protect the environment.
"If you see a bunch of trash. Don't just stay there and just wait until you see more trash the next day, just do something about it," he said.
Copyright 2016 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved.
The Nobel Assembly at the Karolinska Institutet (KI) in Sweden awarded this week the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine 2016 to the Japanese scientist Yoshinori Ohsumi “for his discoveries of mechanisms for autophagy”. Autophagy is a physiologically highly relevant intracellular process of protein and organelle recycling, when these are misfolded or damaged or when the cell lacks nutrients. Possibly, KI Nobel Assembly's decision might have been inspired by the success of their own excellent young autophagy researcher: Helin Vakifahmetoglu-Norberg, see also this press release. The following is to raise concerns about hers and KI's achievements in the Nobel-awarded research field of autophagy, which are somewhat marred by recurrent image duplications. The copious new evidence I was given by a certain sleuth team suggests a possibly bigger problem than KI previously decreed.
The young group leader started her career in the field of apoptosis (cell death) research and authored many publications in highly respectable journals, both as PhD student of Karolinska in the lab of cell biologist Boris Zhivotovsky, as well as postdoctoral scientist in Harvard, with another apoptosis specialist, Junying Yian. Vakifahmetoglu-Norberg then returned to KI to start her own cell biology research group, not on apoptosis, but on autophagy. At her institutional website she lists research funding from top-sources like the Swedish Research Council (VR), the Ragnar Söderberg Foundation, the Swedish Society for Medical Research and several others. “Highly enthusiastic and hardworking postdocs and undergraduate students” are invited to join the “protein degradation pathways“ lab, while also discretely asked to bring their own financial support. Funding money plays a big role at KI, as we all recently learned during the Paolo Macchiarini scandal.
One year ago, concerns were raised on PubPeer about image reuse in a Vakifahmetoglu-Norberg publication on autophagy in the Journal of Cell Biology (JCB), namely Xia et al 2015. Normally, JCB editorial team screens all manuscript submissions for internal image duplications and other irregularities. The problem in that case was: the reused images came from two different publications, namely from her earlier papers as junior researcher with Zhivotovsky and Yian (Vakifahmetoglu-Norberg et al, Cell Death and Disease, 2013 and Vakifahmetoglu-Norberg et al, Genes & Development 2013, respectively). JCB corrected the publication on August 31st 2015 with a note:
“It recently came to the authors' attention that the tubulin loading control panels shown in Figs. 2 Gand S2 F were incorrect as a result of errors introduced during figure preparation. The authors apologize for these mistakes. The conclusions of the experiments shown in these figures are not affected”.
Also the Genes & Development 2013 paper was corrected on April 1st 2016, again with the caveat:
“Neither the quantitative determinations nor the conclusions of this article are altered”.
Unfortunately, it seems there was another western blot image from the 2013 Genes & Development paper which somehow was erroneously introduced during figure preparation:
In July 2016, Tomas Ahlbeck, Press secretary at the KI Communications and Public Relations Office informed me:
“Regarding Helin Vakifahmetoglu-Norberg: the three allegations are investigated and have been written off”.
I asked him to clarify this, but he remained silent. Yesterday I requested from KI registrar the investigative report (dated May 31st 2016) and here it now is, in assisted Google- translation (Swedish original here):
Decision The case is removed from the register. The case In view of the information on the Pubpeer.com about the three publications by Helin VakifahmetogluNorberg a case on suspicion of research misconduct was initiated The three publications referred to are “Degradation of HK2 by chaperone-mediated autophagy promotes metabolic catastrophe and cell death“,“Chaperone-mediated autophagy degrades mutant p53“and “Chromosomal breaks during mitotic catastrophe trigger γH2AX–ATM–p53-mediated apoptosis“. Helin Vakifahmetoglu-Norberg spoke about the case on April 18 and April 29, 2016. On April 5, 2016 Professor Junying Yuan forwarded a letter to Karolinska Institutet in cases 21646/2016 and 21647/2016 that corrections have been made in Genes and Development and Joumal of Cell Biology. Professor Boris Zhivotovsky explained on April 29, 2016 regarding the publication 21648/2016 that he was asked by the publisher to provide high resolutions of all images. On this occasion, the blot was duplicated by a technical mistake. It was not Helin VakifahmetogluNorberg who was responsible for these images. The correct version has been accepted by the publisher and errata has recently become published. Reason for the decision It emerged from the investigation of the cases that these do not constitute dishonest research, this is why the case is terminated. This decision was made by the Acting President Karin Dahlman-Wright in presence of University Director Per Bengtsson after a presentation by lawyer Lisen Samuelsson. Present were Deputy Vice Chancellor Professor Grönberg, as well as University Director Marie Tell and the Chairman of Medical Society Frida Hellström.
It is possible though that KI knew about more than just three allegations. Not only there were more papers by Vakifahmetoglu-Norberg flagged on PubPeer, there were also further corrections.
Journal of Cell Science, which prides itself of their publishing ethics, corrected on May 1st 2016 the above mentioned paper from Zhivotovsky's KI lab, featuring Vakifahmetoglu-Norberg as co-author (Imreh et al, 2011). A western blot was replaced, with the correction note warning off all potential sceptics:
“There are no changes to the figure legend, which is accurate. This error does not affect the conclusions of the study”.
Unfortunately, the editors missed evidence for image duplication inside same figure (or maybe they were simply not really looking). All one had to do to detect it was to boost contrast:
On July 4th 2016, a collaborative paper in Oncogene featuring Vakifahmetoglu-Norberg and Zhivotovsky as co-authors, was corrected. Some western blot duplication issues in Shen et al 2008 were corrected, with experiments repeated. The correction note made clear:
“All data are in agreement with previous findings described in the original article, and the main conclusion remains unchanged”.
There was just one small problem with those allegedly reproduced experiments: one new western blot looks strangely similar to another already appearing in the same 8 year old paper, in a different context. Meanwhile, it seems to have grown an additional lane in between. Another corrected western blot, also allegedly freshly made for the purpose of correction, seems to be very similar to its old place-holder, aside of having lost a lane instead.
The evidence I was provided shows even more. Another couple of eight year old papers from Zhivotovsky lab in the journal Cell Death Differentiation, namely the research paper Vakifahmetoglu et al 2008 and the review paper Vakifahmetoglu et al 2008 seem to share not just some accidentally copied images as duplication. Instead, some individual cells inside certain microscopy images look very similar to cells from utterly different microscopy images. Their neighbours however are different, one wonders how authors would explain that peculiarity.
Yet another Cell Death Differentiation paper, Vakifahmetoglu-Norberg et al 2013, authored by Zhivotovsky together with his former star PhD student and now close colleague at KI, contains evidence of western blot reuse as well:
In summary, maybe KI and the journals should have another look. Just to be absolutely sure, that despite many duplications, all the main conclusions in papers authored by this star autophagy researcher are still absolutely solid and beyond any doubt. With the Nobel Prize just awarded to this field, the reputation of KI's own autophagy researchers should be beyond reproach.
The dossier I made from the evidence I was forwarded to, is available here.
Loki Eliot is renowned for his scripting and building abilities in Second Life – and rightly so. His ideas, designs and builds stand at the forefront of what can be achieved in-world in terms of games and immersive activities, and he is always quick to embrace new platform capabilities and opportunities.
In The Well: Sollicitius, he brings all of these talents and abilities together to present an immersive and engaging experience, complete with a special guest star.
Given the time of year, The Well is a little bit of a horror story mixed into a mystery you must solve. It actually expands on an experience Loki created last year, which he has now enhanced to include more twists in the story and which makes use of recent SL innovations such as materials processing.
This does mean that the game is best experienced with Advanced Lighting Model active, and preferably with Sun/Moon + Projectors enabled. Loki has placed the entire experience as high up in the sky over his region as he can in order to minimise lag and the performance hit running with shadows enabled can create, so if you have a moderately good graphics cards, it's worth giving Sun/Moon + Projectors a go if you can. If you still find yourself struggling, try disabling that option, but leaving ALM active. Also, do make sure you have sounds on, they are very much a part of the experience.
The backstory to The Well is that a young boy fell down a well, and he and the rescue team which descended to recover him vanished without a trace. Now, a year later, you have arrived at the scene to join a scientific team sent down to the cavern and caves beneath the well in an attempt to understand what they are and discover what happened to the ill-fated young boy and the rescue team.
Except that, by the time you arrive, the science team has also vanished…
The Well is a HUD-driven experience, and as such makes for very immersive game play in that there is no need to click on anything in-world once you've started; as you move around, the HUD responds to your position and offer-up choices and information – and a few other things as well :). All you have to do is click when a choice is required, or click to clear any message. The HUD cots L$100, and can be purchased from the vendor at the start of the experience.
Note that once started, removal of the HUD means you'll have to return to the start and begin again. So if you want to enjoy The Well to the fullest, set aside about an hour of your time.
Once worn, the HUD unlocks access to the experience and presents the opening credits before setting the scene for you. This is very imaginatively done through a BBC News 24-style bulletin. Once the titles have rolled and you've cleared the instructions, you'll be teleported down into the cavern beneath the well, where your adventure begins.
I don't want to give too much away in terms of what to expect – that would spoil the fun! Suffice it to say, the main rules are, walk around the opening scenes carefully. There are clues and aides to be found which will help you along the way. The Well make use of SL's experience permissions, so teleports are prompted as a part of the game's progression, again making the moves between scenes as seamless as they might be, allowing for the necessary permissions being granted.
As the instructions note, you have a Sanity Meter. This starts off in the green, but will drop down and eventually arrive in the red if you let the Shadows get to you too much. If the meter reaches zero, you'll be teleported back to the start. I'm not going to say too much about the shadows, other than they tend to travel in pairs, so if you see one, keep an eye out for the other when dodging! Oh – and you really should have the sound on ready for when they do grab you :D.
The name of the game in The Well is choices. As you progress through the tunnels, you'll come across additional caverns where you'll be given choices. Some may lead you onwards, some may set you back to an earlier part of the game, some might simply put you back where you started just before reaching them. Hence why you need to set aside a reasonable amount of time to complete your explorations.
Those that do find their way to the end face one final choice. To go left or to go right. It sounds simple, but given the nature of the one offering the choice, don't expect things to perhaps be as straightforward as you might think. Once you have completed the experience, you will be returned to the starting point and offered your reward.
To call The Well a game isn't really doing it justice, per se. It really is an experience, and an enjoyable one at that. It combines some of the genuine strengths of the platform with some of its latest features to present an entertaining and engaging means of spending a portion of your time in-world. Sure, it can be subject to the vagaries of the platform at times, but there is nothing that really impacts the experience to the point of distraction, and it is clear from the way the various “levels” have been spread around Loki's region, coupled with the height at which he has placed them, that Loki has worked hard to minimise as many causes of lag which may otherwise occur as possible.
This is the kind of experience which would be ideal for the Oculus Rift. As everything is proximity-based in terms of the in-world interactions, and HUD- based in terms of actual interactions via the mouse, The Well would seem to naturally lend itself to a fully immersive first-person experience. Loki and I briefly discussed this idea after my “rite of passage” through The Well. Sadly, he's a little hampered in terms of Rifting the experience, as a “Rift-ready” version of the viewer with basic UI support has yet to appear for the Mac. However, the potential is there, and while I'm unlikely to opt for a Rift headset myself in the foreseeable future, The Well has left me intrigued as to exactly how Loki will be working with the headset in the future.
In the meantime, I highly recommend The Well if you've not already tried it. It is more than worth the time taken to visit, explore and experience.
Related Links
Advertisements
Islam, Islamism, and Islamophobia: Why Words Matter
We need to have a productive conversation about terrorism
Savannah L. Barker Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 24, 2016
News of a terrorist attack in Brussels Tuesday morning meant the usual onslaught of bigots, apologists, and a disheartening unwillingness to discuss any nuance that may exist between the two was bound to unfold.
The problem is this: terrorism is going to get worse before it gets better. The need to have an honest conversation about the growing danger of Islamism, the militarization of the world's jihadists, and the link between belief and behavior, has become a necessity. Our usual response — in this case, the trending hashtags #StopIslam and the equally unhelpful #StopIslamophobia — can no longer be tolerated.
British journalist Douglas Murray published a piece in The Spectator that sums up what we can come to expect in the wake of a terrorist attack:
The standard response now goes as follows. First the body parts of innocent people are flung across airport check-ins or underground trains. Briefly there is some shock. On social media the sentimentalists await the arrival of this atrocity's cutesy hashtag or motif and hope it will tide them over until the piano man arrives at the scene of the attack to sing ‘Imagine there's no countries'. Meantime someone will hopefully have said something which a lot of people can condemn as ‘inappropriate'.
… By at least tomorrow the story of a savage ‘backlash' (consisting mainly of stares and horrible things written on social media) will be being talked-up by all mainstream Muslim leaders.
By Thursday no one will be talking about the victims.
Whenever a terrorist attack occurs, many of us appear to fall into one of two camps: we either unfairly blame the actions of a few violent jihadists on the 1.6 billion Muslims living in the world (e.g. Donald Trump), or we assert that there is absolutely no connection between Islam and violence — declaring that jihadists are not Muslims at all and Islam is ‘a religion of peace.'
Both of these assertions are incorrect and unhelpful, and the complicated truth about the role Islam plays in jihadism requires a level of sophistication and complexity that cannot be easily condensed into an 140-character Tweet.
A few reasonable voices did manage to cut through the madness as Muslim reformer Maajid Nawaz attempted to steer the conversation in a more constructive direction with a few Tweets:
Islam is a religion. Islamism, also known as political Islam, is a “reform movement advocating the reordering of government and society in accordance with laws prescribed by Islam” or more simply, the desire to impose some iteration of Islamic law on society. Jihadism is “the use of force to spread Islamism.” Therefore, it is not Islam that we should seek to oppose, but Islamism.
Maajid has spoken at length about the differences between Islam, Islamism, and Jihadism, and he has dedicated his life to fighting against Islamic extremism via the Quilliam Foundation; but Maajid has also spoken out against the term Islamophobia which has increasingly been used to shut down virtually any critique of Islam as being ‘bigoted' — even when the critiques come from Muslims themselves. Asra Nomani, Raheel Raza, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Irshad Manji — these are just a few prominent Muslim reformers who have been labeled Islamophobes in their attempts to reform their own religion.
Many refuse to include any iteration of the term ‘Islam' in describing those responsible for a terrorist attack because they believe doing so is to somehow equate all Muslims with terrorism. Statements like ‘terrorism knows no religion' and ‘ISIS is not Islamic' send out the misleading and unproductive message that there is no link between Islam, Islamism, and Jihadism, and allows for the right-wing bigots and Islamist extremists of the world to dominate the dialogue.
Maajid explains the importance of calling Islamism by its name:
The danger of not naming this ideology is twofold. Firstly, within the Muslim context, those liberal Muslims, reformist Muslims, feminist Muslims, gay Muslims, dissenting voices, minority sects, the Ismailis, the Shia — all these different minorities within the minority of the Muslim community — are immediately betrayed.
How are they betrayed? Because you deprive them of the lexicon, the language to employ against those who are attempting to silence their progressive efforts within their own communities.
You surrender the debate to the extremists…
The sad irony is that in mis-characterizing Muslim reformers and critics of Islam as Islamophobic, and lumping them into the same category as anti-Muslim bigots, we are turning our backs on the very liberal and moderate Muslims around the world who we purport to defend. Maajid refers to these Islamic apologists as the Regressive Left, or well-intentioned liberals who pander to Islamists and tolerate illiberal principles in the name of multiculturalism.
It is important that we are able to critique Islam and its tenets without it being assumed that we are making blanket generalizations about all Muslims. Islam is after all just a religious ideology, and like any other religious ideology, it should not be above scrutiny.
To say there are some tenets of Islam that promote violence does not mean all Muslims are violent. Like any other holy book, the Quran is full of problematic passages that can easily be interpreted through a violent lens and we shouldn't fool ourselves into thinking that Islam is incapable of having followers who do bad things in its name.
The first step to having a productive conversation about terrorism is to call it by its name. The words we use matter and it's a shame that #StopIslamism wasn't the trending hashtag of the day.
Perhaps by the next terrorist attack we will have made some progress.
Now, it's the Celtics.
The Celtics won a last-second victory over the Raptors and the Heat couldn't hold a double-digit lead against the Pistons Saturday. The Celtics moved back into the No. 8 spot and currently a first-round matchup with the No. 1 seed Hawks. It's the third time in as many days the Hawks potential first-round opponent changed. Two games still separate spots No. 7-11 with a week and a half left in the regular season.
The Heat are at the Pacers Sunday in the only game involving the final five teams.
Here's how things stand in the Eastern Conference for the final two spots:
7. Brooklyn (35-41) 22.0 GB 6 games remaining
8. Boston (35-42) 22.5 GB 5 games remaining
9. Miami (34-42) 23.0 GB 6 games remaining
10. Indiana (33-43) 24.0 GB 6 games remaining
11. Charlotte (33-43) 24.0 GB 6 games remaining
Upcoming schedules
Nets: 5 home, 1 away – vs. Trail Blazers April 6, vs. Hawks April 8, vs. Wizards April 10, at Bucks April 12, vs. Bulls April 13, vs. Magic April 15
Celtics: 2 home, 3 away – at Pistons April 8, at Cavaliers April 10, vs. Cavaliers April 12, vs. Raptors April 14, at Bucks April 15
Heat: 4 home, 2 away – at Pacers April 5, vs. Hornets April 7, vs. Bulls April 9, vs. Raptors April 11, vs. Magic April 14, at 76ers April 15
Pacers: 3 home, 3 away – vs. Heat April 5, at Knicks April 8, at Pistons April 10, vs. Thunder April 12, vs. Wizards April 14, at Grizzlies April 15
Hornets: 2 home, 4 away – at Heat April 7, vs. Raptors April 8, at Hawks April 10, at Pistons April 12, vs. Rockets April 13, at Raptors April 15
When people ask questions about PD, they tend to ask me about the same things:) One of the most frequently asked ones is “Will there be an iOS version of Pixel Dungeon?”. Sometimes I just answer “No”, sometimes I try to explain why not. For a long time I was going to publish a list of reasons why there won't be iOS version of the game, so I could answer these questions simply by giving a link to it. Here it is, the items are arranged in order from less important to most important:
I have very limited experience of development for iOS. I created only very basic applications (not games) and it was several years ago.
I don't like iOS development: I think that both Objective-C and Xcode are ugly.
Creating an iOS version of PD means creating it almost from scratch, implementing again all those enchantments and quests, UI and visual effects, AI and level generation algorithms etc. That's not fun.
If I wanted to start developing for iOS, I would have to invest a lot of money in it: developer's license - 100$/year, actual iOS device - at least 300$ for iPod touch, Mac - 2000$ for decent specs.
But perhaps there will be Pixel Dungeon for iOS after all. As I mentioned earlier I have started to work on a new game (mostly just sketching and planning atm) and I want to do everything right this time:) “Doing everything right” includes many things and one of them is ability to release it on several platforms, at least on Android and iOS. And since I'll have to go to the expense, maybe I will try firstly to practice on something familar i.e. Pixel Dungeon.
By Scott Gunn
As we take stock of the recently concluded General Convention, it would be easy to follow the lead of mass media and place emphasis on the election of Bishop Michael Curry as our next Presiding Bishop or the authorization of liturgies for same-sex marriage. Both of these stories are indeed very important and worthy of much exploration. But I think there was a bigger one.
Jesus was front and center at General Convention this time around. Of course, he's been with us at every General Convention since 1785, but I suspect we have been more or less attuned to his presence over the years. In 2015, lots of us noticed him, and nearly everyone talked about him.
It started even before we all met up in Salt Lake City. At Forward Movement, we decided to make wristbands bearing the hashtag #JesusAtGC. We wanted to encourage people to keep an eye out for Jesus and share him on social media from Convention. Certainly, Forward Movement is not responsible for Jesus showing up, but our focus on Jesus is part of the same “Jesus Movement” that is sweeping through our church.
Advertisement
Jesus was given top billing in another way before we gathered. As Susan Snook and I wrote in The Living Church (“Yearning for Transformation”), a group of clergy and lay leaders wrote “A Memorial to the Church,” commending us to give up our lives in the church so that we might find life in Jesus Christ — to give up our allegiance to institutions, egos, causes, and structures. Along with the memorial, our group offered ten resolutions to implement its vision. These “Episcopal Resurrection” resolutions helped to shape conversation at Convention.
A number of circumstances have conspired to put us in the place we now find ourselves, and I am grateful to be there. Our church has been nudged out of complacency by financial pressures, as we can no longer pretend we are the comfortable, establishment church. Our church is weary of battles over what many people (but not all) see as second-order matters. Our church is seeing generational shifts in leadership as millennials and Generation X leaders focus their energy in different ways. Our church has benefitted from more and more people reading the Scriptures, making space for God to speak to the Church through the Word.
Our next Presiding Bishop wants to be known as a Chief Evangelism Officer, and he talks about Jesus at every opportunity. His own transformed life is evident in his preaching and in nearly every conversation with him.
What strikes me as truly remarkable, though, is the budget deliberation in the House of Deputies. In conventions past, once the budget was presented, it was almost never amended, because it is a carefully crafted, balanced document, juggling competing demands which exceed our limited resources. This time it was different.
As presented, the budget already had $2 million for racial reconciliation work, $3 million for expanded Mission Enterprise Zone grants, and $750,000 for digital evangelism initiatives. Several of us worked together to amend the budget. Frank Logue got the mic, and he offered an amendment which added about $2.8 million to our endowment draw (taking it to 5.5% from its current 5.0%) and investing $2.8 million in evangelism initiatives, especially to fund Latino/Hispanic evangelism (A086) and church planting work (D005). Much to my delight and surprise, this amendment, this bold investment, passed both houses. This kind of risk for the Gospel, small though it was, could only be possible with this convention's constant drumbeat of Christ and him crucified.
Other Episcopal Resurrection resolutions fared well. The Memorial itself is commended for sharing and study in the church (A179). The resolution on church planting (D005) was passed, and thanks to the budget amendment, funded at a solid level. Online digital evangelism (B009) was passed and funded. Congregational revitalization was passed without funding (D009). Our proposal to allow dioceses to collaborate by sharing a Commission on Ministry passed (D007), though our provision to allow two or more dioceses to share a bishop was stripped out by the House of Bishops. A constitutional amendment to allow two dioceses to merge even when one of them is without a bishop passed on a first reading (D003). Another constitutional change to allow the House of Bishops and the House of Deputies to sit, deliberate, or vote together was passed on a first reading (D008). A task force will study the episcopal discernment and election process (D004). Lastly, D013 passed, which means that our budget process will be clarified.
Not every Episcopal Resurrection resolution fared so well. D010 offered a plan to clarify the roles of our churchwide leaders, geared around the idea of an executive director to lead staff. That was a non-starter, and the structure committee worked on TREC's A004 instead. I think our church has made good progress on this front with greater communication and mutual accountability for our leaders, staff, and council. This will free up staff and leaders to focus more on the Jesus Movement and less on turf and stasis. Also, we proposed D011, which would have eliminated provinces, largely a vestige of horse-and-buggy thinking when we live in the age of Twitter. While the idea to eliminate provinces immediately didn't fly, a group is going to look closely at provinces and their effectiveness. I think their days are numbered, which will free up resources for more agile networking.
Many of these proposals were scaled back (the President of the House of Deputies will not receive a stipend, as we had proposed), but the sheer boldness of all this work taken together exceeds what I could have imagined. Our church was willing to be adventurous for the Gospel. It turns out that all that Jesus talk was more than just talk.
Let us hope that spirit continues and even grows during the triennium. Let us hope that our whole church recommits to following Jesus in our lives, in our congregations, and into the world. If we can manage that even occasionally, church vitality and health will be the inevitable result.
The Rev. Canon Scott Gunn is a executive director of Forward Movement.
He really is a bigoted ass. Playing the birther card and the race, and religion, card all simultaneously. Huck today:
And I have said many times, publicly, that I do think he has a different worldview and I think it is, in part, molded out of a very different experience. Most of us grew up going to Boy Scout meetings and, you know, our communities were filled with Rotary Clubs, not madrassas.
With all due respect to Arkansans, Huckabee's worldview, as compared to those of us who grew up in the north, was growing up in communities filled with the Ku Klux Klan.
In Arkansas and elsewhere, the Klan opposed bootleggers, and in 1922, two hundred Klan members set fire to saloons in Union County. The national Klan office was finally established in Dallas, Texas, but Little Rock, Arkansas was the home of the Women of the Ku Klux Klan. The first head of this auxiliary was a former president of the Arkansas WCTU.
If the man is going to throw stones, let's throw stones.
And exactly what part of Huckabee's worldview made him soft on rape?
As fans gathered on Rockefeller Plaza in Manhattan, Al Roker pulled up in a big red delivery truck, ready to give America what it wanted: Twinkies.
The snack cakes flew through the air into the crowd pressed against metal barriers. One man shoved cream-filled treats into his mouth. Another “Today” host tucked Twinkies into the neckline of her dress.
Across the nation in the summer of 2013, there was a feeding frenzy for Twinkies. The iconic snack cake returned to shelves just months after Hostess had shuttered its bakeries and laid off thousands of workers. The return was billed on “Today” as “the sweetest comeback in the history of ever.”
Nowhere was it sweeter, perhaps, than at the investment firms Apollo Global Management and Metropoulos & Company, which spent $186 million in cash to buy some of Hostess's snack cake bakeries and brands in early 2013.
Synopsis via gundam.info For the grand opening of "G-Quest," Yuuma Kousaka and Minato Sakai are invited to The Gundam Base Tokyo to be its first challengers. G-Quest is a new Gunpla Battle attraction, in which the goal is to clear an event set up by the battle system. Yuuma sets the Gundam Lightning Black Warrior in his GP Base, while Minato chooses the Gundam Dryon III. The time limit is ten minutes! The two of them begin their attempt to break into a secret base protected by countless Gunpla and destroy a new mobile suit that is under construction, before their time runs out.
The second episode of the Gundam Build Fighters Battlogue will be streaming at Amazon Prime video at an earlier time, then it will be streaming for free at Bandai Hobby Official Website, Gundam Fan Club App, Bandai Channel, Gundam Build Fighters Official Website, and Gundam.info on same day September 8, 2017 [Friday] afterwards.
(Image: Max Dereta/Getty)
Do you have an annoying friend who loves bungee jumping or hang-gliding, and is always blathering on about how it never scares them? Rather than being a macho front, their bravado may have a biological basis.
Research from Stony Brook University in New York shows that not all risk-takers are cut from the same cloth. Some actually seem to feel no fear – or at least their bodies and brains don't respond to danger in the usual way. The study is the first to attempt to tease apart the differences in the risk-taking population.
In order to ensure every participant was a card-carrying risk-taker, the team led by Lilianne Mujica-Parodi, recruited 30 first-time skydivers. “Most studies on sensation-seeking compare people who take risks and people who don't. We were interested in something more subtle – those who take risks adaptively and those who do so maladaptively.” In other words, do all risk-takers process potential danger in the same way or do some ignore the risks more than others?
Advertisement
To find out, the researchers got their participants to complete several personality questionnaires, including one that asked them to rank how well statements such as, “The greater the risk the more fun the activity,” described them.
Off-kilter circuit
Next, the team used fMRI imaging to observe whether the participants' corticolimbic brain circuit – which is involved in risk assessment – was well-regulated. A well-regulated circuit is one that reacts to a threat and then returns to a normal state afterwards.
To test this, a loud, unpleasant noise was made as the skydivers lay in the scanner. They were also shown a series of faces – some aggressive, some less so – to test their threat perception. And on the day of the jump, the team measured a stress hormone called cortisol in spit samples collected before and after.
They found that people with better regulation were better at recognising threat in angry faces. They also showed larger increases in stress hormones. Conversely, poor regulation was linked with poorer threat recognition and smaller hormone rises. “The fewer people regulated their corticolimbic system, the more muted a stress response they showed,” says co-author Jiook Cha.
While the study didn't look at fear itself, an emotion that is difficult to measure objectively, the dampened stress hormones and lesser response to threat of some skydivers suggest that they were less affected by it.
No fear
“It really has to do with the reckless and the brave,” says Bruce McEwen at Rockefeller University, New York, who wasn't involved with the work. The brave feel fear but are able to overcome it, whereas the reckless seem to have a brain that doesn't react as it should to alert them to danger, he says.
Being able to tell the brave and the reckless apart is important in fields like the military, says Mujica-Parodi. A healthy amount of fear is necessary; those who have none may put their own lives at risk as well as the lives of others around them.
Some types of military recruitment involve personality tests but Mujica-Parodi's results show that brain scans are a better test. “The brain is much more predictive of how people will respond to genuine risk than just asking them,” she says. In certain high-stakes scenarios, therefore, it might be worth complementing psychological screening with neurobiological screening, to help to distinguish the brave from the reckless.
Journal reference: NeuroImage, DOI: 10.1016/j.neuroimage.2014.08.038
Exclusive: the two Melbourne troubadours unite for a gentle new rendition of the Archie Roach classic Charcoal Lane ahead of its 25 year anniversary
Archie Roach's debut solo album Charcoal Lane, co-produced by Paul Kelly and Steve Connolly in 1990, was celebrated for its affecting songwriting and broaching the struggles of contemporary Indigenous Australians.
With songs like Took The Children Away, the original release was a deeply personal affair that Roach said was often “misunderstood”. He told journalist Wayne Coolwell, “what happened to me and what I wrote about was just about [myself] Archie Roach as a person. Granted as an Aboriginal person but as Archie Roach. So a lot of my songs I write now, I'd rather be seen as a singer-songwriter.”
A gentle new rendition of the album's titular song brings Kelly into the studio along with Melbourne troubadour Courtney Barnett. It features on a 25 year anniversary edition of Charcoal Lane, with other covers by Briggs, Gurrumul, Dewayne Everettsmith, Emma Donovan and Dan Sultan.
• The 25th anniversary edition of Charcoal Lane will be released on 6 November
Veteran Rank 16 – Some Context
So by now most players will know that ZOS plans to increase the level cap to Veteran Rank 16 with Update 7. This planned change has caught a lot of players by surprise given the hints earlier in the year (and even in 2014) that Veteran Ranks would be removed entirely and replaced with a different system.
I have collected some of the community response to this decision, both positive and negative, along with some context information to understand the situation a little better. I am neither for nor against anything here and I don't want to argue one way or the other in this article, just provide some context. I haven't included everything there is to know about Veteran Ranks and I may have even forgotten something. You can comment below if you notice something I have missed.
Beta And Release
Way back in the time of the early beta there were no Veteran Ranks or Veteran System. This changed when players found that they could not travel to, or complete the quests of, the other Alliances. Players would be forced to create alternate characters to do these quests and could not complete them on one character. Players complained about this issue and ZOS took notice and attempted to find a way so that players could complete all of the content that ESO has to offer on a single character, if they want to.
The result was the introduction of the Veteran Ranks.
This system was added to the existing levels in a way so that once a character completes their home Alliance quests and zones they would move on and complete the other two Alliance quests and zones. Instead of adding tons of levels up to 150, ZOS opted for the Veteran Ranks instead. The Veteran Ranks would take a long time to level up because they had to last through all of the content in the other two Alliances which would typically level a character up 50 times.
The Veteran Ranks at this time used Veteran Points to level which were different and separate to normal XP gained. It took quite a while to gain enough Veteran Points to level all the way to Veteran Rank 10 which was the level cap at the time.
Craglorn
Craglorn was introduced in May 2014 and was an entirely new zone designed for high level groups. The update for Craglorn also included an increase of the level cap to Veteran Rank 12. The XP from completing Craglorn was designed to take a character to this new level cap. Players did begin to experience problems, however, as not everyone could find a group to complete Craglorn and felt left behind.
More and more players were beginning to notice the length of time it takes to level up Veteran Ranks as well. Making alternate characters also presented a problem as these characters had to repeat the same quests of all three Alliances just to get to Veteran Rank 10. This took a considerable amount of time. At this time the Veteran Rank zones were also much harder to complete than they are at the moment and on average monsters had higher Health and did more damage than they currently do now.
Veteran Rank Changes
In July 2014 ZOS announced that it would be doing a pretty big change to the Veteran Ranked zones to make them a little easier. This change was brought about because a number of players found that the Veteran Ranks were too much of a departure from levels 1 to 50 and became much more difficult. ZOS states that the Veteran Zones were designed to be completed with a group of other players, especially the World Bosses and Delves. In response ZOS changed the difficultly of all VR zones and reduced monsters Health and damage to facilitate solo players as well.
From ZOS: Starting next week on Monday, July 7th, you'll see the first significant change we're making to the Veteran System. We're implementing some balance changes to content in post level 50 zones that will make it much more like the content from levels 1 to 50. Our goal is to remove the feeling of “hitting a wall of difficulty” that many of you have expressed. You'll be able to solo much more easily. This is just the first of many large scale changes coming to ESOs Veteran System.
Update 4 And VR14
By the time that September 2014 came around the problems of the Veteran Ranks were well known. In Update 4, ZOS increased to level cap once again to Veteran Rank 14 but also reduced the amount of XP required to level those last 2 Veteran Ranks.
Patch Notes: In order to provide for new itemization and to ensure a better feeling of achievement in Dragonstar Arena, Sanctum Ophidia, and Upper Craglorn, the maximum Veteran Rank has been increased to Veteran Rank 14. We have also reduced the Veteran Point cost for Veteran Ranks 13 and 14 so it takes less time to progress through those ranks.
As you can see Update 4 also contained new content – Upper Craglorn, Dragonstar Arena and Sanctum Ophidia.
In October 2014 ZOS stated that Veteran Rank changes were in the works and would come in Update 5.
From ZOS: We want to remove the Veteran Ranks from the game and rely on the more active progression provided by the Champion System. However, when we release the Champion System we will continue to maintain Veteran Ranks. We have several options as to how we will remove Veteran Ranks but all of them require time and careful planning. In the meantime, we are making Veteran Ranks earned by XP and reducing the overall time it takes to get a Veteran Rank.
Guild Summit
In October 2014 ZOS hosted a Guild Summit in which the leaders of 20 guilds and online communities were able to meet up and discuss the future of ESO. The Champion System was discussed here as the replacement to the Veteran Ranks. You can take a look at coverage of the Guild Summit on Tamriel Foundry and there are also videos and audio from the summit available on YouTube.
It was made clear that “the Champion System will be introduced later on, and at first both the Champion and Veteran Systems will co-exist for a short time, with the ultimate goal of replacing the Veteran System entirely”.
Update 5
In November 2014 Update 5 was released and included Crafting Writs, scaled Group Dungeons and the removal of Veteran Points. The Veteran Ranks would now be gained through normal, regular XP like levels 1 to 50. The amount of XP to get a Veteran Rank was set at 1,432,550 XP.
Patch Notes: We have been tracking Experience gains past maximum Veteran Rank on accounts in preparation for the Champion System. Veteran Ranks are now earned by Experience Points instead of Veteran Points. From this moment on, Veteran Points shall be banished from the land of Tamriel. When a Veteran Rank is earned, you will be rewarded with an Attribute Point and a Skill Point. Reduced the amount of Health, Magicka, and Stamina rewarded on a Veteran Rank gain by 35% to compensate for the new Attribute Points rewarded.
Veteran Ranks were being integrated into the normal levels and the transition from level 1 to 50 was becoming smoother. As you can see the Champion System is being mentioned here. This was the system which was designed to take ESO away from Veteran Ranks and present a better, more horizontal and active levelling experience. Of course the Champion System would take time, so in the meantime Veteran Ranks would stay. It was also stated that in the beginning of the Champion System the Veteran Ranks would remain so as to ensure a smooth transition. All items in ESO have a level and removing the Veteran Ranks would cause a lot of problems with these systems.
In Patch 1.5.4 which went live near the end of November 2014, ZOS decreased the amount of XP needed to earn a Veteran Rank from 1,432,550 to just 1,000,000 XP.
Update 6 – The Champion System
Update 6 was a huge update that had many different features. The Justice System and the Champion System launched in this update along with a host of balance changes and system improvements. The Champion System turned out to be a system which exists on top of the Veteran Rank system and unlocks for characters when they reach Veteran Rank 1. This was part of the plan and eventually Veteran Ranks would be removed. The Champion System provided another method of character advancement to help players get through the Veteran Levels.
The Champion System turned out a little different to what some players were expecting and some members of the ESO community feel that the Champion System as it is forces players to grind monsters for long periods of time in order to stay ahead. Players also have expressed concerns that the power gap between a long time player and a relatively new player is widening to such an extent that new players will never be able to compete.
The introduction of XP potions was made in June 2015 with the Psijic Ambrosia. Some players feel that in order to compete they must grind monsters with the help of this potion in order to gain the most amount of Champion Points possible. There are also players who like the Champion System as it is and feel that it rightly rewards players who spend more time in ESO.
Update 7
In Update 7 ZOS will add two more Veteran Ranks – 15 and 16 – and increase the level cap again. This is a temporary solution before the eventual removal of the Veteran Ranks in the future. A number of players were unhappy with this change as ZOS has repeatedly stated their intention to remove the Veteran Rank system altogether. It should be noted that Update 7 also includes a reduction in the XP it takes to level a Veteran Rank and increases to XP gained from Veteran quests, Public Dungeons and activity in Craglorn. These changes should, in fact, make levelling Veteran Ranks much easier for a lot of players even with the rise of the level cap.
ZOS has repeated that it is the long term plan to remove Veteran Ranks from ESO and design a better system of late game progression. They also realise that in order to make a system that works time is required and in the meantime they felt it was necessary to increase the level cap with the introduction of new content like the Imperial City.
Response
It is safe to say that the most visible response to the introduction of VR 16 has been negative. Of course we can't know what the majority of players thinks or feel as they are busy playing the game. Here is a selection from the community. These are just a selection of quotes from the articles or discussions not the full articles themselves.
The Laymans Conversation Thread on the Veteran System
By TeijiSenpai
The Veteran Rank System eliminates player choice in choosing to progress through the other faction content. You may not choose which factions content you do next.
You may not choose to not do them.
If you want to make a character in every faction and only do that factions content with them, it's very inefficient because of the design of the Veteran Rank system.
You are forced to progress through other faction content if you want to efficiently increase your power level through levelling up. By TeijiSenpaiThe Veteran Rank System eliminates player choice in choosing to progress through the other faction content.
The Day ESO Dies
By Deltia
Within the same breath, Eric Wrobel said they still have long term plans of removing Veteran Ranks (VR), but for the new content they are increasing it by two, thus making end game VR 16. At this point, I think it's clear that Veteran Ranks aren't going away, ANYTIME in the future…
I have eight VR 14s and the problem I have with this isn't the time investment to re-level all those characters, or the fully legendary gear, but the constant deception about not adding more Veteran Ranks.I have defended their decisions as a business model constantly but this is one I cannot ignore. Adding Veteran Ranks is not content, it's busy work…
I don't want to leave this game, this is my absolute favorite thing to do. I've (not had) such an emotional attachment to the land of Tamriel that I won't let it go just yet. But I'm not going to sit back and let another level increase happen without a true fix to the underlying problem, the Champion System. By DeltiaWithin the same breath, Eric Wrobel said they still have long term plans of removing Veteran Ranks (VR), but for the new content they are increasing it by two, thus making end game VR 16. At this point, I think it's clear that Veteran Ranks aren't going away, ANYTIME in the future…I have eight VR 14s and the problem I have with this isn't the time investment to re-level all those characters, or the fully legendary gear, but the constant deception about not adding more Veteran Ranks.I have defended their decisions as a business model constantly but this is one I cannot ignore. Adding Veteran Ranks is not content, it's busy work…I don't want to leave this game, this is my absolute favorite thing to do. I've (not had) such an emotional attachment to the land of Tamriel that I won't let it go just yet. But I'm not going to sit back and let another level increase happen without a true fix to the underlying problem, the Champion System.
Do You Support VR16 Poll
By GorraShatan
Yes: 51 Votes / 44%
No: 48 Votes / 41%
Other: 16 Votes / 13%
By GorraShatanYes: 51 Votes / 44%No: 48 Votes / 41%Other: 16 Votes / 13%
Yes to VR16
By Elijah_Crow
ZOS_JessicaFolsom:
Thanks for sharing some of the specific details from today's show, Elijah_Crow. To clarify, the Veteran Rank increase is planned to roll out with the release of Imperial City. By Elijah_CrowZOS_JessicaFolsom:Thanks for sharing some of the specific details from today's show, Elijah_Crow. To clarify, the Veteran Rank increase is planned to roll out with the release of Imperial City.
No to VR16
ZOS_JessicaFolsom:
We'll talk more about the the Veteran Rank increase, including the newly added benefits and vision behind doing so, when we start going into specifics about Imperial City later this month. ZOS_JessicaFolsom:We'll talk more about the the Veteran Rank increase, including the newly added benefits and vision behind doing so, when we start going into specifics about Imperial City later this month.
VR16 Confirmed
By Neizir
Eric Wrobel has announced on ESO Live that the level cap is being increased to VR16 in Update 7. Twitch chat has gone into a frenzy. By NeizirEric Wrobel has announced on ESO Live that the level cap is being increased to VR16 in Update 7. Twitch chat has gone into a frenzy.
There are, of course, tons more discussions, podcasts, responses and so forth going on right now. Feel free to have your say in the comments below.
In an interview with Time magazine for its Person Of The Year issue, President-elect Donald Trump said something... true?
“Well sometimes you have to prime the pump,” Trump told the Time editors, referring to the government's role in helping the economy. “So sometimes in order to get the jobs going and the country going, because look, we're at 1% growth.”
“I was talking to the head of a major country, because most of them have called me and I've talked to all of them,” he went on. “[They said,] ‘Yes, we are doing not well, not well. Our GDP is only 4.5%.' I said wow, if our GDP was 4.5% we'd be the happy ― I mean our GDP is probably less than 1% if you think about it. And going in the wrong direction.”
OK, well, that last part is wrong. The United States' real GDP grew 3.2 percent in the third quarter of this year, which was better than the 1.4 percent growth the country experienced in the second quarter. But whatever. The point is that with his talk of “priming the pump,” Trump appears to be embracing the version of Keynesian economic theory that has dominated American policymaking since World War II.
The idea is pretty simple: When the economy gets into a rut, the government can get it out by spending money. Hiring workers to fix bridges and paint schoolhouses puts money in their pockets, which they can, in turn, go out and spend on other goods. Retailers can thus afford to employ workers to sell those goods, who in turn can spend their pay on other things, and off we go. The economy grows.
Republicans have made a show of rejecting this idea since President Barack Obama took office in 2009. House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.), Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) and others have insisted that government spending is economic poison, and that a responsible government can somehow cut its way to growth. This is what much of Europe has been trying to do since the financial crisis, with lousy economic (and political) results.
Trump has talked like a Keynesian before. During the campaign, he vowed to implement a $550 billion infrastructure project, and basically said he would borrow money to pay for it. That's what Obama did with his 2009 stimulus package, but Republicans voted against it, denounced it and insisted the country was headed for a “debt crisis” that never actually materialized.
Conservatives condemn big budget deficits and government spending when Democrats are in power, but they tend to govern as militarist Keynesians, slashing taxes and spending big on defense. “Reagan proved that deficits don't matter,” Vice President Dick Cheney once said, while pursuing exactly those policies, which Ryan voted for.
This African avocado salad makes a healthy and flavoursome diabetic lunch idea. Quick, healthy salad for lunch on-the-go.
.
This African avocado salad makes a healthy and flavoursome diabetic lunch idea. Quick, healthy salad for lunch on-the-go.
It's light. It's healthy and good for you. It's easy to make. So easy, recipe not required. Just chop and toss and It's good to go.
And the star in this recipe – avocado. Full of good fat, vitamins and anti-oxidants. Yet, creamy, buttery and melt-in-your-mouth. The Kenyan version of this recipe includes tomatoes and onions (so good you should try it!). But in this recipe, its all about the avocado.
I am sold.
.
.
African Avocado Salad Print Recipe Add to Meal Plan: Select Course to Add: Breakfast Lunch Dinner This recipe has been added to your Meal Plan Servings Prep Time 2 people 10 minutes Servings Prep Time 2 people 10 minutes African Avocado Salad Print Recipe Add to Meal Plan: Select Course to Add: Breakfast Lunch Dinner This recipe has been added to your Meal Plan Servings Prep Time 2 people 10 minutes Servings Prep Time 2 people 10 minutes Ingredients 50 g spinach
1 avocado pitted and sliced into large chunks
8 cherry tomatoes
30 g gruyère cheese diced or sliced lengthwise. Substitute with Gouda or any soft cheese
1 tbsp olive oil extra virgin
0.5 lemon half a lemon
sunflower seeds a handful
croutons a handful
salt to taste
pepper to taste Units: Metric US Imperial Instructions Add spinach and rocket salad leaves to a bowl. Peel and pit the avocado, and cut into large chunks. Add to bowl. Scatter the cherry tomatoes, slices of cheese, and sunflower seeds onto the salad. In a different bowl, combine the juice of half a lemon, extra virgin olive oil, salt and pepper. Shake to mix thoroughly
.
Is this recipe right for you?
.
Nutrition Facts African Avocado Salad Amount Per Serving Calories 314 Calories from Fat 243 % Daily Value* Total Fat 27g 42% Saturated Fat 6g 30% Trans Fat 0.2g Polyunsaturated Fat 3g Monounsaturated Fat 15g Cholesterol 14mg 5% Sodium 255mg 11% Potassium 663mg 19% Total Carbohydrates 14g 5% Dietary Fiber 8g 32% Sugars 1g Protein 8g 16% vitamin A 54% vitamin C 39% Calcium 17% Iron 8% * Percent Daily Values are based on a 2000 calorie diet.
The information shown is an estimate, and does not replace a professional nutritionist's advice.
vice..
.
Did you make this recipe?
Please let me know how it turned out for you. Leave a comment below and share a picture on Instagram with the hashtag #africaonyourplate.
Related posts:
- Funeral arrangements have been announced for the New Jersey state trooper killed in a head-on crash.
Trooper Frankie Williams, 31, was on a call, heading northbound on Route 55 in Millville at 6:59pm Monday.
That's when the driver of a Toyota Corolla heading south – apparently also at a high rate of speed -- crossed the grass median, into the northbound lanes, hitting Trooper Williams' patrol car head-on.
The driver of the second car has been identified as Lloyd Rudley, 61, of Elmer New Jersey. Rudley was pronounced dead at the scene.
According to police, Rudley's car matched witness descriptions of a vehicle that was driving erratically in the area. Trooper Williams was responding to the erratic driver complaint at the time of the crash.
Trooper Williams was flown to Cooper University Hospital in Camden where he later died.
State Police say 31-year-old Williams just joined the force in January and was quick on his feet. Over the summer, he broke a car window to save a dog locked inside on a hot summer day. He was assigned to Port Norris Station in Cumberland County.
Williams was a newlywed, just married in September. He graduated from George Jenkins High School in Lakeland, Florida, in 2001.
Trooper Williams was the third South Jersey trooper killed on the job in the past year.
Funeral Arrangements:
First Visitation
When Monday, December 12th, 2016, 8:00am - 10:00am
Location
Atlantic City Boardwalk Hall
Address
Pacific Avenue
Atlantic City, NJ
08401
Additional Information Viewing will be held from 8am-10am for friends and family. Viewing from 10am til 12pm will be for Law Enforcement.
Second Visitation
When Monday, December 12th, 2016, 10:00am - 12:00pm
Location
Atlantic City Boardwalk Hall
Address
Pacific Avenue
Atlantic City, NJ
08401
Additional Information Viewing will be held from 8am-10am for friends and family. Viewing from 10am til 12pm will be for Law Enforcement.
Service Information
When
Monday, December 12th, 2016, 12:00pm
Location
Atlantic City Boardwalk Hall
Address
Pacific Avenue
Atlantic City, NJ
08401
Interment Information
Location
Holy Cross Cemetery (Mays Landing)
Address
5061 Harding Highway
Mays Landing, NJ
08330
(Today's guest post is written by language coach Aaron Myers, who shared a story with me of writing and mailing letters to his future self between the ages of 25-50. Blown away by that, I asked him to write to share his story.)
Benny's blog post, What I Would Say to Myself Five Years Ago and Five Years From Now reminded me of my own letter writing adventure.
While Benny's letters were inspired by a writing project called #trust30 and Corbett Barr's question, my journey began with fear and has lead to a life filled with receiving letters from myself. In the beginning though, it began with a conversation.
It was 1995. I was twenty one, a junior in college and preeminently occupied with the idealistic irrationality of youth. But then one night I got scared. I was enjoying a good talk under an expanse of Kansas stars with a friend. Conversation ranged in and out of dreams and challenges and faith and eventually, our fears.
Chris shared her heartache over a relationship with a father who – while a good man – never really understood her. They were like two strangers, who after sharing a home for eighteen years, had now parted company. She cried at the loss. And I shook with fear.
The proclamation that her father did not know her set me back and I wondered at the overwhelming challenge that one day fatherhood would bring.
That night as I walked through quiet streets to my apartment on the edge of town, I decided that I did not want that lot in life. I determined to do something to avoid such a fate, to avoid raising a daughter with whom I had no relationship.
And so I did what any reasonable English major would do.
I got out a sheaf of college ruled paper, brewed a pot of coffee and wrote a long letter of challenge and encouragement and warning to myself to be received on the day my first daughter was born.
After finishing that letter, a half a pot of coffee remained and I still had a chest full of hopes and fears. My biggest hope at the time was to get married and to someday have a family.
This prompted a letter to a wife I did not know, introducing her to the 21 year old version of the man she was marrying. Next I wrote a letter to my first child on his or her 16th birthday, sharing my hopes and dreams for their future and urging them to call me back to a life of passionate purpose if it seemed I had slipped into a life middle aged sleep walking.
And this was my biggest fear at the time, of one day turning 35 and discovering that I had grown apathetic and dull and had lost the passion, faith and sense of purpose I had as a twenty one year old. And since there was ample evidence around me that this was a path down which too many adults traveled, I set about writing letters to myself at 25, 30, 35, 40, 45 and 50.
Those letters were letters of exhortation. I received my third letter on my 35th birthday two years ago and have it with me here in Turkey. “Happy 35th.” it begins, “You're getting old.” As I read through it, I am amused by my 21 year old self. But the challenges rings true. Here are a few of the things I wrote:
Remember back to your junior year and your life of faith.
Don't stop growing.
Don't grow old and apathetic.
If your heart has stopped breaking for the poor and needy, find it in you again.
If you're married, love your wife like no other.
Love your kids. Give them your time, not stuff.
If you have a daughter, remember your talk Chris.
These exhortations and others greet me as a forced reflection on life, causing me to stop and take stock and reconsider what it means to live from the passionate core of who I have been called to be. For me that core was and still is a core centered in life giving faith. All life flows from that core and makes me who I am. For others it may be something else. For all of us though, as Steven Pressfield reminds us, “there is an enemy.”
I believe this enemy works to defeat us with what Chris Guillebeau has called “a contagious pattern of settling for what is good enough.” We must fight against this, against the natural tendency toward complacency and the slow death of losing focus.
Writing letters to our future selves can be for us the immunization we need against this plague of mediocrity. That is what it has been for me. Each time I have received one, it has been a transforming experience of remembering what is important, of reflecting on where I'm at and of thinking about the years to come.
Each letter has a sticky note with instructions and I have placed them in the charge of my mom who has faithfully mailed each one on time.
I remember my wife's eyes when she looked up twelve years ago from the letter I had written her as a young college student. I received my “daughter” letter five years ago when Sonora was born. I'll receive my next letter when I turn 40.
I've grown a lot from my 21 year old self. I've learned to recognize that many that I looked down upon as stuck in a life of mediocrity, were really leading passionate lives of direction and purpose. My father was one of those. I have heard too many testimonies of his impact on the lives of others to doubt it any longer.
The thing that most impresses me about my twenty one year old self, is that I focused the letters not on a my future vocation or on a bucket list or anything really pertaining to what I would do. These things are important, but they are at the peripheral of the core, of who I would become. Who I am is much more important than what I do.
I would encourage you to consider this exercise. Think about those things that are most important to you, about family, about dreams, about the core of who you are.
Brew a cup of coffee, grab a pen and paper, and write. Write to yourself. Write to those you love. Leave a legacy in the future that will call you back to those things which are most important in life.
Written by Aaron Myers. Aaron believes everyone can learn another language. You just need a little help. That's why he writes The Everyday Language Learner and why he has developed the soon-to-be released EDLL Guide to Getting Started, a new eGuide including three great interviews, twenty audio lessons and much more. Stop by the site and check it out.
Photo by cicciofarmaco
A relatively quiet week ensued, after the Election Contest Court's Monday ruling, but a few pertinent if seemingly unrelated events did transpire. I'll cover two events, as reported by the two major Minnesota papers, and present the time frame for Norm Coleman's potential appeal to the MN Supreme Court.
Our first event features a meeting between Norm Coleman and the Minneapolis Star Tribune's Editorial Board. The meeting took place on April 16th, and a small portion of the video has been posted online at the Star Tribune website. The excerpt shows Norm Coleman visibly upset over the Star Tribune's conduct, with regard to the allegations of money laundering, in the days directly preceding the election. I covered the allegations back in November, if you're curious about the backstory.
It'll be interesting to see if the Star Tribune alters their reporting procedures in the coming weeks to make amends; even though they already tend to lean right.
Our next story involves another act of vandalism levied against Norm Coleman's house; as reported by the Pioneer Press:
St. Paul police are investigating after eggs were thrown at former U.S. Sen. Norm Coleman's house in the Crocus Hill neighborhood. It happened about 9:20 p.m. Tuesday, according to a police report that recorded the incident as misdemeanor criminal damage to property. After eggs had hit the front door of Coleman's home in the 600 block of Osceola Avenue, a resident of the home saw a man who appeared to be in his 20s outside, said Peter Panos, police spokesman. The report didn't say who the resident was or whether Coleman was home, Panos said today. The resident then saw the man throw a few more eggs, Panos said. The number of eggs thrown wasn't in the report, he said. The egg thrower wasn't caught, Panos said. Coleman said Wednesday that a young man had bicycled past his home this week and thrown eggs at him. ... Republican Coleman has said he will appeal this week's court ruling that Democrat Al Franken won last year's U.S. Senate race. Source: St. Paul Pioneer Press
I don't know if this is particularly important, but it happened, so I'm reporting it. The last line of the excerpt does however provide a perfect segue. Norm Coleman, lost his election contest, and now he has the opportunity to appeal the ECC's ruling; which he has indicated he will do. Let's began by looking at the relevant law proscribing the time frame in which an appeal must occur:
Subd. 4.Appeal. The judge's decision may be appealed to the Supreme Court no later than ten days after its entry in the case of a general election contest or five days after its entry in the case of a primary contest. The record on appeal must be made, certified, and filed in the Supreme Court within 15 days after service of notice of appeal. The appellant shall file in the district court a bond of $500 for the payment of respondent's costs if appellant fails on appeal. The appeal from an election contest relating to the office of state senator or representative takes precedence over all other matters before the Supreme Court. A copy of the decision must be forwarded to the chief clerk of the house of representatives or the secretary of the senate, as appropriate. Source: § 209.10, 2008 Minnesota Statutes
We know that Coleman has "ten days" to appeal, but the above article makes no reference to calendar days, business days or whatever; so the question then becomes, when does the tenth day occur? Another Minnesota Statute seems to outline the proper interpretation:
6.01 Computation In computing any period of time prescribed or allowed by these rules, by the local rules of any district court, by order of court, or by any applicable statute, the day of the act, event, or default from which the designated period of time begins to run shall not be included. The last day of the period so computed shall be included, unless it is a Saturday, a Sunday, or a legal holiday, or, when the act to be done is the filing of a paper in court, a day on which weather or other conditions have made the office of the court administrator inaccessible, in which event the period runs until the end of the next day which is not one of the aforementioned days. When the period of time prescribed or allowed is less than seven days, intermediate Saturdays, Sundays, and legal holidays shall be excluded in the computation. As used in this rule and in Rule 77(c), "legal holiday" includes any holiday defined or designated by statute. Source: Minnesota Rules of Civil Procedure
The ten day appeal period began on Tuesday, April 14th because the day of the ruling, Monday, "shall not be included." It's not clear whether the judgment was actually legally entered on Monday, as MN Rule 58.01 dictates that order "shall be entered forthwith by the court administrator", which may or may not be the date of filing. There may exist other legal contingencies that could extend the start date for the appeal window. If we assume that the judgment took effect on Monday April 13th, that makes the tenth day Thursday, April 23th as weekends and legal holidays are included because the prescribed time is more than seven days. Therefore, the Notice of Appeal must be filled on or before Thursday, April, 23; unless weather or other extenuating circumstances arise which facilitate the closure of the court offices. In this event, the Notice of Appeal must be filed on the next day the court office is open and this "next day" cannot be a weekend or a legal holiday.
I doubt, the Coleman campaign is in a hurry to file their appeal, my guess is at least Wednesday. In the meantime, Franken will still not be seated in the US Senate without an Election Certificate which, according to MN § 204C.40, cannot be issued until after "a court of proper jurisdiction has finally determined the contest." In the case of an appeal, this would be the MN Supreme Court.
If by next Thursday (or Friday), an appeal is not filed by the Coleman campaign, a Minnesota Election Certificate could be legally issued to Al Franken.
Update [9:31 PM CT]: I clarified some of the appeal deadlines and accounted for other contingencies that could alter the window for appeal.
Linkin Park would like everyone to please shut the fuck up about Hybrid Theory already. In an interview with Music Week, Chester Bennington expressed some frustration over fans comparing Linkin Park's latest music with their debut album. NME points out that he said the following:
We were asked, “What do you think of people who say you sold out?” I don't care… If you like the music, fantastic. If you don't like it, that's your opinion too. Fantastic. If you're saying we're doing what we're doing for a commercial or monetary reason, trying to make success out of some formula… then stab yourself in the face! [Laughs] When we made Hybrid Theory, I was the oldest guy in the band and in my early '20s. That's why I guess I'm like: ‘Why are we still talking about Hybrid Theory? It's fucking years ago. It's a great record, we love it. Like, move the fuck on.' You know what I mean?
All you Hybrid Theory fans out there: time to get over it! Linkin Park have spoken.
Kelsey is my girlfriend, although she hates that term, she doesn't feel like it conveys the seriousness of our relationship. It sounds like something an 8 year old calls a girl in his class that smiles at him. It certainly doesn't convey what we have been through or how much she means to me.
She's been there for me through the whole ordeal with my skin since it started. She's seen me through more bad days than good ones at this point. For that I always feel guilty. She deserves only my best days.
She's to deal with skin flakes on our bed sheets every night, my oozing face being unable to snuggle up to hers and my general whiny, cantankerous mood.
She's helped me through so many different diets, she's done more research on all these diets than I have, figured out delicious recipes for us no matter what the restrictions were and given up the same foods that I have just so I would have someone to eat with.
She's supported me both emotionally and financially for so long I can't believe she hasn't kicked me to the curb by now. Virtues of my cuteness I suppose. Same reason my parents never ate me.
She's just been unbelievable and I can't imagine life without her. And I can't imagine having to watch the person I love going through something that has been so devastating to their health and not being able to do anything about it, and I pray I never have to.
So yes, she is more than my girlfriend, she's more than a wife or a partner too. There's nothing that I can call her that describes how much she means to me.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 28, 2016, 5:29 PM GMT / Updated June 29, 2016, 2:28 AM GMT By Maggie Fox
More than 5,000 water systems across the country are violating rules meant to keep lead out of drinking water, advocates said Tuesday.
While the case in Flint, Michigan has dominated headlines, cities and towns across the U.S. are in similar danger, the Natural Resources Defense Council found in a report.
“We have got millions of Americans drinking water that poses health risks to them and their families,” the NRDC's Erik Olson told reporters on a conference call.
“Our analysis indicates that in 2015, over 18 million people were served by 5,363 community water systems that violated the Lead and Copper Rule,” the NRDC said in a statement.
The Flint Water Plant water tower in Flint, Michigan in March 2016. Carlos Osorio / AP, file
The Environmental protection Agency's Lead and Copper Rule requires water suppliers to test drinking water for lead and warn people if they find it.
“These violations included failures to properly test the water for lead or conditions that could result in lead contamination, failures to report contamination to state officials or the public, and failures to treat the water appropriately to reduce corrosion,” the NRDC said.
Related: Water Testing Woes in Philadelphia
In Flint, lead got into the water starting in 2014 after water suppliers switched the city's water source from the Detroit Water Authority, which pulls water from Lake Huron, to the Flint Water System, which takes it from the Flint River.
Corrosive chemicals from the river ate away a protective layer that kept lead in the pipes from getting into the drinking water.
“We have got millions of Americans drinking water that poses health risks to them and their families."
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirmed last week that blood lead levels in kids living in Flint shot up and stayed high until people were warned not to drink the water and given alternatives.
But that warning came months late to Flint, which is heavily African-American.
“In fact, despite the headlines and national outrage, Michigan's Department of Environmental Quality apparently still has not officially reported Flint to be in violation of the Lead and Copper Rule,” the NRDC said.
There's no safe level of lead, which is highly toxic to nerve cells. Lead can devastate a developing brain. Kids can lose several IQ points, have behavioral difficulties and one study even showed those with severe brain damage may even be more prone to criminal behavior. There's no reversing the damage.
Related: Flint Isn't the First and Won't Be the Last
Water authorities know this but often deliberately do not act on it, advocates say. Replacing lead pipes can be extraordinarily expensive and communities usually don't have the money to do it.
The NRDC report found lead levels of more than 15 parts per billion in homes served by more than 1,000 water systems.
“Sometimes, public water systems fail to properly monitor their water (e.g., by using testing methods or strategies that avoid detecting contamination, as was the case in Flint), so violations are not recorded and reported,” the NRDC said.
Registered Nurse Brian Jones draws a blood sample from Grayling Stefek, 5, at the Eisenhower Elementary School, on Jan. 26, 2016 in Flint, Mich. The students were being tested for lead after the metal was found in the city's drinking water. Carlos Osorio / AP
Other advocate say one way to game the system is to flush the pipes for long minutes at a time before testing, and remove aerators from the faucets that trap or at least slow tiny lead particles, making the water seem more free of lead than it really is.
“In other cases, states fail to correctly document violations,” the report reads.
“States also fail to report known violations into the EPA's database as required by federal law," it added. "According to the EPA's data, states and the EPA took formal enforcement action against just 11.2 percent of the over 8,000 violations that occurred in 2015—leaving 88.8 percent free from any formal enforcement action.”
"Sometimes, public water systems fail to properly monitor their water, so violations are not recorded and reported."
The NRDC said the U.S. needs to spend $1 trillion over the next quarter-century to fix the problems.
“First and foremost, Flint's water infrastructure—in particular thousands of lead service lines and any badly corroded pipes and fittings—must be replaced immediately,” the NRDC said.
“Next, we need significant investment in national water infrastructure. This will address urgent public health needs and create well-paid jobs. Necessary water infrastructure improvements include replacing the more than six million lead service lines nationwide, replacing or repairing decaying or outdated parts of distribution systems, and improving drinking water treatment plants.”
It can be done, Olson said.
"For example, in Michigan, not too far from Flint, there's a city -- Lansing, Michigan -- that just decided to go out and replace all their lead service lines. All of these lead pipes that run underground from people's houses to the water main that are creating a lot of problems. They just went ahead and did it without being required to do so," he told NBC News.
"Other cities, like Madison, Wisconsin have done the same thing. They are pulling all of their lead pipes out of the ground and making the water safer for their customers. So, their our solutions to this problem, and they are doable. We just have to have the will to do them."
And, the group said, Congress needs to fix a law requiring testing for lead in public schools.
“A federal law passed in 1988 requiring water testing in schools and day care centers for lead was struck down by a court ruling that a drafting error rendered it unconstitutional. The error was never corrected,” it said.
People can do something by getting their own homes tested, the NRDC said. “We are urging consumers to contact their water utility to first, ask them to test their home water for lead,” Olson said.
The sound of every hundred raindrops hitting the car was quickly drowned out by the sound of the next hundred. I could barely see the road ahead of me. I kept driving in search of a place to stop. Ten minutes may not seem like a long time but in this storm every second holds the potential for a wreck. So in a long ten minutes, I came by a somewhat nice looking hotel in the midst of all these open fields. Of course, considering the current visibility, my “nice looking” observation did not mean much. I parked in what I hoped was only one parking space and rushed to the front door. I paused to push the wet hair off my face before ringing the doorbell. I took a step back and waited. I started thinking, how many hotels have a doorbell? But how many houses have a parking lot? Just then the door opened to reveal tall man dressed in a navy blue suit and an unnaturally large smile.
“Can I help you?” he asked.
“Yes, I'd like a room please.” I answered.
“A room?” and he began laughing.
Confused, I asked “Is something funny? You have to have at least one room open. I need some place to wait out the storm.”
The overly joyous man responded, “You're the third person to make that mistake today! This is not a hotel. This is my private residence.”
“Oh, my mistake.” I said. I was a little unsure of what to do next. I still needed a place to stay, but I didn't want to intrude. Not only that, but with every passing second this man seemed stranger and stranger. He must have sensed my uncertainty. His enormous smile somehow became even larger as if his smile was smiling. Then he said, “You are welcome to stay here until the storm clears up. Like I said, you are not the first person. Two other guests are already inside.” I glanced over at the parking lot and sure enough, there were two other cars parked there. I decided I was better off taking my chances with the overly joyous man than with the storm.
“Thank you so much,” I said as he stepped aside to let me in. I stood on the entrance mat reluctant to move. The floors were well-kept and I did not want to get rainwater on them.
“Allow me to take your coat,” said the man. I handed him my coat and responded “Thank you mister um…”
“Barnaby is the name! And who do I have the pleasure of meeting today?”
“My name's Quinn. Nice to meet you too.”
He looked at me still smiling, “Right this way young man.”
Young man? I hadn't been called that in a few years. I vigorously wiped my shoes on the entrance mat and followed him down the hallway into an elaborately furnished room where two other guests had made themselves comfortable on the couches. The house was kept scrupulously tidy. The only thing I could see that was out of place was the unnaturally large set of keys placed on the side table next to the lamp. The key ring held more keys than I could count and in fact had several rings attached to each other with more keys on each ring. Why would anyone other than a medieval dungeon master need so many keys? He offered me a variety of refreshments that were readily available, as though he had been expecting company. As the night progressed, the other visitors and I used the time to get to know each other. Meanwhile our gracious host observed silently, interrupting only periodically to ensure we were all comfortable. There was the African American police officer named Finn who had taken some time off to visit his relatives in the next town over. Then there was the young college guy named Seth who was on his way back to school. Seth didn't talk too much either except to make the occasional joke. Like most young people, he spent most of his time on his phone.
As the night progressed, Barnaby stood up and said “Gentlemen, it does not look as though the storm will come to an end any time soon. It appears as though you will need to stay the night. The guest rooms down the east hall are ready for you. Please select whichever you like and do make yourselves at home. I only have one request; down the west hall passed the furnace room is another room with a lock on the door. Please stay away from that room as I do have some personal effects stored in it. With that I bid you good night.” He then rushed off as though he had some important business to attend to.
I stood up. “Well I should be getting to bed as well.” The other two followed my lead. We all said good night to each other and headed into the separate rooms. I took the farthest room, Finn took the next farthest, and Seth took the first room in the hallway. It was a simple yet nice room. Across from the queen sized bed I noticed that the fire place had already been started. I noticed the fireplace in the previous room but I didn't think much of it. Many houses have a fireplace, but who has a fireplace in each room? Especially in the modern day? The construction did not appear to be old at all. In fact, I would guess it was a new construction not more than ten years old. I laid down on the bed. I wasn't ready to sleep yet. The place wasn't sitting well with me. I stared out the window into the darkness. I couldn't see the storm in the dark, but I could still hear the raindrops hurtling down with all the vigor in the world. I needed a way to pass the time. My mind wandered to the one place it was not supposed to go; the locked door passed the furnace room. I remembered the keys on the lamp table. I waited a few minutes to ensure that everyone would be asleep. Then I slowly opened the door, peeking out to make sure the hallway was clear. I could hear Seth snoring as I walked passed his door. In the center room, the light from the fireplace gave me enough light to see the keys still next to the lamp. I walked over and picked them up. I used the light from my phone to guide me down the west hall. I went passed the furnace room and to the end of the hallway where a massive lock was placed on a small door. One by one, I tried all the keys until one of them opened the lock. I stepped inside the room and pulled the string above my head and the lights turned on. It was a closet. There were rows of shelves on the right and left and straight in front of me was a mop and bucket. I quickly began looking through the shelves for anything interesting but all I found was cleaning supplies, towels, soap, detergent, cleaners, sprays etc. I did notice one semi-interesting thing. On the top shelf on the right side I found a large very carefully crafted dagger. The blade was approximately 16 inches long and very sharp. I could almost see my reflection in the steel. That's when I heard footsteps. I turned off the light. I put the dagger back where I found it and quickly shut the door. I fumbled with the lock. It wouldn't lock. The footsteps kept getting closer. I struggled with the lock a bit more until it finally locked. I rushed over to the furnace room and twisted the doorknob only to find that it was locked. Now I could see the small light emanating from the phone in the hands of a man who was making his way over. As he got closer I breathed a sigh of relief as I noticed it was Finn.
“Finn you scared the hell out of me!” I whispered.
“Sorry man, but you're the one who is some place he's not supposed to be.” He responded.
“Well that brings me to the question, what are you doing here?” I asked.
“Same thing you're doing here my friend. So did you take a look in the room?” he asked curiously. I took a minute to explain to him that there were only cleaning supplies. He didn't believe me. I showed him the closet and although we both found the dagger intriguing, we were still disappointed in the whole “adventure”. I placed the keys next to the lamp and we headed back into my room. We began talking about what could have been in that room. In the end, we were just bored and trying to pass the time. While the man and his “private residence” did seem strange, we were both adults. As adults we both knew that more often than not, strange just meant strange. There was probably nothing crazy or news-worthy going on. Finn did say one thing to me that made me think. It was something his grandfather told him, “Sometimes, when we want to find something, we see it even when it isn't there.” I suppose, maybe that's what happened to us tonight, or maybe we really were just that bored.
At some point I fell asleep. When I woke up, I noticed the sun was shining through the window and Finn had fallen asleep in the corner.
“Hey Finn, wake up, the storm is over.” As he woke up and rubbed his eyes; it became obvious to me that he hadn't gotten much sleep.
We headed out of the room and down the hall back into the central room. That is where I saw Seth standing over a dead body in a navy blue suit. The dagger from the cleaning closet had been relocated into Barnaby's neck. Blood was spilling out in every direction from wound site. I made eye contact with Finn and then looked over at Seth.
“I didn't do it. I found him like this. I swear! I know what it looks like but it wasn't me.” The words spilled from his mouth like vomit.
I turned to Finn, “Do something. You're a police officer!”
He looked back at me, “I lied. I'm not a police officer. I just said that to make this a safer environment. Nobody tries anything with a police officer around.”
I looked back at the body, “You sure about that?”
Finn stared at the body for a minute before he said, “Nobody moves, I'm calling 911.”
While we waited for the police to arrive I looked over at the lamp and noticed that the keys were gone. I looked around the room but I didn't see them anywhere. I noticed a cut on Seth's arm. When I asked him about it, he claimed it was from playing basketball earlier in the week but tossing and turning in his sleep had caused it to open up again.
When the police finally arrived they took all of our statements and information. They allowed Finn and I to leave but took Seth with them. I reached into my pocket to get my phone and noticed it was not there. I notified one of the officers who allowed me to go back into my room to look for it. On my way to the room, I wondered what really happened. Why would Barnaby kill himself? Just because a man has a secret cleaning room doesn't make him suicidal. But why would Seth kill Barnaby? It made no sense. Then again, I really didn't know anything about Seth. But what about the cut on his arm? Then something strange hit me. The fireplace in every room was always on. So why was there a furnace room and why was it locked? Perhaps the furnace was broken? Whatever it was, the police would figure it out. I walked back into the room and noticed my phone on the night stand. As I passed the window on the way out I saw something that was hidden in the dark rain. Outside my window, a sign had fallen on the grass. It was still attached to its post which was weathered and broken from the storm. The sign read, “The Countryside Hotel. Visitors welcome” …
Epilogue
Upon opening the newspaper, the following week, I found all the answers I was looking for. There was a note found on the inside pocket of the navy blue suit.
“I did it. I killed the owner of this hotel and hid his body in the furnace room. I had no choice. The man was hiding dangerous chemicals under the guise of cleaning supplies; chemicals with which he made and sold drugs. You see, I am a heating repair man. An employee of the hotel had called me to work on the heater. As a result of the storm, only the owner was present that day. When I arrived, I informed him that I was there to look at the furnace. He must have had me confused with one of his drug-trafficking associates because he took me right to the furnace room which to my surprise was actually a miniature laboratory. It became very clear that I was not who he thought I was. He was ready to kill me when the doorbell rang. Using the distraction, I grabbed the dagger located on the table and killed him. I quickly changed into my navy blue suit which I had brought with me. I intended to change into it at the hotel after my work was done to attend a dinner party afterwards. I answered the door and it was a young man seeking shelter from the storm. I could tell from his eyes that he knew something was amiss. He suspected me. I thought if I told him it was my private residence; it would deter him from staying but the storm was fierce enough that he stayed anyway. I remember turning on all the fireplaces so that the place would stay warm and no one would attempt to go to the furnace room. When an African American police officer arrived claiming to seek shelter from the storm, I knew the young man had turned me in. He was on his phone all day and now a police officer has shown up. As soon as the storm ends, I know he will search the area and arrest me. A third young man arrived and I sincerely hope he does not get involved in any of this. I attempted to keep my composure for as long as I could but as night approached, I found that I was no longer able to sit with the guests. In the night I heard noises down by the furnace hallway and I knew they had figured me out. So now, regrettably, I see no other option for myself. I have done a terrible thing and from this there is no escape. I will do this out in the open so that they will all walk out and see me at once and no one will be accused of my murder should this letter not suffice.”
Advertisements
Buy Photo Fond du Lac city council candidates Catherine Block and Brian Kolstad keep up on election results during an election night gathering with friends and family at The Green Dragon in Fond du Lac. Tuesday April 7, 2015. (Photo: Doug Raflik/Action Reporter Media)Buy Photo
Fond du Lac voters elected one new member to the City Council Tuesday.
Newcomer Brian Kolstad was elected earning 23.27 percent of the vote and 2,469 votes, according to unofficial election results. Kolstad is a senior application programmer at wisnet.com.
According to unofficial results incumbents Greg Giles, CEO of the Fond du Lac YMCA, and Catherine Block, an attorney, will serve second terms. Giles earned 23.98 percent with 2,544 votes and Block 18.52 percent with 1,965 votes. This will be Giles' first full term since filling in as a replacement for former council member Dan Manning.
Challengers Kay Miller and Mick Burroughs earned 17.56 percent and 16.66 percent, respectively, according to unofficial election results. Burroughs had previous Council experience.
Buy Photo Fond du Lac city council candidate Brian Kolstad talks with friends during an election night gathering at The Green Dragon in Fond du Lac. From left to right are Paul Huber, Josh Cowles, Brian Kolstad, and Sara Huber. Tuesday April 7, 2015. (Photo: Doug Raflik/Action Reporter Media)
More than 10,600 votes were cast for the candidates, according to the results.
Block said the close call made her nervous.
"Thank God! I'm pleased. I was a little nervous for awhile but I'm glad by the final numbers," Block said. "I think it's the nature of the beast. Nobody likes to lose."
The Council seats of Block, Giles and Council President Sam Meyer were open. Meyer decided not to seek re-election.
"(It feels) good. I've said it many times. I'm very honored and blessed to live in this community. ... Now it's time to do some work," Giles said.
Giles said the relationships he's built in the community helped him win a second term.
"For me it was just having a lot of conversations with a lot of people. For the last 12 years living in the community serving in the YMCA I've got to know a lot of people who live in the community. I've got to know a lot of the business leaders. They have a general idea of my leadership style."
Giles said there's still work to be done.
"I look forward to us having progressive conversations to move Fond du Lac forward. ... things like Lakeside Park, some difficult conversations about budgets, (and) some things to continue to move forward and be a safe and attractive place where people want to live and raise a family."
Block said she's looking forward to the next term.
"I'm excited to see what the Lakeside Park Committee has come up with for recommendations and what our process will be on that," Block said. "I'm looking forward to working with Brian Kolstad and Greg Giles. I think it gives voters more confidence knowing there's no appointments and everyone's been elected."
Block said the turnout was so small it's hard to tell what put her over the top.
"I think that people who know me voted for me and that I've done a good job and will continue to do a good job," Block said. "With such a small turnout it's hard to know what made the difference."
Kolstad said his face time with the community helped him win election.
"I spent the last few months talking to people, going door to door," Kolstad said. "Talking to community leaders on topics that are of concern to the city. ... It's listening more than anything else."
Kolstad watched the election results come in with Block at the Green Dragon on Western Avenue. ​
"We were watching the numbers all night and were very happy to hear the results."
Terms of office are two years. Council members are paid a salary of $5,000 annually.
The next council meeting is April 8.
Read or Share this story: http://fondul.ac/1FA1i8V
THE Yes campaign is within touching distance of a historic victory in the independence referendum, according to a new poll, which puts the two sides almost neck and neck.
The Panelbase survey found a record 43% of voters now say they will back independence on September 18, compared to 47% voting No.
The figures are 48% for Yes and 52% for No once undecided voters are removed, suggesting the Yes camp needs just a two-point swing for victory.
The gap between the two sides has halved from eight points to four since last month, when Panelbase put Yes on 46% and No on 54%.
Yes Scotland, who commissioned the new poll, hailed it as a turning point in the campaign. Chief executive Blair Jenkins said: "This is a breakthrough poll, showing support for Yes at a campaign high. It shows our message that only with independence can the wealth of Scotland work for all people is getting through. The No campaign are panicking at the steady closing of the polls and flinging mud, but it isn't working because people want to support a positive vision for Scotland's future.
"And in our view the internationalisation of the debate, with people like President Obama talking about Scotland, and the acceptance across the political spectrum that Scotland needs more powers, are galvanising the Yes vote."
Speaking in Stirling yesterday, deputy first minister Nicola Sturgeon said: "I'm confident that this campaign is neck and neck [with the No side] and that means it's there for us to win."
Sturgeon will tomorrow confirm the draft constitution for an independent Scotland would commit the country to the early removal of Trident nuclear weapons, a promise likely to appeal to the wavering Labour voters seen as critical to the outcome of the referendum.
The Panelbase exercise comes just days after a poll by Survation also found a record level of support for Yes, at 47%, compared to 53% for No.
Pollster Professor John Curtice said the two new polls together suggested that, after a few months in the doldrums, the Yes campaign appeared to be regaining momentum.
However, he also said the gender gap identified in the new Panelbase survey was "enormous", with support for Yes among decided female voters 15 points behind that for men, at 41% against 56%.
A Panelbase poll for Yes Scotland in April put the gap between the sexes at 10 points, with 42% of women backing Yes against 52% of men. He said: "It's women that really are a problem for the Yes side. You get a majority among men, and it's women who drag it [the total] down."
On a more positive note for Yes, support for independence has risen among decided Labour supporters (from 29% to 34%) and middle class ABC1 voters (from 38% to 41%) since Yes Scotland's last Panelbase poll in April.
Prof Curtice said the No camp ought to be worried that its much-vaunted "game-changer" moments, such as a veto on sharing the pound and President Obama's support for the union, didn't appear to be having much effect on voters.
"There's reason for Yes Scotland to be pleased, and reason for Better Together to be worried.
"As ever through this referendum campaign, there's a degree of uncertainty, but you can't discount it as 'wavy lines' [as Better Together once called unhelpful polls], when two companies come up with record poll shares for Yes. The advice to Better Together is, find ways to appeal to people using a far greater sensitivity to the Scottish psyche."
SNP sources last night insisted that the gender gap was closing, with the party hoping for a late burst of support for Yes among women just before polling day, as happened with female support for the SNP in the 2011 election. The First Minister recently suggested the lower level of support for independence among women was due to them taking longer to mull over the issues before making their decision.
The new Panelbase poll also found 55% of voters (discounting don't know) were more likely to vote Yes if they felt the 2015 general election would produce another Tory-led government at Westminster, and 50% said they were more likely to vote Yes if a Labour government was imminent.
However, Prof Curtice said he was "sceptical" of such questions, as all scenarios helped Yes.
Discounting a poll by Panelbase last August which is now regarded as rogue, the new gap between the Yes and No is the narrowest yet.
The survey of 1060 people aged 16-plus was conducted between June 9 and 11, when both the Yes and No sides ramped up their campaigning for the 100-day countdown marker, and after the three unionist parties said they would give Holyrood more powers in the event of a No vote.
On the last day of the poll, Harry Potter author JK Rowling announced she had given £1m to the Better Together campaign to save the union.
Last week's other high profile interventions - from former US First Lady Hillary Clinton and Pope Francis - came after the poll ended.
Despite being told the gap between Yes and No had narrowed to less than five points, Better Together said: "It's impossible to comment on a poll that's not been shared with us."
Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson yesterday told the BBC she might campaign for a currency union with the rest of the UK in the event of a Yes if it was "best for Scotland", just as Chancellor George Osborne would oppose a union in the rest of the UK's interests.
It also emerged yesterday that the English Democrats, a party which campaigns for a devolved English parliament akin to Holyrood, has registered with the Electoral Commission as an official Yes campaigner in the referendum.
" as the union between one man and one woman has been the universally-recognized of marriage not only since America's founding but for millennia.”
—Tony Perkins, President of the Family Research Council, in response to the recent finding that gay people have a fundamental right to form families based upon legal marriage.
Having just co-authored a book where we survey the concept of marriage across many cultures, I'm calling B.S. on Mr. Perkins. He hasn't got a clue what he's talking about.
But Perkins isn't alone in his vehement ignorance. A common refrain among those arguing against allowing same- marriage is that doing so would alter a long-standing -cultural definition of marriage. Rick Warren, the controversial evangelist Obama invited to speak at his inauguration, told Ann Curry in an NBC interview that, "For five thousand years, every single culture and every single religion has defined marriage as a man and a woman."
Hogwash.
In fact, the world is teeming with innumerable examples of “marriage” that would be unrecognizable to Warren and other so-called traditionalists.
Two-spirited ones (formerly known as berdache) were commonly found in many Amerindian cultures. They were either biological males who felt the presence of a female soul so strongly that they chose to live their lives as women or vice-versa, females who chose to live as men. Pedro de Magalhães de Gandovo described such people—whom he called Amazons—in 1576: "The [women] wear their hair cut in the same way as the men, and go to war with bows and arrows and pursue game, always in company with men; each has a woman to serve her, to whom she says she is married, and they treat each other and speak with each other as man and wife."
The Mosuo people of China practice a form of courtship and sexual interaction anthropologists have called “walking marriage,” which consists of women and men being completely free to sleep with whomever they like, children being cared for by the woman's family—her brothers assuming all paternal responsibility. Biological paternity is a non-issue. Every night is seen as an independent event, with no expectation of permanence or even continuity in amorous .
Among the Canela people of Brazil, "Virginity loss is only the first step into full marriage for a woman." There are several other steps needed before the Canela society considers a couple to by truly married, including the young woman's gaining social acceptance through her service in a "festival men's society," which includes sequential sex with fifteen to twenty members (no pun intended) and "the mother in law's receipt of meat earned by the bride through extramarital sex" on a festival day.
Got that? Part of the marrying process is group sex followed by a gift to the mother-in-law-to-be of meat gained in exchange for gang-banging with men other than the husband-to-be.
Paging Pastor Warren!
For many societies, virginity is so unimportant there isn't even a word for the concept in their language.
In his book, Pleasures: The Sexual Lives of an Amazonian People, anthropologist Thomas Gregor reports that on his most recent visit to the Mehinaku, "the thirty-seven adults were conducting approximately 88 extramarital affairs." The figure is inexact, he tells us, because "opinions vary within the village as to who is having a genuine affair, and who is engaging in an occasional liaison." After some back-of-the-envelope calculating, Gregor concludes, "The villagers' taste for extramarital liaisons is limited primarily by social barriers, such as the incest taboo, and only secondarily by personal preference. In short, village men and women tend to have relations with each other unless they are specifically prohibited from doing so by the rules of their culture."
Similarly, Cacilda Jethá (co-author of Sex at Dawn) conducted a study of sexual behavior among villagers in rural Mozambique in 1990, finding that her study group of 140 men were involved with 87 women as wives, 252 other women as long-term lovers, and 226 additional women as occasional sexual partners, working out to an average of four on-going sexual relationships per man, in addition to whatever unreported casual encounters these men may have been having concurrently.
Among the Warao, another group living in the forests of Brazil, ordinary relations are periodically suspended and replaced by ritual relations, known as mamuse. During these festivities, adults are free to have sex with whomever they like. These relationships are considered to be highly honorable and to have a positive effect upon any children that might result.
In his fascinating New Yorker profile of the Pirahã of the upper Amazon, journalist John Colapinto reports that, "though [they] do not allow marriage outside their tribe, they have long kept their gene pool refreshed by permitting their women to with outsiders."
As these representative examples clearly show, many qualities typically considered essential components of marriage in the contemporary western usage are anything but universal: sexual exclusivity, property exchange, paternal responsibility, the intention to stay together through thick (much less thin), even that the two partners are of different biological sexes -- none of these are expected in many of the relationships considered to be marriage in cultures around the world.
So when defenders of “traditional marriage” make their appeals to some universally-accepted notion of what marriage is, they're talking through their hats. No such institution exists, or ever has.
Samoa plans to move itself from one side of the international dateline to the other, redrawing this already wobbly line. How does a country go about changing its time zone?
Samoa sits in the middle of the Pacific Ocean, just 32km (20 miles) east of the international dateline.
On Samoa's side of this imaginary line that runs from pole to pole, it is Tuesday. On the other side, it is already Wednesday. And this makes it tricky to communicate with its key neighbours Australia and New Zealand, a day ahead on the other side.
So Samoa plans to reset its clocks and calendars when it shifts the dateline - probably on Thursday 29 December, Prime Minister Tuilaepa Sailele Malielegaoi said.
Samoa will lose a day as it jumps straight from Thursday to Saturday. Any residents with a birthday on Friday 30 December will have to celebrate a day early, or a day late, as that date will not exist in their country.
"There is no body that can say yes or no," says David Mumford, of Collins Bartholomew, which publishes the Collins and Times atlases for HarperCollins.
"The country decides for itself. Then it's just a matter of publicising it, informing the international community and the map-makers."
There is no body that can say yes or no David Mumford
In mid-April, a Samoan official made contact with the cartographers at Collins Bartholomew, alerting them to the proposed change and asking who else might need to be informed.
"There have been various deviations and enclaves over the years, so we need to keep an eye out for proposed time zone changes. Once these go ahead, we update our atlases," says Mr Mumford.
Who set the time?
The dateline, and standard time zones in convenient hourly chunks, dates from 1884's International Meridian Conference.
Confusing time zones China has one time zone - once it had five
Communists made this change in 1949 to streamline and unify this vast country
Last year, Russia whittled its 11 time zones down to nine
Indiana, in the US, has two time zones The bizarre world of time zones
It agreed upon a 24-hour clock for the world, with days starting at midnight at longitude 0º - a prize awarded to Greenwich, in London. This meant longitude 180º - the imaginary dateline which separates two consecutive calendar days - would run through the Pacific Ocean.
Nor did the meridian conference specify the exact course of the dateline.
It zigs and zags as it crosses land or passes through island groups. It kinks east to encompass Siberia within the same date as the rest of Russia, and west to bring Hawaii into line with mainland US.
Some prefer to show the dateline as not diverted round Kiribati Roger Pountain, of Collins atlases
Over the years, many countries have ignored this international standard and set their own time as a way to assert national identity, to make political connections, or to keep one time zone within their borders.
Some opt for local time based on the position of the sun, says Rebekah Higgitt, curator of the history of science and technology at the Royal Observatory in Greenwich.
In 2007, Venezuela's president Hugo Chavez shifted the entire country back 30 minutes. And France used to be on Paris time, nine minutes ahead of GMT. But the country is now GMT+1.
"A switch can make historical records confusing, and may cause headaches for legal cases, but most people won't notice," says Ms Higgitt.
Swapping sides of the dateline is not a first for Samoa. It, and neighbouring American Samoa, lay west of the dateline until 1892, when a US businessman convinced both to switch to the east for trading purposes.
The last country to shift the international dateline was Kiribati, which previously straddled the dateline, meaning a time difference of 23 hours between neighbouring islands.
When Samoa had two 4 Julys in 1892 Image caption Samoa's sunsets will no longer be last in the world Letter from Margaret Isabella Stevenson, mother of Robert Louis Stevenson "In former days communication was entirely with Australia, and it was simpler and in every way more natural to follow the Australian calendar; but now that so many vessels come from San Francisco, the powers that be had decided to set this right, and to adopt the date that belongs to our actual geographical position. To this end, therefore, we are ordered to keep two Mondays in this week, which will get us straight." From A History of the International Date Line
So on New Year's Day 1995, it declared it was adding a huge eastward bulge to its section of the dateline so all 33 islands would have the same date.
"It was an administrative convenience," says Michael Walsh, the Kiribati Honorary Consul to the UK.
"There were nine islands on the other [eastern] side of the international date line, and 20% of the population. An unintentional byproduct of this was that when the millennium came, we were the first to see the sun."
There were few practical problems, he says. The eastern-most islands were uninhabited, with no infrastructure. "We just did it and told the world. Some atlases took a while to adjust."
Kiribati's decision did prove somewhat controversial, says Roger Pountain, of Collins Bartholomew, as some believe the dateline is a global standard, and therefore a matter for the international community to decide.
"It is still the case that some cartographers, website owners, and even public authorities continue to prefer to show the dateline as not diverted round Kiribati, while also acknowledging that Kiribati's time zone conflicts with that," says Pountain.
Samoa may yet find itself in a similar position.
The Semovente da 90/53 was a heavy Italian self-propelled gun and tank destroyer, used by the Italian and German Armies during World War II.
Development [ edit ]
The Semovente da 90/53 was created by mounting a 90 mm Cannone da 90/53 anti-aircraft gun on top of an enlarged chassis of a M14/41 tank. Only 30 of these vehicles were produced, all in 1942.[1] This low production was due to Italy's limited industrial capability at the time, as well as high demand for the 90 mm gun for regular anti-aircraft duties.
The Semovente da 90/53 was primarily developed in response to demands by Italian forces on the Eastern Front for a vehicle-mounted anti-tank weapon that could take on Soviet T-34 and KV tanks. Italian armoured forces on the Eastern Front were equipped only with the L6/40 tank and Semovente 47/32 self-propelled gun; neither of these had the firepower to cope with the Soviet medium and heavy tanks. However, no Semoventi da 90/53 were ever sent to the Eastern Front.
The major drawback of the Semovente da 90/53, as with many self-propelled gun types of World War II, was the open top and rear of the gun compartment, which left the gun crew exposed to shrapnel and small arms fire. In addition, the Semovente da 90/53 had little or no armour in most areas. Because these vehicles were designed to operate far enough away from enemy vehicles to not be subject to incoming fire, this was initially not considered a problem. The small ammunition capacity of the vehicle—six rounds—was also a problem, necessitating the creation of special ammunition carriers out of Fiat L6/40 tanks, one accompanying each Semovente da 90/53 in the field. The L6 ammunition carrier carried 26 rounds, plus an additional 40 rounds in a towed trailer.[2] It fired Effetto Pronto, or HEAT rounds, which could pierce 200mm armour plating at a range of 2,200 meters.
Combat use [ edit ]
None were ever sent to the Eastern Front. In the North African Campaign, the Semovente da 90/53 proved to be an effective weapon and its long range was well suited to the flat and open desert terrain.[2] 24 Semovente 90/53s saw service against the Allies in the 10° Raggruppamento Semoventi, which was stationed in Sicily during the Allied invasion in 1943. Following the Armistice of Cassibile in September 1943, the few surviving Semoventi da 90/53 were seized by the German Army, but were of little value in the mountainous terrain of Northern Italy where they operated. As a result, most finished their careers as long-range artillery.
Surviving vehicle [ edit ]
Only one Semovente da 90/53 survived the war. Originally displayed at Aberdeen Proving Grounds (APG), as shown in the sidebar photo above, it was transferred the Fort Sill Field Artillery Museum in Fort Sill, Oklahoma in 2012. It has since been restored by the Fort Sill Directorate of Logistics (DoL) paint shop and is awaiting display. This surviving example has, "a fairly good history. It was assigned to the 163rd Support Artillery Group, was captured in Sicily in 1943 and shipped back to Aberdeen for evaluation."[3]
References [ edit ]
The most radical, community-organizing-inspired proposal to come out of the Obama administration is not the recent National Labor Relations Board moves aimed at strengthening organized labor nor his push to create more green jobs. No, it is his new proposal to limit the tax subsidy for very wealthy people to make so-called "charitable" contributions.
Though designed with the best of intentions, this subsidy now provides a financial incentive for nonprofits to rely primarily on a handful of huge donors, rather than encouraging them to build a broad, small-dollar fundraising base -- one that would inherently grant the nonprofit world much-needed independence from the elite's narrow self-interests. Moreover, this tax break often ends up subsidizing the super-rich's efforts to finance their own partisan causes -- causes which represent the opposite of soup kitchens, mentoring programs or anything else that falls under the rubric of actual charity.
Advertisement:
To understand how this all operates, recall that President Obama is not -- even remotely -- proposing to halt government subsidization of nonprofits. He's merely proposing to minimally reduce the amount the very affluent can write off their tax bill when they make donations to 501(c)3 organizations from the current (huge) 35 percent of the contribution down to (the still pretty huge) 28 percent.
As the Chronicle of Philanthropy reports, this one provision alone would generate a whopping $400 billion for the U.S. Treasury and would apply only to those making over $200,000 a year -- that is, to the top 3 percent of income earners.
The fact that such a modest proposal, affecting so small a part of the population, would generate such enormous revenue reflects how philanthropy in America now tracks the larger contours of our Gilded Age economy. Because they now control such a disproportionate share of national wealth, America's rich make the lion's share of tax-deductible philanthropic contributions. A 2006 survey found that the 3 percent of Americans with assets above $1 million "are responsible for nearly two-thirds of all charitable giving" (all this despite the fact that, as ABC News, "people at the lower end of the income scale give almost 30 percent more of their income").
While the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities reports that Obama's proposal would cut donations by only 1.3 percent, leaders of major nonprofits -- encouraged by Republican Party apparatchiks -- are now vehemently decrying the president's initiative, implying that he's waging a war on the most basic tenets of altruism and compassion.
The outsized hysterics, of course, betray something greater than a fear of a relatively small (and still theoretical) 1.3 percent drop -- the reaction exposes a status quo inertia from a nonprofit establishment that has grown way too accustomed to a top-down corporate model of charity. It's simply far easier and less labor intensive to get a few absurdly wealthy donors to cut huge checks, rather than doing the hard work of building social movements and mass public awareness campaigns that convince thousands of people to cut lots of little ones. That's especially true in a stratified economy that has seen the number of $100-million donations hit record levels.
Predictably, the result of such a structure is that a large chunk of charity goes into exactly what Saul Alinsky despised -- the paternalistic "settlement house" model of nonprofit work that tries to address social problems in specific ways that do not fundamentally challenge the economic inequality or corporate power structure that has so benefited big philanthropists. Two emblematic examples of this are the Gates and Walton Foundations, which indeed do some good work, but which also fund projects (particularly in education) that try to steer policymaking away from the kinds of questions about corporate power and poverty that might make Bill Gates and the Walton family uncomfortable.
Advertisement:
But this is only half the story. Indeed, the other, even more insidious tax-code problem the President's proposal begins to address is how the IRS so laxly grants 501(c)3 designations, and how those designations now conspire with the charitable tax deduction subsidy to further extend the power of the rich.
Under the current system, the wealthy can openly exploit a tax code that classifies genuine charity and profit-focused politics as one and the same. From Tea Party weapons such as the FreedomWorks Foundation to Democrats' lockstep partisan attack machines like the Center for American Progress, many of America's political and electioneering organizations are officially designated as charitable 501(c)3s, under the same tax code given to institutions like the Red Cross and Save the Children. The most dominant of these organizations are quite deliberately structured to rely on -- and cater to -- a relatively small handful of politically motivated, self-interested benefactors whose contributions are that much bigger because they can be taken as tax write-offs.
And so, the very space in American politics where true nonprofits should be building genuine mass social movements has become yet another playground for oligarchs -- a playground where the cause of challenging oligarchy is deliberately avoided.
Limiting this subsidy for the rich, then, is a move toward modifying the tax code in a way that might better encourage nonprofit groups to try to broaden their fundraising base -- a move that is absolutely critical right now. As the great mass social movements of American history suggest, only when a coalition of nonprofits has an independent, mass fundraising base can they focus and organize around the toughest questions of all.
Advertisement:
The president's willingness to initiate a conversation about how tax subsidies make such organizing that much harder may be a small step in the right direction -- but it's an important one.
NEW YORK — In a first for a case involving CIA torture, the American Civil Liberties Union announced a settlement today in the lawsuit against the two psychologists who designed and implemented the agency's brutal program. A jury trial was scheduled to begin on September 5, after the plaintiffs successfully overcame every attempt by the psychologists to have the case dismissed.
The lawsuit was brought by the ACLU on behalf of Suleiman Abdullah Salim, Mohamed Ahmed Ben Soud, and the family of Gul Rahman, who froze to death in a secret CIA prison. The three men were tortured and experimented on using methods developed by the CIA-contracted psychologists, James Mitchell and John “Bruce” Jessen.
“This is a historic victory for our clients and the rule of law,” said ACLU attorney Dror Ladin. “This outcome shows that there are consequences for torture and that survivors can and will hold those responsible for torture accountable. It is a clear warning for anyone who thinks they can torture with impunity.”
The full terms of the settlement agreement are confidential.
“We brought this case seeking accountability and to help ensure that no one else has to endure torture and abuse, and we feel that we have achieved our goals,” the plaintiffs said in a joint statement praising the settlement. “We were able to tell the world about horrific torture, the CIA had to release secret records, and the psychologists and high-level CIA officials were forced to answer our lawyers' questions. It has been a long, difficult road, but we are very pleased with the results.”
Until now, every lawsuit trying to hold people accountable for the CIA torture program has been dismissed at initial stages because the government successfully argued that letting the cases proceed would reveal state secrets. But unlike previous cases, this time the Justice Department did not try to derail the lawsuit. The defendants attempted to dismiss the case multiple times, but the court consistently ruled that the plaintiffs had valid claims.
“Government officials and contractors are on notice that they cannot hide from accountability for torture,” said Hina Shamsi, director of the ACLU National Security Project. “Our clients' groundbreaking case has changed the legal landscape. It showed that the courts are fully capable of handling lawsuits involving abuses committed in the name of national security.”
The case was filed in October 2015, basing its legal claims on the declassified facts in the executive summary of the Senate report on CIA torture. During the lawsuit's discovery process, dozens of new documents detailing the torture program were unearthed, and the case forced former senior CIA officials Jose Rodriguez and John Rizzo — in addition to Mitchell and Jessen themselves — to testify about torture during depositions.
“Thanks to our clients' commitment and bravery their stories are public, as are new details about the design and implementation of the CIA torture program,” said ACLU attorney Steven Watt. “This settlement is a testament to their perseverance and will help them heal.”
In the court's ruling earlier this month sending the case to trial, the judge wrote, “The evidence would support a finding Defendants designed the [enhanced interrogation techniques] to be used on detainees, and thus they clearly had knowledge they would be so used.”
In addition to torturing prisoners themselves, Mitchell and Jessen trained other CIA personnel in their methods. In 2005, they founded a company that the CIA contracted with to run its entire torture program, including supplying interrogators for the agency's secret “black site” prisons. The government paid the company $81 million over several years.
“I am so glad to help our clients make a difference through this case,” said Lawrence Lustberg of the law firm Gibbons PC. “We have long partnered with the ACLU in torture transparency and accountability litigation, and it is deeply satisfying to have come this far.”
The plaintiffs sued Mitchell and Jessen under the Alien Tort Statute — which allows federal lawsuits for gross human rights violations — for their commission of torture; cruel, inhuman, and degrading treatment; nonconsensual human experimentation; and war crimes.
As part of the settlement, the plaintiffs and defendants agreed to the following joint statement:
“Drs. Mitchell and Jessen acknowledge that they worked with the CIA to develop a program for the CIA that contemplated the use of specific coercive methods to interrogate certain detainees.
“Plaintiff Gul Rahman was subjected to abuses in the CIA program that resulted in his death and in pain and suffering for his family, including his personal representative Obaidullah. Plaintiffs Suleiman Abdullah Salim and Mohamed Ahmed Ben Soud were also subjected to coercive methods in the CIA program, which resulted in pain and suffering for them and their families.
“Plaintiffs assert that they were subjected to some of the methods proposed by Drs. Mitchell and Jessen to the CIA, and stand by their allegations regarding the responsibility of Drs. Mitchell and Jessen.
“Drs. Mitchell and Jessen assert that the abuses of Mr. Salim and Mr. Ben Soud occurred without their knowledge or consent and that they were not responsible for those actions. Drs. Mitchell and Jessen also assert that they were unaware of the specific abuses that ultimately caused Mr. Rahman's death and are also not responsible for those actions.
“Drs. Mitchell and Jessen state that it is regrettable that Mr. Rahman, Mr. Salim, and Mr. Ben Soud suffered these abuses.”
The attorneys representing the plaintiffs are Shamsi and Ladin of the ACLU National Security Project and Watt of the ACLU Human Rights Program; Emily Chiang of the ACLU of Washington; Lustberg, Kate Janukowicz, Daniel McGrady, and Avram Frey of the law firm Gibbons PC; Paul Hoffman of Schonbrun, Seplow, Harris & Hoffman LLP, Los Angeles; Anthony DiCaprio of the Law Office of Anthony DiCaprio; and Jeffry Finer of the Center for Justice, Spokane, Washington.
More information on the case is here:
https://www.aclu.org/cases/salim-v-mitchell-lawsuit-against-psychologists-behind-cia-torture-program
Photos of the plaintiffs and defendants for press use are here:
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/1u48invqaxeji5t/AACtreHhompyNo4uEQTopS2fa
BAGHDAD — At checkpoints across Baghdad, soldiers have defied a recent order from the prime minister to remove Shiite religious flags and replace them with Iraqi ones. At schools in the northern city of Kirkuk, students have raised Kurdish flags. And in the southern port city of Basra angry citizens have designed their own flag, anchored by the image of a single drop of oil.
Then, of course, there are the black flags of the Islamic State, the extremist group in control of about a third of the country.
Perhaps not since modern Iraq was created nearly a century ago by the fusion of three Ottoman provinces — Basra, Baghdad and Mosul — have more people challenged the idea of Iraq as a unified state.
Even as the new government is scrambling to defeat the militants of the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL, it faces an underlying challenge that may be tougher: promoting a new sense of national identity that, even if it cannot transcend the differences between Sunni and Shiite, Arab and Kurd, at least basically holds them together as countrymen.
As part of the IPCC WG1 SPM (pdf) released last Friday, there was a subtle, but important, change in one of the key figures – the radiative forcing bar-chart (Fig. SPM.4). The concept for this figure has been a mainstay of summaries of climate change science for decades, and the evolution over time is a good example of how thinking and understanding has progressed over the years while the big picture has not shifted much.
The Radiative-Forcing bar chart: AR5 version
The earliest version of a bar-chart that shows radiative forcing is this chart from one of Jim Hansen's papers (Hansen et al, 1981):
In it, they demonstrate the relative importance – cooling or warming – of a number of relevant changes in radiatively important components (CO 2 , CH 4 , the sun, aerosols etc.). While the y-axis is the no-feedback surface temperature response, and the changes aren't with reference to the pre-industrial, this might qualify as the ‘ur'-figure – the one from which all the others below are derived. (Note, if you know of an earlier version, please let me know and I'll update the post accordingly).
I can't find any examples for a decade or so, and in the First Assessment Report (FAR) (1990) there wasn't such a figure either, even in the main text. (Again, please let me know if I've missed one). However, in the early 1990s, the figure appears in a form much closer to what we've come to expect. For instance, in Hansen et al (1993), the forcings in 1990 with respect to 1850 are given:
The transition to W/m2 as the unit has now been made, different greenhouse gases are separated, and an acknowledgement of more complicated issues associated with ozone and stratospheric water vapor is included. The main conclusion is that CO 2 had been historically the most important forcing (around 1.24 W/m2). Shortly thereafter, the 1995 IPCC Second Assessment Report (pdf) added a couple of innovations:
Namely, an assessment of confidence, and the addition of aerosol forcings, while lumping the well-mixed gases all together. There is also the addition of the non-anthropogenic solar term. The figure was updated in 1998 and 2000 by Hansen and colleagues:
These updates added land use/land cover changes to albedo, decadal trends in volcanoes, and (in 2000) made the subtle point that the greenhouse effect from CFCs was offset a little by the impact CFCs were having on the ozone layer. An analogous diagram was very prominent in the 2001 IPCC Third Assessment report (TAR):
As with the SAR version, the confidence levels are present, there has been a switch from 1850 as a baseline in the SAR version, to 1750 in order to capture the beginning of the industrial rise in the GHGs, and again additional items were included: some aerosol related (sulphates, mineral dust, biomass burning, carbonaceous aerosols (incl. black carbon)), and two associated with aviation (via contrails and enhanced cirrus cloud formation). Concurrently, the Hansen et al (2001) version:
included even more details – the effect of black carbon on snow, nitrate aerosols, and an enhancement of the solar effect via ozone changes.
In the 2007 AR4 SPM, the main innovation was to rotate the axes by 90º and to add a bit more colour:
Though stratospheric water vapour makes a comeback, and the indirect effect of black carbon on snow makes an entrance for IPCC. In the AR5 SPM though, something more interesting happened…
The effects are now grouped by emissions, rather than by concentrations. This too has it's antecedents, Fig 2.21 in the AR4 full report did the same thing, but was little noticed. In turn, that figure was drawn from work by Shindell et al (2009). This allows many of the indirect effects to be seen clearly. A particular point of interest is that the forcing by emission for CH 4 is twice as large as its forcing by concentration, because of the important indirect effects on ozone and aerosols. The inclusion of CO, VOCs and NO x – normally considered as air quality issues – which affect climate via their indirect effects on ozone etc, is a salient reminder that the two issues are very much connected.
Summary
The most obvious change over time is that the visual styling of the graphs has improved over time. The latest version is far more comprehensive – including more effects, more connections, more error bars – and is, arguably, more useful. This follows from the fact that it is emissions that can be potentially moderated, and the latest iteration shows explicitly what the key emissions are (as opposed to what their consequences are after atmospheric chemistry has done it's thing).
A key change over time is of course the increasing forcing from CO 2 . In 1993 it was 1.24 W/m2, in 2001, 1.4 W/m2, to today's 1.7 W/m2.
The treatment of aerosols – and particularly the difference between absorbing (i.e. black carbon) and scattering (sulphates, nitrates) – has varied a lot. This is partly because of new information (on sources, concentrations, effects), but also because the aerosol issue has been reframed many times. The situation of black carbon is the most complicated. BC on it's own is strongly warming, and it's additional indirect effects on snow albedo amplify that. However, BC is almost always emitted in combination with organic carbonaceous aerosols (and/or secondary organic aerosol precursors), and so with respect to the emission-producing activity, the net effect on temperature is partially compensated (see the TAR version for instance). BC is chiefly associated with incomplete combustion of fossil fuel, or alternatively with biomass burning (through deforestation, land clearance or naturally occurring forest fires), and these two classes of sources have sometimes been grouped (2007), and sometimes separated (2001). The AR5 version groups all the aerosol factors into one bar with each of the separate constituents delineated. A further breakdown of this into contributions by activity would be useful, but as I understand it, this was considered not within the scope of WG1.
One final example is also worth noting. In all of the pre-AR5 figures (except Hansen in 2000), tropospheric and stratospheric ozone were considered separately. But while there are two separate effects going on (ozone precursors increasing in the lower atmosphere, and ozone depletion due to CFCs above), there is not a clean separation between changes in the troposphere and stratosphere. Thus the AR5 version correctly shows the ozone changes as indirect effects of the different emissions without delineating where the changes in ozone are occurring. This is a definite conceptual improvement among many.
References
For an explicitly Christian record label, Tooth & Nail was home to several ambiguously religious post-hardcore bands. Underoath and Anberlin often framed their devotionals in the more general language of emotional or physical apocalypse. Philadelphia five-piece mewithoutYou were signed to Tooth & Nail in the mid-2000s, but their spiritual qualities are introspective and intersectional; lyricist Aaron Weiss draws together Christian, Jewish, and Muslim traditions, forming an intricate, collagist cosmology through which he relates to God.
Weiss' lyrics on Pale Horses, mewithoutYou's first album for punk label Run for Cover, detail his struggles with the densities of language and the inward mutations of faith, which writer John Jeremiah Sullivan once characterized as "a logical door which locks behind you." "I've just been thinking and reading more about language and words and how hard their meanings are to pin down—even simple words, let alone complex, lofty ones that I've long since been fascinated with," Weiss said in an interview with Myspace posted a few weeks ago. "So I sort of questioned my ability to communicate anything worthwhile. If I'm not sure that I'm going to say something that's going to help anybody or say anything that's true, then I might as well make it sound pretty."
The imagery on Pale Horses offers generous doses of apocalypse, drawing largely from Revelation 6, in which seven seals are broken and generate the end of the world; in one verse, Death materializes on a pale horse. In the song "Red Cow", "green figs fall from the Nebraska sky"; in the Book of Revelation, this is an analogy for stars unscrewing from the depths of space. Pale Horses also absorbs several modernist texts; in the same Myspace interview Weiss mentions the influence of James Joyce, which contributes a kind of unconscious and shattering rhythm to his writing. "Here again the chords clash," Weiss sings at the start of "Watermelon Ascot", reshaping a line in Ezra Pound's "Sestina: Altaforte", and through the rest of the verse ("Again the half-past/ Carrie Nation cut glass/ Prohibition children of the have caste") his internal and associative rhyming begins to simulate the inversions and precise orbits of Pound's poetry. On previous albums Weiss tended to communicate through analogy and parable; on Pale Horses his words and references collapse on each other like glass in a mosaic, only obtaining sense and meaning after they've fallen together.
Musically, Pale Horses functions as a kind of career summary, compressing their musical digressions into a coherent whole. It's also their first album recorded by Will Yip, who this year recorded dreamier, gauzier records by otherwise formally punk bands Title Fight and Turnover. To Pale Horses he mainly contributes a concussive drum sound reminiscent of the snares on Nirvana's In Utero, where individual hits resemble the burst of a paper bag. The songs are motivated more by groove than any individual riff or melody, anchored by bass and drums around which guitars pulse in uneasy constellations. Under these conditions, songs tend to expand and change shape, often ending in places more aggressive and primal from which they began.
The final track on Pale Horses, "Rainbow Signs", begins gently and glacially, Weiss barely whispering over soft bruises of guitar. It ends with a guitar riff that metaphorically and physically peels away the earth, lifting out of the track like a cathedral through a desert floor. "The sky, I'd been told/ Will roll up like a scroll," Weiss screams, and you could almost mistake his voice for a bloom of static. "The sun will turn black as a dead raven's back/ But there's nowhere to hide from the judge's face." But after the world recedes in a dense cloud of scripture, Weiss ends the record in a very personal and opaque place, with a dream of him and his deceased father, consciously merged and inwardly telling an intimate, unexplained joke about the Bible. It's one of the few completely successful and uncompromised methods of communication between people: An inside joke.
Harriet Beecher STOWE (1811 - 1896)
Among the most “banned” books in the United States, Uncle Tom's Cabin; or, Life Among the Lowly is a novel by American author Harriet Beecher Stowe which treats slavery as a central theme. Stowe was a Connecticut-born teacher at the Hartford Female Academy and an active abolitionist. The novel is believed to have had a profound effect on the North's view of slavery. In fact, when he met Harriet Beecher Stowe, President Lincoln is said to have commented, “So you're the little lady whose book started the Civil War.” First published on March 20, 1852, the story focuses on the tale of Uncle Tom, a long-suffering black slave, the central character around whose life the other characters—both fellow slaves and slave owners—revolve. The novel depicts the harsh reality of slavery while also showing that Christian love and faith can overcome even something as evil as enslavement of fellow human beings. (summary by Wikipedia and John Greenman)
Note From the Reader: The listener is about to enter a world rich with diverse characters. In order to differentiate between the characters, the reader has given each, his/her own voice. As an adult male reader, however, the reader's representation of women and children will, necessarily be less than adequate. He asks for your indulgence.
Angry while caregiving? You are not alone.
Sriram Elango Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 9, 2016 Unlisted
Sunshine Mugarbi is a writer. For a couple of years she helped seniors at a day care. While she started caregiving, she felt like Mother Theresa and Annie Sullivan put together.
There was an old lady at the center. She was diagnosed with severe dementia. So sever that she could not remember one minute from another.
This old lady had a quirk. She picked her teeth all the time. She does not remember that she is picking her teeth all the time. Everyone else were grossed out with her. Sunshine and other caregivers tried everything to get her to stop.
They tried everything. Hiding toothpicks meant she used her hands. Distracting her with a painting class meant she went right back to picking her teeth after the class. Asking her to stop meant she would forget that she has to stop.
Something as innocent as tooth picking can get on your nerves. Caregiving is filled with such surprises that no one can prepare you for.
Its not just caregivers of seniors with dementia. Side effects from a medication can alter the personality of the senior, causing them to be stubborn and irrational. This will create a perfect storm of rage for you, the caregiver.
It is worth remembering that you are not alone. Know that there are other caregivers out there facing the exact same thing. Know that almost all caregivers are caught by surprise as they get started. And face strong emotions from time to time.
Sunshine felt hopeless. More than the rage, she felt she was not helping the seniors. The tooth picking did not stop. These people were not improving.
How do you cope with negative emotions ?
There are a lot of content out there to help you deal with strong negative emotions. Here are some articles that will help you get started.
Sometimes just acknowledging the strong negative feelings will help dissipate them. caregiverstress.com
Tell yourself it sucks, but that you can get through it. Afterwards, give yourself an imaginary medal. You deserve it. dailycaring.com
As a family caregiver you might not be getting enough nutrition and exercise. approvedseniornetwork.com
What works for you ?
For Sunshine something clicked. Yes, she could not help seniors to improve their health. But that does not mean her caregiving was useless.
She cared about them deeply when many others choose not to. And that mattered enough. That kept her marching ahead. Hope you find your reason to march ahead amidst strong negative emotions.
While you find what works for you, know that you are not alone.
In this tutorial we will create a small web server and utilize BadActor to protect the /login endpoint.
First setup your application's structure and main.go file.
$ go get "github.com/jaredfolkins/badactor" $ go get "github.com/codegangsta/negroni" $ go get "github.com/julienschmidt/httprouter" $ mkdir $GOPATH/badactorTest ; $ cd $GOPATH/badactorTest ; $ vi main.go
Create the basic boilerplate main function, import the following packages, and create a variable for BadActor's singlton Studio Struct.
Note, BadActor uses the Observer pattern with the Studio as the Subject. The Studio contains all of the publicly exposed APIs and is the only way of utilizing BadActor while limiting lock contention and avoiding deadlock.
package main import ( "log" "net" "net/http" "time" "github.com/codegangsta/negroni" "github.com/jaredfolkins/badactor" "github.com/julienschmidt/httprouter" ) var st * badactor . Studio func main () { // create new Studio st = badactor . NewStudio () }
Next we need to define a Rule. Please notice the Name field, which is how we will reference the Rule going forward. We safely pass the Rule to the Studio using the AddRule() method. If we wanted to we could add multiple Rules, but for this tutorial we will just use one.
// create and add rule ru := & badactor . Rule { Name : "Login" , Message : "You have failed to login too many times" , StrikeLimit : 10 , ExpireBase : time . Second * 15 , Sentence : time . Minute * 1 , } // add the rule to the stack err := st . AddRule ( ru ) if err != nil { panic ( err ) }
After all the rules are created and added, we call the CreateDirectors() method. We pass this method a int32 value indicating the Capacity of our Studio.
// creates the Directors who act as the Buckets in our sharding cache err := st . CreateDirectors ( 256 ) if err != nil { log . Fatal ( err ) }
Your last step for initializing BadActor is to setup your polling duration and begin running the Reaper.
//poll duration dur := time . Minute * time . Duration ( 60 ) // Start the reaper st . StartReaper ()
Next we will create our HttpRouter and our Negroni middleware handler.
// router router := httprouter . New () // middleware n := negroni . Classic ()
To keep things clean, lets create a LoginHandler function.
What this very naive example LoginHandler does is -
It stores the username and password into two variables Next it snags the requestor's IP address which we will use as the Actor's Name (aka the Key) Then it validates the username and password If the username and password is correct, it redirects sending a StatusOK code If the username and password is incorrect, it increments the Infraction for the Actor based on the “Login” rule we create, then it prints the Strikes (just for clarity) and redirects send a StatusUnathuorized code
// this is a naive login function for example purposes func LoginHandler ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request , _ httprouter . Params ) { var err error // get the username and password un := r . FormValue ( "username" ) pw := r . FormValue ( "password" ) // snag the IP for use as the actor's name an , _ , err := net . SplitHostPort ( r . RemoteAddr ) if err != nil { panic ( err ) } // mock authentication, not safe, don't do this in a production env if un == "example_user" && pw == "example_pass" { http . Redirect ( w , r , "" , http . StatusOK ) return } // auth fails, increment infraction err = st . Infraction ( an , "Login" ) if err != nil { log . Printf ( "[%v] has erred %v" , an , err ) } // this will display the Strike count i , err := st . Strikes ( an , "Login" ) log . Printf ( "%v has %v strikes, %v
" , an , i , err ) http . Redirect ( w , r , "" , http . StatusUnauthorized ) return }
We now need to implement some middleware for Negroni to utilize. The middleware does the following.
It snags the requestor's IP address for use as the Actor's name. It checks to see if the Actor is jailed. If the Actor is jailed, throw an error and send the StatusUnathorized code If the Actor is NOT jailed, continue processing the request as normal
type BadActorMiddleware struct { negroni . Handler } func NewBadActorMiddleware () * BadActorMiddleware { return & BadActorMiddleware {} } func ( bam * BadActorMiddleware ) ServeHTTP ( w http . ResponseWriter , r * http . Request , next http . HandlerFunc ) { // snag the IP for use as the actor's name an , _ , err := net . SplitHostPort ( r . RemoteAddr ) if err != nil { panic ( err ) } // if the Actor is jailed, send them StatusUnauthorized if st . IsJailed ( an ) { http . Error ( w , http . StatusText ( http . StatusUnauthorized ), http . StatusUnauthorized ) return } // call the next middleware in the chain next ( w , r ) }
Finally run your main.go application.
➜ badactorTest git: ( master ) ✗ go run main.go
Then run the following from the command line, at least 10 times, to simulate someone trying to login with the wrong credentials.
$ curl --data "username=badusername&password=badpassword" http://localhost:9999/login
You'll recieve the following output.
➜ badactorTest git: ( master ) ✗ go run main.go [ negroni ] listening on :9999 2015/01/10 18:22:48 [ ::1 ] has 1 Strikes <nil> [ negroni ] Completed 401 Unauthorized in 89.348µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login 2015/01/10 18:22:49 [ ::1 ] has 2 Strikes <nil> [ negroni ] Completed 401 Unauthorized in 81.692µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login 2015/01/10 18:22:49 [ ::1 ] has 3 Strikes <nil> [ negroni ] Completed 401 Unauthorized in 65.213µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login 2015/01/10 18:22:50 [ ::1 ] has 4 Strikes <nil> [ negroni ] Completed 401 Unauthorized in 86µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login 2015/01/10 18:22:50 [ ::1 ] has 5 Strikes <nil> [ negroni ] Completed 401 Unauthorized in 85.37µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login 2015/01/10 18:22:51 [ ::1 ] has 6 Strikes <nil> [ negroni ] Completed 401 Unauthorized in 81.869µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login 2015/01/10 18:22:51 [ ::1 ] has 7 Strikes <nil> [ negroni ] Completed 401 Unauthorized in 105.735µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login 2015/01/10 18:22:52 [ ::1 ] has 8 Strikes <nil> [ negroni ] Completed 401 Unauthorized in 118.018µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login 2015/01/10 18:22:52 [ ::1 ] has 9 Strikes <nil> [ negroni ] Completed 401 Unauthorized in 71.321µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login 2015/01/10 18:22:53 [ ::1 ] has 0 Strikes director.Strikes () failed, Infraction does not exist [ negroni ] Completed 401 Unauthorized in 130.181µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login [ negroni ] Completed 404 Not Found in 29.554µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login [ negroni ] Completed 404 Not Found in 90.571µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login [ negroni ] Completed 404 Not Found in 23.424µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login [ negroni ] Completed 404 Not Found in 24.39µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login [ negroni ] Completed 404 Not Found in 24.329µs [ negroni ] Started POST /login [ negroni ] Completed 404 Not Found in 23.048µs
By continuing to try and Login you keep increasing the Infraction count, once it goes past 10 you break the threshold, as defined by our rule, and the Actor is jailed.
The sentence time is 1 minute.
During that period the middleware intercepts the requestor, sees that they are Jailed, and returns a 404 Not Found.
The code is on github.
Hollywood actor Matt Damon used a press conference in Australia over the Fourth of July weekend to discuss his desire for a massive confiscation of U.S. guns.
“You guys did it here in one fell swoop [in 1996] and I wish that could happen in my country, but it's such a personal issue for people that we cannot talk about it sensibly,” Mr. Damon said during a promotional engagement in Sydney for the movie “Jason Bourne.”
The action star went on to say people get too “emotional” when it comes to “not selling AK47s to people on terror watchlists.”
Mr. Damon also discussed the Dec. 12, 2012, massacre in Newtown, Connecticut, where 20-year-old Adam Lanza stole his mother's legal weapons, killed her and then did the same to 20 children at Sandy Hook Elementary School.
“Obviously, mass shootings aren't going to do it. There have been so many of them at this point. Sandy Hook, when those children were murdered, if that didn't do it, you know, I just don't know. Maybe we just need to evolve further before we can have that conversation, I don't know,” Mr. Damon said, the Sydney Morning Herald reported Sunday.
“Jason Bourne” is not the only high-profile action star who has made pleas for gun control since the terrorist attack in Orlando, Florida, on June 12 that killed 49 and wounded 43 others.
PHOTOS: Best states for concealed carry — ranked worst to first
Chris Evans, who plays Captain America in Marvel Studios' popular superhero films, tweeted on June 22, “We need common sense gun reform. And to be clear, NO ONE IS TAKING AWAY GUNS! Just looking for COMMON SENSE reform.”
Universal Pictures' “Jason Bourne,” the fifth film in the franchise, opens in theaters in North America on July 29. The film is directed and produced by Paul Greengrass.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Tennessee Gov. Bill Haslam (R) vetoed a bill that would have made the Bible his state's official book.
On April 5, the state Senate voted 19-8 to approve a bill making the Bible the state book. Haslam expressed “some personal reservations” about the bill, according to The Tennessean.
In a letter sent Monday to Tennessee House Speaker Beth Harwell (R), Haslam explained his veto, saying he felt the bill "trivializes the Bible."
"If we believe that the Bible is the inspired word of God, then we shouldn't be recognizing it only as a book of historical and economic significance," he wrote, citing an argument used by proponents of the bill for why the proposal wasn't religious in nature.
Haslam noted that he disagrees "with those who are trying to drive religion out of the public square," but said it'd be a violation of both the Tennessee and U.S. Constitutions to make a sacred text the official state book.
"Our founders recognized that when the church and state were combined, it was the church that suffered in the long run," he wrote.
Efforts are already underway in the state legislature to overturn Haslam's veto.
Sponsor of making Bible official book of Tennessee files notice of bid to override Gov. @BillHaslam veto next week. #TNLeg — Erik Schelzig (@schelzigAP) April 14, 2016
In the early morning hours of April 29, 1903, a massive section of limestone broke away from the summit of Turtle Mountain in Alberta, Canada, and crashed into the valley below where approximately 600 people were sleeping in the community of Frank. The bustling coal mining town was founded just two years earlier, and was located at the base of Turtle Mountain. In less than 100 seconds, the rockslide obliterated the eastern section of the town killing close to a hundred people. The dimensions of the rock mass that fell was staggering — it was a kilometer long, nearly half a kilometer wide and 150 meters deep. It weighed an estimated 90 million tons. Because of the massive weight and depth of the rubble, no attempt was made to recover the bodies which still remain buried under 45 meters of rock.
Tourists get their pictures taken among the huge boulders at Frank, Canada. About 80 bodies are still buried under these rocks. Photo credit: Peter/Flickr
Turtle Mountain, which stands immediately south of Frank, consists of an older limestone layer over top of softer materials such as shale and sandstone. During the mountain building process the once horizontal layers of limestone had folded until they were almost vertical — a very unstable orientation. Furthermore, a major thrust fault runs through the mountain that had weakened the layers of rock within the mountain. Large surface cracks along the summit of the mountain allowed water to enter deep within Turtle Mountain. The water continued to eat away at the limestone and the repeated freezing and thawing action of water and ice caused the cracks to widen, creating even more instability. Finally, erosion by water and ice of the softer sandstone and shale layers on the lower half of the mountain beneath the older layers of limestone had created a significant overhang. Turtle Mountain was just waiting to fall. Somehow, the indigenous Blackfoot and Kutenai peoples knew about the mountain's instability and refused to camp in its vicinity. They called it "the mountain that moves".
When coal was discovered on Turtle Mountain, the Canadian-American Coal and Coke Company opened a mine and the town of Frank — named after the owner Henry Frank — was established for the miners and employees of the company to stay. The town had a gala opening on its foundation day September 10, 1901 featuring speeches from territorial leaders, sporting events, a dinner and tours of the mine and planned layout for the community. The Canadian Pacific Railway ran special trains that brought people from neighboring communities to celebrate the event.
View from the north shoulder of Turtle Mountain. The Frank townsite was where the old road leaves the slide on the left. Frank Lake was created by the slide. Photo credit: Keith McClary/Wikimedia
Turtle Mountain fell less than two years later. Immediately following the slide, people started blaming the coal mining company for the disaster, which might not entirely be untrue. While the primary cause of the rockslide was the unstable geological structure of the mountain, later studies suggested that the mountain had been at a point of "equilibrium", and even the smallest deformation such as that caused by mining would have triggered a slide.
The mine reopened within weeks of the disaster and Frank's population not only recovered but grew. Although many people left the town fearing another massive rockslide, many stayed and Frank grew from 600 inhabitants at the time of the slide to a population of 1,178 by 1906. A new residential subdivision was developed just northwest of the original town across the railway tracks to accommodate the growing population. There was now a new zinc smelter, a new three-story hotel and a small zoo. But fears of a second slide continued to persist. Finally in 1911, the government ordered the people to move because it was too risky. Over the next several years the town was slowly dismantled. The mine itself closed in 1917.
Today, Frank is a quiet residential community of about 200 people. Rubble still covers about 300 hectares of the valley drawing roughly 100,000 tourists to the area every year. The Frank Slide site was designated a Provincial Historical Resource in 1977, and in 1985 an interpretive center was opened that explains to visitors the Frank Slide and the coal mining history of the region.
Photo credit: Paul Hansen/Flickr
Photo credit: Al/Flickr
Photo credit: Ken Eckert/Wikimedia
Photo credit: Library and Archives Canada/Flickr
Turtle Mountain before the slide. Photo credit: www.wambold.ca
Turtle Mountain after the slide. Photo credit: www.wambold.ca
Frank and Turtle Mountain after the 1903 landslide; photograph taken in 1911. Photo credit: Canadian Disasters
The devastation of Frank, taken from Turtle Mountain in 1911. Photo credit: Canadian Disasters
Aerial view of the 1903 Frank rockslide, taken in 1922. Photo credit: Canadian Disasters
View of part of the town of Frank, Alberta, and the east part of the slide, photograph taken in 1911. Photo credit: Canadian Disasters
Sources: Wikipedia / Alberta Culture and Tourism
In the same spot where a banner that read 'The Chase' sat one year ago, a new one sat Tuesday as Ohio State held its first spring practice in preparation for the 2015 season. This banner says 'The Grind.'
Each sign represents something different. 'The Chase' was about the Buckeyes' pursuit of capturing a championship. 'The Grind' is about defending it.
Fresh off the first-ever College Football Playoff national title, Ohio State officially began its quest to repeat as national champions Tuesday inside the Woody Hayes Athletic Center on a windy and rainy morning in Columbus. 'The Grind' was officially on.
“I think the big thing is we had a bunch of guys who were really anxious today so we came out with some energy even though it was kind of early," linebacker Joshua Perry said. "I think we're really excited, we've got a good vibe and we're trying to carry some momentum."
The Buckeyes won their national title in 2014 with an extremely young team. Most of the key contributors to that team return for 2015. Sure, the Buckeyes lost some guys, but overall expectations couldn't be higher.
The biggest worry with this Ohio State team is the same as most defending national champions: the possibility of becoming complacent or a sense of entitlement.
"I don't think last year we had that sense around here at all. This year, I'm watching it and I don't feel like it and if I did, we'd dive right into it," head coach Urban Meyer said. "There's not a whole lot of whispering, we'd dive right into what the problem is. That's something to watch real closely."
Finding motivation doesn't appear to be much of a problem for the Buckeyes. They still insist there are people who doubt them, despite the overflow of talent on the roster.
"We know that people are always going to doubt us so that's going to be a big thing for us," Perry said. "We've got a target on our back so we've still got something to prove every day we go out there."
"I can see why there are reasons people doubt us. We lost some players who were vital to us last year and it's kind of scary for a team to come off a big season like we did to have a letdown," added left tackle Taylor Decker, who, like Perry, is a shoo-in to be a team captain in 2015. "You don't want guys to be entitled to winning games. There's a reason we won games and a reason we had the season we did. There's a culture that's been building here and that's what helped us have the season we did."
Still, it seems a bit farfetched.
Could there really be a ton of people out there doubting a team that rolled through its season following a Week 2 loss winning 13-straight games to end the year including one of the most impressive three-game runs in college football history and returns most of the guys from that team? Is that even possible?
“It's just the nature of the game and just being in the position that we're in," Perry said. "People want to talk about maybe the Big Ten conference is this, that or the other or can Ohio State really do it again? Maybe it was a fluke that all those players came together the way that they did. They had really good senior leadership and those guys aren't here anymore. All those things you're going to hear so everybody is going to have something contract what you're trying to do and impose on what you're trying to do so you just have to be ready for that."
If history has taught us anything it's that Meyer will have the Buckeyes up to the challenge.
Bruce Garrioch highlights the top five players available in the Eastern Conference and gives a team-by-team look at what each club might do at the April 3 trade deadline…
BOSTON BRUINS
GM Peter Chiarelli likes to get ahead of the pack, but that has proven difficult this year. The Bruins have cap room and Chiarelli wants to bring in an impact forward to help the power play. He'll go after either Dallas winger Brenden Morrow or Calgary captain Jarome Iginla. It will be costly, though.
BUFFALO SABRES
If GM Darcy Regier is going to be given the chance to rebuild this team, he's got a lot of work to do. If he wants to deal captain Jason Pominville — and the word is the Sabres do — then there will be a strong market. Right winger Drew Stafford and goaltender Ryan Miller are names you will hear mentioned a lot.
CAROLINA HURRICANES
They have started to fall without goalie Cam Ward and there's a lot of talk they may make a pitch for Ottawa's Ben Bishop. Before Ward was hurt, the Canes were looking for a veteran defenceman. Carolina needs some sort of boost. Defencemen Joe Corvo and Jamie McBain are available.
FLORIDA PANTHERS
GM Dale Tallon was ready to sell off assets, but the Panthers are so banged up he doesn't have a lot left. The Panthers would move left winger Tomas Fleischmann if there was any interest. A team looking for goalie depth in the playoffs can have goaltender Jose Theodore. They could be quiet.
MONTREAL CANADIENS
The Habs have risen to the top of the standings, but they'd like to add a veteran blueliner before the deadline and, perhaps, San Jose winger Ryane Clowe. He hasn't been any good during the regular season, but he plays hard in the playoffs and Montreal still needs a little more grit.
NEW JERSEY DEVILS
GM Lou Lamoriello works quietly, but he has been calling around the NHL looking for a top-six forward. If that's the case, he can join the club. The Devils don't have a lot to give up and with the entry draft in New Jersey this spring, it doesn't make sense for them to give up No. 1 pick.
NEW YORK ISLANDERS
GM Garth Snow has three pieces that teams want — defenceman Mark Streit, defenceman Lubomir Visnovksy and goalie Evgeni Nabokov — if they can get them. The Isles are determined to sign all three to extensions. If that happens, it could make the market slim. Of that group, Streit is coveted by several teams.
NEW YORK RANGERS
They've been desperate to do something for weeks. It doesn't really matter what: They'll take a forward or a defenceman. They have dangled right winger Marian Gaborik to see what kind of return they can get. If they don't make the playoffs, then coach John Tortorella is going to be in trouble.
OTTAWA SENATORS
This club has surprised everybody by staying in the playoff race. GM Bryan Murray may try to add a top-six forward to get a bit more scoring. Minny's Matt Cullen would be a candidate. Names to watch that could get moved: Centre Peter Regin, winger Colin Greening and goaltender Ben Bishop.
PHILADELPHIA FLYERS
The Flyers just haven't been able to get their act together. They need help on the blue line and have held talks with the Flames about defenceman Jay Bouwmeester. Many wonders if they might try to dangle centre Sean Couturier because he could fetch someone to replace injured defenceman Chris Pronger.
PITTSBURGH PENGUINS
What Sidney Crosby wants, Sidney Crosby will get. The Penguins would like to add one more scorer before the post-season to help out. Yes, he's had great chemistry with Chris Kunitz, but Iginla or Morrow could be fits here too. A shut-down defenceman would also do nicely.
TAMPA BAY LIGHTNING
The Bolts will deal anyone but centre Steven Stamkos and defenceman Victor Hedman for the right price. No, Steve Yzerman isn't trying to unload, but it may be time for a quick re-tooling. If a team (read Boston) wants to get winger Martin St. Louis for a run in the playoffs, that's a possibility.
TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS
You have to wonder if GM David Nonis is finally going to get a goaltender. James Reimer and Ben Scrivens have arrived back on earth. The Leafs have been linked to goalie Jonathan Bernier of the Kings and Vancouver's Roberto Luongo. Either would be better than what they've got.
WASHINGTON CAPITALS
This could be George McPhee's last act after 14 years of no Cups. Not only is Ribeiro available, the Caps have tried to unload the contracts of forwards Troy Brouwer, Jason Chimera and Joel Ward. The hockey world is mystified why goaltender Braden Holtby got an extension.
WINNIPEG JETS
This is one of those teams that has to decide if they're going to be in the playoffs. They were trying to deal defenceman Ron Hainsey, but he's been valuable and playing huge minutes. Centre Alex Burmistrov has been in the doghouse. They'd like to add, not subtract. Interesting to watch.
Little evidence that benefits of high productivity are shared with workers as well-off reap most of the fruits
John Le Carré's Smiley's People was published in 1979, straight after the Winter of Discontent, and there's a scene where spymaster George Smiley travels to Hamburg to make contact with Claus Kretzschmar, the owner of a sleazy nightclub, the Blue Diamond.
Smiley has to pay 200 marks for entry and obligatory drink – a considerable sum in the late 1970s – but it is later refunded after he and Kretzschmar do business together. "You English are poor these days. Too many trade unions," Kretzschmar says.
This was the accepted wisdom at the time. Britain was the sick man of Europe and over-mighty labour was to blame. Germany had rebuilt its economy in the 1950s and 1960s; Britain had slipped further and further behind. The solution, or at least one part of it, was to make labour markets more "flexible".
There were two possible ways of achieving this. There was the consensual German way, with trade unions seen by management as partners rather than adversaries, or there was the American model, which saw labour as an enemy.
Britain went down the American route. New laws made it harder for unions to recruit, organise and operate. De-industrialisation destroyed the old strongholds of union power. The full force of the state was used to win two big industrial struggles – the miners' strike and the Wapping dispute. Welfare changes were introduced to make it more attractive for the unemployed to take low-paid jobs. Globalisation has further strengthened the bargaining power of employers.
Britain now has a flexible labour market and as far as workers are concerned is virtually indistinguishable from the US. Increasingly, though, the transition to the 51st state looks like a hollow victory. As the International Monetary Fund noted in its annual health check on the US economy last week, the American labour market is characterised by falling participation rates, high levels of long-term unemployment, stagnant wages and 50 million people living below the poverty line.
US-style flexibility has also been marked by a relentless squeeze on wages and the capture of the proceeds of growth by those at the top. A recent article by David Blanchflower and Stephen Machin says that in 2013, median real weekly wages (pay adjusted for inflation for someone smack in the middle of the income distribution) were about the same in 2013 as they were in 1979.
"This is probably of concern for the UK's prospects since the United States went through a number of labour market changes some time before similar shifts in the UK. These include greater "flexibility" and a massive reduction in the extent of union bargaining over wages," they wrote.
Up until around a decade ago it would have been hard to draw this conclusion. While US median earnings were flatlining, the average UK worker was getting better off. Median full-time weekly earnings were 40% higher in 2003 than they had been 15 years earlier.
But from then on, three or four years before the onset of the "great recession", real wage growth tailed off markedly. It then plummeted during the crunch and has still not recovered. Confounding the predictions of the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR) and the Bank of England, the real wages of the median worker have dropped by 8-10% – or about 2% a year – since 2008. This is entirely unprecedented in Britain's recent history.
The OBR and the Bank assume that the tide will eventually turn. Falling unemployment will make labour scarcer, forcing firms to pay more to obtain new workers. Businesses will also respond to stronger demand by investing more and this will make their employees more productive. A tighter labour market and higher productivity will result in more generous pay settlements. Real wage growth will resume.
There are two parts to this assumption. The first is that productivity will return to its previous growth trend of 2% or so a year. The second is that if productivity does indeed rebound, the benefits will be shared more or less equitably between those on high, middle and high incomes.
Both are questionable. Far from becoming a high-skill, high-productivity, high-wage economy, Britain seems to be going in the other direction. Labour is plentiful and cheap; capital, by contrast, is relatively expensive. Employers can dip into a reserve army of labour for some short-term contract workers any time they see demand rise.
But even assuming that the OBR and the Bank are right in their first assumption, what evidence is there that the benefits of higher productivity will be shared? Certainly, there is none from the US – and not much from Britain either. In both countries, those at the top have been extremely successful at capturing the fruits of growth, leaving little left for anybody else.
"Even if productivity were to rise rapidly, the tendency for longer-run inequality trends to cause an unequal division of wages from productivity gains to the top (like bankers' bonuses) would need to be addressed," say Blanchflower and Machin. "Until that happens or until policy starts to address these issues seriously, it seems that the prospects of significant, rather than modest, real wage increases for typical workers are bleak."
This seems a fair assessment. Power resides with employers and there seems no reason why they would willingly hand over productivity gains to their workers. Unless forced to do so, they will keep the gains for themselves.
It is here that the absence of trade unions is felt. In 1980, 64% of workplaces in which there were 25 or more employees had a recognised trade union. By 2011, the percentage had fallen to 37%. In the private sector, unions are even weaker. Only 17% of firms with more than 25 staff recognise a union; for those with five or more the figure is still lower: 11%.
More than that, though, organised labour represented an alternative political force to business. Andrew Gamble, in his new book Crisis Without End? (Palgrave Macmillan) notes that one reason there has been so little reform of the underlying economic model since the "great recession" is that there is no countervailing force to stand up to the business and financial interest. "Although there are divisions within business, it no longer faces significant opposition outside itself," he writes.
All of which makes the role of labour and unions in the current political debate rather curious. The left of centre thinktank the IPPR has just published its strategy for national renewal which has no mention of unions in its 280 pages. Thomas Piketty, best-selling author, calls for a 75% wealth tax but neglects to say how it might be achieved.
The answer comes back to George Smiley. If the spy met Herr Kretzschmar in 2014 the message would be slightly different. "You English are poor these days. Not enough trade unions."
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Joshua Kimmich has put Europe's leading clubs on alert after publicly revealing his frustration at Bayern Munich.
Pep Guardiola is a confirmed admirer of the versatile German international he claims has “got absolutely everything.”
The Manchester City manager plans to
this summer, with all out of contract.
Guardiola needs two new full backs and a long-term central defensive partner for John Stones - and will prioritise strengthening his rearguard at the end of the season.
Kimmich can play in the centre or on the right, as well as in midfield, and worked with Guardiola at Bayern.
After being largely overlooked by Carlo Ancelotti in recent months, the 22-year-old has voiced his concerns.
“It does not matter whether I understand it or not,” he said. “The fact is I'm not satisfied with it and I want to change it.
“The coach knows I can play as a number six and at right-back, also in the centre of defence.
“From that he has many options to use me.
”I know my weaknesses and work on them – especially when I'm not playing, I try to do more.
“In the Bundesliga we have a good lead now and maybe (the team) will be rotated.”
Philipp Lahm's impending retirement could present more first team opportunities for Kimmich - but Guardiola, who tried to sign Bayern's Holger Badstuber on loan in January, may be tempted to make a move for one of the brightest prospects in Germany.
I've been seeing a lot of chatter about HuniePop. I'm not really into the visual novel scene but I've written about a few here and there. Of course, when I see that the game has continually popped up whenever I open Steam and the game is constantly being discussed on social media, the only thing left to do is give in to curiosity and see what all the fuss is about. And apparently, the fuss is about a risque anime-puzzle title with a lot of naughty bits that teeters on the blurred line of being pornographic.
The game itself is just another Japanese-imitating dating simulator designed like a visual novel and sporting some trite puzzle elements to help flesh out the meat of the gameplay.
The description of the game sums up things rather simply, noting…
“HuniePop is a unique sim experience for PC, Mac and Linux. It's a gameplay first approach that's part dating sim, part puzzle game, with light RPG elements, a visual novel style of presentation, an abrasive western writing style and plenty of “plot”.”
If that doesn't help you get a clue about what the game is about, the trailer goes a step further.
The game was originally Kickstarted back in October of 2013 to the tune of $53,000. The title recently launched on Steam and the feedback from the community has been “overwhelmingly positive”. Why?
Well, Kyle wrote in his review…
“I really enjoyed this. I liked that it got harder as I played. The game difficulty also increased.”
I like difficult games… making things hard is a great way to stay alert and entertained.
Gamer Luna had a pretty awesome review, too, writing…
Fun game Pros: -The puzzles are the reasons to get the game Cons: -having to explain to my roommate why implaying this game -having to exxplain to my grilfriend why implaying this game and why did i even buy it. -trying to convince people i only got it for the puzzles
The banana puzzle is pretty easy to figure out… you just put it between the melons, ace.
I think MagiKarl had one of the very best reviews…
“This game taught me how to use my mouse left handed.”
Being ambidextrous will take you real far in life, especially if you sprain either wrist while vigorously using your head to solve those visually mesmerizing puzzles.
WeskerBot3000 had an interesting summation of the game experience, writing…
“Had sex with Tiffany's mom, then had sex with Tiffany, then I had sex with her professor.
69/10 GOTY 2015”
I'm sure IGN would have scored it 6/9, citing that the flaccid score for the game was due to a lack of properly rendered fluids.
Out of everyone, a poor sap named Easy-Oats finally came to terms with himself, prompting to existentially reflect on his life's decisions, cogently writing…
“What am I doing with my life”
…Training to become a master baiter… of women? Geez, you would think this guy came from the Ben Kuchera school of living under the communistic oppression of Tetris.
Anyway, HuniePop is available right now on Steam for only $9.99. You can either buy the WWE Network for that price and watch a bunch of oiled up muscle men go at it with each other, or you can spend $9.99 and make your forearms as muscled-up as a WWE superstar… because of the puzzles, of course.
In today's edition of Why Newt Gingrich is Better Than You in Every WayTM, Newt sits down with David Brody of the Christian Broadcasting Network to explain why the Bible-thumping "family values" "sanctity of marriage" evangelicals are such hypocrites so willing to forgive Newt for his lifelong pattern of commandment-breaking.
And I think most people can identify, either with themselves or with loved ones, that life has moments that are very sad, you wish wouldn't have occurred. And you look back on them and you seek forgiveness for not having done everything you could have.
Ah, the classic "mistakes were made" passive voice, a staple of Republican rationalizations. Newt sure wishes that whole "ditching his wife when she got sick and something younger and hotter came along"—TWICE!—thing hadn't occurred, but hey, whatcha gonna do? Sometimes these things happen. And it makes Newt sad. Especially when he looks back and realizes he didn't do everything he could have done to not cheat on his sick wife wives.
But let us continue:
So, I think in that sense, it may make me more normal than somebody who wanders around seeming perfect and maybe not understanding the human condition, and the challenges of life for normal people.
And here is where Newt turns his decades of moral failings into a reason to vote for him. You see, being a serial adulterer just makes him more normal than, say, Barack Obama or Mitt Romney, who've only had one wife apiece, which is, you know, not very normal of them. After all, as Rush Limbaugh said last week, who doesn't have an "angry ex-spouse" or two hanging around, giving bitter interviews on national TV?
So what's the take-home message here? Sure, Newt Gingrich may have spent his entire adult life personally trying to destroy the sanctity of marriage, but (a) he's sorry that happened, and (b) it just makes him a better, more normal people anyway.
Oh, and (c) those people who are oh-so-concerned about protecting the sanctity of their definition of marriage? Like a certain national organization that congratulated Newt on his South Carolina victory last Saturday? Yeah, they're completely 100 percent full of shit. Frankly.
(Via TPM)
I know many have witness an increase in prices across the board from restaurant meals, to rent, to housing costs, to entertainment. We have been engrossed in a renaissance of cultural and economic explosion and it has affected our wallets. Lets look at Charleston by the numbers and see the changes by the statistics.
Household Value / Rent / Income Summary
Median Gross Rent (2013): $970
Median Household Income: $54,970 ($35,295 in 2000)
Estimated average house and/or condo value: $241,500 (SC Average: $139,200)
*city-data.com
2015 Charleston City Budget – 187,752,856 (Up 4.75% from 2014)
Revenues: $149,378,687
Expenditures: $154,496,385
General Fund Deficit: -$5,117,698
Per Capita Income (www.usa.com) – Based on Data from 2010-2014
Charleston – $33,117
South Carolina – $24,222
United States – $28,555
Median Individual Annual Income:
Charleston – $30,706 / South Carolina – $26,972 / United States – 30,815
Males: Charleston – $35,663 / South Carolina – $31,966 / United States – $36,116
Females: Charleston – $26,782 / South Carolina – $22,711 / United States – $25,692
Taxes:
Sales Tax – Charleston, SC – 8.500% / South Carolina – 6.000%
Hospitality Tax / Restaurant Tax – Charleston, SC – 2.000% / Total Restaurant Tax – 10.500%
Tour Tax – Charleston, SC – $0.50 fee on every ticket of admission
Hotel Tax – Charleston, SC – 12.500%http://www.areavibes.com/charleston-sc/cost-of-living/
Population Categorized by Career Industry
Top population: Management, Business, Finance – 15.160%
Lowest population: Farming, fishing, forestry – 0.170%
Top income category: Less than 15K – 16.510%
Lowest percentage income category: Between 150K – 200K – 4.420%
Cost of Living Index – Charleston, SC
Charleston, SC – 112
South Carolina – 95
National (United States) – 100
Housing Index: Charleston, SC – 131 / South Carolina – 78 / United States – 100
Utilities Index: Charleston, SC – 112 / South Carolina – 104 / United States – 100
Groceries Index: Charleston, SC – 108 / South Carolina – 109 / United States – 100
Health Care Index: Charleston, SC – 107 / South Carolina – 100 / United States – 100
After Bitter Split, Palestinian Factions Pledge To Reconcile
Enlarge this image toggle caption Said Khatib/AFP/Getty Images Said Khatib/AFP/Getty Images
Seven years after a violent split, the two main Palestinian factions said Wednesday that they are attempting to reconcile and form a national unity government within five weeks.
The Palestine Liberation Organization and Hamas have tried several times to resolve their feud, but those efforts quickly unraveled.
So will this attempt fare any better?
The plan, announced after talks in Gaza City, calls for a unified government by the end of May, ending a rift dating to 2007 that left the PLO in charge of Palestinian affairs in the West Bank while Hamas has controlled the Gaza Strip.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Said Khatib/AFP/Getty Images Said Khatib/AFP/Getty Images
Ismail Haniya, the Hamas leader in Gaza, said, "This is the good news we tell our people — the era of division is over."
There are countless reasons to be skeptical, but both sides have been weakened by the split and have strong reasons for seeking reconciliation.
For the PLO, there's the prospect of improving the Palestinian negotiating position with Israel.
The PLO is headed by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas, who's been making little headway in peace talks with Israel. Since Abbas has had no control over Gaza for the past seven years, he faces the persistent criticism that he lacks the authority to negotiate on behalf of all Palestinians.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has been the main driver of the current round of Palestinian-Israeli talks, which are set to expire at the end of this month with no breakthrough in sight.
A Palestinian unity deal could boost the standing of Abbas, if only among his own people. However, both the U.S. and Israel were critical in their initial reactions.
Hamas, meanwhile, has struggled to effectively run Gaza, the small, overcrowded territory along the Mediterranean coast that suffers from chronic poverty and limited contacts with the wider world.
Israel has always maintained strict controls over the borders of Gaza, which depends heavily on imports for many basic goods.
Gaza has been further squeezed since last summer, when Egypt's military ousted the Muslim Brotherhood from power. Hamas and the Muslim Brotherhood are extremely close allies, and that translated into a greater flow of people and goods along the shared Eygpt-Gaza border.
But the Egyptian military has a hostile relationship with Hamas and has imposed tighter controls along the frontier. This has included shutting many of the smuggling tunnels that traveled under the border and propped up Gaza's feeble economy.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Majdi Mohammed/AP Majdi Mohammed/AP
The Palestinian unity plan calls for Abbas to head a unified government that would include members of both the PLO and Hamas. That's sure to involve weeks of intense haggling oversensitive issues such as who will control the Palestinian security forces. Abbas' party, Fatah, is the main faction in the PLO, which consists of multiple groups.
Assuming a deal is reached, the Palestinians would hold a new election within six months, an event with the potential to reopen old wounds.
The PLO long dominated Palestinian politics, but Hamas won the last Palestinian election in 2006. A year of uneasy relations followed, and the factions waged a brief but bloody battle in Gaza in 2007, with Hamas taking full control of the territory.
The PLO has remained in charge of the West Bank.
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, speaking shortly before the Palestinian deal was announced, said of Abbas:
"Does he want peace with Hamas, or peace with Israel? You can have one but not the other. I hope he chooses peace. So far he hasn't done so."
Shortly after the Palestinian deal, Israel launched an air strike in the northern Gaza Strip that wounded 12 civilians, including children, Reuters reported, citing a Health Ministry official. The Israeli military called it "counter-terrorism operation," which came two days after Palestinians fired rockets from the area into Israel.
Greg Myre, the international editor at NPR.org, was based in Jerusalem from 1999-2007 and is the author of This Burning Land: Lessons From the Front Lines of the Israeli-Palestinian Conflict.
Update at 4:01 p.m. ET. Complicate Efforts:
NPR's Emily Harris reports from Jerusalem that almost immediately after the agreement was signed "Israeli Prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu called off the next peace talks session."
The U.S., meanwhile, said it was disappointed by the deal.
"This could seriously complicate our efforts," State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said during a briefing. "Not just our efforts but the efforts of the parties to extend their negotiations."
by Linda Goudsmit
September 1, 2017
In a staggering admission of ongoing partisan protectionism the FBI just announced there was not enough “public interest” to release the information requested to further investigate Hillary's unsecured basement email server.
The FBI has denied NY attorney Ty Clevenger his FOIA request for Hillary Clinton's documents due to “lack of public interest.” Now that is a new one!
Mr. Clevenger recently received an asinine explanation from FBI records management section chief David Hardy saying, “You have not sufficiently demonstrated that the public's interest in disclosure outweighs personal privacy interests of the subject.” The stunning arrogance of this FBI response is rivaled only by former FBI director Comey's recommendation against prosecuting Hillary after publicly articulating the powerful case for proceeding with prosecution.
The corrupt politicized FBI is still protecting Hillary. Now that is an old one!
FBI: Fidelity to the Constitution of the United States. Bravery to protect and defend the United States against terrorist and foreign intelligence threats. Integrity to combat public corruption at all levels. The entire FBI motto continues to be tested in the ongoing Hillary Clinton email affair and all three elements fail.
The FBI, Treasury, State Department, and Justice Department were all seriously politicized during the Obama administration. The departments operated more like protection rackets than proper non-partisan government agencies. They became political enforcers for Obama's Washington Mafia including the Clinton Crime Family. Refused FOIA requests, stonewalling FOIA requests, conducting incompetent investigations that the Three Stooges would laugh at were all part of the scheme.
Whistleblowers didn't last long in the Sicilian Mafia and they don't last long in Washington either.
America elected a new President who has been isolated by government agencies still staffed by the Obama Washington Mafia leftovers determined to protect their crime boss. Obama's “resistance” movement is nothing more than a criminal syndicate determined to destabilize and overthrow the government of President Donald Trump. After all, anarchy is still a crime in America. The Capos in congress sit on both sides of the aisle and work in collusion with the mainstream media whose bosses have a shared agenda to bring down President Trump.
The fake news, deliberate distortions, stonewalling of FOIA requests, malfeasance and ongoing lack of cooperation from the FBI, State Department, and West Wing democrats active in the White House are all part of the broader plan to protect Hillary which protects Obama which protect their globalist elite puppet masters.
The globalist elite groomed swamp master master Barack Hussein Obama to become president and bring the seismic change the globalist elite need. The legacy of swamp-master Barack Obama will be that he activated the Leftist/Islamist axis to destroy America from within. The hope and change that Obama brought to America was designed to create the social chaos necessary for the globalist elite to impose their own dystopian one-world government.
Barack Obama is a pro-Muslim narcissistic useful idiot. Hillary Clinton is a greedy Leftist useful idiot. Their sycophants are the lemmings that help bring anarchy through the Leftist/Islamist axis. What these arrogant fools do not understand is that there is no place for them in the one-world government envisioned by the elite globalists.
The existential enemy of the Leftist/Islamist axis is President Donald Trump. His Americanism and America-first policies are diametrically opposed to the globalism envisioned by his enemies. If President Trump does not immediately take back the White House he will be neutralized and relegated to the dust heap of ineffective Presidents.
We need to restore our government agencies to America-first. We need to restore the FBI motto to Fidelity Bravery and Integrity. We need President Trump to stand up in the White House and declare himself PRESIDENT not in a political rally in front of his base.
Hideo Kojima Explains the Development Progress for Death Stranding
One of Japan's biggest gaming media outlets, Dengeki, had an interview with Hideo Kojima sometime after he had shown a new trailer for Death Stranding at The Game Awards 2017, which has been published at the last Dengeki PlayStation magazine issue in 2017 this week. In this interview, Kojima explains how he established the new Kojima Productions and started working on Death Stranding, as well as explaining why the studio went silent for most of 2017.
We have made a full translation of this interview, which you can read below.
Dengeki: Please tell us how you looked back at your work and activities in 2017.
Kojima: Kojima Productions was established on December 16, 2015, but this was just registering the company, and there were only 4 members including myself. The next year from January I traveled around the world, beginning to search for technologies starting from game engines, and at the same time, I also started constructing the company organization. Interviewing [people] to gather members, finding an office, designing the institution, and more are all done at the same time in parallel.
Of course, while we're doing that we also made the game design and scenario for Death Stranding, as well as doing various experiments. In June 2016 we showed the very first teaser at E3, and in December 2016 we released the second teaser. And we also decided to pick DECIMA as the game engine, so we also worked to improve it among others.
We ran through 2016 like that, but 2017 was a year filled with more density than 2016. We moved to the current office, and while creating the game we filled the interior with facilities like a meeting room and kitchen; those were finally finished in January 2017. I renewed my feeling and determination to start Kojima Productions in 2017.
The staff list is gradually getting completed, but we had interviews occasionally as we continue to level up and polish the team. We continued the game production process, from developing and improving engines and tools to game designs and presentations without taking a rest. The fact that everything goes in parallel doesn't change ever since the company was established.
I also went overseas multiple times, but of course all of those – including getting invited to events like game shows – are related to work. I don't remember at all [going overseas] just to play or rest. I also wrote recommendation comments for books and movies, made serialized manuscripts (for Rolling Stones and Bunshun Online websites), and had interviews myself. I'm not sure though if reading books and watching movies are considered as a hobby or work for me. However, all of these are being converted to energy for the new game. In that sense, you can say that I dedicated all 365 days in a year to create games.
Ever since December 2016 we had not published new information, and there ought to be many fans who were getting worried or even imagining many things, but please rest assured. Currently, we have surpassed the experiment phase, and by entering the next step, we're feeling the response to the new gameplay.
In the schedule of the overall gaming industry, normally it would take about 3 to 5 years to develop a game with everything already prepared beforehand: organization, human resources, game system, engine, tools, etc. But we prepared them while producing the game in parallel. While doing that, we're proceeding smoothly towards the schedule we have decided on. Everyone at our partner [company] SIE also said: “We've never seen [someone] making [a game] with a pace as fast as this.”
The only irregular incident was the SAG-AFTRA strike that started from late October 2016. Due to this, we had to inevitably change the plans to perform 3D scanning, performance capturing, voice recording, and more with the actors. But that has also been resolved in November this year, so we've been able to start various works.
We're able to unveil parts of these accomplishments in 2017 with a new video at The Game Awards in December. In 2018, I'm going to make announcements that will surprise everyone even further. Please look forward to it.
Dengeki: Please tell us a game released/announced in 2017 that pertains to your own work, and also the reason why.
Kojima: Inside (for PS4, Xbox One, Switch, PC, iOS) and Framed 2 (mobile game). Although Inside was a 2016 title, I'm feeling the possibility of indie titles developed by small-scale teams, as represented by these two games. I was also appointed as a judge for the Best Independent Game award at The Game Awards, so that feeling of mine has grown stronger.
We have prepared an environment where it is possible to create a game where everything from modeling to presentation is worked on by a few people, or even just one person (although it's a different matter when it comes to distribution and more). This is an era where even indies can make games that make the world gaze in wonderment. My thought has strengthened to make Kojima Productions as the forerunner of such an era.
Dengeki: Two years have passed since Kojima Productions was first established, but please tell us what has changed/evolved the most in the studio within this one year.
Kojima: Death Stranding is a title with gameplay and world setting unlike anything before. So, at the beginning, the staff had to focus on understanding what I'm saying and getting a grasp on that newness. As we entered this year, the game has started taking a shape, and we become able to catch the essence of that newness. This is the number one “evolution.”
We've also started producing Kojima Productions original goods. We've started selling them at domestic FamilyMart stores, as well as overseas and online store. Also, a Ludens statue has been placed at the entrance of the building that has our office, and people from all over the world are coming here to see it. I think that's a manifestation of how everyone has been supporting us. It also becomes a driving force for us to proceed with the production. Thank you.
Dengeki: The future (era settings) depicted in old movies and novels continue to become things of the past, and the year 2019 – which is used in the settings for Blade Runner, Akira, and others – will soon come. In such present era, if director Kojima wants to depict “future” in your games, what kind of era and story will it be like? Or if you are on the viewer's side, what kind of future story would you like to see?
Kojima: To me, future is not something that you show, but rather something that you create by yourself. Please look forward to the “future” where I can unveil that to everyone.
We hope that in 2018, Kojima Productions will be able to publish more information on Death Stranding, the PlayStation 4 game that will be published by Sony Interactive Entertainment.
[Source: Dengeki PlayStation magazine]
DALLAS — As President Trump made his way to a high-dollar GOP fundraiser on Wednesday afternoon, he briefly met with a few local officials to discuss the ongoing recovery efforts following Hurricane Harvey and to strategize on how the state could better prepare for future hurricanes.
Sitting in a small conference room at a private terminal at Dallas Love Field Airport with Texas Gov. Greg Abbott (R), Texas Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick (R) and others, Trump said he was open to launching major infrastructure projects in the Houston area that are aimed at reducing flooding during future storms and suggested that homeowners living in flood zones install water-resistant drywall on the first floor of their homes — an idea that he credited to his experience in the construction industry.
“I'm the builder president. Remember that,” said the president whose major legacy thus far has been deconstructing policies and programs put into place by President Barack Obama.
Trump told the officials that he wants them to present him with plans for how Houston can address flooding “on a more permanent basis,” and that he's interested in the concepts he has heard about thus far, although he needs to learn more about the costs.
[In a Houston neighborhood hit by Hurricane Harvey, Trump supporters debate how much aid Puerto Rico should get]
“Let's take a look at the costs and then see if it's possible to do, because that would save a lot of money into the future, and it would also put a lot of people to work,” Trump said. “So let's see what we can do.”
Trump said that had this work been done earlier, destruction from Hurricane Harvey in Houston two months ago would have been “perhaps almost nothing.”
The president also shared his idea for hurricane-proofing homes built in flood zones.
“It's called greenboard,” Trump said, explaining that it's a form of drywall that builders often use in shower stalls, bathrooms and other places that are exposed to moisture. “Water has no impact on it.”
Although greenboard drywall is moisture-resistant, it is not waterproof. Still, the president suggested that homeowners install it on the first-floor of their homes.
“Frankly, if people would do that on their first floor, that water would come in, it would come out, and they would be back in business. You wouldn't have to rip out the whole house” after a major flooding event, Trump said.
As Trump touched down in Dallas on Wednesday afternoon, he tweeted from his personal account: “The long anticipated release of the #JFKFiles will take place tomorrow. So interesting!”
Thursday is the day designated in the 1992 Kennedy Assassination Records Collection Act to make public another batch of classified CIA and FBI documents related to the former president's assassination in Dallas in November 1963. Trump announced on Saturday that he plans to allow the files to be opened, “subject to the receipt of further information.” The White House later said that if other government agencies made a strong case not to release the documents, he wouldn't.
[Trump plans to release JFK assassination documents despite concerns from federal agencies]
Trump was greeted at the airport by the governor and several dozen supporters who chanted, “Trump! Trump! Trump!” and “USA! USA! USA!” The president spent about 10 minutes chatting with those supporters — shaking hands, air-kissing the cheeks of several women and signing autographs. One woman yelled again and again: “We love you! We love you!”
After the briefing, Trump traveled to the Belo Mansion and Pavilion for a series of events with donors to his reelection campaign and the Republican National Committee. He was greeted by a few dozen protesters, some of whom held signs that read: “Elect a clown, expect a circus,” “Liar Liar Liar,” “SHAME,” “Trump, that boy don't act right,” “Having Trump in charge of the economy is like having a rat in charge of the cheese” and “Immigrants built this country.” At one point, the protesters chanted, “Shame on you!”
Fundraiser organizers expect about 200 people to attend. Tickets range from $2,700 per person to $100,000 per couple, and organizers expect to raise $4 million.
After the 4-1 away defeat to Lazio at the Stadio Olimpico, Leonardo Bonucci spoke to Milan TV: “We must learn from this loss. Today we saw that if we do not give 100% we can be severely punished by our opponents. Lazio hit us hard on the counterattack. We were challenged from the start and were unable to react, it's not good, we must improve”. On the matches to come: “We are a new squad. It's my responsibility and the one of the boss and the management to lead this group to success. Every moment we spend together is important. Tomorrow we'll have time to reflect on today's match, our problem was mostly psychological. It will do us good to take a step back”. On the European competition: “We must stick together also when playing in Europa League, it's a competition that many in the team have never played in before. We need to be tougher in defence and more aggressive up front”.
READ THE MATCH REPORT: LAZIO V AC MILAN
Also Ricardo Rodriguez spoke to the Milan TV: “It was a tough game. Lazio played well and we did not. We should have been more compact and better at pressing”. On his personal view: “We must improve and bounce back in Vienna. In football, everything happens very fast. Serie A is a difficult competition. We have to focus on our next match. We must bounce back, tomorrow we'll have a team talk and we will keep working hard to continue improving”.
SEE THE BEST PICTURES OF LAZIO V AC MILAN
Following the end of the game, Vincenzo Montella addressed the media in a post-match press conference: “The coach is always the main responsible for the defeats. We deserved to lose, even if we had a positive start. The penalty changed the course of the game. We started doubting ourselves whilst they became more confident. The first minutes of the second half were tragic for us from a competitive point of view, we lacked the strength to react. However, I am not too concerned because Lazio is a solid team that have been playing well for some time, with the same players and the same system. We have to work harder, I can't deny that”. On the 3-man defence: “When we signed Bonucci we had the idea of playing with 3 at the back. Romagnoli is improving very well, in Europa League we will probably try the 3-man defence but today I didn't feel we were ready. We must be more aggressive and less pragmatic”.
DETROIT -- Improving sensor technology, solving legal issues and getting real-time mapping and traffic information into vehicles are three roadblocks that need to be removed before driverless cars can take to the roads, a panel of experts concluded Monday.
The panelists agreed that automated driving will continue to evolve in steps.
The panel included Hideki Hada, general manager of Toyota Motor Corp.'s Intelligent Vehicle Systems; John Capp, General Motors' director of controls and active safety technology; Steven Dellenback, director of r&d at Southwest Research Institute; Kay Stepper, Bosch's head of driver assistance and automated driving; and independent analyst Robert Denaro.
“We're not going to jump into fully automated driving,” Stepper said during the discussion at the 2014 Intelligent Transport Systems World Congress. “It will be a step-by-step introduction."
He said the road map to an autonomous car starts with electric steering and brakes, adaptive cruise control and lane keeping, which can then be used to allow some highway driving functionality.
“Automated driving door-to-door is a topic for next decade,” he said.
Hada said Toyota's focus on boosting the self-driving capabilities of its vehicles is to improve safety, not to remove the driver from behind the wheel. “We have to reduce casualties by improving the cooperation between the vehicle, pedestrians and the road,” he said.
Toyota is developing sensors, cameras, radar and lidar that can “see” further around the vehicle in order to give drivers more time to react to fast-changing situations. Toyota's goal, he said to give drivers 5-10 seconds to react. Toyota is also working on interior cameras that monitor drivers' faces to determine if they are in control of the car.
Capp, speaking of the Super Cruise system that Cadillac plans to introduce in 2017, said the driver will still be responsible for the car's safety. “The technology is not to the point where the driver can be totally checked out,” he said. “The driver is still going to give to pay attention."
Hands-off system
GM CEO Mary Barra said Sunday Cadillac plans to offer the hands-off driving system with the vehicle taking over braking and steering in certain driving conditions. Currently, automated driving technology does not work well enough in snow and on rain-soaked roads to be safe.
Capp said GM engineers are working on sensors less susceptible to bad weather. But he also said that vehicles must be connected to the cloud so that that automated driving systems can have access to real-time traffic and mapping data.
“If we know we are in space on a detailed map, we can make more use of sensors,” he said.
Stepper said once the technology is perfected, proving that it works perfectly and safely in every driving situation will be a massive challenge. Said Stepper: "The validation will have to be that your system will not have one single failure."
Dellenback compared the cost of developing the software to control self-driving cars to that of writing software for a manned space flight.
He said, “The cost of each line of software is incredible."
SAN JOSE — For the first time in nearly a decade, city officials have a serious offer to buy the historic Hayes Mansion, a perennial drain on the city's operating fund despite millions of public dollars spent renovating it as a conference center.
According to city documents, the offer comes from Global Bancorp Commodities and Investments, an entity formed in Florida but based out of San Diego. The man listed as a negotiator for the company is Adrian Glover, a global brand officer for Global Bancorp.
Glover told this newspaper Tuesday that Global Bancorp, which works with at least 20 hotel operators and brands, including Pacific Pearl and Vintage Hotels, is looking at acquiring properties in San Francisco and Napa Valley.
But the San Jose mansion stood out because it has “national historical interest.”
“I've known about this property for a number of years, and San Jose is a market where we want to make investments,” Glover said. “It's a great asset. We're looking for properties in the area with destination qualities like this one.”
The council discussed the offer — which sources say is one of the most serious and “lucrative” the city has seen — during a closed-session meeting last week. Glover would not disclose the terms of the offer.
Councilman Ash Kalra, whose district includes Hayes Mansion, says past potential buyers have been scared off by the mansion's massive debt, which is nearly double the property's value.
“The entire time I've been on the council I've never actually seen a serious offer,” said Kalra, who has been the District 2 councilman for eight years. “I've seen inquiries, but never a serious offer.”
Despite current operator Dolce International's impressive performance, the conference center remains a drag on city finances because of debt payments on $65 million in bonds the city sold to renovate it in the early 1990s.
The current debt on the historic Edenvale Avenue property is estimated at $40 million.
“Someone coming in is paying approximately twice the property value,” Kalra said. “But the economy is doing better now, and people have expendable income.”
The Spanish Colonial Revival-style manor was built in 1905 and named after Mary Folsom Hayes Chynoweth, whose family made its fortune mining iron in the Great Lakes area. She settled in San Jose in 1887. The Hayes heirs, who ran newspapers that eventually became the San Jose Mercury News, sold the paper and most of the estate in the mid-1950s.
The property changed hands several times over the next two decades. The mansion was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1975 and declared a city landmark in 1981.
The city bought the mansion in 1985 for $2.5 million, but it sat vacant until city officials reached a deal in the 1990s with a partnership called Hayes Renaissance to turn it into a conference center.
The city tapped Dolce International, a New Jersey-based hospitality company specializing in conference hotels, in 2004 to take over management.
While the lush mansion, often reserved for private conferences and weddings, earns enough revenue to cover its annual operating expenses — about $18 million a year — the city is on the hook for debt payments. That costs San Jose anywhere from $2.1 million and $4.7 million each year until 2027, said Julia Harper Cooper, the city's director of finance.
“The debt is too high, and we need to correct the situation,” said Councilman Tam Nguyen. “We've been losing too much money on it, so I'd be happy to have someone with the financial ability to preserve it and make it better.”
Yves Hansel, general manager of Hayes Mansion, was unavailable for comment.
Kalra says it's important that any potential buyer invest in the property and maintain its primary use as a luxurious hotel. The Hayes Mansion includes 33,000 square feet of conference rooms, office space and 214 guest rooms and suites, in addition to two restaurants and a day spa.
“My interest is that anyone come forward with an offer to buy the Hayes Mansion is to make sure the buyer has experience with and is interested in operating a first-rate hotel and conference center,” Kalra said.
If Global Bancorp is successful in its bid, Glover said, Hayes Mansion would continue operating as a hotel. He said the company isn't concerned about the debt attached to the mansion and would actually invest in a slew of upgrades.
“Our plan is not to make changes,” Glover said. “But we'll invest money to upgrade it.”
After two weeks of play in the Canadian University Field Lacrosse Association just four teams remain undefeated. In the West Division, Western Ontario (3-0) and Brock (3-0) sit atop the standings. McGill and Bishop's, both 3-0, are leading the East Division ahead of their showdown on Wednesday.
18-time CUFLA champion Brock University have started the season strong with victories over McMaster and defending champion Guelph in Week 2. The Badgers will host Western on Saturday afternoon.
Week 3 schedule
Wednesday, September 17
Laurier at Guelph, 6 PM
Bishop's at McGill, 8:30 PM
Toronto at McMaster, 8:30 PM
Saturday, September 20
McGill at Queen's, 2 PM
Western at Brock, 3 PM
Nipissing at Laurier, 6 PM
Ottawa at Bishop's, 7 PM
Sunday, September 21
Nipissing at McMaster, 1 PM
McGill at Trent, 2:30 PM
Queen's at Ottawa, 6 PM
Laurier at Toronto, 7 PM
Concordia at Carleton, 7:30 PM
Week 2 results
Guelph (4) at Western Ontario (14)
Queen's (7) at McGill (13)
McMaster (6) at Brock (17)
Carleton (18) at Concordia (1)
Toronto (10) at Laurentian (15)
Trent (6) at Bishop's (12)
Laurier (10) at Nipissing (15)
Queen's (9) at Bishop's (12)
Toronto (19) at Nipissing (11)
Guelph (11) at Brock (14)
Trent (7) at Carleton (8)
Laurier (6) at Laurentian (14)
Concordia (0) at Ottawa (20)
For CUFLA news, scores, standings and more go to http://cufla.ca. Fans can also follow CUFLA on Google+/YouTube and Twitter. Follow @CUFLAlacrosse
//
California Assemblymember Matt Dababneh (D) introduced Assembly Bill 1123, which enacts a virtual currency licensing scheme, to promote dialogue between California legislators and the virtual currency community.
On March 30, 2017, California Assembly Bill 1123 (“AB 1123”) was amended to set forth a proposed virtual currency licensing scheme. If passed, the Bill would enact the Virtual Currency Act, which would require any business that maintains full custody or control of virtual currency to obtain a license from the Commissioner of Business Oversight. As there is no current licensing requirement of this sort in California, the legislation will greatly impact virtual currency businesses in the state.
AB 1123 was introduced on February 17, 2017, and contained a credit-union-related amendment, which was unrelated to virtual currency. ETHNews spoke with Bill Herms, chief consultant with the California Assembly Banking and Finance Committee, who clarified that the deadline to introduce new bills had already passed and so an already-introduced bill was amended to contain the virtual currency licensing framework.
According to Herms, “this version of the bill was amended with language that the Department of Business Oversight felt would be more palatable to the administration.” Assemblymember Matt Dababneh (D) has previously attempted to pass a virtual currency licensing scheme, which was unsuccessful after much criticism from the virtual currency community for failing to sufficiently protect consumers while allowing for continued innovation. “The strategy for this session is to introduce the bill as a placeholder bill to let people know the chair is working on virtual currency issues.” Herms emphasized that the California Assembly has no plans to move the bill forward quickly, but rather to take time to talk to stakeholders about the most appropriate way to amend the bill so “we can do something that works well with everyone.”
The current draft of AB 1123 requires businesses to first complete a lengthy application form and submit a nonrefundable application fee. If approved, businesses would be required to maintain capital and a bond or trust account, make specific consumer protection disclosures, and comply with a transaction receipt requirement. The bill also allows businesses that pose low or no risk to consumers and that operate with less than $1 million in outstanding obligations to pay a $500 application fee for a two-year provisional license. All licensees are also subject to annual renewals/examinations and fees.
The bill is now being considered by the California Assembly Banking and Finance Committee.
Check out the guts of the Leica M8
Most of us will never be able to afford a Leica digital rangefinder. Even a non-functional, heavily damaged Leica M8 can still fetch almost $1000—which makes it that much more painful to look at these images from ePhotoZone of the guts of the first Leica digital rangefinder.
While billed as a teardown, there's not much ordered or exploratory behind these three images—in fact, we only really see one angle of the camera itself. Something a bit more like iFixit's famous teardowns would do a lot more to give us a more educated and insightful look at what goes on inside this incredible piece of engineering.
As it stands, these shots are impressive just to see someone willing to take apart an M8, and remove much of it's circuitry. We hope it was an already dead model, because it can not be good for the sensor to just be lying out like that!
But if you're interested in the internals of older, film based Leica rangefinders, there are some really interesting resources available. You can look at repairs of old cameras, dig up manuals, or even pick them up on eBay if you want to take a screwdriver to one yourself. And film cameras are probably just a little easier to repair than a fully digital version would be.
After vSphere 5.1 was released the exam for the vSphere VCP-5DCV certification was modified to be “5.x agnostic.” Which meant you could know only vSphere 5.0 or only 5.1 and still be able to answer any question on the exam.
For practical purposes this meant several components of the initial 5.0 exam were removed and others had significant detail removed. For example, the initial VCP5-DCV exam covered VSA and Data Recovery appliance, when both had significant changes for 5.1 they were removed from the exam.
With the new exam covering 5.5 it is no longer “agnostic.” If you are considering taking the new exam you should be specifically studying 5.5. If you have taken a 5.0 or 5.1 course to qualify for the exam you should research all of the “What's New” information that is out there, especially for 5.0-class attendees who will see the most difference, and will need to read over the “what's new for 5.1” and “what's new for 5.5” blogs.
The new 5.5 exam blueprint (ver 3.1 dated 1/6/14) the new exam has considerable coverage of:
Single-Sign On (mentioned in sections 1.2 and 1.5)
Web Client (mentioned in 1.2 and listed as a tool for every section)
Data Protection (all new 5.5, dedicated to VDP)
vCops (all new 7.3, dedicated to vCops)
vSphere Replication (mentioned several times in 5.5)
vFlash (mentioned in 5.3 several times)
hardware version 10 (not specifically in the blueprint, but to be expected)
No longer listed on the exam blueprint: Lab Manager. Note that while vCloud Director isn't mentioned it can probably be inferred from section 1.1 where Lab Manager was mentioned:
Identify the various data center solutions that interact with vSphere (Horizon, SRM, etc.)
Left off VCP5-DCV blueprint: vSAN, VSA
With the new topics the VCP5-DCV exam is now 135 questions and 120 minutes (up from 85 questions/ 90 minutes). This brings it into alignment with the VCP-Desktop and VCP-Cloud exams which also clock at 135q/120min.
Which means where you had 1 min 3 seconds to answer each question on the old exam, you have 52 seconds to answer each question on the new exam.
Note that for a limited time when you sign up for the exam at PearsonVue's website you will be presented with two options, the VCP510 (which is the 5.x “agnostic” exam at 85 questions and 90 minutes) and VCP550 (the 5.5 specific exam with 135 questions and 120 minutes). Choose wisely!
Both exam post at VMware
Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer is reporting that 1980's pro wrestling star Tommy Rogers (real name: Thomas Couch) has passed away at the age of 54.
While no official statement has been released, the cause of death is believed to be suicide. Couch was found in his Honolulu home by his roommate, “in a chair in front of a computer, gurgling”, according to F4WOnline.com. Medics were unable to revive him. He had been facing legal issues for several years, and was expecting to face a long prison sentence after fighting with police.
As a wrestler, Tommy Rogers was perhaps best known as one half of The Fantastics, alongside Bobby Fulton, one of the more underrated teams of the 80's. The duo won ten (possibly more) sets of tag team titles over the course of their run, including six sets of NWA tag titles for WCCW, Southeast Championship Wrestling and Mid-Atlantic.
A Boston Municipal Court judge this morning ordered James Stumbo, 27, and Kevin Norton, 18, held without bail pending a Sept. 1 "dangerousness" hearing to determine whether they should be held without bail even longer on charges of illegal weapons and ammunition possession.
The ruling came at a hearing at which an assistant Suffolk County District Attorney said there was far more evidence of their danger to participants in a world Pokémon championship at the Hynes than the weapons-on-trunk Facebook page that had spread through social media yesterday.
In postings on Facebook, the two made references to Columbine, vowed "another Boston Massacre" and threatened "My AR 15 says you lose," Assistant DA Joseph Janezic said. When Norton was kicked out of particular Pokémon forum and the moderator refused to let him back in, he allegedly replied, "OK, that's fine, I will just shoot you on Friday."
The two showed up at the Pokémon competition at the Hynes on Thursday - to which they had been invited - but were barred by Hynes security and Boston Police, who had been alerted to the postings. Police seized their car, then arrested them Friday after they obtained a search warrant for it and found a 12-gauge Remington shotgun, a DPM5 Model AR-15 rifle with a high-capacity feeding device attached, 244 shotgun rounds and 40 AR-15 rounds.
Stumbo's attorney said police had no probable cause to arrest his client. He said the car was Norton's and that neither the car nor the weapons and ammunition were in his control. He said Stumbo should not be held without bail in part because he has no record, in part because he could have fled after police let him go on Thursday, but didn't.
Norton's lawyer, appointed by the court during the hearing, said his client had no record.
Neither man spoke during the hearing. Both stills wore the clothes they were arrested in - Stumbo, a grayish T shirt and black basketball shorts with red striping, Norton in a sort of camo T shirt and black shorts.
Innocent, etc.
New years mean new leaves mean new challenges. And if there is one compelling challenge for journalists and their rough trade in 2018, it lies in re-establishing some modest degree of public respectability: in short, a measure of trust. For without a dowf of the cap as big news breaks, there is only a shrug of the shoulders – which really means nothing at all.
And shrugging, when you contemplate the media wasteland of 2017, has been the pervasive reaction. Trump tweets across fields of cultured, East Coast derision. In Politico's view, he defines the press as his “prime adversary”, not a foreign power, or terrorism, or an energy crisis; “he has changed the way we view the press and the way the press views itself.”
For Trump, says Politico, “the struggle is Manichean, with him representing good and the press representing bad. In a recent tweet, he wrote: ‘Wow, more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative, with numerous forced retractions of untrue stories. Hence my use of Social Media, the only way to get the truth out. Much of Mainstream Media has become a joke!' At a recent rally, he said journalists are ‘sick people,' ‘liars' who are fomenting ‘division'.
“In statement after statement, he and his advisers, like Steve Bannon, have cast the national press, not the Democrats, as ‘the opposition party'. This trick of classification has paid steady dividends; it allows him to nullify every critical story as politically motivated and corrupt.”
And increasingly, for Britain, these echoes resound, as a series of Brexit buffoons decide to send in the clowns. There is no steady, sober state of governance: and, all the while, the messengers get shot.
So Corbyn wasn't PM by Christmas? Blame it on a demented Dacre – or the lingering remnants of the Blairite hegemony. In each and every case, though, make sure there are media prophets in the firing line. Everything, with only the most cursory examination, is deemed fake news. Nothing has the validation of truth.
This, of course, is deadly for the ebb and flow of information. It casts malignant shadows wherever it goes. But it is worse, indeed worst of all, for journalism. And the essential challenge knows what to do about it.
One answer is cleaning the stables. See the long string of allegations against American news TV, the top presenters of breakfast and public service broadcasters suddenly removed from sight for good and all; then examine the relatively puny list of UK equivalents shuffling in their wake. It feels like a job half done. As for print reporting and editing, the job seems barely begun. Perhaps British journalistic integrity leaves America in the shade; or perhaps, bizarrely, this is a challenge we haven't risen to yet.
The usual buzzwords – rigour, transparency – rise as usual for scrutiny and pursuit. Transparency because newspapers launching investigations into their own behaviour is the best answer to public cynicism. Rigour because, edition after edition, such targets cannot be allowed to slip away.
From Panama to Paradise, the enveloping stories of the last few years have concerned tax avoidance at the top, from politicians to bankers to media moguls. Has that last category of avoiders been pursued as hard as it deserved? Have the bowers of tax-free status been stripped bare? You need no particular barrels of cynicism in your cellar to believe that the chase may have faded because it came dangerously close to touching some men and women very near to home – too close to validating the undermining of trust in journalism.
There'll be plenty of articles on such themes over the next few months as Meryl Streep plays Katharine Graham and Tom Hanks echoes Ben Bradlee in The Post, the almost-true Hollywood tale of a paper at war with a succession of grubby Washington administrations. Gosh! Who needs to glamourise journalism's image when Tom Hanks holds centre stage as its arch defender of probity? Touched by Hanks means touched by a golden halo of US saintliness. Enter heroism stage left.
We remember Watergate, the Pentagon Papers and similar triumphs. They burnish our business. But they are not, by any means, the whole of the business: a business that means treating readers in a jam like human beings, identifying distress, becoming a functioning part of society rather than commentators at its edges. In short, seeking to be worthy of trust in the hole where admiration ought to be.
The Seattle Seahawks plan to keep Marshawn Lynch around for the long haul.
The team announced Friday that Lynch signed a two-year extension, keeping the hard-charging running back in Seattle through the 2017 season.
The contract is worth $24 million in new money and pays $31 million over the next three years, NFL Media Insider Ian Rapoport reported, via a person who has seen the deal. If Lynch plays all three years, he will earn $12 million in 2015, $9 million in 2016 and $10 million in 2017.
That's a big "if." There's still a chance Lynch will collect only his $12 million in guarantees for next season.
The 28-year-old five-time Pro Bowl selection was mulling retirement after another sensational campaign that saw him play through chronic pain due to compressed cartilage in his back, a condition that caused him considerable issues in 2014.
Rapoport has noted for weeks that Seattle's hope was to retain Lynch beyond next season with a huge contract extension that would keep him in a Seahawks uniform for years to come.
The Seahawks believe that Lynch -- after rushing for 1,200-plus yards in each of the past four seasons -- outplayed his current deal. They have now rewarded him for his handiwork.
It's a far cry from where the front office appeared to be during the season, when Seattle showed little interest in re-signing their star runner. After "Beast Mode" helped tug the 'Hawks to their second straight Super Bowl, though, his value to the organization has never been higher.
The latest Around The NFL Podcast breaks down the Brandon Marshall trade and plays another game of "Go Get My Lunch." Find more Around The NFL content on NFL NOW.
California drought (NASA NOAA)
California's worst drought in a century is devastating the state's agriculture and destroying its forestland, which is being consumed by wildfire, Governor Jerry Brown said Friday as he declared a state emergency.
The emergency declaration allows California to access federal help to battle the drought, which has left huge swathes of tinder-dry forest vulnerable to catching fire.
On Thursday, a massive blaze raged just outside Los Angeles, damaging several homes and forcing residents to evacuate the area, where the fire risk had been elevated for weeks.
Brown urged residents of his state to reduce their water use by at least 20 percent.
“I've declared this emergency and I'm calling on all Californians to conserve water in every way possible,” he said in his statement.
“We can't make it rain,” he added.
“But we can be much better prepared for the terrible consequences that California's drought now threatens, including dramatically less water for our farms and communities, and increased fires in both urban and rural areas.”
Brown told reporters in San Francisco that the current conditions were “the worst drought that California has ever seen since records (began) about 100 years ago,” media reports said.
The region is suffering its third dry winter in a row, highlighted by the Los Angeles blaze.
California and other western US states are routinely hit with wildfires during the summer, but winter fires like the ones currently raging, are relatively rare.
California's rivers and reservoirs have reached record lows, with only 20 percent of the normal average supplies of water from melting snowpack, which flows down from mountains like the Sierra Nevada north-to-south range.
[Image via NASA/NOAA]
Columbus Crew SC today announced its full preseason schedule in advance of the 2016 Major League Soccer season, highlighted by camps in Lakewood Ranch, Florida and in Central Ohio ahead of participation in the 2016 Desert Diamond Cup – a preseason tournament in Tucson, Arizona.
Under Sporting Director and Head Coach Gregg Berhalter, the 2016 MLS Preseason begins on Friday, January 22, 2016 for entrance physicals and testing. From there, the club departs to Lakewood Ranch, Florida for the second consecutive season for its first preseason camp. Crew SC is slated to remain in Lakewood Ranch through February 5 before returning to Columbus.
The team will be in Central Ohio at SuperKick in Powell from February 8 – February 12 for the second camp of preseason. Following the time in Ohio, the club travels to Tucson, Arizona to participate in the fifth annual Desert Diamond Cup. Hosted by FC Tucson of the USL Premier Development League (PDL), Crew SC is set to be joined by five other MLS sides as well as two USL teams and the hosts in the tournament.
The Black & Gold are currently scheduled to play Sporting Kansas City on Wednesday, February 17 (8:00 p.m. ET) followed by contests against Real Salt Lake on Saturday, February 20 (7:00 p.m. ET) and the Swope Park Rangers (USL) on Wednesday, February 24 (8:00 p.m. ET). An additional matchday on Saturday, February 27 awaits Crew SC depending on results. Additional information for the tournament can be found at http://bit.ly/DDCTickets.
COLUMBUS CREW SC PRESEASON AND MLS OPENING MATCH SCHEDULE
Jan. 22 MLS Preseason begins. Team in Columbus for entrance physicals and testing Jan. 23 - Feb. 5 Camp in Lakewood Ranch, Florida Feb. 8 - Feb. 12 Camp in Powell, Ohio (SuperKick) Feb. 15 - Feb. 27 Desert Diamond Cup (Tucson, Arizona) Feb. 17 Crew SC vs. Sporting Kansas City (DDC) Feb. 20 Crew SC vs. Real Salt Lake (DDC) Feb. 24 Crew SC vs. Swope Park Rangers (DDC) Feb. 27 TBA (final matches of Diamond Desert Cup) March 6 2016 regular-season opener at Portland March 12 2016 Opening Match at MAPFRE Stadium vs. Philadelphia
Note: All dates and times are subject to change. Preseason friendlies may be added at any time.
We certainly agree on this one! Living longer when your body keeps falling apart would suck big time, but that iswhat rejuvenation is about. In fact, it is about preventing that from happening, in the short and long runs alike.
I probably have made the above concept clear enough on the website as a whole, but then again dealing with it separately in the objections section may be a good idea. In case anyone hasn't read the explanations on ageing and rejuvenation first and jumps directly to the answers to objections, they might not get the full picture and think we're just trying to make people live longer without curing them of the ill health of old age.
The concern of more life in a sicker body is well illustrated by the greek myth of Tithonus. In short, Tithonus was a mortal who was in love with Eos, the titan of the dawn. She fancied him back, but they had a problem: As a deity, she was immortal, but Tithonus was not. One day he'd give up the ghost and their idyll would be broken. Thus, Eos pleaded with Zeus to make Tithonus immortal as well. Problem solved, right? Yeah, not really.
Eos may have got the looks, but unfortunately for Tithonus, not the smarties. She asked Zeus to make Tithonus immortal, but she didn't think to ask for eternal youth as well. Result: Tithonus never died alright, but he got biologically older and older, and consequently sicker and sicker. When he eventually became such a wreck that he couldn't even lift a finger, Eos locked him up for his own safety, and eventually did what any loving companion would do in the same situation: She turned him into a grasshopper and sent him back to Earth. We don't know how long it took before any of the many grasshopper predators around managed to eat him, but given it was an old and sick grasshopper, it probably didn't take too long.
Now, you may think that Zeus was an arsehole for not pointing out the small print, and you'd be right, but you may also think that Eos must've been quite the dodohead not to realise such an obvious catch—and you'd be wrong. It was unjust of me to say she got no smarties.
We can't blame Eos for not realising that Tithonus would live forever but grow sicker and sicker, because in real life this is a physical impossibility. (Well, gods are such for a reason, I guess.) The ancient Greek didn't know this, but biological ageing is a constant, progressive, chronic accumulation of damage that builds up throughout life. For a long time, this damage doesn't really affect you, because your body is set up to tolerate a certain amount of it. However, eventually the damage will reach a threshold beyond which your body's self-repair biological machinery is unable to compensate, and you'll start gradually falling apart. The later stages of this process are what we call the diseases of old age; the final state is death, i.e. the point when the body is too damaged to function.
The reason I say what happened to Tithonus is a physical impossibility is that he could not keep on living and ageing biologically forever without hitting the death threshold. He hit the threshold of pathology and he kept worsening for centuries, but that can't be. That would imply that the death threshold is infinitely far away, and that his body could essentially reach a state of infinite entropy and still somehow function. (Now that's a sure-fire way to piss off all physicists past, present, and future.) The oldest humans have lived to maybe 130, and they're quite the exception. Barring radical interventions, keeping you alive ‘forever' (or even just much longer than our current lifespans) is impossible. Those who object to rejuvenation by saying that quality is more important than quantity may be reassured: Quality is what we are going for; quantity is only an obvious consequence of quality. There's no chance to get to significant extra quantity without first getting significant quality.
That's why we're not trying to keep you alive forever in a decrepit body. Not only would it suck, but it is also not possible. What rejuvenation is all about is periodically repairing the accumulation of damage in your body, so that the pathology threshold is never reached. No matter how old you may be, rejuvenation would restore your health back to that of a typical 25-year-old or so. As consequence, the death threshold is never reached either. You may well happen to die because of an accident, or of an infectious disease that we don't know how to cure, but you wouldn't die of age-related pathologies because you would never get any. That's why the average lifespan of a person in a post-rejuvenation world may well be centuries long.
I'm sure you understand now why the concern of a longer/infinite lifespan in a decrepit body is commonly known in the field as the Tithonus error.
The Adherents of the Repeated Meme were a quintet of robots used by Cassandra O'Brien.
Appearance Edit
The Adherents of the Repeated Meme were cloaked in black and their heads were concealed behind black masks, making sure their true identities remained hidden. The Adherents of the Repeated Meme had grave-like voice, almost like very loud whispers. The Adherents of the Repeated Meme had metallic hands and wore yellow chains around their necks which indicated rank. The Adherents of the Repeated Meme were operated remotely by Lady Cassandra herself. (TV: The End of the World)
History Edit
These androids were used to carry and offer the stainless-steel orbs as a "gift of peace in all good faith" to the guests. These orbs secretly housed the metal spiders. One of their other main purposes was to allay suspicion away from Cassandra at the end of the world party, where they supposedly represented Financial Family Seven.
Cassandra also had them knock Rose Tyler unconscious and drag her in a room with its sun filter descending as revenge for insulting her earlier. The Adherents of the Repeated Meme were discovered and their cloaks collapsed to the floor when the Ninth Doctor used his programming knowledge to make a metal spider go back to its master. One of the Adherents of the Repeated Meme attempted to strike the Doctor and he ripped off its right hand. He then snapped a wire in the hand and the quintet shut down, and their now hollow-looking cloaks suddenly dropped-to the floor. (TV: The End of the World)
Behind the scenes Edit
This article is over 2 years old
Mugabe administration extends crackdown against once-loyal veterans association with economy on verge of collapse
Police arrested two senior members of Zimbabwe's war veterans' association on Monday in a growing crackdown on critics of president Robert Mugabe after a series of protests.
Victor Matemadanda, secretary general of the Zimbabwe National Liberation War Veterans Association (ZNLWVA), was taken away by police at the court hearing of a colleague, facing charges of insulting the head of state.
His lawyer, Beatrice Mtetwa, said Matemadanda has been accused of undermining Mugabe.
The Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights group said the war veterans' political commissar, Francis Nhando, was also arrested outside the court on Sunday. Nhando last month declared that the relationship between Mugabe and the war veterans had “broken down”.
Mugabe, 92, who has ruled since 1980, has faced a groundswell of opposition in recent months as the country's moribund economy collapses and the government struggles to pay its workforce.
Previously loyal supporters of the president, the war veterans released a statement two weeks ago accusing Mugabe of being unable to address Zimbabwe's problems. “When we find out who the people were ... the punishment will be severe,” Mugabe said, referring to the unsigned authors of the war veterans' statement.
A new non-partisan opposition movement known as ThisFlag has also galvanised anti-government sentiment in Zimbabwe, where security forces have crushed signs of dissent for decades.
This year the Dutch/Belgium Pipe Smokers Forum exists 5 years. Because of that last year the idea arose for some special forum tobaccos to celebrate the jubilee. Of course I had to open my big mouth and I became responsible for the creation of those tobaccos and the artwork. Why? Because it is a dream of me to see a blend which is created by myself is made available for others.
So how do you accomplish this? In comes Rudi. Rudi is the retired owner of a big pipes and tobacco shop in Middelburg. Now for fun he runs a website on which you can order what he once sold in his shop: tobaccoshop.nl. Because of his past Rudi has a vast knowledge about the world of tobacco and he still has the connections. He also has a passion for pipe smoking. That way he was willing to take the financial risk for the forum tobaccos. Of course Rudi would get a little percentage of every sold tin. My work would be for free, a labour of love. I don't care so much for money.
After a meeting with some other forum members we came to a few conclusions:
– 30 kilo of tobacco had to be made by a foreign pipe-tobacco manufacturer. Here in The Netherlands there are none left.. Belgium also has none so the obvious choice was Germany. DTM to be precise. Well known for their aromatic tobaccos like Sweet Vanilla Honeydew and their American History Mixtures. Why them? Because they were flexible enough to produce such a small batch of tobacco and invest some time in the creation of the recipes together with me.
– That 30 kilo of tobacco was to be divided into 3 blends: an aromatic, a Virginia based one and a latakia mixture.
– Together with DTM I would create the recipes and first samples. Then I would smoke those and report my findings so the recipes could be altered. After the second round a panel of smokers from our forum would test the tobaccos and report their findings to me so the final versions could be made. The ready tins would get labelled with my artwork (that I already had partly finished) and tax-seals would be placed before shipping to Rudi who would sell them to the forum members.
At the end of June last year my good friend Ed (forum nickname St Patrick) and myself drove off to the German town of Lauenburg. We would stay there for 2 days and visit the DTM factory which is located just outside the town near the river Elbe. Soon after arrival we were greeted by master-blender Andreas Mund. Managing Director Dr. Heiko Behrens was not there so he took it upon himself to give us a guided tour. Every corner of every room was shown to us, no secrecy. We were allowed to touch everything, ask everything and smell everything and we did just that. An amazing experience!
After the tour Andreas excused himself. He was busy and would discuss the forum tobaccos the next day when Dr. Heiko Behrens was also there. So Ed and I walked around the wonderful DTM shop (with an old interior from 1920) where you can sample and buy all of their tobaccos and more. The main salesman in the shop is Michael Apitz which some of you may know, he created the famous Sweet Vanilla Honeydew mixture. Besides a very, very nice man Michael is also a walking pipe and tobacco encyclopaedia. I learned a lot from him regarding the creation of aromatics.
The next day we met the very friendly Dr. Heiko Behrens (“please call me Heiko, everyone does”). Together with Andreas we spoke about the forum tobaccos. “Why don't you take some of our excellent tobaccos and re-label them?” said Heiko. I explained him my dream of a self made mixture which he understood. In the end I was given permission to make 3 mixtures together with Andreas! I told him what I wanted and he immediately went to his lab to prepare some samples. Just before Ed and I went home we got samples of two of the forum tobaccos (the latakia mixture and the aromatic). The third one was a flake and it takes a while to make that.
In the next two months I smoked the two samples and wrote down what I liked and did not like about them. At the beginning of September I phoned Andreas, told him my findings and also mailed them. Then it became very quiet.. I e-mailed Andreas a couple of times, phoned but no reaction. I had no idea what to do. Be more persistent in contacting him? Get angry? Just wait? I was dependent on the guy so I really did not want to piss him off. It was not until the beginning of December that I got an e-mail from the other Director, Maria Sousa. She said that they no longer wished to cooperate in the making of the forum tobaccos in the format that I wanted. I could use existing tobaccos of them and maybe perhaps change them a little bit.. I still don't know what made them change their minds.. So I contacted Rudi and asked him what to do. Pull the plug with DTM he said. We go look further.
After some discussions we decided to ask if another German pipe-tobacco manufacturer was interested: Kohlhase & Kopp. Famous for making the European version of Ashton tobaccos, Peterson, Rattray's, Solani and McConnell. In the meantime I asked master-blender Hans Wiedemann from HU Tobacco if he was willing to help. Hans has a vast knowledge about the creation of new tobaccos and has good connections with Kohlhase & Kopp. But a talented man like him has to be paid (which made the forum tobaccos more expensive) and I could sense he was not really enthusiastic to participate in the whole process. However, if I had any questions whatsoever I could always knock on his door. Things were also not going smooth with Kohlhase & Kopp. They only worked with existing tobacco importers. So Rudi asked if Dutch importer Pronk was willing to import the forum tobaccos, put a Dutch tax seal on them and send them through to him. And they were willing. Downside of this all were the extra costs. Kohlhase & Kopp manufactures excellent but pricey tobaccos. Pronk also wanted their share for putting on the Dutch tax seals. In the end it all bounced off on the fairly small amount of tobacco we wanted, only 30 kilos. Such manufacturers are used to quantities like hundreds or thousands kilos. Besides I think the extra work with me (the creation of the recipes) also scared them off.
At the Heukelum meeting Rudi and I spoke to each other once again. Rudi has good connections with yet another German pipe-tobacco manufacturer: Planta. Well known for their Black Vanilla and Presbyterian Mixture. Rudi phoned them and said I could send a mail. Which I did at the beginning of March this year. Now we are halfway April and I still have not heard anything from them.. To be honest I think it is the same as with Kohlhase & Kopp: the low tobacco quantity and the extra work for the creation of the recipes scared them off.
Now Rudi has mailed Samuel Gawith twice to no avail. Also through a friend I am waiting to hear if J.F. Germain has any interest. But to be perfectly honest I have lost my faith.. The quantities are too small and no tobacco manufacturer wants to have extra work with the creation of the recipes in these times of economical crisis. Maybe I was naive to think that those companies would easily cooperate. It is all about money, money and money. I understand that, companies have to make a living, but still… Where has the passion for tobacco gone? Must it all be strictly business? I guess so.. Dreaming is no longer allowed.
The only thing I can do now is to go to Hajenius in Amsterdam who have recently built a Own Blend bar. There I can design a mixture, or several mixtures and let those be written down so other forum members can buy them. Better than nothing I guess..
Surprisingly enough the quest for forum tobaccos continues in part 2.
Britain AD (2004)
Stonehenge is a prehistoric monument located in the English county of Wiltshire, about 3.2 km (2.0 mi) west of Amesbury and 13 km (8.1 mi) north of Salisbury. One of the most famous prehistoric sites in the world, Stonehenge is composed of earthworks surrounding a circular setting of large standing stones. Archaeologists believe that the iconic stone monument was erected around 2500 BC, however this was not the first stone structure on the site. The surrounding circular earth bank and ditch, which constitute the earliest phase of the monument, have been dated to about 3100 BC.
All external videos in CosmoLearning are merely links to outside video hosts that make available embed codes to be used by external websites or blogs. CosmoLearning will never be responsible for any kind of hosting of external productions. To contact the original host company or uploader, please click on the video displayed to be forwarded to the original video.
STAR forwards Lance Franklin and Isaac Heeney have inspired the Sydney Swans to a dominant 81-point win over Essendon at the SCG on Saturday night.
Franklin had a good early duel with Bombers' youngster Michael Hartley but got better as the game wore on to finish with six goals - four of them after half-time - from his 20 possessions.
Heeney's clean skills shone in the perfect conditions, with the 20-year-old celebrating his birthday last Thursday by booting a career-best five goals in his side's 20.15 (135) to 7.12 (54) victory.
TALKING POINTS: Sydney Swans v Essendon
Midfielders Josh Kennedy (40 disposals), Tom Mitchell (37), Dan Hannebery (31) and Luke Parker (29) were once again prolific ball winners for the Swans, while the experience of Ben McGlynn and co-captains Kieren Jack and Jarrad McVeigh was also outstanding.
Essendon matched the Swans in the first half with David Zaharakis (33 disposals, two goals) and Brendon Goddard (28) winning plenty of the footy, and James Kelly and Anthony McDonald-Tipungwuti providing rebound from defence, but as they have done so often this season, John Worsfold's men couldn't maintain their intensity.
GAMEBREAKER: Heeney steals the show
The Bombers kicked four goals in a row with two each side of quarter-time, but the second half was all Swans, with the visitors registering just two goals after the main break while the Swans piled on 13.
It was a solid performance for the winners but there were some poor patches in the first half, which was littered with unforced skill errors and some questionable decision-making, especially coming out of the back half.
Coach John Longmire said it was pleasing that his men were able to turn things around.
"I thought our defensive efforts in the first half weren't where they needed to be, but once we started to work together in that aspect we were able to get on top," he said.
"We didn't have a lot of good players in that first half apart from Isaac (Heeney) who was charging around either midfield or forward.
"In the second half we had plenty of good players and everyone jumped on board which was great."
WATCH: John Longmire's full media conference
The Franklin-Heeney double-act was the highlight of the match and a bomb from inside the centre square in the last term, plus another from outside 50 on a set shot set the crowd alight and was vintage Buddy.
Essendon coach John Worsfold said he was pleased with the team's start to the game.
However, he said the club was coming off two consecutive six-day breaks, which took its toll in the second half as the Swans lifted their performance.
"I thought our intensity and the way we played the game in the first half was just as good as we've played all year," Worsfold said.
WATCH: John Worsfold's full media conference
"So that was really promising and the guys were upbeat at half time and ready for the contest but Sydney to their credit took away any opportunity we had to continue to play that way."
Lance Franklin celebrates a goal in front of Bombers skipper Brendon Goddard. Picture: AFL Media
MEDICAL ROOM
Sydney Swans: midfielder Daniel Robinson left the field in the second quarter with a shoulder injury and played no further part in the game. Kieren Jack limped off in the first term but after getting his right ankle checked out, came back on after the first break and finished the game.
Essendon: Jonathan Simpkin looks set for a stint on the sidelines after tearing his hamstring in the opening quarter.
NEXT UP
The Swans head to Melbourne for a clash with the struggling Richmond next Saturday night at the MCG, while Essendon have a Saturday afternoon date with the ladder leaders North Melbourne at Etihad stadium.
SYDNEY SWANS 4.3 7.10 12.12 20.15 (135)
ESSENDON 3.3 5.5 6.9 7.12 (54)
GOALS
Sydney Swans: Franklin 6, Heeney 5, Papley 2, Tippett 2, Jack 2, Sinclair, Hewett, McGlynn
Essendon: Zaharakis 2, Fantasia, Bird, Brown, Simpkin, McKernan
BEST
Sydney Swans: Heeney, Mitchell, Parker, Franklin, McGlynn, Kennedy, Hannebery
Essendon: Zaharakis, Brown, McDonald-Tipungwuti, Dempsey, Goddard
INJURIES
Sydney Swans: Robinson (shoulder)
Essendon: Simpkin (hamstring)
Reports: Nil
Umpires: Nicholls, Edwards, Fleer
Official crowd: 29,527 at SCG
KOLKATA: At least five Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) terrorists, whose names appear in the latest list handed over by Rapid Action Batallion (RAB) to Indian authorities, suspected to have sneaked into India.These names, which came to surface a day before Bangladesh's home minister Asadullah Khan Kamal's visit to India, are a crucial part of Kamal's discussions with Home Minister Rajnath Singh on Thursday, sources said. These include Tamim Ahmed Chowdhury from Sylhet, a Canadian expatriate who is believed to be the coordinator of Islamic State in Bangladesh.Three days back, RAB has released names of 68 missing persons-all of them aged between 15 and 40 years, were missing since 2011. Among those, at least five are suspected to have sneaked into Indian territory crossing porous border with the neighbouring country. The alerts were there in Indian states like West Bengal, Assam and Meghalaya after the Gulshan attack in Bangladesh. But Bangladesh government, this time, has handed over the list of at least five JMB activists who are suspected to have crossed border and entered India. Two months back, Assam police busted a JMB camp in Chirang district, which was used for training purpose of local youths.One of the key suspects, whose name appears in the list, is Tamim Ahmed Chowdhury who is believed to have been behind the Gulshan attack. The Bangladesh-born Canadian citizen is suspected to be the links of local terror outfits in the neighbouring country and ISIS. Also known as Abu Ibrahim Al-Hanif, Chowdhury's interview appeared in the June, 2016 issue of Dabiq-ISIS' propaganda magazine. According to sources, he left Canada in 2013 and could not be traced after that.Junoon Sikdar, resident of Comilla, was arrested by Bangladesh police in 2009 under Anti Terrorism Act. Earlier a computer science student at a private university in Dhaka was again arrested in 2013 for his alleged links with the Ansarullah Bangla Team. Sikdar, who was recruiting people for the jihadi group, was later released on bail and he left for Malayasia.Nazibullah Ansari, resident of Chapainababgunj, Bangladesh went to Malayasia to study marine engineering. Last year a missing diary was filed with the Chittagong police station after Ansari wrote to his brother that he had decided to join IS and shift to Iraq.ATM Tajuddin, who was studying computer engineering at a US based University was missing since 2013. A missing diary was filed at Laxmipur Sadar police station in Bangladesh, earlier this month. Mohammad Saifulla Ojaki alias Sujit Debnath, a professor of business administration with the Asia Pacific University, Japan was missing for last one year. His father Janardan Debnath later filed a missing diary at Nabinagar in Bangladesh.
The recent success of the Fourth Battle of Berkeley is a palpable sign of the shift which is underway in Western politics. Since the election of Donald Trump, the peaceful men and women of the right have finally started standing up for themselves when leftist thugs try and disrupt their events through rioting and violence. While Return Of Kings continues to advocate for peaceful assembly rather than political violence, it's become abundantly clear that the modern-day left has no respect for rule of law, and that police forces are frequently failing in their duty to maintain order.
Should you choose to exercise your right to free speech, it is becoming increasingly likely that you'll be subjected to a violent onslaught by the home-grown terrorist organization known as Antifa. It is incumbent on you to prepare for this inevitability, so that you can protect yourself and others. The following ten points will help keep you safe, while ensuring that the Antifa thugs scatter into the winds.
1. Do not initiate
It is absolutely critical that we maintain the moral and legal high-ground. This does not mean pulling your punches, or bending over whenever somebody whines about hurt feelings – but it does mean that we eschew the barbaric tactics which our leftist enemies embrace. This is the fight for civilization, and if we stoop to our enemy's level then even if the battle is won, the war will be lost. Let them be the initiators, let them be the vandals; if you simply stand your ground, and maintain a confident composure, it is all but guaranteed that they will lash out.
Remember: these are the infantilized refuse of a collapsing civilization. There's no need for you to initiate anything; the mere fact that you're carrying yourself with confidence and giving voice to ‘hate facts' will be more than enough to throw them into a frenzy.
2. Do not carry bladed weapons
From a legal standpoint, you have a right to defend yourself from assault: laws will vary from place to place, and in some areas you may be required to respond with proportionate force, but when we're discussing a group of lunatics who are hurling bricks and throwing M-80s, it would be reasonable to assume that some of them have a blade or a firearm hidden about their person. Legally speaking you would most likely be within your rights to defend yourself with blade or gun.
At the same time, your choice to carry a bladed weapon would speak to your mens rea; it suggests an intent on your part beyond peaceful assembly, a desire upon your part to maim or kill.
The reason men should carry a sidearm during peacetime is not so that they can use it in some sort of Action Hero fantasy; it's primary purpose is to serve as a deterrent. Open carrying wards off predators, who will seek out softer targets. Concealed carrying protects even those who don't carry at all, turning every potential victim into a potential threat. A sidearm carried during an Antifa riot fails to provide this deterrence, since brandishing when threatened is no longer an option.
The mob will continue to race forward, carried on by their own momentum, and you will be forced to either drop your gun or knife (and risk having one of the Antifa turn it on you) or to employ it, and take on the responsibility of having used lethal force against a mentally-ill soy addict. Stick to batons, tasers, and other such weapons (after consulting your local laws). Your goal should be to defend yourself and others as effectively as possible, not rack up a body count.
The one exception to this is if the organizers specifically encourage everyone to open carry. This goes back to deterrence, and you can be reasonably certain that the Antifa won't attack.
3. Do wear a helmet
Protect your brain box. The Antifas are in the habit of throwing rocks into the crowd, and your head is extremely vulnerable. Don't underestimate the effectiveness of modern protective gear. The following video by Skallgrim demonstrates how even a motorcycle helmet can protect you against mauls and swords. A batter's helmet or a construction worker's helmet will also offer you significant protection.
4. Do wear armor, gloves, and boots
Once your head is protected, the next three areas you need to worry about are feet, hands, and chest, in that order. Boots will protect you from sprained ankles or other injuries (during the chaos of a riot this is a major possibility – and failing to protect against it could lead to you being trampled). Your hands will be the next to get injured, and a pair of leather gloves will go a long way in ensuring that you don't contract whatever new and strange viruses are leaking out of the bloodied Antifas. Your chest is the the least likely area to sustain injury, but injuries there are potentially quite deadly, second only to the head. There's no need to visit your local SCA event to buy chainmail; any leather jacket, and motorcycle leather in particular, will keep you safe during this zombie apocalypse.
Loading...
5. Don't be a hero; work with your companions
The battlefields of the 100 Years War had an interesting dynamic. The French soldiers were still following the romantic tradition of having a highly-trained warrior aristocracy, while the British were experimenting with mass, regimented militaries. The battles would swing both ways, sometimes the French knights would win through their individual feats of heroism, while in other battles the organization and discipline of the British would overwhelm the heroism of the French.
The Antifas are the detritus of society, who've made themselves ill through veganism, self-abuse, and sloth. Our side is superior in individual combat prowess and heroism, however the Antifas benefit from their mental illness and cowardice. They'll think nothing of abandoning an injured companion, and will inflame themselves with autistic rage during the attack like a smellier version of a Viking Berserker. By ensuring that our side stays organized – by eschewing individual acts of heroism for organization and discipline – the injuries we suffer can be reduced to a minimum.
6. Do employ maximum speed and aggression
The left has been conditioned to believe that they can act out however they want, and that civilized men won't offer any resistance. For far too long they've needed neither organization nor planning, since they've been able to simply swarm and destroy any and all targets of their ire. They do not follow any sort of Marquess of Queensberry rules; their methodology is to start spreading chaos, and to up the ante bit by bit as they're emboldened by their peers.
Once they initiate, do not give them the chance to ramp things up. Exploit their disorganization with swift and decisive action. Maintain momentum, and capitalize on your victories.
7. Use the wedge formation
One of the methods which has proven effective during the previous clashes is the wedge formation; penetrate their crowd while protecting the flanks of the men to your sides. If this is your first time attending a rally, find out who has experience and follow their guidance.
8. Go after their leaders
Your goal is not to beat the Antifa into submission; it's to scatter and demoralize them, while maintaining your legal right to peaceful assembly and free speech. The best way to do this is to find the individuals at the back of the crowd who are inciting the violence. Penetrate with the wedge formation and confront their leaders, who will flee as their shame runs down their legs. Once you have ensured that it is not just a tactical retreat, cease all pursuit; observe and ridicule. The remnants of the mob will quickly grow placid as they submit to defeat.
Severely injuring Antifas allows them to reaffirm their victim narrative; the goal is not to injure, but to defend yourselves, and to expose them as the sickly human vermin that they are, both to themselves and others.
9. Carry a first aid kit
Their will likely be medics on hand for more severe injuries, but there's no need to waste their time with minor scrapes and bruises. Purchase a small first aid kit which fits on your belt to treat yourself and your compatriots.
10. If Pepsi doesn't work, try Coke.
While the Pepsi Corporation has bravely attempted to quell the childish violence of today's liberal scum, the field tests thus far have proven to be a failure. Instead of Pepsi, try Coke, or perhaps Fanta.
Conclusion
It should go without saying that none of this is legal advice. Any lawyer worth his salt would advise you to avoid any rallies where the Antifa plan to riot. Remember that something as simple as an ill-timed punch can potentially result in the death of the hipster who receives it, as he falls and cracks his skull open on the cement, and that this will result in you being charged with manslaughter, or worse.
Be prepared for these violent cretins, but do not revel in the violence itself. These are, after all, our fellow citizens; misguided children who need to be put in their place, not a mortal enemy to be killed with extreme prejudice.
It is imperative that we take back our civilization from the subversive elements that would destroy it, and that we stand prepared to defend our rights, but we must also remember the responsibilities that go along with those rights. Your responsibility to administer first aid to all of the fallen once the melee is past. Your responsibility not to maim or kill when subduing will suffice. And your responsibility to stand for something higher than ‘Might Make Right'.
Go out there courageously, and go out there righteously, men of the West. Stay calm, collected, and cool, and stay faithful to your brothers in arms. The times they are a-changing.
Read More: Antifa Gets Destroyed By Right Wing Safety Squads In Berkeley
SINGAPORE - Mohamed Nizam Mohamed Kalam was riding a motorcycle that did not belong to him, and without a valid licence or insurance, when a traffic policeman on patrol duty signalled him to stop.
Instead of stopping, he made an illegal turn, rode against traffic and was speeding when he hit a car, resulting in injury to himself and his pillion rider.
On Aug 4, Nizam was jailed for four months, fined $1,600 and banned from driving for four years. He admitted to rash riding, causing hurt to his pillion rider, riding without a valid licence and insurance coverage.
Two other charges of riding without the owner's consent and failing to stop were considered during sentencing.
Deputy Public Prosecutor Zhuo Wenzhao said Nizam had acted as a guarantor for Mr Muhammad Zaid Razali's purchase of a motorcycle, and had also loaned the 23-year-old some money.
As Mr Zaid could not repay Nizam, he passed the motorcycle and the key to him. But he did not authorise Nizam to ride the motorcycle.
On the morning of Sept 8, 2016, Nizam rode the motorcycle from a coffee shop along Sims Avenue with Mr Muhammad Nashrullah Sallim, 22, as his pillion rider.
A traffic policeman was on duty at the junction of Lorong 33 Geylang when he spotted Nizam, sounded his horn and signalled Nizam to stop.
Nizam ignored him and made an unauthorised right turn into Lorong 33 towards Geylang Road.
He rode against the flow of traffic all the way from a minor road off Lorong 33 to Sims Avenue.
As he entered the junction of Sims Avenue and Sims Way, he was riding above the speed limit of 50kmh and hit a car coming from his left along Sims Way. As a result, both he and the pillion rider were flung off the machine. The pillion rider hit a stationary car and suffered abrasions on his legs, hands and stomach.
Nizam, who was unconscious, and the pillion rider were taken to hospital. Nizam's injuries included a broken kneecap, muscle injury and a collapsed lung. He was warded for 20 days and discharged on Sept 28 with 72 days of hospitalisation leave.
The pillion rider was warded for four days and given 17 days of hospitalisation leave.
Nizam was previously convicted of stealing a motor vehicle in 2015.
When hi-tech executive Oded Rose was 16, he received the opportunity of a lifetime. The son of an art teacher and merchant naval officer, his middle-class family could never have afforded to send him to private school. But the young Israeli by chance heard about Pearson College, a two-year boarding school in Canada that offers scholarships to students around the world to study toward the prestigious International Baccalaureate diploma.
Pearson College is part of the little-known United World Colleges movement, a network of 15 schools founded by a German educator in 1962 with the goal of bringing people of different nationalities together to foster peace and prevent further tragedies like World War II. Rose was the only Israeli at the school, but there was also an Egyptian, a Palestinian as well as students from Europe and the Americas. After graduation, Rose returned to Israel to join the army, but his experience at Pearson stayed with him.
“I was 25 when I said to myself, ‘a school like this that teaches peace. We should have one here in Israel, where we really need peace.'”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Twenty-five years later, with little fanfare or publicity, Rose has made his dream a reality.
A year and a half ago he opened EMIS, the Eastern Mediterranean International School, on the campus of Kfar Hayarok, an agricultural youth village located between Tel Aviv and Ramat Hasharon. The school currently hosts 140 students, 20 percent of whom are Israeli Jews and Arabs, 20 percent of whom are Palestinians or citizens of Arab and Muslim countries, with the remaining 60 percent hailing from lands as diverse as Germany, Cambodia, New Zealand, China and Ecuador. Almost all students receive full or partial scholarships, says Rose, funded by Israel's Ministry of Education, foundations, and private donors. Almost none of the non-Israeli students are Jewish, and there are even students from Afghanistan, Venezuela and Yemen, countries with which Israel has no diplomatic relations.
School spirit
On a balmy Thursday afternoon in February, EMIS students and staff are cheering and shouting a faculty vs. student match in the bleachers of Kfar Hayarok's soccer field. Students chat with each other in English, but occasional snippets of Chinese and Arabic can be overheard. Some wear shiny blue soccer jerseys emblazoned with their names, others sport t-shirts with the words “Peace and Sustainability,” the twin mottos of the school, in English, Hebrew and Arabic.
Maayan Agmon, a student from Israel, says she applied for EMIS after spending a year in Russia, where her mother was an Israeli diplomat.
“I had a choice of going back to my old school or continuing with the international education. There is an American International School in Israel that is very expensive. Here, I got a 90 percent scholarship, so it's $3,000 a year as opposed to $30,000. Also, I liked the school's mission, of promoting peace and sustainability through education.”
EMIS appears, to all intents and purposes, to be an elite boarding school, combining rigorous academics with small classrooms, sports, extracurriculars and access to the libraries and classrooms of Tel Aviv University. Some 12th graders in the program have already been accepted to prestigious universities like MIT and Yale. Rose says that full tuition is in fact $30,000 a year, but only a handful of the 140 students pay this amount. One-quarter of students receive full scholarships, another half get 70 to 80 percent of their costs covered and almost all students receive some assistance. Even without media exposure, 250 students from around the world applied for EMIS's 2015-16 school year, its second year of operation. Only 70 of these applicants were accepted.
Rose says for most of the students at EMIS, the draw isn't necessarily Israel, but the opportunity to get a first-rate education at a relatively affordable cost.
“There aren't many schools that offer the International Baccalaureate at high level and offer scholarships to do it, so a lot of people who can't afford to pay $40,000 or $50,000 come here.”
Maya Kogan, the school's admissions director, says that prospective students tend also to be interested in world affairs and drawn to the school's mission. “Our branding is that it's an opportunity to live in the Middle East with both Israelis and Palestinians and have an academic and social experience.”
Although EMIS has not yet been accepted by the United World College movement, the movement's ethos informs the school, and many students were recruited to EMIS through referrals by the UWC.
In response to a question on Quora, “How are United World Colleges different from other international schools?” one respondent wrote: “International schools offer a more mainstream education and I developed a habit of following American TV shows, fashion trends, and celebrities. Most UWCers live and breathe the idea that ‘UWC makes education a force to unite people, nations and cultures for peace and a sustainable future'. So much so that the debates about fair trade school T-shirt suppliers, installing shower timers to conserve water and ethical treatment of canteen workers would drag heatedly on as everyone had their say.”
No stamp on their passport
Near the soccer field, several Palestinian students and an Afghani student decline an interview, saying they are not sure how people at home will react to their studying in Israel.
But Dana, from Ramallah, is happy to chat. The young woman, who hopes to study fashion design and international business at an American university said that for a long time she harbored plans of studying for the IB as opposed to a Palestinian diploma.
“When I got the scholarship I was so excited and my parents were more excited than me. We visited the school; they told me to go.”
Dana said that studying in Israel is not a big deal for her as she has entered Israeli territory many times, either on school trips or to visit relatives in Jerusalem.
“I was in a private school, and most of my classmates have come here. In the area where I live, people don't mind much, they don't care. But there are areas of Palestine where people would be more against it.”
Asked if the experience of studying at EMIS is what she expected, Dana replies, “It's more than that, it means so much to me.”
Muhammed, from Sana'a, Yemen, says he heard about EMIS from an Israeli friend he met abroad.
“In Yemen I've been active in community service, environmentalism and human rights since the age of 14. My friend said she could see me going to EMIS.”
Because Yemen does not have diplomatic relations with Israel, Muhammed travelled to a third country to obtain a visa. Israeli border control is careful not to stamp his passport when he travels home, which is a moot point at present, since there is a civil war raging in the country and the airport is closed.
Muhammed says that before he came to Israel, he knew it would be developed, but expected the country to be more religious and stricter than he found it to be.
“When I go outside campus, to Tel Aviv, at first people are shocked and surprised. They say, ‘No way you're from Yemen — are you a Jew or do you have another passport? And I say, no, I'm from Yemen. But afterwards they believe it and are really welcoming.”
A bulb in the darkness
Oded Rose lives on Hakfar Hayarok's campus. He is not the school's pedagogic principal, but the CEO of the foundation that founded the school. Nevertheless, he often eats dinner with students in the youth village's kibbutz-style dining hall or takes part in their evening activities. EMIS students live and mingle with students from the much larger Kfar Hayarok boarding school, which has evolved over the last ten years from a school for underprivileged youth to one of the country's best and most selective educational institutions.
After his army service, Rose obtained a Master's degree in medical research from Tel Aviv University and an MBA from Wharton, and has spent 30 years in Israel's high-tech industry, most recently as CEO of Flow Industries, which develops technologies for water, oil and gas well stimulation. But six years ago, at the age of 45, Rose said to himself, “In five years I will be 50, I had better get on with my dream.”
Rose approached the Ministry of Education and the Foreign Ministry about creating a school along the lines of the one he attended as a teenager in Canada. Both ministries were very enthusiastic, he says.
“It's not propaganda for Israel,” he stresses. “The idea was to bring people together, to change preconceived ideas about people we don't know. Israelis rarely have a chance to meet Arabs, and Arabs don't meet Israelis except if they're soldiers with guns. There is a lack of information and lack of opportunity to meet each other. When you meet in a setting like this, you are a person, not an enemy. You can speak to each other even if you don't agree.”
Rose said it was important to him that his school be multilateral rather than bilateral — not just Palestinians and Israelis, or Arabs and Jews.
“It's international, it's not just about the conflict. You don't talk about the conflict all the time and live the conflict. It's defusing the whole conflict issue, and people just become people: Mohamed and Roey and Sofia.”
Rose says that if he can raise the money, he hopes to open several more schools like EMIS throughout Israel, with the first two planned for Givat Haviva and Jerusalem.
“It's like a lightbulb in the darkness. Things have become pretty bleak around here. If we have a few more bulbs, it's better than not having anything. In the dark, even a small bulb can be seen from afar.”
But the school is not without its critics. In 2013, Shaul Amsterdamski wrote in the Calcalist financial daily that the planned EMIS school would offer, at taxpayer expense, conditions and opportunities that most Israeli high school students can only dream of: small class sizes, top-notch instruction, and a fast-track to the global upper class. Amsterdamski predicted that the presence of this school, and others like it, in Israel will spur the Israeli elite to abandon the public education system for institutions that offer bells and whistles like the IB.
“The International Baccalaureate is the winning ticket that will attract the best sons and daughters of the upper class,” wrote Amsterdamski. “It is their exit ticket to the wider world. Finish high school, my child, get your International Baccalaureate, take the foreign passport that mommy and daddy carefully prepared for you, and you're set. Good luck, don't forget to write home, and don't worry, we'll pay your college tuition abroad.”
Defenders say that competition from private schools will raise the standards of Israeli education as a whole.
Happy, engaged and ambitious
Later in the evening, this reporter interrupts a few 11th graders playing “Capture the flag” to ask them what students at EMIS are like.
“We came here being the best in our schools,” says Gebri Mishtaku, a Christian from Albania, whose dream is to get into MIT and become a mathematician. “Some kept their status; some are trying to keep it.”
Mishtaku says the student body is very diverse, but if there's one thing that unites the students, it's that their ordinary schools back home seemed too small for their imaginations and aspirations.
“Some of us want to become politicians, some want to be scientists and mathematicians, like me. We're interested in politics and current issues, in higher ideals, in the bigger picture.”
Nasma, from Marrakesh in Morocco, says that she had been involved with a group called United Youth Journalists, where students wrote about global issues and what was happening in their own countries.
“I really liked the atmosphere in that group. Through them I heard about EMIS.”
Miriam Azem-gal, from a mixed Jewish-Arab background, said it wasn't easy leaving her Hebrew-speaking school in Haifa to take high-level courses in English. But the more she learned about the school, the more she felt it was for her. Azem-gal is taking high-level courses in math, physics and English and hopes to attend university in Canada.
Asked if she has a lot of homework, Azem-gal laughs, “I'll probably be working all weekend. I have three tests next week.”
On top of their academics and sports, students at EMIS do community service projects like volunteering at the ARDC center for African refugees in Tel Aviv and tutoring children in the Arab village of Jasr A'zarka.
Two weeks ago, Rose piled a few students into his car, and they drove across the Jordanian border to visit and volunteer in Syrian refugee camps.
“These students feel like they're part of something bigger than themselves, that they're making a real difference” says Rose.
But Mishtaku, the Albanian student, says that despite appearances to the contrary, EMIS students are not happy and engaged all the time.
“What surprised me is that sometimes we don't get along,” he says, pointing to cliques in the school and situations where some students talk too loudly at night.
“We're human, after all. We still have clashes and drama. We're teenagers.”
THE VALLEY BELOW // FALL // BEHIND-THE-SCENES Sept 18, 2013 HERE IS A first look behind the scenes of The Valley Below's August shoot in the Drumheller valley. This video looks inside the "Fall" section of the film starring Kris Demeanor, Mandy Stobo, and Carrie Schiffler. _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
THE VALLEY BELOW // SUMMER // BEHIND-THE-SCENES March 3, 2014 AT LONG LAST! Here's a second look behind the scenes of The Valley Below's August shoot in the badlands of central Alberta. This video looks inside the "Summer" section of the film starring Mikaela Cochrane and Joe Perry, featuring original music by Rae Spoon. We're now in the midst of post-production and the end is finally in sight. More news soon! ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
THE VALLEY BELOW // FESTIVAL POSTER May 3, 2014 WE'RE VERY PLEASED to unfurl the official movie poster for The Valley Below. This beautiful work was done by Montreal artist/designer Simon Roy. Trailer and more news soon! ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
THE VALLEY BELOW // TEASER May 23, 2014 HERE IS THE the first teaser/trailer for The Valley Below. This video features some of the amazing original music composed for the film by Gavin Gardiner of The Wooden Sky. The full film is finally finished and we've just begun festival submissions, more news soon! ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
THE VALLEY BELOW // WINTER // BEHIND-THE-SCENES July 3, 2014 OUR THIRD LOOK behind-the-scenes of The Valley Below. This video examines the making of the "Winter" chapter, featuring interviews with lead actors Lori Ravensborg and Stephen Bogaert. It also catches up with composer Gavin Gardiner of The Wooden Sky on his contributions to the film. Festival premiere news coming next month! ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
THE VALLEY BELOW // TRAILER // WORLD PREMIERE AT TIFF 2014 Aug 6, 2014 WE COULDN"T BE happier to announce that The Valley Below will have its World Premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival in September 2014. The film will be presented as an official selection in the Discovery program, and director Kyle Thomas will be competing for the prestigious City of Toronto Best Canadian First Feature Film Award. TIFF's full screening schedule will be announced August 19, 2014, with single tickets for The Valley Below on sale as of August 31. More festival news coming soon! ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
THE VALLEY BELOW // CSA NOMINATIONS 2015 Jan 20, 2015 WE ARE HONOURED to be nomiated for two Canadian Screen Awards from the Academy of Canadian Cinema and Television for The Valley Below. Kris Demeanor is nominated for Best Supporting Actor for his performance as Warren, and Dan Mangan is nominated for Best Original Song for the film's closing song “Wants”. The awards will be announced on March 1, 2015, in Toronto! ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
THE VALLEY BELOW // CANADIAN THEATRICAL RELEASE 2015 March 5, 2015 THIS MONTH WE are excited to bring The Valley Below to theatrical audiences all across Canada with the support of A71 Entertainment. Earlier this week we kicked off Canadian Indie Film Week with screenings at 18 Landmark Cinemas across the country, before opening in Toronto, Calgary, Vancouver, and Ottawa for an extended release beginning March 6, 2015. Please come out and see the film! ________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
When we formed our Coalition just nine weeks ago, we did so because we shared a view that our country needed strong and stable government to steer it through a time of enormous difficulty. With the largest peacetime deficit in our history, the inevitable short-termism of an unstable minority government wouldn't have been good enough. So we put aside our differences to work together in the national interest, and have set to work tackling Britain's debt.
But, for both of us, sorting out the public finances is a responsibility, not a passion. We didn't come into politics just to balance the books. We are both ambitious for Britain: we want to change our country for the better. We want to see the best schools open to the poorest children, a first-class NHS there for everyone, streets that are safe, families that are stable and communities that are strong.
Whatever the differences that exist between us and our parties, we both passionately believe in giving people more power over their lives. It has become increasingly clear to us that we can be a strong, reforming government if we build outwards from the instincts we share.
But our commitment to give power away isn't just born of instinct; it has been strengthened by the evidence of the past. For decades, governments have assumed that the only way to make things better is to centralise. Of course, central government has a crucial role to play, but it cannot and should not try to do everything. It's time for the central state to allow the genius of grassroots innovation, diversity and experimentation to take off.
We know this won't be easy. We know that the political machine has an inbuilt tendency to centralise. That's why we are bringing in a new way of coordinating government action. Last week we started publishing Structural Reform Plans, one for each government department. Don't let the dry name fool you. These are radical documents that are going to change the way government works.
Each government department has its own plan, with a list of objectives and deadlines to achieve them by. So far, this might sound like the last government with its Public Service Agreements and Prime Minister's Delivery Unit. The difference is in what we're asking departments to do – not to control things from the centre but to put in place structures that will allow people and communities to take power and control for themselves. In place of the old tools of bureaucratic accountability – top-down regulation and targets – are the new tools of democratic, bottom-up accountability – individual choice, competition, direct elections and transparency.
Decentralisation will mean different things across different services. In the plan for schools published last week we identify the major task for the Department for Education: to set schools free, encourage diversity and allow people to start up new schools, thereby opening up the state monopoly on education.
Instead of teachers thinking they have to impress the department, they will have to impress parents, who will finally have a real choice over where to send their child. The most disadvantaged children will benefit from a "pupil premium" so that schools have an incentive to take them on, rather than the incentives they have at the moment to keep them out.
Today we launch our White Paper on health. Yes, we're committed to increasing NHS resources in real terms in each year of this parliament, but we're also committed to reforming the NHS. To help achieve that we'll make sure every penny is spent more effectively, removing £1 billion a year by 2014/15 from bureaucracy and waste.
The plan for health, like all the others, says a lot about the Coalition – not just that we're committed to reform, but that the very act of combining our policies has made us more radical about decentralising power.
It combines Conservative thinking on choice and competition with the Liberal Democrat belief in local democracy to create a truly radical vision for the NHS – giving general practitioners authority over commissioning and patients much more control, and ensuring democratic accountability with councils taking greater responsibility, in particular over public health.
Dealing with the deficit will be painful, but if we ensure reform goes alongside it, Britain will be stronger, freer and fairer. We hope and expect that people will look back at the days when central government held all the power and think it arcane and bizarre. If we continue on the path laid by these plans, if we are bold enough to let go of the controls of government and if we can truly empower people and communities, this country has a great future to look forward to.
In an epic display of political trolling, a super PAC co-founded by Karl Rove on Tuesday threw its support behind Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz in her congressional primary race, saying the group stands with Ms. Wasserman Schultz against her “ultra-liberal outsider” opponent.
“Congresswoman and DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz has played a critical role over the past several years in the massive Republican gains we have achieved at the state level, in the U.S. House of Representatives, and in the U.S. Senate,” said Steven Law, president and CEO of American Crossroads.
“Wasserman Schultz's leadership has also been a catalyst for the emerging civil war in the Democratic Party this year, ensuring that their nominating process will drag on far longer than that of Republicans,” Mr. Law said.
“Voters of the 23rd District of Florida should know — American Crossroads stands with Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz in her primary against ultra-liberal outsider Tim Canova, and they should too,” Mr. Law said.
Mr. Rove, the architect of President George W. Bush's 2000 and 2004 campaigns, helped found the group in 2010.
Ms. Wasserman Schultz has recently been engaged in a high-profile spat with Sen. Bernard Sanders and Mr. Sanders' presidential campaign.
Mr. Sanders said in an interview that aired on CNN over the weekend that he favors law professor Tim Canova, Ms. Wasserman Schultz's opponent, in the Aug. 30 Democratic primary contest.
The Vermont senator also said that if elected president, he would not re-appoint Ms. Wasserman Schultz to head the DNC.
Speaking on MSNBC Tuesday, Mr. Canova said he raised roughly $250,000 after Mr. Sanders announced his support for his candidacy, but that he raised more than $1 million in four months before Mr. Sanders' support.
He also said he isn't concerned about being used as a pawn in a proxy war.
“We have got our own campaign, we have our own agenda,” Mr. Canova said. “And we're gaining a lot of traction here in south Florida. It's unfortunate to see the party divided at the national level.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
#TIDALforALL
Every movement throughout history began with a few individuals banding together with a vision, a vision to change the status quo.
That vision came to life with a first step. Our first step begins today through the platform TIDAL.
TIDAL is an artist majority owned company with a mission to reestablish the value of music, the protection of the sustainability of the music industry rooted in creativity and expression.
Just as our vision is to introduce change to the current system, during the upcoming months we will continue to expand this platform into an all-encompassing destination. We are working diligently everyday to enhance the overall service.
Today, the site encompasses high quality sound, video, exclusive editorial but there are more features on the way. In time, TIDAL will be not just a streaming service but a platform with enhanced experiences.
With TIDAL we are making a commitment to build a platform that reflects ideas contributed directly from artists, providing an enriched experience. Music presented and heard the way the artists intended.
We want our mission with TIDAL to spark conversation and lay a foundation for tomorrow's burgeoning star.
Our movement is being led by a few inviting all to band together for a common cause, a movement to change the status quo…
Today marks the next step …
#TIDALforALL
ACT leader David Seymour says the current reparation system is unfair to victims, who rarely get the full amount of reparation they are owed.
Victims of crime would get reparation paid immediately, and in full, under an ACT policy that would see Government officials recouping costs from criminals by docking their pay or even selling their property.
Ministry of Justice Figures from earlier this year revealed outstanding reparation orders grow by millions of dollars each year, with some criminals thumbing their noses at the justice system by refusing to pay, in some case meagre, court-ordered amounts.
The top five offenders collectively owe more than $2.3 million but had paid back only $75,000 by the end of February this year.
One of those offenders had not made any attempt to pay the court debt since being sentenced.
READ MORE:
* They owe their victims millions in reparation, but some refuse to pay back even a few dollars a week
* Victims face long wait for reparation
* Father, 85, speaks of daughter's betrayal: 'I never dreamt that she would do it'
* ACT policy to reduce prisoner sentences a deft political move
* ACT says it will give schools $20k more per teacher, if they abandon union contracts
ACT Leader David Seymour said it was an unfair system.
"Ministry of Justice figures show that criminals who owe millions of dollars in reparations routinely ignore court orders to make even the smallest payments to their victims," he said.
"In February 2017, accumulated reparation debts equalled $122m. In 2016, courts ordered $30.4m dollars of reparations, with only $23.3m being paid."
Currently, courts can only pay victims after receiving payment from the offender. In many cases that is drip-fed in small amounts, depending on how much the court determines the offender can afford.
"It wastes their time with bureaucracy and traps them in a continuous cycle of dealing with the crime. When expected payments stop, it's a form of re-victimisation," Seymour said.
"ACT would create a reparation fund so that victims get immediate payment at sentencing. This fund would be revenue neutral as it will be repaid by the offenders."
The Ministry of Justice would then be responsible for chasing offenders for repayment to the fund, by docking their wages or benefit, or taking their property and selling it, he said.
"The policy is the latest in a suite of law and order promises from ACT. The party was responsible for the introduction of the three-strikes rule for violent crime.
Early this week, Seymour announced a hardline policy aimed at parents whose children were not showing up for school.
Act would require compulsory parenting classes for children who were persistently truant, and increase the fine for parents of truant children from $15 a day to $50 a day. The maximum fine would increase from $150 to $500.
Beneficiary parents who would be stung by the policy would be put on "income management" by the Ministry of Social Development.
A pair of ideas have orbited the further reaches of the political solar system over the last century. Both are ill-understood but have enthusiastic groups of supporters, backed in both cases by parts of the left and right. Both are simple but would have powerful consequences – and now the debate on both is bringing them closer to the light.
One is Land Value Tax, which Reform Scotland also supported last year as one of a range of ways local authorities should be able to fund their work. And the other is Basic Income, which is having a bit of a moment.
When something is supported by both the Adam Smith Institute and the Scottish Green Party it's surely worth closer consideration, even if just to work out why. And the arguments are compelling.
We have a vexed relationship to work. In some cases people are lucky enough to be paid well to do something they love – but far more people are either unemployed or working simply to get by, while others live off unearned income. The bureaucratic infrastructure around work can also be complex and demoralising, whether that's self-assessment, the policing of toilet breaks, or the increasingly incomprehensible and barbaric sanctions regime for those in receipt of social security payments.
The media demonise those who don't work, even when it's (to channel the Adam Smith Institutite) not rational for them to do so, given the cost of withdrawn social security payments. It's even more rational when what's offered is temporary work, and all those forms have to be filled in again from scratch soon: I know this from my own experience.
The left want power and money redistributed to the poorest in our society – and basic income does that. For their part, the sensible right want work to pay for all – and are increasingly seeing that basic income is the most efficient way to make that happen.
There's other support out there too. On one hand many in the tech industry think it could cushion the blow of increased automation, although their version of it tends to come with a libertarian war on other parts of the state. Closer to home, the Sex Worker Open University argues that “if every person in the UK was entitled to a universal basic income, no one would be pushed by absolute poverty into selling sex.”
The model Siobhan and I have written up with Reform Scotland certainly doesn't come with Silicon Valley's libertarian agenda, although we can agree with them that the current social security system comes with a side order of intrusive and expensive state bureaucracy. Instead it unifies tax and social security within one department, and it uses progressive taxation to redistribute to those who need it, including to parents. It also merges National Insurance into income tax, removing some extraordinary kinks in that system – I admit I didn't know that the NI rate falls to 2% on income over £42,385, for example. And then it makes a payment to everyone that isn't withdrawn – while all income over it is taxed.
My favourite pair of charts from our report, based on work by the Citizens Income Trust, shows how arbitrary and counter-productive the current arrangements are. If you are unemployed and get offered up to 12 hours' work a week at the current national minimum wage, you should rationally turn it down: you will be no better off. If you work 14 hours a week, you're slightly better off but receive no government support, but at 16 hours a week, tax credits kick in. The chart below shows the impact of basic income. If you work two hours a week, you're slightly better off – every hour you work increases your income by the same amount. It's clear, it's fair, and it helps people get back into work if they can, and if they want to.
As a Green for whom this has long been one of my favourite policies, I personally hope basic income gets proper consideration amongst the other parties. I'm pleased to have worked with Siobhan on this, and I know there are many Lib Dems hoping it'll appear in a future manifesto of theirs, as it did in 1992. Looking at the other parties, Labour's Shadow Chancellor is a supporter, Conservative Home published a piece in favour, and a motion from Caroline Lucas MP on the subject is attracting SNP support right now. After all, why should ending the benefit trap and wanting work to pay be a partisan issue?
Personally I still wish we had voted for independence: then we would be taking the powers to deliver a basic income in just a few weeks. Perhaps there will be another referendum in the medium term, but in the short term I want to see a Scottish Government that makes the case for all work-related benefits to be devolved, so we don't have to wait for independence before we start work on a basic income.
Maybe by then other countries will have schemes in operation we can learn from – there's a lot happening elsewhere. If not, we should be the pioneers.
James Mackenzie is the commercial director at Cutbot and a former head of media for the Scottish Greens. He co-authored Reform Scotland's report, The Basic Income Guarantee.
Across the Deep South, the Southern Poverty Law Center worked with community groups this October as part of Youth Justice Awareness Month, a national effort to highlight the serious and devastating consequences of sending children into adult courts, jails and prisons.
The SPLC uses this effort organized by the Campaign for Youth Justice to draw attention to the plight of young people tried as adults and housed in adult prisons in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and Florida – four states where the SPLC is diligently working to protect the rights of these children.
“Misguided justice policies are taking a terrible toll on young people across this country,” said Rhonda Brownstein, SPLC legal director. “These policies have not only failed to keep our communities safe, they needlessly ruin young lives. Every year, Youth Justice Awareness Month provides us with a great opportunity to reach out to communities and highlight this important issue.”
Florida is a prime example of a state in need of reform. The state transfers more children to adult court than any other – 10,000 over a five-year period. A stunning 98 percent of them were transferred to adult court without a hearing before a judge.
That's because Florida largely puts the decision of prosecuting a child as an adult in the hands of the prosecutor – not a judge – through a statutory power known as “direct file.” This not only pushes children into the adult system, but creates obstacles once they're out of the system and branded as a felon.
The SPLC has been instrumental in developing a broad-based coalition for reform. Although there is much work ahead, there are encouraging signs that more people are recognizing the need for change. Lawmakers have introduced bipartisan legislation in both houses of the legislature to restore the role of judges in determining whether a child should be transferred to adult court.
Four Florida newspapers have joined the call to reform the “direct file” statute that has placed many young people in the custody of the state's beleaguered Department of Corrections. This month, the Florida Association of School Psychologists also added their voice to an array of experts who agree that adult prison is no place for a child.
To help raise awareness during Youth Justice Awareness Month, the SPLC will co-sponsor a screening of the film 15 to Life: Kenneth's Story in Jacksonville tomorrow at the Murray Hill Theatre. The documentary tells the story about a Tampa teen sentenced to four life-without-parole sentences. Locked up for a decade, he thought he would die in prison, but a U.S. Supreme Court decision could set him free. The documentary follows the young man's struggle for redemption.
Earlier this month, the SPLC participated in a panel discussion in Pensacola about the dangers of sending young people into the adult system. The event was hosted by the local League of Women Voters, the Escambia Youth Justice Coalition, the American Civil Liberties Union and the SPLC.
Here are other SPLC Youth Justice Awareness Month events.
1. “The first thing I noticed about ____ was her expertly applied makeup; every time she blinked in my direction, I swear I felt an extra gust of wind. Weird. ____ was sophisticated, girly, even, but had a real sense of tech and video games. I couldn't tell if she was rich or not — she had impeccable fashion sense, but her bag was streaked with paint, almost like a child did it, and her phone was even older than mine — and I'm old.”
2. “I called _____ one Sunday afternoon and he sounded hungover but deeply confident. We spoke for a while — he was incredibly intelligent and well-spoken, but also had the sense that he was deeply funny, almost as if no one had ever not laughed at one of his jokes before. I laughed at all of his jokes, which, I know, pathetic, right? But I want to think about where you were at 32: coddled, praised for everything, wildly overpaid. Just think: wouldn't you be a little pompous too?”
3. “_____ is about ten, but has the maturity and brain capacity of a much older person — I actually felt a little dumb talking to him. He's short, and he's got a cute, cherubic face topped with bright orange curls. He's adorable looking, but you definitely don't want to mess with him.”
4. “When I first met ______ in person, I was struck by two things. He was way smaller than I expected — lanky and of average height. In the photos I'd seen, he was a muscular, barrel chested man covered in tattoos. Wishful thinking? And the second thing, which you can't miss about _____, is that he has small, beady eyes like a reptile.”
5. “_____ is witty, smart, and a little rude; she seemed really interested in my snack drawer, and smelled faintly of Shake Shack. I asked her a couple of questions, but, ultimately, I think _____ is just too lazy to kill, which not something I'd say about everyone. To be thorough, though, I did some research on her — -she has a blog, which she said would explain everything I needed to know, but I couldn't really make sense of it. The blog, by the way — well, I'm not exactly sure what I was expecting her blog to be like, but it's such an adult teen's blog. But there was one name that kept appearing, so I decided to do a little research. Who was Drake, and why was he so sad?”
ANSWER KEY:
1. Kim Kardashian
2. Colin Jost
3. Dexter from Dexter's Laboratory
4. Justin Bieber
5. Literally either me or Haley who even knows
Over 70% of the mobile market share in China belongs to our beloved Android operating system, even though Apple has been gaining ground thanks to aggressively entering the country. Apple's growth in China is likely to continue as the company is committed to expanding its retail presence in China from 15 to 40 stores within the next two years. These tactics coupled with Google's absence in China is something that should worry Google.
You see, despite Android's current dominance in China, your typical Android device sold in China greatly differs from what's found elsewhere around the globe. Android phones or tablets in China are lacking Google services and applications. Google officially left China back in 2010 following cyber-attacks that were attributed to the Chinese government and all Google services are blocked via The Great Firewall of China, because Google vowed to not censor search results. As a direct result, Android devices in China sport various third-party application stores and services such as Baidu, which includes search, a mobile assistant, cloud storage, a browser, a photo app, and more.
With Apple getting on the aggressive with sales in China and Google not making any money off of Google-less Android devices in China, the Mountain View company needs a plan to enter the Chinese market before it's too late. Sundar Pichai himself stated last February that China was an important market, included huge opportunities for Google , and he hoped Google would have a chance to offer other services in the future. Perhaps 5 years is enough to time heal cyber-attack and anti-censorship wounds, especially when money is on the line.
According to The Information, Google is in the final stages of forming an agreement with the Chinese government, which would allow a stripped down version of the Google Play Store, that complies with local Chinese laws, to exist. In other words, this Chinese version of Google Play would be void of any apps the Chinese government doesn't agree with.
The Information also reports that Google has partnerships in place with local Chinese companies to help them achieve these goals. We recently speculated that Google and Huawei's upcoming Nexus smartphone and Android Wear powered smartwatch could be a gateway for Google returning to mainland China and it seems that this is likely the case.
If the reports are true and Google officially returns to China, they're still going to have a large uphill battle with various Android OEMs that are already booming with sales and success without Google's offerings. Google will need to persuade Chinese OEMs into offering Google services and ditch existing partnerships. Besides Huawei, other popular Chinese OEMs include Xiaomi, Oppo, Lenovo, and ZTE. We'll have to wait and see how many of them team up with Google's reported reentry into their homeland.
UFC women's bantamweight champion Ronda Rousey will travel to Brazil for her next title defense where she will face undefeated challenger Bethe Correia in the main event for UFC 190 from Rio de Janeiro.
UFC president Dana White confirmed the new main event during a press confernece on Friday in Brazil.
The timing works out for Rousey, who just recently blitzed top contender Cat Zingano in just 14 seconds for her most recent title defense at UFC 184 in February.
Article continues below ...
The top-ranked fighter at 135 pounds is about to embark on a busy few months with her secondary career as an actress, where she will see two different films premiere ("Furious 7" and "Entourage") as well as her first starring role in the movie "Mile 22."
Assuming Rousey wraps up her film commitments by June, it will give her a full two months to prepare for Correia, who has been gunning for the champion for the better part of the past year.
Correia is undefeated in her UFC career with a 3-0 record, including victories over two of Rousey's closest friends: Jessamyn Duke and Shayna Baszler. Knocking off Rousey's roommates likely secured Correia the title shot along with the Brazilian constantly trash-talking the champion. And now it appears she'll get her chance.
This will be Rousey's first title defense outside the United States, but according to White, the women's bantamweight champion requested this fight take place in Brazil where she will face Correia on her home turf.
Home News Carly Kazempoor May 27th, 2016 - 4:03 PM
Photo Credit: Raymond Flotat
Dethklok, the virtual metal band from the Adult Swim show Metalocalypse, may be coming to an end. In an interview with Metal Insider, singer Brendon Small claimed that he was “basically all but finished” with the band and spoke openly about his issues with the network.
This is surprising news, when one considers the measures taken over the past year to keep Dethklok alive. Last year, it was announced that Adult Swim would not be airing a final set of episodes for Metalocalypse, and therefore would not give Dethklok a proper ending. This enraged fans as well as the band, and a social media campaign was launched to give the band its rightful ending with the help of online streaming service Hulu. Presented by Rocksmith, the Metalocalypse Now campaign targeted fans of the show, the heavy metal community, record labels and other public figures. It aimed to convince Hulu and Adult Swim that Dethklok's ending was well worth showing, and would attract a massive audience. The campaign was supported by many big names including Razer, Scott Ian, Joe Satriani, Metal Blade Records, MetalSucks and Metal Injection.
Small states in the interview that while the Metalocalypse Now campaign was successful, it was not enough to convince Adult Swim to produce the desired content. According to Loudwire, Small claimed that it was not a matter of money or support.
“They were saying that they didn't have enough money, but I thought if we caused enough noise, some financial backers would show up. They actually did, and some people that were willing to offer just shy of two million dollars stepped forward and said, ‘we would love to finance the show and do this final mini-series,' and the network said, ‘No, we don't want to do any more Metalocalypse at all,' and that was the end of it.”
Although the campaign received plenty of attention and nearly 100,000 signatures on the petition, he confirms that the network was simply unwilling to give Dethklok a proper ending. Metalocalypse ended in 2013 after running for about seven years on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim. That same year, they aired a special entitled Metalocalypse: The Doomstar Requiem, a rock opera that was billed as a Klok opera, a play on both the music style and the band's name.
Last year, on assignment for Outside magazine, I headed down to South Carolina to hang out with a bunch of neo-survivalists who call themselves “preppers.” These preppers were basically ordinary suburban Americans who were obsessed with the prospect of civilization-annihilating disaster, anything from an economic collapse to a nuclear attack to a super-flu. So they “prep” – stockpile food, grow their own vegetables, learn first aid, install wells and wood-powered generators (they also tend to stockpile guns. Lots of guns. Frightening amounts of guns). The story is here , if you're interested.
What fascinated me was how the preppers, who are largely (though not entirely) a right-wing bunch, have much in common with today's crunchy neo-homesteaders. They're both interested in self-sufficiency, both skeptical of and institutions, and both worried about potential disasters (crunchy urban homesteader types tend to worry about global warming, etc, rather than nuclear war.). Though their ideologies are very different, their interests are the same – off-grid living, raising chickens, canning, old-fashioned homesteading skills.
I just got back from a trip to see my husband's family in Salt Lake City, where we spent part of the time staying with my husband's oldest brother and his wife and three kids and…their chickens, ducks and quail. Like so many people these days, my brother-in-law and his wife are urban farmers, raising their animals in the small backyard of their hip Salt Lake neighborhood. Several of my neighbors here in Chapel Hill are chicken-keepers as well (there are even a pair of urban goats wandering around!), as are many of the people I interviewed for the book. Most of the neo-homesteaders I interviewed were worried about , food safety and , and also got deep satisfaction out of living closer to the land.
There is also, I think, an element of wish-fulfillment in prepping and homesteading. As I point out in the end of the Outside article, there's something primally appealing about being self-sufficient, free (or free-er, at least) from the constraints of civilization. Or maybe I've just been reading too much Little House on the Prairie
Researching the Outside article made me realize that, cut off from grocery stores and municipal water supplies, I'd last about a week, subsisting on expired cans of tuna and tubs of chocolate-covered almonds. But I have a hard time thinking that “prepping” is a worthwhile use of time, and the ideology of self-sufficiency – whether it's liberal or Tea Party conservative – strikes me as the wrong way of looking at things. If something's broken or close to breaking, I'd rather see people put their energy into fixing it together, rather than adopting an “every man for himself” attitude.
From a foodie perspective, I would to have my own chickens. And a huge garden. And a milking goat. If only someone else would take care of it all…
Thoughts? Any preppers/neo-homesteaders/aspiring off-griders out there?
Volkswagen AG will pay owners of its polluting diesel cars up to $7,000, and agree to fund a grant program to offset air pollution, under a $10 billion settlement being negotiated for submission to a federal judge next week, people familiar with the talks said. (Photo: John MacDougall / Getty Images)
Washington — Volkswagen will reportedly pay up to $7,000 apiece to owners of its diesel cars that were rigged to cheat U.S. emission standards under a $10 billion settlement that is scheduled to be submitted to a federal judge next week.
The payouts will go to 482,000 owners of U.S. diesel vehicles on which the automaker installed software to skirt federal emission rules, according to Bloomberg News and the Associated Press, which cited unnamed sources.
Payments reportedly will range from $1,000 to $7,000, depending on the vehicle's age and other factors. Prices for used VW diesels have fallen 19 percent since the scandal broke, according to Kelley Blue Book. And it's expected that some cars can't be retrofitted to meet emission standards.
Jack Nerad, executive editorial director and market analyst at Kelley Blue Book, said the settlement “is immense and will likely involve a significant number of vehicle buy-backs.”
But he said the agreement will allow Volkswagen to emerge from the emissions scandal that has “plagued it for months and put a pall over the brand's efforts to become a more major factor in North America.”
“The dollar figure doesn't include the harm that has been done to Volkswagen's reputation and, most importantly, the managerial chaos the scandal caused both here in the United States and in Wolfsburg,” Nerad said in a statement. “As one of the largest of the world's carmakers, VW has the resources to fix the cars, pay the fines and move on with its corporate life, but time will tell what effects the managerial purges and brain drain will have on the company.”
Volkswagen is expected to present the terms of settlement to a federal judge in San Francisco next week. The company declined a request from The Detroit News for comment on the reported agreement on Thursday.
Terms are subject to change, but the agreement will include funding for a grant program to offset air pollution caused by the diesel cars, Bloomberg reported.
U.S. District Judge Charles Breyer initially had ordered Volkswagen to submit a plan for repairs or compensation for the owners of the diesels by March, and, later, April. A previous plan by Volkswagen to fix 8.5 million diesels in Europe did not meet California's more stringent standards.
The beleaguered German automaker was accused by the EPA in September 2015 of selling diesels for years with software that activated required air pollution equipment only during emissions tests. They had been marketed as “clean diesels” for the company's Volkswagen, Audi and Porsche brands between 2008 and 2015.
Volkswagen has admitted to programming its diesel cars to trick emissions testers into believing the engines released far less pollution into the air than they actually do, in violation of the federal Clean Air Act. Regulators have said that in normal driving they emitted up to 40 times more smog-causing nitrogen oxide than the legal limit.
Rebecca Lindland, senior analyst at Kelley Blue Book, said the settlement for compensating owners “appears to have all the elements of a reasonable agreement for most parties, covering compensation for owners and for the government, providing a choice of resolutions to owners.”
Volkswagen's reported settlement dwarfs the $900 million paid to settle criminal charges by General Motors Co. over its handling of vehicles with a dangerous ignition switch flaw that were subject to a high-profile recall in 2014. The total cost of the scandal to GM, including compensation to victims and recall costs, is more than $2 billion to date. The faulty ignition switches were linked to 124 deaths and 274 injuries by GM's compensation fund.
Toyota similarly paid $1.2 billion under a 2014 settlement for its handling of cars that experienced unintended acceleration when their gas pedals stuck in a depressed position or became entrapped by floors mats. The problems were linked to at least 89 deaths and 57 injuries, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration.
It is difficult to estimate how many drivers have been harmed by Volkswagen's emissions scandal, but the Massachusetts Institute of Technology estimated in a 2015 study that excess pollution from the cars that were rigged to cheat federal environmental standards will contribute to 60 premature deaths in the United States.
Jessica Caldwell, Edmunds.com director of industry analysis, said “it's a bit difficult to make apple-to-apples comparisons with other settlements because it's not a direct safety issue like in other automaker cases.
“Of course, $10 billion is a big hit no matter what company you are, but it's a hit that Volkswagen can absorb,” she said. “What's important for VW is that it's finally addressing the issue and now it can try to move forward.”
Arthur Wheaton, an automotive industry specialist at Cornell University's Industrial and Labor Relations School, said the fines for Volkswagen are likely worse than penalties doled out to other automakers in recent years because the EPA has the ability to levy much higher fines than the Department of Transportation and most other federal agencies.
“The fine for EPA violations are $37,500 per vehicle and that can be doubled since Volkswagen knowingly and willfully violated the rules,” Wheaton said. “So the total could have easily been over $36 billion and that money would not include 50 additional lawsuits from each U.S. attorney general for every state.”
Volkswagen owners in Michigan were still taking in the news of the settlement on Thursday. Kevin Baur, a 42-year-old from Jackson, hasn't been overly concerned about the emissions cheating scandal and said he's pleased with the reported settlement. He bought a 2015 VW Golf SportWagen TDI in June and never considered selling after the scandal broke.
“I wasn't that upset, but if they throw me money I'll be more than happy to take it,” he said. “Hopefully this is something that can help them move along.”
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/28PkST0
Kasey Girard found this film strip of two children on Oct. 9 in Santa Rosa. She's looking for the rightful owner of the photo.
Kasey Girard found this film strip of two children on Oct. 9 in Santa Rosa. She's looking for the rightful owner of the photo.
- People have lost so much during these devastating wine country wildfires, but Kasey Girard of Windsor hopes that one family can get something back: A film strip showing two young children playing in a green plastic pool on a lawn, a young boy in a striped shirt and a buck-naked girl wearing a sun cap.
The 31-year-old mother of three - with her fourth on the way - found the negatives (yes, negatives) with a slightly burned hole in the right corner on Friday about 10:45 a.m. near her parent's Santa Rosa home at Wright Street and 14th Avenue. She was shocked. Not only hadn't she seen negatives in "forever," but the moment she saw the photos, she said her "heart sank."
"The first thing I thought is, 'Oh my God,'" she said Monday. "This is probably from a photo album and could potentially be the only thing this family has left.'"
She shared the photo on her Facebook page, but is hoping that more people will look at the children and figure out who their loved ones are who lost the film strip.
Girard herself knows she would want the photos back. She is at home caring for Parker, 13, Mason, 11 and Mateo, 20 months and waiting for baby Marcos, to arrive. As she was talking to KTVU on Monday, she was 2 centimeters dilated.
As for her husband, Nate Girard, well, let's just say he's busy, too. He's a Berkeley firefighter on the front lines.
And he was supposed to be dispatched on the Berkeley engine sent up to help fight the Tubbs Fire on Oct. 9, where one firefighter captured dramatic video of the blaze in its early fury.
But she begged him not to. She needed him close in case the baby came.
Now, she'd just really like to connect the family with the lost photos. "Who knows?" she asked. "This might be the only picture they have."
If you know who the photo belongs to, please message Girard through messenger on Facebook.
So, I know Is a huge fan of all things cool, and things 20% cooler, but this picture contains so much cool (what with the snow, the scarves, scootaloo's boss hat) I don't know if anypony would be able to handle it! Anywhoof... I worked on this all day yesterday, and felt I'd upload the hand drawn completely version... I'm a make an edit, but not til i get home with my scanner and can get some better quality and stuff yo. So, I tried a twist of my own style on this one.. though that's probably apparent. TELL ME IF...You think this style is okay, and I should try harder to be more original.OR.Should go for a more FIM compatible style. Was gonna do more drawings like this one this week, so... It shall be a surpriseLOVE YEW GAUIZE.
A Nova Scotia woman had a scare this weekend after discovering she was driving around suburban Halifax with a man concealed in the trunk of her car.
Halifax RCMP say they were tipped off on Sunday afternoon by someone who said they saw a suspicious man sneaking around a property in Cole Harbour and climbing in the back seat of a car parked in the driveway.
It's believed the doors were unlocked and the man got into the trunk through seats that fold down.
A woman and her female passenger then went for a ride and pulled into a driveway in West Lawrencetown.
That's where police gave her some shocking news.
"Officers then spoke with the driver and advised her of the suspicious persons complaint they were investigating. The driver indicated that only she and a female passenger were in her vehicle," said Cpl. Greg Church.
RCMP carried out a "high risk" takedown. With guns drawn, they popped the trunk and found a man hiding inside.
Police say he was in the car for 1.5 hours and that he and the victim know each other.
A 38-year-old man Lake Echo man is charged with criminal harassment. He's also charged with breaching an undertaking for allegedly contacting the woman that evening, about three hours after he was discovered in her vehicle.
He's in custody, and the Crown says a bail hearing will be held on Friday.
Police are reminding people to check their vehicles and keep their car doors locked.
BANGKOK (Reuters) - A United States aircraft carrier strike group has begun patrols in the South China Sea amid growing tension with China over control of the disputed waterway and concerns it could become a flashpoint under the new U.S. administration.
Sailors man the rails as the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier departs on deployment from Naval Station North Island in Coronado, California, U.S. January 5, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake
China's Foreign Ministry on Wednesday warned Washington against challenging its sovereignty in the South China Sea.
The U.S. navy said the force, including Nimitz-class aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson, began routine operations in the South China Sea on Saturday. The announcement was posted on the Vinson's Facebook page.
The strike group's commander, Rear Admiral James Kilby, said that weeks of training in the Pacific had improved the group's effectiveness and readiness.
“We are looking forward to demonstrating those capabilities while building upon existing strong relationships with our allies, partners and friends in the Indo-Asia-Pacific region,” he was quoted as saying by the Navy News Service.
Friction between the United States and China over trade and territory under U.S. President Donald Trump have increased concerns that the South China Sea could become a flashpoint.
China wrapped up its own naval exercises in the South China Sea on Friday. War games involving its own aircraft carrier have unnerved neighbors with which it has long-running territorial disputes.
China lays claim to almost all of the resource-rich South China Sea, through which about $5 trillion worth of trade passes each year.
Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam also claim parts of the waters that command strategic sea lanes and have rich fishing grounds, along with oil and gas deposits.
The United States has criticized Beijing's construction of man-made islands and build-up of military facilities in the sea, and expressed concern they could be used to restrict free movement.
MADRID — In the campaign before regional and local elections across Spain on Sunday, Alberto Fabra, the leader of Valencia, decided he was drawing a “red line” under years of corruption. He would not, he pledged, allow any indicted official from his Popular Party to run again for office.
The problem has been finding politicians who are not indicted. His red line has turned out to be more gray instead.
Across this region, about 50 indicted politicians are hoping to win re-election on Sunday, even as they prepare to appear before courts in cases related mostly to the mishandling of public money, like taking kickbacks to award city contracts.
While Valencia Province, on Spain's central Mediterranean coast, stands out as perhaps the most prominent example of the recycling of tainted politicians, the problem is one that plagues the entire country.
Despite threats from right-wing groups, LGBTQ rights activists in Turkey are pressing on with plans for a Pride parade in Istanbul this Sunday. Yes, a Pride parade. And yes, in Turkey, a country that has adopted increasingly conservative social policies in recent years.
If it goes ahead — admittedly a big if — the parade would be a milestone for Turkey's LGBTQ community, which has had its past two Pride events violently disrupted by government forces.
The biggest threat to the event may come not from hardline President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan — who has taken on even more power by declaring a state of emergency in the country — but from far-right groups like the Alperen Hearths, which has links to ultranationalist and neo-fascist organizations in Turkey.
“If the state allows it, we will not. We will not allow them to walk,” Kürşat Mican, the head of the Alperen Hearths, said on national TV. “Wherever they march, we'll also go. We will close down that street and they will not be able to go there. If we want, our numbers can reach 200,000.”
Threats like these were cited by the government when it blocked the parade in 2015 and 2016.
"Such a meeting and demonstration march will not be allowed to take place by our governorate, taking into account the security of our citizens, in particular the participants, as well as the public order,” the government said in a statement last year.
LGBTQ activists have tried to push on with the march in the past two years, without success. In 2015, riot police used water cannons and rubber bullets to drive hundreds of participants away, and in 2016, tear gas was used on those who tried to march.
The timing of Sunday's march could complicate things further. It comes during the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr, which marks the end of Ramadan, a period of fasting that started on May 26 and will end June 24.
That makes this weekend a major test of the ongoing clash between Turkey's secular past and its increasingly religious present.
Turkey used to be surprisingly friendly to its LGBTQ community. Now, not so much.
It wasn't always like this. Activists have gathered in Istanbul for LGBTQ pride since 2003, and until two years ago, they did so in peace. The event, which attracted more than 100,000 participants by 2014, was a vibrant and crucial moment of visibility for the LGBTQ community not just in Turkey but in the Middle East.
For years, Israel and Turkey were the only countries in the region that had Pride parades. Lebanon organized its first one this year, but by and large, the public profile of the LGBTQ community has been low in the Muslim countries of the Middle East and in places like Indonesia.
So why, after a decade of peaceful Pride celebrations, was the event banned in Istanbul in 2015?
Ever since major anti-government protests in 2013, the Erdoğan government has been clamping down on demonstrations, even those without an explicit anti-regime agenda. In addition, even though Turkey is one of the few countries in the Middle East where homosexuality is not a crime, there has been a worrying spread of homophobia throughout the country in recent years that could be linked to the rise of conservative Islamic forces.
The ruling AK party is rooted in conservative Islam and has made it clear it's not an advocate for LGBTQ rights; in 2015, Erdoğan called gay people “members of the sedition.” This has only been made worse by pressure from ultra-conservative groups like the Alperen Hearths, whose positions on the LGBTQ couldn't be less subtle, or less menacing.
“Dear state officials, do not make us deal with these. Either you do what is needed or we will do it,” wrote Mican in 2016. "We are ready to take any risks.”
Anti-LGBTQ attitudes also seem to see a spike during Islamic religious holidays such as Ramadan. Last week, the Turkish transport ministry scrambled to turn off rainbow lights on a highway bridge after receiving a flurry of criticism from conservative residents who thought the display was done in support of LGTBQ rights.
On Twitter, one user wrote, “May Allah punish whoever engaged in this Perverted Propaganda on the 15 July martyrs Bridge in the name of LGBT during the month of Ramadan,” reported the Middle East Eye.
Flashing rainbow lights count for little compared with an entire Pride parade. There's no saying how conservative groups in Turkey will react to people marching through the streets of Istanbul dancing, waving flags, and asserting their identities on the first day of Eid al-Fitr.
Possibly even more worrying is what the government might do to stamp out conflicts. Turkey is still under a state of emergency, which means police can arrest and jail people without usual due process. It remains to be seen if authorities will exert these powers on Sunday. If they do, an LGBTQ community that was once largely left alone will find itself back in government crosshairs.
Sanaa – Yemeni President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi, his prime minister and entire government cabinet resigned en masse today, just 24 hours after Houthi rebels occupied the presidential compound in Sanaa. The resignations give unprecedented power to the Houthis, a Shiite minority from the country's isolated northern highlands.
The political crisis also opens the door to an all-out war over control of the Yemeni capital, involving Sunni political factions and al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, or AQAP. The conflict could also draw in Saudi Arabia, the United States and Iran.
The streets in Yemen's capital are now a maze of checkpoints, a few still manned by government forces wearing military uniforms, but most these days are controlled by Houthis. Unlike government forces, the Houthis are typically dressed in tribal garb–a shawl wrapped around their face and a skirt known as a ma'awaz.
Armed with AK-47s, the Houthis are primarily looking for members of AQAP.
The Houthis, however, are quickly proving that the old adage, “The enemy of my enemy is my friend,” is not always true. While they are bitter enemies of AQAP, the Houthis manning the checkpoints often adorn their AK-47s with stickers bearing the group's motto: “Death to America, death to Israel, curse on the Jews, victory to Islam.”
For the West, this labyrinth of Yemeni politics underscores the complexity of trying to find a reliable ally to fight Al Qaeda's Yemen affiliate, which claimed credit for the deadly attack earlier this month against the offices of Charlie Hebdo in Paris. While the U.S. government had continued to back Hadi as a close partner in the war on terror, it's the Houthis, also known as Ansar Allah, who have been battling AQAP on the streets of Sanaa.
AQAP launched a series of car bomb and suicide attacks against the Houthis starting in late September. At checkpoints around Sanaa, the Houthis are mostly searching for AQAP members trying to smuggle bombs and bomb-making materials into the city. It's often a losing battle, since smuggling explosives can be as simple as placing a Houthi placard—which have the same motto as the stickers on the AK-47s–on a car dashboard to slip through checkpoints.
In a recent AQAP video, which The Intercept translated from Arabic to English, Nasser bin Ali al Ansi, a senior AQAP official, said the group was making steady progress against the Houthis and asserted that AQAP was working on “expanding the geographical area” of its attacks against the Houthis. The AQAP official said that group depends on “booty” it seizes from its enemies, because it lacks sufficient funds to effectively take on the Houthis. He also called on “Muslims to support those Jihadists” fighting the Houthis.
But the Houthis oppose American involvement in Yemen—even to fight al Qaeda—and this helps explain why the Obama administration is unlikely to embrace the new power structure anytime soon. Another reason is that they are seen as aligned with Iran.
For years, the Yemeni government attempted to inflate Iran's influence over the Houthis in the hopes of winning U.S. permission to use counterterrorism funds and assistance to fight the Houthis. According to diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks, senior Bush administration officials consistently rebuffed such requests from the Yemeni government, saying the U.S. government saw the battle against the Houthis as a domestic issue.
The Obama administration has shied away from taking a clear stance on Iran's support for the Houthis.
“We've remained troubled by the history of work between the Houthis and the Iranians,” State Department Thursday spokesperson Jen Psaki said Thursday. “Now we don't assess that there is, or have, new cooperation on that front.”
Saudi Arabia has also portrayed the Houthis as an Iranian proxy, and the kingdom has carried out a number of airstrikes against the movement's strongholds.
One clear source of support for the Houthis come from former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, who is from the same Shiite sect. Saleh is long suspected of playing a direct role in the Houthis' stunning seizure of the capital. This week, several Arab TV networks aired a purported recording of a phone call between Saleh and a senior Houthi leader, with the former president advising on the group's military and political operations.
During his time in power, Saleh often shifted his alliances; he waged six wars against the Houthis from 2004-2010, but at times used the Houthis to crush political opponents. Given that history, many doubt the new power structure, dominated by the Houthi-Saleh alliance, will last.
Saleh and the Houthis “are in love,” said Asham, a student at Sanaa University, who asked that his last name not be used because of the political situation. “But their marriage will end in divorce. They can't live together forever because they both want the same thing–power.”
While the U.S. State Department initially resisted calling this week's events in Yemen a coup, the power shift had already tilted to the Houthis. The rebel group's control was cemented earlier this month, when Hadi quietly signed presidential decrees handing over the security apparatus, which has traditionally functioned as a source of government salaries for leaders' families, friends and tribesmen.
After signing a power-sharing agreement late Wednesday, Hadi had effectively handed over power to the Houthis, who launched a coup earlier this week that culminated in a shootout between presidential guards and Houthi militia. The agreement was expected to make official the Houthis' de facto control over the capital, and today's mass resignation all but ensures the group's takeover.
An AQAP spokesperson welcomed the fall of the government, telling The Intercept: “we operate better in such circumstances.”
“I believe that both Houthis and Saleh are picking their posts,” said Fernando Carvajal, a Yemen specialist and a long-time consultant to non-governmental organizations in the country. “By taking over the police now Houthis and Saleh can recruit militias.”
Shortly after taking over the security posts, the Houthi police chiefs used their new powers to arrest a close aide to Hadi. The government called the arrest a kidnapping.
Hadi's government, in the meantime, was already in a state of retreat; Houthis this week secured control of Yemen state media.
Many see this week's coup as the final culmination of a series of events that started to unfold in January 2014, when Hadi initiated a ceasefire to the months-long battle between Houthis and Sunni Salafists outside the city of Sa'dah, the provincial capital of the Houthi movement. Hadi's mediation resulted in the eviction of about 15,000 Salafist students from Sa'dah Province—a victory for the Houthis.
The Houthis began their takeover of Sanaa in September and started filling newly vacant leadership positions at police headquarters. That was followed by this week's coup, and what now appears to be a near total seizure of power.
While Sanaa has experienced a series of ground-shaking artillery shells, explosions, and semi-automatic gunfire in the past week, businesses outside the immediate fighting areas have remained open, and Yemenis have greeted this latest power play with equanimity. Hisham Al-Omeisy, an information and communications consultant in Sanaa, says that most Yemenis had simply lost faith in government rhetoric. “When speaking of current status quo nowadays in Yemen we say [it's like] the blind trying to apply mascara to the unstable and agitated crazy.”
Photo: EPA/Landov
Paul Sutherland
When my husband died suddenly, it took quite a time for me to accept the single status that I felt had been foisted upon me ― not least the unwelcome endowment to the title of “widow.”
Having experienced a happy marriage for the most part, any thoughts of a future romance with someone else would remain very far from my mind. With two children, a home and a demanding job I had plenty to keep me occupied!
At some point in time, however, I found myself missing the social activities I had once shared with my husband, and the possibility of meeting someone new and being part of a couple again seemed appealing. These thoughts came over me in waves with ever-increasing frequency, and I finally said yes to an invitation to a small party.
I thought I would know at least some of the other guests, but although I recognised certain faces, I hadn't actually met any of them before.
So there I was, floundering in a room full of strangers, most of whom were couples. I had a drink in my hand, an ambient smile and was trying very hard to look relaxed and comfortable. However, I was anything but that.
Eventually, a guy came up and introduced himself and we started to talk about the local school, where we both had children. We were chatting quite amicably when his wife appeared at his side looking somewhat flustered. With a reluctant nod of acknowledgement, she quickly looped her arm through his and dragged him away, giving me a black look in the process.
You might say that this was her problem and not mine, but my confidence plummeted quite drastically. At this point, I was very quick to slip away and did not take up any more invitations for quite some time, unless it was with close friends or family.
Some time after, the husband of a friend who had died a couple of years earlier, invited me to go with him to an exhibition in town. It was a platonic outing and we enjoyed sharing the time together, with both of us appreciating the experience of being out and about with someone of the opposite sex.
After the exhibition, making our way towards the train station, I suddenly realized I was very near to the restaurant where my husband had proposed to me. Finding myself so close to what is, understandably, a venue close to my heart, I suddenly felt overcome with sadness. A feeling I found difficult to conceal from my friend, who was noticeably embarrassed. By the time I arrived home, I was convinced that being out and about with another man, albeit platonically, had just not worked for me.
What I am trying to say here is that every individual is unique and may or may not want to enter into another relationship. Also, for those that do, everyone's threshold is different and it could take a matter of months, or a few years, before you feel absolutely ready.
You will know when the time is right for you and if you fall at the first fence of the dating game, for whatever reason, don't give up. The right man or woman will most certainly be out there waiting for you, and when the opportunity comes along, you can go ahead and seize the moment with confidence.
Voorn's third album, which features a guest appearance from Matthew Dear, will land on November 17th.
Tracklist
On November 17th, Joris Voorn will release his first album in seven years.will come out via Green , the label Voorn has run with Edwin Oosterwal since 2005. It's his third album, following 2004'sand 2007's. There are a few collaborations, most notably with Matthew Dear , who features on "Homeland." Other guest appearances come from Ninja Tune affiliate Kid A (on "A House" and "So Long") and Bram Stadhouders. Voorn also wrote one track ("MoMo") with his father, Joop Voorn.01. The Monk02. A House feat. Kid A03. Homeland feat. Matthew Dear04. The Wild05. Sweets For Piano06. So Long feat. Kid A07. Ringo08. Mugged09. MoMo10. Fall11. Left12. Dust feat. Bram StadhoudersNobody Knows
ALLEN PARK, Mich. -- On the same day he called the kicking game "a work in progress" and brought in even more kickers to take a look at, Detroit Lions coach Jim Schwartz didn't give David Akers a direct vote of confidence Tuesday.
Instead, he said he had confidence in the entire team, and listed Akers with reserve quarterbacks Shaun Hill and Kellen Moore, neither of whom would play a significant snap unless starter Matthew Stafford were injured.
"I'm confident in all 53 guys on our roster," Schwartz said. "That's why they are here, and all 53, if the opportunity went for them to go in a game, whether it's Akers, whether it's Shaun Hill, whether it's Kellen Moore, they are here because we have confidence they can go in and get the job done for us.
"I mean, they don't always, that's just life in the NFL when it comes to trying to be consistent and those things. But that wouldn't affect our judgement putting anybody out there to do their job on Sunday."
This is a minor change from Thursday, when Schwartz gave Akers a vote of confidence following Detroit's 40-10 win over Green Bay.
Over the past two days, the Lions have brought in a multitude of kickers, but Schwartz said the Lions did not sign any of them. He also said Akers, who missed a short field-goal try against Green Bay, is not injured. Akers has made 15 of 20 field-goal attempts this season. So brining in kickers, Schwartz said, is just part of what Detroit has been doing to evaluate players throughout the season.
Referring to Lions general manager Martin Mayhew, Schwartz said, "I think Martin's always been firm in saying that there's no finish line when it comes to your roster. And we have got to be ready for anything that comes up. What's gone on here in the last few days is no different than that."
Despite what Schwartz said, this is clearly looking around in case the team loses enough confidence in Akers and wants to make a switch. This is all happening the same week that Akers will return to Philadelphia, where he has played the majority of his career.
JNS.org – Some 50,000 Israelis flocked to Tel Aviv's Hayarkon Park on Wednesday night to hear the British rock band Radiohead perform in one of the summer's most highly anticipated concerts in Israel.
The sold-out show was the longest the band has played in 11 years, and featured performances of 27 songs from Radiohead's 25-year body of work. The marathon performance was part of a tour for the band's new album, “A Moon Shaped Pool,” and also celebrated the 20th anniversary of Radiohead's hit album “OK Computer.”
During the performance, Radiohead frontman Thom Yorke directly addressed the anti-Israel BDS movement's calls for the show to be cancelled, telling the throngs of fans in attendance before the night's final song, “A lot of stuff was said about this [concert]. In the end, we played some music.”
In the months leading up to the show, former Pink Floyd frontman Roger Waters and South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu spearheaded a BDS petition against the concert. But Yorke, in a Twitter feud with British filmmaker Ken Loach, defended his band's performance by asserting, “Playing in a country isn't the same as endorsing its government. We don't endorse [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin] Netanyahu any more than [US President Donald] Trump, but we still play in America.”
Eight glasses of water a day is the recommended amount. Some might strive to reach that goal but the fact is that most people aren't drinking enough water in a day. If I have a pitcher of healthy flavored water on hand, it is proven that I am more likely to reach that 8 glass requirement. My boyfriend calls it the ‘spa water.' I wasn't sure whether to label this recipe as flavored water, so I settled on iced tea since the ingredients are left to steep, allowing the flavors to meld together.
When I feel stuck in a rut about drinking the same thing day in and day out, I try to put together new flavors to make things more interesting. Usually I use cucumbers and mint, but wanted to try basil in a drink. I wasn't disappointed. And the ginger isn't overpowering; rather it is a subtle flavor. Honey lends a natural sweetness, and can be adjusted to your taste preferences. The iced tea keeps well in the refrigerator, but any batches that I make don't last more than two days.
This tea would also be suitable for when you are entertaining guests. Instead of having regular water around, this iced tea offers a fancier option that doesn't take long to prepare. It adds something special without a lot of extra work. You can easily impress your guests, and yourself, with this flavorful and refreshing drink.
What would a gold-plated Cadillac health care plan look like to you? By the sound of it, you might think it'd cover such superfluities as annual trips to Swiss medical spas, cosmetic surgery on demand and weekly thermal seaweed wraps.
Alas, that appears to be far from the case. As the New York Times reported last week, municipal unions across the country are facing pressure to accept worse health care plans, before the so-called “Cadillac tax” on expensive health care plans kicks in in 2018. Not surprisingly, workers are displeased with the prospect of being downgraded to inferior plans with more out-of-pocket spending.
Advertisement:
Before concluding that such luxurious plans are the sole preserve of supposedly greedy city workers, keep in mind that by the estimate of one health economist, as many as 75 percent of employer health plans could fall under the “Cadillac” umbrella over the next decade. Reasonably good insurance – you know, the kind that covers all of your medical needs, without making you pay an arm and leg out-of-pocket every time you need to use it – has stealthily become the new Cadillac. However much the reputation of General Motors may have fallen in recent years, this seems like a bit of a stretch.
A reasonable observer might be enticed to ask: What on earth is going on here? From whence came this health care Cadillac?
To begin, the nationwide trend towards lower-value health insurance – now enshrined in law in the form of the Cadillac tax – is not, contrary to appearances, some newfangled, desperate cost-saving measure. On the contrary, limiting the scope of employer-based health insurance has been a dream of health policy wonks for decades.
The academic taproots of the idea stretch at least back to the year 1968, with the publication of the economist Mark Pauly's highly influential paper “The Economics of Moral Hazard” in the American Economic Review. “The effect of an insurance which indemnifies against all medical care expenses,” Pauly wrote, “is to reduce the price charged to the individual at the point of service from the market price to zero.” As a result, “no individual will be motivated to restrain his own use … since the incremental benefit to him for excess use is great, while the additional cost of his use is largely spread over other insurance holders.” Although others had made note of this phenomenon previously, Pauly's contribution was to calculate the loss to society as a result of this “excess use,” which he found to be quite substantial.
Thus was the idea of health care “moral hazard” born, otherwise known as the doctrine of: “it's included, so we might as well take it!” We could also more colloquially label it the “salad bar” hypothesis.
From “moral hazard,” in turn, came the idea that that the fundamental, “original sin” of the American health care system was not our failure to enact universal health care, but was instead our creation of a system of tax-favored, overly generous employer-based insurance. Several years after the Pauly paper, along this line of thinking, the prominent economist Martin Feldstein – future chief economist of the Reagan administration – would argue in another important paper that “American families are in general overinsured against health expenses,” and that the right medicine was more deductibles and coinsurance.
Advertisement:
It was not until the early 1980s, in the face of persistently rising health care costs, that this academic concern for “moral hazard” began to hit the pocketbooks of Americans: Between 1982 and 1984, for instance, the percentage of insurance plans requiring some deductible for hospitalization more than doubled, from 30 percent to 63 percent. During the 1990s, on the other hand, the central importance of “cost sharing” was sidelined as corporatized “managed care” took central stage, and insurance companies sought to decrease costs (and thereby increase profits) by limiting care on the supply side.
But with the widespread revolt against managed care in the late 1990s (and with health care costs continuing to rise in spite of it), “moral hazard” again became a prime target for “reform.” The solution was in line with the recommendations of Pauly and Feldstein – higher deductible insurance. President George W. Bush's 2003 Medicare prescription drug law gave us the “Health Savings Account” (HSA) – a tax-free account that could be used for out-of-pocket medical expenses, but which had to be attached to a high-deductible insurance plan. “Consumer-driven” health care plans – not much more than high-deductible plans with the capacity to be coupled with an HSA – quickly became all the rage.
Yet even for those outside these new plans, cost-sharing soared over the decade. Copayments for expensive drugs skyrocketed, sometimes to the tune of hundreds or thousands of dollars, while the percent of employer plans with $1,000 deductibles (or more) tripled.
But this was not enough – the alleged culprit for our continuously rising health care costs was still that dreaded “moral hazard.” Once you paid for the salad bar, after all, why not heap on larger and larger portions of colonoscopies, all-nighters in the emergency room or chemotherapy infusions? By 2008, John McCain was essentially centering his entire health care platform on the vilification of those “gold-plated Cadillac plans,” as he called them, which covered, among other things, such absurdities as “transplants.”
Advertisement:
And in 2010, despite opposition from House Democrats and organized labor, a somewhat limited but still highly controversial “Cadillac tax” made its way into the Affordable Care Act, creating a 40 percent excise tax for family plans valued at greater than $27,500, or individual plans greater than $10,200.
The Age of the Cadillac, it seemed, was finally coming to a close. Health care “consumers” would now have to play with their own damn money. A golden age of improved quality and reduced costs was about to dawn.
Unfortunately, however, we didn't live happily ever after.
Advertisement:
For over these very same years, the idea that we were a nation “overinsured” began to collide with several lines of hard evidence. First, the very existence of a large societal net loss from “overinsurance” was called into question in the academic health economic literature, most prominently by the economist John Nyman. Nyman argued that while there may be some cost to moral hazard, it was far smaller than what Pauly, Feldstein and others had calculated. We use more health care when we are sick, he demonstrated, not because health care becomes free, but because we gain “income” in the form of insurance transfers, which we rationally use to pay for “otherwise unaffordable procedures.”
Second, there was an accumulating body of data in the academic medical literature suggesting that “underinsurance,” not “overinsurance,” was the more serious problem facing Americans. More and more families were seeing higher and higher percentages of their family income consumed by their health care service burden and by out-of-pocket medical expenses. In fact, we were increasingly going bankrupt as a result of our health care expenses – according to one study, in 2007 62 percent of all bankruptcies had a medical cause, despite the fact that in a majority of those cases, those going bankrupt actually already had health insurance. Not much evidence for “overinsurance” in that department, either.
And looking at the problem from another angle, it became increasingly appreciated that the rise in deductibles, copays and coinsurance was having significant effects on our very health. As I described in a recent article, there are clear downsides to becoming “Copay Country.” There is evidence, for instance, that cost sharing may increase the risk of death for the most vulnerable, perhaps because it reduces expenditure on both “inappropriate” and “appropriate” care. In one recent experiment that randomized patients to copays or to full coverage for prescriptions after they suffered heart attacks, those with full coverage took their medications more regularly – and had fewer strokes and other cardiovascular complications as result. And all told, there was still no overall increase in cost, either way.
Advertisement:
Yet, in the face of this growing body of solid evidence, we simply continue to hear more and more about how patients (apologies, “consumers”) need to have more “skin in the game” – as if having their physical hearts, lungs or – in some instances – their skin on the line wasn't enough already.
So don't be surprised if you find, in the coming years, that your semi-reasonable-quality heath insurance – perhaps won through hard-fought negotiation, or maybe earned in exchange for lower pay or other benefits – somehow transforms itself into a taxed "Cadillac" plan. From the perspective of much of the health policy establishment, you've had it too good, for too long, already. And however nice it might sound, they say we simply can't afford truly universal health care, with comprehensive benefits for all and with little or no cost sharing (even if other industrialized countries magically manage to do so, at a lower price, and with better results).
Instead, it's time we tightened our belts, stopped our whining and traded in our Cadillacs, or – depending on which metaphor you find less loathsome – that we finally got off of the salad bar.
You lose again, Governor.
A federal district judge has made permanent a temporary injunction he issued in May to keep Ohio from implementing a law that would have cut about $1.5 million in funding for Planned Parenthood in the state. Ohio officials have said they will appeal. Darrell Rowland reports:
The agency has “established that if the enforcement of (the new law) is not permanently enjoined, plaintiffs will suffer a continuing irreparable injury for which there is no adequate remedy at law,” said Judge Michael R. Barrett of U.S. District Court in Cincinnati. The law stripping about $1.5 million from Planned Parenthood was to have taken effect in May. But the judge, who already slapped a preliminary injunction preventing the law from taking effect, declared the measure violated the First and Fourteenth Amendments. Kellie Copeland, executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Ohio, said, “This is the latest in a series of stinging court defeats for John Kasich and his anti-abortion agenda. State legislators need to stop attacking Planned Parenthood and abortion access because they are going to lose."
Although Planned Parenthood is not named specifically in the law, the organization would have been barred from receiving public funds for being an entity that performs or promotes abortions. The law also would have prohibited public funding of any organization that contracted with an entity that performs abortions, redirecting the money, most of it federal, to other clinics. But, critics argue, most of the clinics on Ohio's list of alternatives do not provide the services to low-income women that Planned Parenthood clinics do.
Only three of Ohio's 28 Planned Parenthood operations actually perform abortions, about a third of the state's total of some 21,000 such procedures performed annually. In its lawsuit, Planned Parenthood's attorneys claimed the law would deny it funding "in retaliation for" providing abortions. The bulk of Planned Parenthood's clinics' efforts are devoted to HIV testing, breast and cervical cancer screenings, and the prevention of violence against women.
Once again, the forced birthers have proved that for all their talk about protecting women, they don't really care about women's health and well-being.
It's encouraging this year to see federal courts telling lawmakers that at least some of their machinations designed to curtail women's reproductive rights aren't going to fly.
On Saturday, the Dallas Cowboys will play in their first preseason game of 2016 when they visit the Los Angeles Rams. As we all start getting a glimpse of what this team can do, many questions will start being answered. I wanted to get some predictions in before it becomes evident to the rest of the world. Here are some quirky predictions for 2016.
Six of the last seven Cowboys first-round draft picks will make the Pro Bowl this season.
If some other team tried to make such a claim, you'd be inclined to think the prediction was ridiculous. And even with the knowledge that four of the last seven Cowboys first-round picks have already made the Pro Bowl, it still might seem like wishful thinking to expect two more make it. But is it really? Ezekiel Elliott and Byron Jones are going to break onto the scene this year. That's not too hard to believe, is it? Many of us expect big things from Zeke this year. A fourth-overall talent plus the best offensive line in football equals big time numbers. If he makes the Pro Bowl, I doubt too many will be shocked.
Jones might be the more intriguing case. His athleticism is not an issue as we know he's got outstanding measureables. The thing standing in his way is how quickly he can master the free safety position. And something tells me it won't be very long. The coaches really put him through the ringer last season, constantly moving him as they challenged him to see what he could handle. He was exceptional at covering tight ends and showed a lot of versatility. He had a very good rookie season, but the experiment is over. It's time to let him excel.
He passed the Cowboys' test. But instead of placing more responsibilities on his desk – asking him to be effective in several roles – the coaching staff is letting him focus on becoming great at one: safety. His range, recognition skills and leaping ability make him a good fit in centerfield.
Jones first full year as a true free safety should produce pleasant results. When you have talent and great mental capacity to learn, it's going to get you places. The Cowboys passed up on Eric Reid in 2013, when they decided to trade out of the 18th spot by trading with San Francisco. Reid flourished at the free safety position with 91 tackles and four interceptions, sending him to the Pro Bowl. It is not unreasonable to think Jones could have that type of season this year.
And six out of seven doesn't even take into account Morris Claiborne. There will be no Pro Bowl talks about him regardless of how much he kills it at camp, however, it is not unreasonable to suggest that all seven of the Cowboys recent first-round draft picks could have a great season in 2016. So when the Cowboys front office tries to sell you on the idea that they're successfully building the team through the draft, it's perfectly okay to buy into that, because let's face it – they are.
Darius Jackson will play so well in preseason, that some people will draft him in their fantasy leagues.
If you play fantasy football and are watering at the mouth about the opportunity to select Ezekiel Elliott, I got some good news for you – his stock will slide. Whether it is an early hamstring injury or the concern about the domestic violence accusation, there will be some dings in his armor when it comes to his outlook. But more than that, the recency bias of preseason games will cloud the perception of the Cowboys running game. Alfred Morris will look good in preseason. Whether he's running behind the starting offensive line or running against second-string competition, he's going to have advantages that other running backs won't have.
Well, except Darius Jackson. He'll have similar advantages. The Cowboys' other rookie running back will get plenty of touches in preseason. The kid from Eastern Michigan that everyone forgot about will be sending out little reminders to the league that he should have been drafted way earlier. After adding Morris in free agency and Zeke with the number-four-overall pick, the Cowboys were stacked at running back but that didn't stop them from going after Jackson. Just like Charlie Day said in the movie Horrible Bosses when he buys all those peanuts, "You can't pass up savings like that."
Jackson would be a deep sleeper in fantasy as it would take a few injuries for his number to be called in the regular season. But in reality football - the Cowboys got themselves a nice find.
Side note: If you do land Zeke in your fantasy draft, it will be very important to handcuff him with Morris. For fantasy, it's not just about the talent of the player, but the situation and we all know from experience that the Cowboys running back situation is very prosperous.
The Cowboys will have a top 10 defense
I deliberately put this last in case people stopped reading when they saw it. Over the last three years the Cowboys defense has shown steady improvement. They have gone from dead last in 2013 (415 yards/game), to 21st in 2014 (361 ypg), to 16th last year (348 ypg). It's even more impressive that they showed improvement despite having one of the worst offensive performances in the league.
The Cowboys defense continues to get better. Just look at the areas where they have improved:
The interior defensive line now has better starters and better depth.
The secondary is stronger than they'll have all three corners, plus Jones now at safety.
The linebacker group is a big question mark, but they only have two of them on the field 70% of the time. With Sean Lee being one of them, that means they'll only need production out of 1.3 linebackers. They should be able to find that with these options:
Anthony "party like it's 2014" Hitchens
Justin "I'm only good when I'm playing" Durant
Damien "paintball warrior" Wilson
Mark "rhymes with Gotcha" Nzeocha
They'll find some good contributions from these candidates.
The only real issue comes from the defensive end position. DeMarcus Lawrence is demonstrating some great play so far this preseason. This is year number three and could be his breakout season. Is he capable of 35 tackles and six sacks? That's what Greg Hardy gave the team in his 12 games of action. Tank should be a solid fixture on the edge, so it all comes down to finding other pass rushers to complement him. It's hard to guess where that would come from, but once again there are plenty of young players who have a shot at breaking out. They just need one of those guys to come through.
Collectively this group has some real potential. They are not going to be one of those elite defenses that carries a team, but they are going to surprise some people.
What zany predictions do you want to stick a flag in before preseason games begin?
Sean Gallup/Getty
Researchers in Romania are stepping up protests against controversial government science reforms. Hundreds of scientists at leading research institutions say they will refuse to sit on national panels that assess and award grants, after the Romanian researchers' association Ad Astra called for the boycott on 30 May. But not all scientists in the country support the move.
Since Romania's current government took power in January, it has replaced formerly independent research councils with state-controlled bodies and has thrown international scientists off review panels. Panels can now only use international scientists to help select grants if no Romanian expert can be found — and even then, only if government officials approve it.
The government has told Romanian media that the changes are to help “capitalize on Romania's national potential”. But researchers say that they are the latest in a series of policy backslides, whereby Romania — which this year celebrates a decade in the European Union — is retreating from international scrutiny of its research funding, and reintroducing political interference into the grant process.
“It is inconceivable for an EU country to intentionally forbid European expert evaluators to participate in national competitions for funding research,” says Daniel David, vice-rector for competitiveness at Romania's Babeș-Bolyai University in Cluj-Napoca. “Just by this decision, researcher competition gets under political influence,” he says.
Papers please
Last month, Romania's government said that scientists had to provide certificates showing that they have their university's permission to participate in the evaluation process. Officially, this is to provide confirmation of a researcher's work status at their organization — but Ad Astra sees the paperwork as a government ploy to approve only researchers who won't be too critical of grant applications. Its boycott asks researchers not to provide the certificates. “The degradation of research management in Romania has reached a worrisome level,” says Ad Astra member Lucian Ancu, who adds that he has received many messages of support for the boycott. The Romanian research ministry did not respond to requests for comment.
After Romania joined the EU in 2007, its government hoped to encourage local scientists to apply for excellence-based European research funds. In 2010, the government introduced laws to increase domestic merit-based research assessments and reduce political interference in grants. Those policies were popular with the most capable scientists at top universities, says Daniel Funeriu, Romania's research and education minister from 2009 to 2012. But others resented them, he says.
In 2012, some of the reforms were rolled back, and the latest moves to exclude overseas experts effectively complete the reversal of these policies, says Funeriu. The government can now decide who gets grants according to its own set of priorities, he says, adding that the risk is that money is distributed to a political clientele and not to excellent science.
The European University Association (EUA) in Brussels says that it deplores the research changes. On 30 May, it issued a statement calling them a “worrying development”. The number of nationally funded projects has dropped, and researchers say that calls for excellence-based grants have been shelved, adds Lesley Wilson, the EUA's secretary-general. She notes that the reforms are part of a long chain of policy changes, which together “do not allow universities to develop long-term strategies”.
But not all scientists in Romania support the boycott. “A lot of people were really hurt by the meritocratic system, so they like the status quo,” says Costin Raiciu, a computer scientist at the University Politehnica of Bucharest. The boycotting scientists pledge that they will rejoin the approval process only when international experts are re-admitted. But the reforms might not be reversed, owing to the split between academics inside Romania, Ancu and Raiciu say. If they are not rolled back, Raiciu worries that many of the country's experienced researchers, tempted back to Romania by the merit-based grant system, will leave again. “Without [merit-based] funding, people would either give up research altogether or move out of the country,” he says.
What Movie Will End Star Wars' Box Office Run? By Eric Eisenberg Random Article Blend
Released back in 1997 – when the release schedule looked entirely different than it does today - Titanic holds the record of consecutive number one weekends at the box office, but what are the movies that are standing in the way of
The Forest Release Date: January 8th
What Is It?: A young woman (played by Game of Thrones' Natalie Dormer in a dual role) goes searching for her twin sister in Japan's Aokigahara – also known as the Suicide Forest. While she struggles to find her sibling, what she does find are more than a few supernatural spirits haunting the woods.
Can it beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens?: To put it bluntly, no. In its release, Star Wars has only dropped about 40 percent each week – and in its third weekend still managed to make more than $90 million. Continuing this trend, the film should still make more than $50 million in competition with In case you haven't heard, J.J. Abrams' Star Wars: The Force Awakens is a box office juggernaut. The movie is well on its way to becoming the biggest domestic hit of all time, and it's entirely possible that it could wind up finding its way into Titanic/Avatar territory on the global scale before too long. After three weeks, the movie has managed to continue to hold on to the top spot on the charts… but that just makes us wonder what movie will be the one that eventually knocks the blockbuster off its pedestal.Released back in 1997 – when the release schedule looked entirely different than it does today - Titanic holds the record of consecutive number one weekends at the box office, but what are the movies that are standing in the way of Star Wars: The Force Awakens shattering that industry best? We've taken a close look at some of the big movies that are set to come out in the next few weeks, and looking at both the individual titles themselves and certain important bits of history, we've analyzed whether or not they will be the one to make Star Wars number two or lower.: January 8th: A young woman (played by Game of Thrones' Natalie Dormer in a dual role) goes searching for her twin sister in Japan's Aokigahara – also known as the Suicide Forest. While she struggles to find her sibling, what she does find are more than a few supernatural spirits haunting the woods.: To put it bluntly, no. In its release, Star Wars has only dropped about 40 percent each week – and in its third weekend still managed to make more than $90 million. Continuing this trend, the film should still make more than $50 million in competition with The Forest , and the horror movie simply isn't going to make that kind of scratch. 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers Of Benghazi Release Date: January 15th
What Is It?: Based on a true story,
Can it beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens?: This one isn't arriving too deep into January, but it actually does stand a moderate chance for exactly two reasons. The first is that Michael Bay is at the helm, and has regularly found an audience in his career. The second is the performance of Clint Eastwood's : January 15th: Based on a true story, 13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers Of Benghazi centers around a security team working at a U.S. Compound in Libya. The facility comes under attack, and an American ambassador is killed as a result, leaving the team the sort out the chaos.: This one isn't arriving too deep into January, but it actually does stand a moderate chance for exactly two reasons. The first is that Michael Bay is at the helm, and has regularly found an audience in his career. The second is the performance of Clint Eastwood's American Sniper around the same time last year (which I guarantee explains the studio's release date choice). Ride Along 2 Release Date: January 15th
What Is It?: On his way to both become a police officer and marry his girlfriend (Tika Sumpter), Ben Barber (Kevin Hart) finds himself traveling down to Miami, Florida with his future brother-in-law and "partner" James Payton (Ice Cube) to try and take down a drug kingpin dealing between states.
Can it beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens?: : January 15th: On his way to both become a police officer and marry his girlfriend (Tika Sumpter), Ben Barber (Kevin Hart) finds himself traveling down to Miami, Florida with his future brother-in-law and "partner" James Payton (Ice Cube) to try and take down a drug kingpin dealing between states. Ride Along 2 stands a decent chance of being the movie that takes Star Wars: The Force Awakens off its throne. When the first movie came out in 2014, it debuted with an impressive $41 million - which, if the sequel succeeds in the same way, could be enough to knock Star Wars off kilter in its fifth week of release. Dirty Grandpa Release Date: January 22nd
What Is It?: Jason Kelly (Zac Efron) is a good, uptight kid who is about to be married to his lovely girlfriend. Unfortunately, his plans get derailed a bit when his fun-loving grandfather (Robert De Niro) tricks him into going down to Florida to celebrate Spring Break with college co-eds.
Can it beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens?: This one is a touch hard to predict, as it's hard to say if : January 22nd: Jason Kelly (Zac Efron) is a good, uptight kid who is about to be married to his lovely girlfriend. Unfortunately, his plans get derailed a bit when his fun-loving grandfather (Robert De Niro) tricks him into going down to Florida to celebrate Spring Break with college co-eds.: This one is a touch hard to predict, as it's hard to say if Dirty Grandpa will actually be able to find an audience. Zac Efron's last R-rated, late-January released comedy was That Awkward Moment, and that movie just made $8 million in its opening frame – which would most likely not be enough to take down the Star Wars: The Force Awakens juggernaut. The 5th Wave Release Date: January 22nd
What Is It?:
Can it beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens?: We wouldn't exactly put money on : January 22nd The 5th Wave begins years after aliens have invaded and basically taken over the Earth. Over the course of what have been described as "waves," the extraterrestrial species has managed to wipe almost every human off the face of the planet. The story follows a young woman named Cassie (Chloe Moretz) as she tries to survive with her younger brother at the time that the invaders launch their fifth wave of attack.: We wouldn't exactly put money on Star Wars: The Force Awakens - depending on just how much the 2015 blockbuster starts to wain in the later January weeks. There isn't exactly a long history of young adult sci-fi movies released in the early months of the year to go from, so this is kind of a toss up. The Finest Hours Release Date: January 29th
What Is It?: Set during a blizzard that rocked the Northeast back in 1952,
Can it beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens?: Reviews will almost surely define the success of The Finest Hours. If critics dig it, that positive buzz will get asses in the seats, and give it a modest chance to take down Star Wars: The Force Awakens in late January. Given that Disney is releasing the coast guard film, it's really a win for them either way. : January 29th: Set during a blizzard that rocked the Northeast back in 1952, The Finest Hours centers on Bernie Webber (Chris Pine) and his fellow coast guards as they try and rescue the men aboard a pair of destroyed oil tankers just off the coast of Cape Cod.: Reviews will almost surely define the success of The Finest Hours. If critics dig it, that positive buzz will get asses in the seats, and give it a modest chance to take down Star Wars: The Force Awakens in late January. Given that Disney is releasing the coast guard film, it's really a win for them either way. Kung Fu Panda 3 Release Date: January 29th
What Is It?: Following Kung Fu Panda 2, which found Po (Jack Black) learning more about where he came from,
Can it beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens?: Given the built-in advantage that kids movies have, you might think that this would potentially be a slam dunk to beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens, but it may not be that cut and dry. With a big summer release, Kung Fu Panda 2 was considered a disappointment opening at #2 with $47 million, and January isn't exactly late May. Families may still choose Star Wars. : January 29th: Following Kung Fu Panda 2, which found Po (Jack Black) learning more about where he came from, Kung Fu Panda 3 actually features him getting to meet his father (Bryan Cranston) while also teaming up with the Furious Five to take down a new supernatural foe.: Given the built-in advantage that kids movies have, you might think that this would potentially be a slam dunk to beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens, but it may not be that cut and dry. With a big summer release, Kung Fu Panda 2 was considered a disappointment opening at #2 with $47 million, and January isn't exactly late May. Families may still choose Star Wars. Pride and Prejudice and Zombies Release Date: February 5th
What Is It?: Based on the book by Seth Grahame Smith,
Can it beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens?: While it's distance from Star Wars: The Force Awakens' release date gives it a certain edge, it's also hard to see this film making any kind of big waves. The marketing has been basically non-existent, and the project carries a reputation of being dragged for years and years through development hell and numerous directors. Time is the horror/action movie's only advantage over J.J. Abrams' film. : February 5th: Based on the book by Seth Grahame Smith, Pride and Prejudice And Zombies is a retelling of the classic Jane Austen tale Pride and Prejudice, with the main difference being that Elizabeth Bennet (Lily Janes) and Mr. Darcy (Sam Riley) have to face off against and kill hordes of the undead.: While it's distance from Star Wars: The Force Awakens' release date gives it a certain edge, it's also hard to see this film making any kind of big waves. The marketing has been basically non-existent, and the project carries a reputation of being dragged for years and years through development hell and numerous directors. Time is the horror/action movie's only advantage over J.J. Abrams' film. Hail, Caesar! Release Date: February 5th
What Is It?: The latest comedy from Joel and Ethan Coen,
Can it beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens?: Movies from the Coen brothers are obviously regularly beloved by critics, but the sad truth is that their movies don't exactly make a big box office impact. Their highest opening to date was 2010's True Grit, which opened in December with just $24 million. If Hail, Caesar! beats Star Wars: The Force Awakens at the box office, it will be because it's February more than anything. : February 5th: The latest comedy from Joel and Ethan Coen, Hail, Caesar! stars Josh Brolin as Eddie Mannix, a "fixer" in the 1950s Hollywood who is forced into action when the star of a major motion picture, Baird Whitlock (George Clooney), is kidnapped by a group calling themselves "The Future.": Movies from the Coen brothers are obviously regularly beloved by critics, but the sad truth is that their movies don't exactly make a big box office impact. Their highest opening to date was 2010's True Grit, which opened in December with just $24 million. If Hail, Caesar! beats Star Wars: The Force Awakens at the box office, it will be because it's February more than anything. Zoolander 2 Release Date: February 12th
What Is It?: Years after helping save the prime minister of Malaysia, Derek Zoolander (Ben Stiller) and Hansel (Owen Wilson) return to the world of modeling, and once again find themselves trying to solve a deadly mystery.
Can it beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens?: After being considered a disappointment when first released in September 2001, Zoolander has gained an impressive cult following, and there is a chance that following could give : February 12th: Years after helping save the prime minister of Malaysia, Derek Zoolander (Ben Stiller) and Hansel (Owen Wilson) return to the world of modeling, and once again find themselves trying to solve a deadly mystery.: After being considered a disappointment when first released in September 2001, Zoolander has gained an impressive cult following, and there is a chance that following could give Zoolander 2 the edge over Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Like the previous entries mentioned, it also has the advantage of time, meaning the comedy sequel could wind up being the one to top the space-set sequel… provided some other direct competition doesn't get in the way. Deadpool Release Date: February 12th
What Is It?: Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds), a smart-mouthed special forces soldier, is diagnosed with cancer, and in an attempt to continue living with his one true love (Morena Baccarin), he enters what winds up being a torturous experimental program. Left with hideous scars, an incredible healing factor, and completely sociopathic, Wade wears a superhero costume, calls himself "Deadpool," and sets out to reunite with his love and get revenge against the man responsible for the experiments (Ed Skrein).
Can it beat Star Wars: The Force Awakens?: It wasn't until the first weekend of February 2010 that Avatar finally got bumped from its perch as box office king – and while it's possible that Star Wars: The Force Awakens can get past that point, it will probably be : February 12th: Wade Wilson (Ryan Reynolds), a smart-mouthed special forces soldier, is diagnosed with cancer, and in an attempt to continue living with his one true love (Morena Baccarin), he enters what winds up being a torturous experimental program. Left with hideous scars, an incredible healing factor, and completely sociopathic, Wade wears a superhero costume, calls himself "Deadpool," and sets out to reunite with his love and get revenge against the man responsible for the experiments (Ed Skrein).: It wasn't until the first weekend of February 2010 that Avatar finally got bumped from its perch as box office king – and while it's possible that Star Wars: The Force Awakens can get past that point, it will probably be Deadpool that serves as the big eventual box office roadblock. Depending on reviews, the film could certainly replicate the performance of Kingsman: The Secret Service on the same weekend in 2015, and a $36 million take should be enough to take down the sci-fi blockbuster. Star Wars IX Title Leak: Is This It? And Where's the Trailer? Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
A TV screen shows images of the U.S. President Donald Trump, left, and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un during a news program at the Seoul Railway Station in Seoul, South Korea, Tuesday, May 2, 2017. South Koreans are bewildered by President Donald Trump's recent use of the term “smart cookie” to refer to current leader Kim Jong-un, and by Trump's assertion that he'd be “honored” by a possible meeting. (AP Photo/Ahn Young-joon)
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — U.S. presidents looking to halt North Korea's push for nuclear weapons over the years normally haven't had very kind words to describe its dictators. George W. Bush, for instance, called the late Kim Jong Il a “pygmy.”
So it's little wonder that South Koreans are bewildered by President Donald Trump's use of the term “smart cookie” to refer to current leader Kim Jong-un, and by Trump's assertion that he'd be “honored” by a possible meeting. Some South Korean media described Trump as a “rugby ball,” an expression that suggests unpredictability.
Trump's swing from hints of military action to praise for Kim highlights an odd reality: South Koreans, not easily rattled by their nuclear bomb testing neighbor to the north, find themselves increasingly baffled by the new leader of their strongest ally and military protector, the United States.
The worry is that Trump, a neophyte when dealing with North Korea, perhaps the most successful geopolitical manipulator of big powers in Asia, maybe the world, might fall prey to something the North has long coveted: A bilateral peace deal with the United States that would formally end the Korean War, which stopped in 1953 only after a cease-fire, and remove the nearly 30,000 U.S. troops helping guard the South from North Korean adventurism.
By cutting Seoul out of those negotiations, many here fear, Washington could leave South Korea open to North Korea's vision of a unified Korean Peninsula with the autocratic Kim family running things from Pyongyang.
There is little chance this would be accomplished peacefully.
This explains the disorientation in Seoul as the Trump administration has bounced from warnings of a potential military confrontation if the North doesn't change course to talk of restarting negotiations with Pyongyang.
And now, in a CBS interview that aired Sunday, comes a note of admiration.
Trump said that Kim, who assumed office in his 20s, has held power despite efforts by “a lot of people” to take it away.
“So, obviously, he's a pretty smart cookie,” Trump said.
In comments to Bloomberg News about Kim, Trump said: “If it would be appropriate for me to meet with him, I would absolutely, I would be honored to do it.”
Many in South Korea did a double take.
The Monday headline of a Segye Times article read: “Rugby ball Trump abruptly praises Kim Jong-un as a ‘pretty smart cookie.'”
South Korea's Yonhap news agency produced a story Tuesday that tried, in part, to explain the phrase “smart cookie.”
It's becoming almost a cottage industry here: Translating Trump's Tweets and pronouncements about the North Korean nuclear standoff.
There isn't universal condemnation of the effect.
Some in Seoul, even at high levels of government, have privately expressed optimism that, after decades of failing to stop North Korea's march to a nuclear arsenal, an unorthodox approach from the United States could be just what's needed.
Yonhap, in another story, questioned whether Trump's comments on Kim might be a strategy to justify future U.S. moves to strengthen pressure against North Korea.
But the concern in Seoul is less about the approach than about being cut out of the negotiations.
It will be South Koreans, after all, who must live most directly with any settlement with North Korea; it is they who would suffer again, and die in their millions, in another war.
North Korea hasn't responded to the “smart cookie” comments, but in a commentary in the state-run Minju Joson newspaper, it called Trump's previous language “bellicose hysteria.”
“The Trump administration would be well advised to learn how humbly the preceding administrations were put in the awkward position of lowering the fist of pressure they had raised before” North Korea, the commentary said.
Some analysts believe that North Korea already has shorter-range nuclear-armed missiles that can target South Korea, Japan and spots in the Pacific. But the North is probably years away from mastering the technology needed to build a missile that can reach the U.S. mainland and mount a miniaturized warhead on it.
The bigger point, as Bradley Martin, an author, journalist and longtime Asia commentator, wrote in an Asia Times piece on Monday that urged Americans not to panic over North Korea, is that it has its sights on Seoul, not Washington.
“They believe they can beat the South Koreans — perhaps even without using their nuclear weapons — if only they can maneuver the U.S. to stay out of that fight,” Martin wrote.
It's hard to think of something that would give more truth to Trump's “smart cookie” description than if Kim Jong-un is able, after all these years, to drive a wedge between Seoul and Washington.
___
Foster Klug, AP's bureau chief in Seoul, has covered the Koreas since 2005. Follow him on Twitter at twitter.com/apklug
Kenyan police have fired tear gas at opposition protesters a day after their leader Raila Odinga announced his withdrawal from the presidential race, saying he does not expect it to be free and fair.
His supporters are unhappy at a new election law and fear it could lead to a walkover victory for incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta, in the rerun of the election later this month.
Election officials have been locked in crisis meetings since Odinga's decision, as debate rages over what his move could mean for an election after President Uhuru Kenyatta's August 8 victory was annulled by the Supreme Court.
Protests have been taking place almost daily since the decision in a country that still has grim memories of post-election violence when a disputed 2007 poll prompted politically motivated tribal clashes that left some 1,100 dead.
There is widespread anger, however, after parliament on Wednesday passed the new law, which says if one candidate withdraws, the other automatically wins the presidency.
The law was one of the several changes approved by parliament - dominated by Kenyatta's ruling Jubilee party - on Wednesday that Odinga says will make the "irregularities" cited by the Supreme Court legal.
Announcing his withdrawal on Tuesday, Odinga said: "All indications are that the election scheduled for 26 October will be worse than the previous one."
Kenyatta, for his part, insists that the election rerun must go ahead.
Demand for deep reforms
Odinga has demanded deep reforms that the election commission (IEBC) says are impossible to deliver in the constitutionally mandated period.
He says his withdrawal legally forces election officials to begin the entire process from scratch - a move that leaves more time for his reform demands to be met.
However, IEBC said on Wednesday it had not received formal notice of his withdrawal and regarded all original candidates as still in the fray.
To maintain pressure, Odinga's opposition National Super Alliance (NASA) coalition called supporters to the streets, saying protests would take place every day from next week.
In Odinga's western stronghold of Kisumu, thousands of protesters on Wednesday blocked roads, set tyres alight and engaged in running battles with police.
In Nairobi, police briefly used tear gas to disperse protesters who threw stones at passing cars.
However, the crowd later dispersed peacefully after speeches from opposition leaders, helped along by the first heavy rainfall of the season.
In another related development, Kenya's High Court on Wednesday ruled that a third presidential candidate, Ekuru Aukot of the Thirdway Alliance, who scored less than one percent of the vote in the annulled election, should be allowed on the ballot.
However, the Supreme Court has previously ruled that only the petitioner and respondent in the case challenging the election outcome should stand in a rerun, and this decision is likely to stand.
More court battles
Kenya's Supreme Court last month annulled the August election citing widespread irregularities in the counting process and mismanagement by election officials and called for a rerun within 60 days.
The decision was held up as an opportunity to deepen Kenyan democracy. However, the process quickly turned sour, with attacks by Kenyatta on the judiciary.
Political violence immediately following the August election left 37 people dead, mostly at the hands of police, according to a Kenyan rights group.
Odinga is counting on a ruling by the Supreme Court after the 2013 elections - in which he failed to have the result overturned - which sought to clarify what happens if an election is invalidated.
That judgement stated that if a candidate dies or withdraws from the fresh election, the IEBC must begin presidential nominations from scratch.
Incidentally, the electoral-law changes approved by Kenya's parliament on Wednesday will allow manual vote counting to supersede electronically transmitted results and make tally forms count even if there is "a deviation from the requirements of the form".
Antivirus tools are the aircraft flotation devices of PCs: They give you a false sense of security.
Despite efforts by security companies to thwart cyberattacks, hackers keep finding new ways into unsuspecting people's computers and systems.
That's why Microsoft is adding a new feature to its Windows Defender line of anti-hacking tools: When hackers do get in, Microsoft will help customers identify the attacks and stop them before they spread.
Windows Defender Advanced Threat Protection isn't admitting defeat, per se. But it's taking an important step towards coping with reality: Your system is going to get hacked, and you'd better be prepared when it does.
Microsoft says the new tool analyzes information from more than 1 billion Windows devices, 2.5 trillion websites and 1 million suspicious files. When it senses an attack happening to one of its customers, Microsoft will send a notification.
For example, the tool might detect that a suspicious IP address is trying to connect with a device on a customer's network, and the IT guy will get an alert.
But Windows Defender ATP will also use that intelligence to alert other customers whose systems appear to be suffering from a similar attack too.
Related: Apple vs. the FBI ... in 2 minutes
Advanced detection is crucial. Microsoft said it takes corporate customers 200 days on average to detect a security breach and 80 days to contain it. That average cost is $12 million per cyberattack.
"There will always be this possibility of attack," said Terry Myerson, Microsoft's Windows chief. "Instead of taking 200 days to detect, this could catch attacks very quickly."
Windows Defender ATP is available for corporate customers who have deployed Windows 10 on their PCs.
Microsoft (MSFT) is trying to pitch Windows 10 as a necessary upgrade for any organization concerned about security. The Windows Defender ATP announcement comes a couple weeks after Microsoft revealed that all 4 million of the Pentagon's PCs will be upgraded to Windows 10 within the next 12 months.
Share
Previous Next 1 of 6 Close
iBand+
Comprised of an iBand+ headband, pillow speakers, and a smart companion app, this set hopes to address the sleep and wakefulness problems that plague some 70 million U.S. adults. And it all starts with your dreams. After all, the iBand+ team says, “dreams are the best and most authentic VR experience; a world with no rules and consequences.” And apparently, lucid dreaming in particular can help improve artistic creativity, problem-solving, and language skills. Looks like some people really do their best work while unconscious.
So how does the iBand+ work? The headband plays a crucial role in monitoring and analyzing users' brainwaves, body movement, heart rate, and body temperature as they sleep. To check for lucid dreaming, the headband keeps tabs on the REM stage of sleep, playing audio-visual cues as soon as users hit this most complete stage of rest. By sending subtle external stimuli of light patterns via the headband's LEDs and emitting sound from pillow speakers, iBand+ claims it can make sleepers aware that they are dreaming without waking them up. Moreover, iBand+ promises to help users achieve a deeper restful state by playing music that intelligently adjusts to various sleep phases.
But of course, like any good wearable, the iBand+ also tracks your fitness levels, even while you're not doing anything physically active. The headband promises that its data can help provide “a glimpse into the user's physical and mental state that could disclose potential health and sleep problems.” You'll be able to access all this information via the iBand+ smart app, which not only “recommends suitable audio-visual techniques for lucid dreaming, sleep improvement, and smart alarm applications,” but also allows users to track their sleep progress over time, “displaying daily health and sleep information in an easily interpretable format with graphs and ratings.”
“[The] iBand+ is not a passive tracker. It is an active sleep and dreams inducer that monitors and analyzes information on your brain and body throughout the sleep cycle, and accurately generates audio-visual sensory stimuli to help you sleep and dream,” said Samir Raut, the creator of iBand+. “We truly believe that iBand+ will help enhance people's quality of life.”
Find An Event Create Your Event Help BORUTO: NARUTO THE MOVIE New People Cinema
San Francisco, CA Share this event: Get Tickets There are no active dates for this event. Not Available
Event BORUTO: NARUTO THE MOVIE English Subtitled
100 min.
With Naruto as the Seventh Hokage, Hidden Leaf Village is planning to host the Chunin Exams to train new shinobi from the village and from five of their allied villages. Among the entrants are Sasuke's daughter, Sarada, who adores Naruto, Mitsuki, an exceptionally talented yet mysterious shinobi And Boruto, Naruto's son who shows great potential, but despises his father.
Sasuke who's been on a mission in another dimension appears before Naruto to warn of a strange impending danger he has sensed. Shrouded with an evil aura, Momoshiki and Kinshiki appear during the Exams and attempt to assassinate Naruto with the Rinnegan. Boruto is petrified and unable to do a thing while Sasuke guards him. As Naruto steps in front to shield them, he smiles faintly and disappears in front of Boruto.
An inconceivable foe lies in wait as Sasuke, the Five Kage and Boruto with a determination of steel, charge into another dimension!
Executive Producer MASASHI KISHIMOTO
Screenplay and Character Design by MASASHI KISHIMOTO
Director HIROYUKI YAMASHITA , Screenplay Cooperation UKYOU KODACHI, Character Design and Chief Animation Director :TETSUYA NISHIO, HIROFUMI SUZUKI
© 2002 MASASHI KISHIMOTO/2007 SHIPPUDEN © BMP 2015
All ticket sales are final as i. No refunds or exchange of tickets will be issued. Location New People Cinema (View)
1746 Post St
San Francisco, CA 94115
United States 1746 Post StSan Francisco, CA 94115United States
Categories Film > Movies
Non-Smoking: Yes! Wheelchair Accessible: Yes! Contact Owner: NEW PEOPLE, Inc. On BPT Since: Sep 16, 2013 New People Cinema films@newpeopleworld.com newpeoplecinema.com
Ask a question... Ask!
One of the great fictions of the Rob Ford era is that only a tiny clutch of politicians kept watch over all the devious civil servants and special interests who were busily feather-bedding at the expense of the ordinary working person.
“But for my eagle-eyed diligence,” as this self-serving stance has it, “tax dollars would vanish into black holes, bank accounts in the Caymans, etc.”
With the muting of the Fords and the departure of Mike Del Grande from council, the last devoted practitioner is deputy mayor Denzil Minnan-Wong, who made his debut at yesterday's Waterfront Toronto (WT) board meeting.
Minnan-Wong, now a director, has claimed repeatedly that WT is a Kremlin-like body that actively prevents duly elected officials from getting the real goods. The most recent opportunity for his outrage presented itself last week, when the agency revealed it had gone more than $36 million over-budget on the remake of Queens Quay West, now expected to come in at $129 million, up from $94 million.
“I think they had an obligation as a public body to disclose that information,” he told The Globe and Mail last week. “They're far too secretive of an organization. Too many things get discussed in private. They just close the doors – they disclose that information to the board, and the public never knew.” Mayor John Tory backed up Minnan-Wong, saying he was “concerned” with the agency's lack of transparency.
The obvious sub-text, of course, is that WT, and its directors, not only have something to hide; they have failed in their responsibility to protect public funds.
In a detailed and persuasive presentation [PDF], WT chief operating officer David Kusturin put the lie to the insinuation that the Queens Quay over-runs were just another example of botched civil works. More on his presentation in a moment.
But what's also clear is that WT's board, which includes representatives from the three orders of government and exists to protect the public interest, actively sought to verify the staff's warnings about cost-overruns as early as February 2014.
Spacing has obtained the summary of an independent “governance and control review” of the Queens Quay revitalization project commissioned last winter by the WT board's finance, audit and risk management committee (members: Janet Graham, Joe Pantalone, and David Johnson, with chair Mark Wilson ex officio).
The report was completed by MNP.ca, an accounting and risk management firm, and delivered to WT on February 28, 2014. According to the executive summary, the firm identified twelve factors driving cost increases and offered a second opinion on the revised project budget. Lastly, MNP suggested three key lessons about WT's procurement model; its risk modeling and monitoring policies; and “board reporting and project oversight.”
On this critical last point, MNP's recommendation was that WT officials pay particularly close attention during the very early stages of complex re-development projects in order to validate or re-visit pre-construction cost estimates. “A rigorous risk monitoring regime will help to compare the emerging reality against the original assumptions so that when trends begin to differ from initial assumptions, adjustments can be made.” It also urged regular board updates with such projects.
WT officials presented the MNP report to the board, complete with financial data, last March — months before Minnan-Wong launched his rocks-and-umbrellas crusade. In other words, there were no surprises when last week's news hit. Little wonder, then, that WT directors like Jack Cockwell, a corporate titan with long ties to Brookfield, and Dave Johnson, a veteran Tory, had nothing but praise yesterday for how WT had managed a tough project.
“My sense,” said Johnson, a former Mike Harris cabinet minister, “is that it wasn't as if money was wasted.” Added Cockwell, who sits on the board of a conglomerate with $175 billion in assets: “A lot of lessons have been learned.”
As for the timing of last week's release of the over-run figure, Minnan-Wong, ever in search of top-spin, implied that it had everything to do with politics. WT didn't want an embarrassing number out in the world before the municipal election.
But according to Kusturin, the agency didn't reveal the figure until last week because it was still in sensitive negotiations with contractors over the cost of the numerous change orders triggered by a crucial delay in work that Toronto Hydro [PDF] was supposed to have completed before the reconstruction of Queens Quay began. (The utility couldn't begin because the Ontario Energy Board failed to sign off on the project. The budget overruns were also caused by 110 unforeseen surprises in the ground, last winter's extreme weather and inflation in the global price of marble granite.)
It's also worth comparing the board's due diligence to Minnan-Wong's latest idea: At the end of yesterday's meeting, he tabled a motion requesting that WT reports be made public a week before meetings. But that's not real due diligence; that's about sifting through documents, looking for opportunities to nit-pick.
During the meeting, WT chief executive John Campbell and chair Mark Wilson both pointed out that the agency has already internalized the lessons of the Queens Quay project and will incorporate more robust risk management measures with future projects, among them the $500 million East Bayfront LRT (as yet un-funded) and the naturalization and re-routing of the Lower Don.
Improved risk oversight, said Johnson, will be important “considering the fact that there are some major projects coming up, we hope, in terms of flood prevention infrastructure.”
Bottom line: WT's board and managers were actively focused on protecting their shareholders' financial interests (i.e., us, the taxpayers) long before Minnan-Wong and his megaphone came along.
And they will be doing that work long after he finds something else to attack.
photo by Thomas Hawk
A tendency to downplay the messy interaction between politics, capital, and culture, and to focus instead on literary qualities like irony and ambiguity, runs through many of Kirsch's readings. The Chilean author Bolaño's 2666 is, for instance, a massive novel about a mysterious German writer and a group of literary critics devoted to his work, and about the world as “a place of evil.” The haunting middle section of the novel describes an epidemic of murders of women in the fictional city of Santa Teresa on the Mexican border with the United States. This episode, Kirsch notes, is based on the actual murders of at least 370 women in Ciudad Juárez between 1993 and 2005. That readers care more about these deaths in fiction than when they appear in the news, Kirsch comments, “adds a terrible irony to Bolaño's project.” Yet Kirsch himself is ultimately more concerned with Bolaño's prose style than with human realities. For him, the section's impact comes from “the way it eschews the style … that dominates 2666,” and is instead written in a straightforward manner, as if “reported or recited.”
The larger problem with this analysis comes from the fact that Bolaño's novel is concerned with much more than just literary effects. Kirsch notes in passing that the factories of Santa Teresa are “a creation of the globalized economy, with all its moral contradictions.” By this he seems to mean that workers come there to make money, but that the crime-ridden factory towns actually threaten their safety. Yet there is no contradiction in Bolaño's depiction of the factories: He portrays them as cesspits of global capitalism that prey upon women, who are driven to the ghastly city more by desperation and the devastation of rural economies in Latin America—also an effect of globalization—than by some Western notion of upward mobility.
This aspect of 2666 undercuts Kirsch's conviction that mobility is a key feature of the global novel: In these books, Kirsch maintains, we see a happy movement of ideas, people, books, and capital that speaks of a more diverse world, “the portrait of an age when more and more people have the ability to cross borders in both directions.” There is a kind of willful blindness to such an assertion in an age of increasingly militarized borders and forced deportations, especially when other novels that Kirsch considers, such as Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie's Americanah, seriously undermine any such notion.
A Nigerian who comes to the United States for college, Americanah's protagonist Ifemelu struggles through the terrain of intimacy and work before deciding to return to Lagos; her old boyfriend, meanwhile, tries to make it in Britain as an undocumented immigrant and is eventually deported. “The genre of the novel, Americanah reminds us,” Kirsch argues, “has always thrived by chronicling upwardly mobile people, and the means of that mobility is seldom pure—just look at Balzac, or Henry James.” It is odd to take a lesson of upward mobility from Americanah, when the two main characters both end the novel back where they started, painfully aware of the possibilities missed.
Rather than view the global novel through a Western lens, it is important to ask what allows certain books to be perceived as global in the first place. What are the mechanisms of selection and rejection, of publishing and publicity? How much does the emergence of an anglophone global elite, its tastes largely in accord with those of New York and London, have to do with this process?
The novelists Kirsch surveys found a Western readership because they were driven by a sense of urgency that had deepened over a long period. Most of them (Pamuk, Murakami, Bolaño, Adichie, Ferrante) had to write a number of books before one broke through, in great part because they addressed issues that had all but disappeared from the mainstream Western novel, including the complexities of race, imperialism, and migration; the liberating possibilities of feminism, anarchism, or Islamism; the overwhelming loneliness of our late-capitalist lives; as well as the damage that can be caused by upward mobility. Bolaño emerged as concerns about inequality and youthful radicalism bloomed into the Occupy movement, Adichie against the backdrop of what would become Black Lives Matter, and Ferrante during a moment of a rejuvenated feminism, which can be seen in the International Women's Strike.
The only writers Kirsch discusses who do not really seem to fit this pattern are the French Houellebecq and the Canadian Atwood. Both Atwood's Oryx and Crake and Houellebecq's The Possibility of an Island are dystopias; they imagine a future where humanity “has been not just extinguished by its own environmental recklessness, but also superseded by a genetically engineered race of quasi-human creatures,” Kirsch writes. While these narratives are global in their scope, Houellebecq and Atwood portray a trajectory of decline, a narrative of the fall of the West that most of Kirsch's other global novelists do not share. In Adichie, in Pamuk, in Bolaño, the global novel instead focuses on those who have never been part of the rise of the West, and who have often suffered from its hegemony.
Still, the presence of Houellebecq and Atwood in Kirsch's book raises the question of why he includes no American writers. Is that because “global” is ultimately defined by whatever the United States is not? In fact, an American writer like Rachel Kushner, with The Flamethrowers, has an excellent claim to having written a global novel. On the surface a bildungsroman about Reno, a young American trying to make it in the art world of New York in the 1970s, Kushner's novel portrays far more than individual mobility. As Reno rides around on a motorcycle manufactured by her boyfriend Sandro's family, The Flamethrowers reveals the evasion, exploitation, and complicity that their lifestyle is built on.
Kushner shows us the striking workers in the Italian factory that makes the motorcycles, and the slave-labor-like conditions in the Brazilian plantations that produce the rubber for the tires, and the possibility for solidarity between Reno, of working-class origin, and the Italian workers who loathe her boyfriend's family. The European and American characters are defined in direct relation to the Third World, the bourgeois characters in relation to the working class, the men to the women—connections that seem, in their humanity and insight across cultures, to offer fertile ground for a global novelist. To consider The Flamethrowers alongside Snow or 2666 would challenge the notion that a novel is global only if it depicts people in faraway places who confirm the West's faith in upward mobility—a faith that now seems rather quaint, even in the West itself.
Two Michigan officers helped safely deliver a baby along a downtown Kalamazoo street on Saturday.
Kalamazoo Public Safety Officers responded to the call of a medical emergency just after midnight and found a woman in the middle of giving birth.
Read: Rookie 911 Dispatcher Meets Baby She Calmly Helped Deliver Over the Phone
The woman, whom police didn't identify, was on her way to Bronson hospital when her water broke and she began to give birth, police said.
She was in a car and the driver pulled over, knowing they weren't going to make it in time.
Sgt. Kristie Hofer was on the scene when she noticed the baby's head was “crowning” and the woman was about to give birth.
Hofer and another officer then delivered the baby as paramedics arrived at the scene.
Read: Police Officer Pull Over Speeding Motorist, Help Deliver Baby
Thankfully the baby boy was born perfectly healthy and the family was transported to the hospital.
“[We] extend our best wishes to the family on the birth of a healthy boy,” the department said in a press release.
Watch: Mom Names Baby Boy After Officers Who Helped Deliver Him In Parking Lot
Street Taco, the Haight's new Mexican street food venture, opened for business yesterday afternoon in the former Asqew space. The new spot comes from Victor Juarez, whose other restaurants around town include Chilango, Casa Mexicana, Azteca and the now-shuttered Mi Lindo Yucatan.
Street Taco's offerings range from standard Mexican fare (tacos, burritos, nachos and quesadillas) to salads and tostada bowls, with meat options that include shrimp, grilled fish, nopales, campechano (chorizo & beef), and costilla (beef rib) in addition to the traditional grilled beef, chicken or vegetarian options. Nothing on the menu is more than $9.
Before long, they'll also be offering two or three kinds of beer on tap and a couple of wines. Meanwhile, they've got Mexican Coke, aguas frescas and sodas to wash down the Mexico City-style fare.
A quick visit yesterday afternoon saw the kitchen running full steam, and plenty of locals had already ducked in to sample the menu.
Stop by to say hello and sample the newest addition to the neighborhood, and let us know what you think.
Credit: Prixel Creative/Shutterstock
As the digital age continues to connect the global community, companies of all sizes are finding it easier than ever to expand their borders and do business internationally.
"With the most significant population growth and increases in purchasing power occurring in parts of the world where English is either not spoken or is not the preferred language, companies are increasingly doing business in regions outside of their home market," said Judd Marcello, vice president of marketing at Smartling, a translation management system.
But bringing your business into a foreign market isn't as simple as opening up a store there or advertising that you ship your products overseas. If you really want to develop a strong presence outside your home country, you have to make sure you are, quite literally, speaking your audience's language.
"Companies must be able to communicate with customers in their native language, not the default language of the company," Marcello said. "The results of a 2014 Common Sense Advisory Group survey make it clear — 75 percent of consumers are more likely to buy a product if the information is presented in their own language."
"Marketers want their campaigns to evoke emotion," added Caitlin Nicholson, business development specialist at LinguaLinx, a translation and global marketing service provider. "This is achieved through an understanding of the different types of consumers, their habits and their culture, [and] language is tied very closely to culture and identity."
With the right strategies, the right messages and the right technology, you can make the translation process faster and easier while saving money and getting ahead of your competition, Marcello said. Here are a few key do's and don'ts U.S. brands should follow when they're translating or adapting their marketing materials for global audiences. [15 Tech Tools to Help Take Your Business Global]
Even if you or some of your employee are fluent in the languages you want to translate materials into, this is a task that's best left to the professionals.
"Don't simply rely on bilingual employees for translation of your foreign language marketing materials," Nicholson said. "They may have good knowledge of the target language, but not the skill set of a professional linguist. In addition, they may not have a marketing background or familiarity with translating marketing materials and corporate communications."
Whether it's a freelancer or a full-scale translation service, the person or firm you hire should have a great reputation. Nicholson advised using in-country native speakers, if possible. They not only have knowledge of the language, but also live within your target market, so they'll know about cultural sensitivities, current events and other nuances that will make translations relevant and engaging, she said.
Marcello noted that the provider you choose should be based on a number of factors, including how specialized your content is, how many languages you need to translate your content into, and the overall scope of your translation project.
"If your project is limited, such as translating content for just one market, a freelance translator may be your best bet," he said.
Word-for-word translations don't always resonate the right way, so transcreation —translation plus creation — may be necessary so your materials don't lose their impact.
"[Transcreation] takes translation to the next level where you adapt marketing content so that the words and the meaning carry the same weight in different cultures," Nicholson said.
Marcello said that not all translation agencies and language service providers are adept at transcreation, so you may need to hire a specialist to handle this process.
Your brand's English marketing materials likely have a distinct "voice," so you'll want to make sure your translated content has that same tone in any language. Marcello advised creating style and editorial guidelines for translators, marketers and content creators to follow in order to keep your branding consistent.
"In addition to setting the bar on content quality, developing guidelines will help your brand maintain a fluid and consistent tone, which is crucial to global marketing success," he said. "Keywords related to your brand and any commonly used industry jargon, including acronyms and abbreviations, should be included to ensure accuracy and avoid mistakes."
Nicholson agreed, and noted that you should provide reference materials like glossaries and previously translated content to help translators or content creators gauge the tone you're looking for.
Once your materials are translated, send them through one more round of reviews to make sure everything is error-free, and that they meet your established guidelines, Marcello said.
It's tempting to want to use free services like Google Translate for quick tasks or short pieces of content, but Nicholson and Marcello both agreed that a human translator should be used for every professional project, big or small.
"Machine translation tools ... are often unnatural, inaccurate, error-prone, and lack needed context," Marcello said. "More importantly, they will not enable companies to localize their marketing content to reflect cultural nuances, which is critical to ensuring native brand experiences."
"If it is meant to be consumed by humans, then it should be translated by humans," Nicholson added.
Translation doesn't just encompass going from English to a foreign language. Because of the different regional dialects and colloquialisms, English-to-English materials sometimes need a bit of tweaking to make sense to a local audience.
"Many U.S. firms wisely target new markets still within the English language world as a first step to selling internationally, but this still requires research and localization of search terms and marketing assets," said Richard Stevenson, head of communications for global e-commerce software provider ePages.com. "Consumers in countries such as Canada, Great Britain, Ireland and Australia expect to see and hear local market terms, and your products [must be] explored in the right context for them to confidently buy from you. For instance, if you sell umbrellas, both British and Australian shoppers would be attracted to the local term 'brolly.'"
Stevenson added that dialects should be considered in non-English translations as well.
"In Spain, for example, there are four distinct dialects in use by region, and this could have an impact on your choice of campaign terms depending on your target audience, third-party resources, sources of your Web traffic, etc.," he told Business News Daily. "You may need to modify language in line with regional sales patterns."
A multilingual campaign involves more than another language, Nicholson said. It involves another culture, another way of looking at and experiencing the world. This means that, even with a perfect translation, your campaign materials still may not make sense to your audience.
"Marketers often uses puns, slang, humor, metaphors and pop culture references [to] appeal to their audience," Nicholson said. "You are trying to say the right things in compelling ways, but the right thing to one culture might not be the right thing to another, and what's compelling to one culture might be confusing or offensive to other cultures."
Because of this, Nicholson said it's important to look at the premise of your campaign and make sure it's appropriate for the other culture. You might need to come up with a different angle and have the copy written in the target language by a translator, she said.
For more information on business translation, visit Business News Daily's guide.
FILE - In this March 30, 2012, file photo, Drew Phoenix, left, and his girlfriend, Ellen Robertson, talk about a ballot initiative going before local voters that calls for equal legal protections for gay and transgender residents, in Anchorage, Alaska. The Alaska Legislature on Tuesday, May 16, 2017, rejected the appointment of Phoenix, a transgender man, to serve on the state's human rights commission. In a phone interview Tuesday evening, Phoenix said he was "incredibly upset and disheartened" by the vote. (AP Photo/Rachel D'Oro, File)
JUNEAU, Alaska (AP) — The Alaska Legislature on Tuesday rejected the appointment of Drew Phoenix, a transgender man, to serve on the state's human rights commission.
The vote came near the end of an hours-long joint session called to consider Gov. Bill Walker's nominees to boards, commissions and administration posts. Phoenix was the only nominee to be voted down.
Leading up to the vote, some conservative groups sought to paint Phoenix, who has advocated for LGBT rights, as too political for the post.
Sen. John Coghill, a Republican from the North Pole, said there's no problem with being an advocate “until you get on that commission and then what you want to do is you want to look at protecting all rights.”
Sen. Bill Wielechowski, an Anchorage Democrat who supported Phoenix's nomination, asked whether the state is willing to appoint people to boards and commissions who understand discrimination first-hand and will work to end it or if people want to live in a state intolerant of those different from the majority or who have different views.
In a phone interview Tuesday evening, Phoenix said he was “incredibly upset and disheartened” by the vote.
“I just find it so ironic that somebody like myself, with so much years' experience personally and professional working on behalf of human rights, that they would not confirm me to the commission on human rights,” he said.
Phoenix said a state Senate committee that held confirmation hearings asked him questions related to his work as a transgender man with the LGBT community and if, given the opportunity, he would work to advance issues of equality for the LGBT community through the commission. He said he replied that, if that's what the commission seeks to do, he would.
He said one conservative group has framed the advancement of LBGT people as posing a threat to religious freedom. He said he is an ordained Christian minister and values religious freedom.
Phoenix thanked Walker “for having faith in my qualifications.”
“I'm so sad I won't be able to use my expertise and experience to advance the work of the commission,” Phoenix said.
The Mets started what they thought was a totally innocuous Twitter hashtag Monday, asking fans to share why on earth they support such a hapless organization.
Things started well enough...
@Mets #ImAMetsFanBecause of my brother, who took me to my first game in 1983. I've bled Mets colors ever since and my whole family does now. — Sean Greeley (@thundergod75) September 22, 2014
@Mets #ImAMetsFanBecause of David Wright and the way he plays the game. — Brandon (@b_vanwormer) September 22, 2014
...but devolved awfully quickly:
#ImaMetsFanBecause I don't feel like I deserve true happiness. — Andrew Gould (@AndrewGould4) September 22, 2014
#ImAMetsFanBecause I am a masochist, and often feel the urge to punish myself. — Matt Singer (@mattsinger) September 22, 2014
#ImAMetsFanBecause of some issues with my family that I'm not ready to work out yet, clearly. — Steve Lepore (@stevelepore) September 22, 2014
#ImAMetsFanBecause I love to complain, I appreciate having a good cry over sporting events, and also because I hate myself. — Kristan Dietz (@KristanDietz) September 22, 2014
#ImAMetsFanBecause my parents didn't love me as a child — Borris (@BorrisQ) September 22, 2014
#ImAMetsFanBecause I enjoy the abiding sense of tragedy, which sustains me through temporary periods of joy — Luke Herlihy (@ThatHerlihyBoy) September 22, 2014
It's safe to say this didn't work out how the Mets intended it to.
- Dan Gartland
As pleased as I am with what may be a midterm deterioration in the demagoguery of President Donald Trump and his followers, I next fear the equally frightening thought of the rise of the U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders wing of the Democratic Party. Although technically Sanders is not a member of the Democratic Party, he strongly influences Democratic supporters.
Sanders and his followers advocate for government-paid health insurance and free college education for all. Without details, suffice it to say that the United States could not afford to pay the four-year tuition for everyone accepted at an elite school. Similarly, the government could not pay the costs for the nation's biggest medical centers.
If the federal government were to become the sole purchaser of both higher education and health care, it should establish acceptable costs and other conditions. Should some hospitals be permitted to expand while others serving the same communities are consolidated and closed? Should universities build expensive facilities and pay professors whatever they want? Or should they be required to operate like public schools, in the best financial interest of the taxpayer?
I hope we learned our Trump lesson. And please, no Bernie.
— Sheldon I. Saitlin, Chicago
Lukaku on £75m Man Utd move: Who'd say no to the biggest club in the world?
The 24-year-old striker could have returned to Premier League champions Chelsea, but could not pass up the chance to move to Old Trafford
Romelu Lukaku says he "didn't have to think twice" about joining once they made an offer for him.
Martial can still be a Man Utd success
The striker completed a medical on Saturday after United confirmed they had reached an agreement with Everton to sign him for £75 million.
Lukaku, who scored 25 goals last term, also had the option of returning to Stamford Bridge, with champions Chelsea matching United's offer, but the 24-year-old said the chance to play at Old Trafford had been a goal since childhood.
"It's the biggest club in the world. It's a club that's hungry to win the league again, to be dominant in the world again and the sort of opportunity I always wanted since a child," he told ESPN.
"When they came calling I didn't have to think twice. So I'm really delighted to hopefully be part of their history."
Although United finished sixth in the league last term, they lifted the EFL Cup and , securing their place in the for 2017-18. The club's desire to win silverware in and Europe convinced him Manchester was the right place for him.
"Who would say no to the biggest club in the world," he asked. "The best stadium in England, the best fans. It's a perfect opportunity. I always said I want to play for a team that's challenging for every trophy that there is.
Rooney arrives at Everton training ground ahead of medical
"I think Manchester United wants to be the dominant force and if you look at the history it says enough. To become part of a club like them is something I really wanted and I'm thankful for the opportunity they gave me and now it's time to work harder than I ever did before and I'm willing to do it."
Around the same time news of Lukaku's transfer emerged, it was confirmed that the striker had been arrested in Los Angeles over a noise complaint and will appear in court in California in October.
Some celebrities aren't just pretty faces. A few of them are also touched with that Yankee prowess for tinkering and invention. In this weekly series, we introduce you to the Patents of the Rich and Famous.
Inventor: Francis Ford Coppola
You Know Him From: A critically acclaimed producer, director, and screenwriter, Francis Ford Coppola had dominated that whole film industry scene by his mid-thirties. After winning a bunch of Oscars for his Godfather films, American Graffiti, and Patton, Coppola figured anything he touched would turn into little golden statuettes. And right he was. While he maintained one hand in the film industry, Coppola took a logical turn into the wine/pasta-sauce/resort/storytelling/shopping business with the creation of his lifestyle brand: Francis Ford Coppola Presents.
When he's not crushing grapes, tomatoes or his Academy Award competition, Coppola also serves as "Honorary Consul H. E. Ambassador Francis Ford Coppola" for Belize.
Invented Apparatus: "A garment for identifying location on body of the garment wearer"
It's a t-shirt with a turtle on it. But not just any turtle, a turtle with numbers on its shell.
The numbered grid uniquely marks different regions of the shirt so that its wearer can identify a particular part of his/her own body to a friend, family member or significant other.
The present invention comprises a garment having printed thereon a figure comprising uniquely identifiable regions that when worn permit the wearer to identify for a third party a particular location on the wearer's body.
Rationale Behind Invention:
Obscure federal agencies triggered a firestorm of conspiracy theories this week after they put out orders for thousands of rounds of deadly hollow-point bullets.
But the agencies, most recently the Social Security Administration, are trying to put a damper on the speculation -- noting the ammunition is "standard issue" and simply used for mandatory federal training sessions.
"Our special agents need to be armed and trained appropriately," said a message on the official blog for Social Security's inspector general office explaining the purchases.
The bullet purchases drew widespread attention as the website Infowars.com published several stories on them that were linked off the widely read Drudge Report and other sites. Infowars.com catalogued a string of recent purchases -- first by the Department of Homeland Security, then by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and then the Social Security Administration.
The Social Security Administration solicitation, posted Aug. 7, called for 174,000 rounds of ".357 Sig 125 grain bonded jacketed hollow point pistol ammunition."
Infowars.com speculated that the purchases were being made in preparation for "civil unrest," imagining a scenario of economic collapse where seniors could cause "disorder" if denied their Social Security benefits.
But the Social Security Administration statement, posted Thursday, noted that their agents need firearms and ammo in the course of training, investigations and responding to threats against offices and employees.
"As we said in a recent post, our office has criminal investigators, or special agents, who are responsible for investigating violations of the laws that govern SSA's programs," the office said.
The agency said it has 295 special agents across 66 offices in the country. "These investigators have full law enforcement authority, including executing search warrants and making arrests," the statement said.
As for concern about the type of bullets -- hollow points, which expand upon impact -- the statement said the type is "standard issue" and is used during "mandatory quarterly firearms qualifications and other training sessions."
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, or NOAA, found itself scrambling to respond to a similar report this week about an order for 46,000 rounds of ammo. Though the agency initially indicated it was for the National Weather Service -- leading to questions about why the National Weather Service could possibly need so many bullets -- a spokesman clarified the bullets are actually meant for the NOAA Fisheries Office of Law Enforcement. A "clerical error" resulted in the order saying the ammo was for the weather service.
Spokesman Scott Smullen said the error's been fixed in the bidding system. He, too, said the ammo is "standard issue" and will be used by 63 enforcement personnel at NOAA during qualifications and training sessions.
"NOAA officers and agents enforce the nation's ocean and fishing laws to ensure a level playing field for fishermen and to protect marine species like whales, dolphins and turtles," he said.
According to NOAA, the specialized agents are supposed to have 200 rounds in their "duty bag," and qualification and training requires another 500-600 rounds per agent.
The writing has been on the wall for the 2-7 Houston Texans for a while now. On Tuesday, the organization waved the white flag. The Texans placed star running back Arian Foster on injured reserve with an undisclosed back injury that will require surgery. On the other side of the ball, they released offseason pickup Ed Reed after just seven games in Houston, with the future Hall of Famer having fallen out of the starting lineup after the team's bye week. He played just 12 snaps on defense in Houston's loss to Arizona last Sunday. Combined with the benching of Matt Schaub for Case Keenum, it's safe to say that the Texans are playing for 2014.
What's so surprising is how quickly things fell apart in Houston. Sure, it was reasonable to expect that the Texans wouldn't go 12-4 again; they were 5-0 in games decided by one touchdown or less last year, and they're 2-4 this year. The talent level here was supposed to be immune to a season this bad. As recently as the 2011 playoffs, the Texans roster might very well have been the envy of the league, full of talented young players on team-friendly rookie contracts, thanks to the drafting acumen of general manager Rick Smith.
That's no longer the case. Moves made by the organization over the past several seasons left the Texans with a series of toxic contracts, deals they've either had or will have to dump while assuming dead money in the process. Elsewhere, players have failed to develop or struggled to replace the talent that a cap-strapped Texans team had to let go elsewhere. Detailing those decisions gives a sense of where things went wrong for Houston and how they've fallen so far off the competitive map in 2013.
2010
March 5: Houston signs Kevin Walter to a five-year, $21.5 million contract extension. It seemed unlikely that the Texans would retain their second wideout, who received interest from the Bengals and Ravens before the Texans swooped in to re-sign him. It didn't make much sense at the time; Walter had established himself as a consistent 60-catch, 800-yard possession receiver. Finding a guy with that skill set to put up those sorts of numbers across from Andre Johnson should be a breeze for NFL general managers, let alone one as skilled as Smith. Regardless, Walter averaged a 44-538-3 over three subsequent seasons as a starter before being released this past offseason.
March 30: Houston signs DeMeco Ryans to a six-year, $48 million contract extension. While the Walter deal seemed shortsighted the moment the ink was signed, you can't fault the Texans for locking up their defensive signal-caller; Ryans was, at the time, one of the best young middle linebackers in football, with no red flags or injury history to speak of. Unfortunately, circumstances changed. Ryans tore his Achilles six games into his new contract, costing him most of the 2010 campaign. He came back for 2011, but he struggled with the aftereffects of his injury and Houston's move into a 3-4 alignment, having spent his career playing in the 4-3. That led the Texans to essentially give up on Ryans by dealing him to Philadelphia in March 2012 for a fourth-round pick and a swap of third-round selections. Ryans has since gone through the same 4-3 to 3-4 switch in Philadelphia. The primary benefit of the trade was to move around salary cap space. The move caused the Texans to assume a whopping $9 million in dead money from the remainder of Ryans's deal on their 2012 cap (up $3.1 million from the $5.9 million they would have paid him to actually play for the Texans), but it cleared the future obligations they owed Ryans off the books, creating salary cap space for extensions given to the likes of Duane Brown and Matt Schaub. The fourth-round pick the Texans received eventually became backup interior lineman Ben Jones.
2011
July 29: Houston signs cornerback Johnathan Joseph to a five-year, $48.8 million deal. Joseph was everything the Texans could have hoped for during his first year with the team; alongside fellow free-agent pickup Danieal Manning, Joseph shored up the secondary and did a credible job on the opposing team's top wideout on a weekly basis. It looked to be a masterstroke from Smith. Now the deal doesn't look quite as good. Joseph was injured or ineffective for most of the 2012 season before eventually regaining his form by the end of the campaign. He's been somewhere between the lofty heights of 2011 and the disappointment of 2012 this season. That's tough to swallow for a corner with a $11.3 million cap hold this year.
2012
March 5: Houston signs halfback Arian Foster to a five-year, $43.5 million deal. The most curious decision of the Smith era so far. Foster had been wildly productive and is one of the smartest players in the league, but he was an undrafted back out of Tennessee playing in a zone-blocking scheme that's famous for turning undervalued players into star runners, most notably in Denver. Houston had also spent a second-round pick on Ben Tate, who had averaged 5.4 yards per carry on 175 attempts as Foster's backup the previous year.
Furthermore, the Texans signed Foster a year before they had to; had Houston not given Foster an extension, he would have become a restricted free agent for the upcoming 2012 season. Houston would have tendered him at the highest level, which would have given the Texans one more cost-controlled year of Foster (at likely around $3 million) without having to worry about losing him unless some other team offered a first- and third-round pick for their star back. Players almost never move in restricted free agency, and that would have been a gaudy return for Foster. You can argue that the Texans could have used the leverage of restricted free agency to induce Foster into signing a below-market deal, but Foster got $20.8 million of his deal guaranteed and a total of $25 million over the first three years of the contract. That's well ahead of the deal received by the comparable Ray Rice (five years, $35 million, $15 million guaranteed, $19.5 million over the first three years) and Matt Forte (four years, $30.4 million, $13.8 million guaranteed, $21.7 million over the first three years).
In his two years as a starter before signing the extension, Foster suited up for 29 games and rushed for 97.9 yards per contest, averaging 4.7 yards per carry. He will finish the two subsequent seasons after the extension having played in 24 games and averaging 81.9 yards per tilt and 4.2 yards per rushing attempt. It hasn't worked out. The Texans would only realize $1.25 million in salary cap relief by releasing him this offseason, too, so Foster will likely be on the team in 2014.
March 15: Mario Williams leaves Houston to sign a record-setting six-year, $96 million deal with the Bills. It was exceedingly unlikely that the Texans ever intended to re-sign Williams, who had been the face of the franchise during their down days; there were simply too many players needing extensions elsewhere on the roster. By not re-signing Williams, the Texans made a conscious choice to move on at outside linebacker with the combination of Connor Barwin, Brooks Reed, and eventually 2012 first-rounder Whitney Mercilus.
That hasn't worked out quite as well as the Texans might have hoped. Barwin and Reed had combined for 15.5 sacks as the starters after Williams's injury in 2011, but they weren't able to keep up those totals. Barwin and Reed racked up only a combined 5.5 sacks in 28 starts last year, with Mercilus chipping in with six sacks off the bench. The team then let Barwin go this offseason, replacing him with Mercilus as the full-time starter; he and Reed have a mere 5.5 sacks combined through nine weeks. Houston didn't miss Williams's pass-rush presence with J.J. Watt producing 20.5 sacks in 2012, but with Watt's numbers down in 2013, you might wonder whether the Texans miss Williams a bit. After an inconsistent season in 2012, Williams's 11 sacks this year are tied for third in the league.
I'm not suggesting that the Texans should have ponied up the money to retain Williams (nor has that been a good deal for the Bills, for that matter), but what looked to be a position of strength for the Texans even without Williams really hasn't been one.
March 16: Right guard Mike Brisiel leaves to sign with Oakland. Brisiel's departure came four days after the team surprisingly cut right tackle Eric Winston, who had been regarded as one of the better right tackles in football. On the same day, the Texans chose to re-sign center Chris Myers to a four-year, $25 million deal.
In terms of the contractual decisions they made, the Texans played it right. Winston washed out in Kansas City after one season and is currently toiling for Arizona. Brisiel was an enormous disappointment in Oakland during their move to a zone-blocking scheme last year and is a fish out of water now that Oakland has moved to a more conventional blocking scheme. He will likely be released after the season.
Myers has continued to play at a high level. The problem here, though, is that the right side of the line has never recovered from the departures. The team expected to start Antoine Cladwell at right guard, but he was a disaster before being benched for third-round pick Brandon Brooks, who remains a work in progress. Right tackle Derek Newton, meanwhile, has been one of the worst right tackles in football over the past two years. Right tackle may very well be Houston's biggest priority heading into 2014.
April 28: Houston drafts kicker Randy Bullock in the fifth round. Drafting kickers essentially amounts to a crapshoot; the Texans took Bullock, a 2011 All-American, one round before the Vikings selected Blair Walsh and the Rams selected Greg Zuerlein. Bullock missed his entire rookie season with an injury, leading the Texans to use veteran Shayne Graham as a middling fill-in during 2012. Healthy again in 2013, Bullock has been a disaster. He's hit just 14 of his first 23 attempts as a pro, including two home games with three misses each. Bullock's work as a kicker this year has cost the Texans 14 points per Football Outsiders; he's been nearly twice as bad as the second-worst kicker in the league, Garrett Hartley (-8.1 points). This could just be a small sample, but it's also entirely possible that the Texans landed on a bad kicker.
September 10: Houston signs Matt Schaub to a five-year, $66.1 million contract extension. I probably don't need to retell the tale of how this one hasn't worked out. The good news for the Texans, I suppose, is that Schaub's contract isn't quite as onerous as you might think. The Texans can designate Schaub as a post–June 1 release and split the $10.5 million in resulting dead money from his deal over two years, with $3.5 million on the 2014 cap and $7 million on the 2015 cap. (Cut to Texans fans thinking about having $7 million devoted to Matt Schaub on the cap two years from now.)
2013
March 24: Houston signs Ed Reed to a three-year, $15 million deal. After being allowed to hit the market without a serious offer from his longtime employers in Baltimore, Reed eventually found a home in Houston, which couldn't afford to match Detroit's offer for the Texans' incumbent safety, Glover Quin. When they drafted D.J. Swearinger in the second round of the draft a month later, the plan seemed clear: Use Reed as the bridge between Quin and Swearinger while adding a winner with rare instincts to the secondary.
The bridge crumbled in two months. Reed had hip surgery a month after he signed and didn't practice until the very end of August, and when he did make it onto the field, even the limited range he showed during Baltimore's title run last year had disappeared. The Texans ended up paying Reed right around $6 million for seven games, and his contract is now eating up $3 million in dead money on Houston's cap. (The cap space doesn't really matter now in a vacuum, but it's $3 million that the Texans won't be able to roll over to their cap in 2014.)
September 3: Houston signs Brian Cushing to a seven-year, $55.6 million extension. Sigh. Cushing is a wildly valuable player when he's healthy, but after tearing his ACL in 2012, he fractured his fibula against the Chiefs in 2013. His 2014 base salary of $2 million is already guaranteed for injury, and the Texans will either have to pay him a $6 million option bonus or turn that option into a future guaranteed base salary of $6 million. You can't fault Smith for wanting to re-sign Cushing, but as was the case with the Ryans extension, injuries have made it look like a bad move.
It's certainly a frustrating situation for Texans fans. Smith is a good general manager, and every general manager makes mistakes, but Houston has made a lot of big bets over the past several seasons and most of them just haven't worked out. Houston is far from hopeless; it still has a core of Watt, Duane Brown, Cushing, Joseph, and Andre Johnson to build around, with Case Keenum looking like he might be a viable starter. The Texans will also get a high pick in next year's draft, which is regarded as a strong class of talent. But it's also fair to point out that they have way more problems now than they did two years ago. Those mistakes haven't solely caused them to start 2013 by going 2-7, but they sure haven't helped, either.
Exhibit A from a WaPo online chat:
Boston, Mass.: Here is my question for the Tea Party. What are your solutions to today's problems? For example, I hear the word socialism used alot and government getting too big. But then what would you cut? Or what would the Tea Party members have done about the financial crisis from 2008? I assume that they would not vote to bail out the banks, but what would they do if the biggest banks in the world go under? Judson Phillips: First, cut taxes to increase economic growth. That works everytime. Second, let's go through the entire federal budget and eliminate programs that are consumed by waste, fraud or abuse. Start eliminating them.
Seriously? I mean: seriously? We're talking about a debt larger than we've ever contemplated outside of the Second World War and he's talking about eliminating "waste"? And I thought Glenn Reynolds was dishonest ... Of course, we later find out that defense is off the table. But he does mention entitlements, when challenged further:
Judson Phillips: Let's start with entitlement programs. They are the biggest source of out of control spending. Then let's go to congressional pork programs.
Pork is a teensy part of the problem. He does later argue that social security disability checks are the source of the spending problem. Yep: seriously, that's his one actual specific recommendation, apart from cutting taxes further! Yes, this tea-partier is still drinking the Laffer curve Kool-Aid. What does he specifically propose for entitlement cuts that come close to the scale of the problem? Nada. And he doesn't even have the excuse of being a pathetic politician trying to get elected. He's not running for office; he's heading up a protest movement against government spending - and he yet he can't offer any serious specifics on what he'd cut that would solve the problem. In fact, he barely seems to have thought about the actual fiscal choices before us for a split second.
Taxes? Pure denial of reality:
Washington, D.C.: Judson -- Are you willing to admit that taxes have actually gone down for the vast majority of Americans under President Obama? Judson Phillips: No
Of course not. And the past has to be airbrushed as well:
Alexandria, Va.: Are you willing to admit that marginal tax rates went up for the majority of Americans during the Reagan administration? Do you know the difference between average and marginal tax rates? Could you answer a simple econ 101 questions regarding the impact of progressive taxation on the labor-leisure choice? Judson Phillips: No.
If I have contempt for these non-arguments, it is because I retain some smidgen of a belief in honest politics and small government. These people are thoroughgoing frauds - a bunch of right-wing victim-mongers whining about something they have no actual ideas about confronting. They are not something new. They are the decaying stench of the Republican corpse. If they get into power somehow, it will be Weekend At Bernie's for conservatism.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
THE BUZZ: A new Mass Effect comic book mini-series called Invasion is set to release next month and tells the events that occur before the start of Mass Effect 3.
Two issues of the comic have been revealed so far. The first issue takes place on the Omega Space Station which is ruled by the Asari Aria, when the base comes under attack from Cerberus she is forced to become hostile and fight to protect her domain.
The second issue sees Aria lead the attack against Cerburus, however after the real threat is revealed she is forced to retreat. The first issue will be published by Dark Horse Comics and will be released October 26th, with the second issue coming in November.
EGM's TAKE: Finally some more Mass Effect story to tide us over until March 2012.
Will you be buying the comics?
Please comment below.
We live in a world, which is increasingly driven by data in the sense that with time data communication around the globe has grown to be very voluminous. This large volume of data that businesses capture on a day-to-day basis-whether structured or unstructured has the potential to be mined for useful information in a trend called Big Data.
In simple terms, big data can be characterized by 4Vs; data volume, velocity, variety of data type and value. Great volumes of data are collected from different sources such as social media and this has become easier with the growth of technology. There are a wide variety of types of data, from structured which include data arrays, files, and records to unstructured which can be textual or non-textual. Big data contains unlimited commercial value as its technology and services value rises each year.
Challenges of Big Data
The fact that Big Data is all about huge data means that there are many challenges that that analysts and clients face each day. The following are some of the challenges of having big data implementation within an organization or company.
Security and Privacy
Security is the process of preventing data loss or attacks from malicious malware and get protection from hackers. Execute the big data using SSL certificate to provide secure communication between web applications and web servers where EV SSL certificate is highly recognized and trusted solution in the big data environment. Regulations have to be set so as to limit users who access information and how often check-ups for malware is to be done. Data loss can also be a challenge especially with storage facilities that are not up to the right standards. Frequent backup and redundancy mechanisms need to be done to prevent this.
Privacy aspect can be individual or company-based. The biggest privacy issue is seen mostly on social media- for example in Facebook. An individual might participate in questionnaires but they do not know where the data will be used. Another example is that of a scenario where a person shares pictures with personal accounts but the privacy in terms of those who view it is not guaranteed. Almost everything that is uploaded to media sites can be accessed maliciously by anyone in public domain.
Speed
Big Data is stored in databases and EMC storages, which can handle large data in Terabytes. These storage areas need high speed to efficiently import and export data. With growing volumes of a data that constantly need to be stored, speed can be a challenge. Backups have to be done every now and then and with slow speeds, the process takes long resulting in traffic that leads to slow services.
Analysis
It requires much time to analyze data as the sets of data being received increases. Companies have difficulty in identifying the right data and determining how best to use it. Data is collected from different sources such as social media, which has to be analyzed to have a better understanding of users in general and what they want. Data analysts have to pay attention to what the clients want and how they use the information provided to them.
.
Access and Connectivity
This can be an obstacle especially where companies are not connected to data points and they do not have the right platforms to access and manage their data. Those that export their data to databases located abroad have challenges accessing their data when the network is down or if there is any maintenance taking place. Data from different sectors can be stored on the same platform and access to the sensitive materials is not restricted to any sector. Policies have to be set to restrict the users that can access certain information to protect sensitive information. Also, companies may be reluctant to share their clients' information and any data related to them to avoid competition and to generally protect the information they hold.
Cost
When choosing hardware and software, the cost of purchase has to be put under the microscope. Big data storage requires high-end equipment that guarantees high-quality data processing performance. The investment and operation cost is as high as hiring professional technical personnel to maintain servers and databases.
Data Storage
Large amounts of Big Data accumulate each year and this has brought a challenge in the storage and processing industry. Cloud storage comes in handy by providing users high levels in the realm of scalability, availability, and reliability. Cloud storage/computing is simply defined as the process of applying a network of remote servers lay on on the web to store, manage and process data. This is mostly used by sites such as Google and Yahoo which have many users to offer services such as the creation of accounts and online storage to their users. Here, clients can upload their data from images to videos and they can also receive and send emails.
Evolving Technology Landscapes
The other challenge is finding the right talent capable of working with high-level technology and interpreting the data to find meaningful business insight. This can be a hurdle in creating the right IT architecture that can adapt to changes in data technology landscape in an efficient manner. The voluminous amount of data is too large and complex for humans to successfully extract information. This needs technologies such as Hadoop that offer new ways to extract and transform big data into meaningful information. This is bound to grow even tougher in future.
Big data is escalating with the constant development of new technologies and applications. Companies are now more data driven and thanks to the access of large volumes of data, business leaders are able to make data-driven decisions. Data analysis helps companies make better decisions and identify new opportunities. It is now all dependent on how data experts can alleviate the trend of its challenges in a bid to make big data bigger in the coming years.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The otherwise low-key trial of Cleveland police officer Michael Brelo saw some drama Wednesday, the third day of testimony, when a fellow police officer refused to testify.
Prosecutors got through just a couple basic questions about the identity and work history of Cleveland police officer Michael Demchak before Demchak invoked his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination on the witness stand.
According to a report from the Bureau of Criminal Investigation, Demchak was one of 13 officers that fired their guns one night in November 2012, when two unarmed suspects were killed. Investigators concluded Demchak fired his gun four times.
Brelo, 31, is on trial on two counts of manslaughter in the case of Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams, who were shot to death by police in a 1979 Chevy Malibu. Russell, the driver, had evaded police during a 22-minute car chase through Cleveland and East Cleveland on Nov. 29, 2012.
Demchak told the court he invoked his right based on the advice of his attorney and would not testify unless he is granted immunity by the prosecutor's office.
Prosecutors had filed motions before the start of the trial opposing police officers who may invoke the Fifth Amendment. And they were quick to voice their opposition in court as well.
"We don't believe police officers should be granted immunity for testifying," assistant prosecuting attorney Adam Chaloupka told the court. Chaloupka said police officers should trust the Prosecutor's Office to not charge them for testimony given during the trial.
Cuyahoga County Prosecutor Timothy J. McGinty, who has been present but silent at the proceedings until Wednesday, told the court that as a matter of public policy police officers should be required to testify without being able to demand immunity.
"It won't end with this," McGinty told the court. "I am reluctant to start doing it here and now for fear of the future result."
McGinty also told the court that police officers knew one of their fellow officers did something wrong that night, but refused to come forward with that information to investigators.
Prosecutors have granted immunity to two police officers in the case thus far. Officers Brian Sabolik, who was the first to say he saw Brelo stand on the hood of the victims' car and fire straight down, and his partner Michael Farley have been granted immunity.
But Judge John P. O'Donnell decided police officers have the same right against self-incrimination as any other citizen.
"You're asking a witness to rely on your word that you won't charge him, but that's just not the standard," O'Donnell said.
O'Donnell said Demchak may be called back to testify later in the trial.
The courtroom commotion got a reaction out of the defendant, who has been sitting stone-faced throughout. As prosecutors, defense attorneys and the judge argued about the Fifth Amendment, Brelo smiled slightly and shook his head.
Two other police officers, Wilfredo Diaz and Erin O'Donnell, are expected to invoke their Fifth Amendment rights.
A spokesman for Cleveland Mayor Frank Jackson declined a request Friday for comment on the officer refusing to testify.
Here are other highlights from the trial's third day.
1. The defense argues it's unclear just how many bullets were fired, or where they came from
Wednesday morning, experts with the Bureau of Criminal Investigation testified to the layout of the crime scene. Defense attorneys challenged the prosecution's version of events. Prosecutors have maintained 137 bullets were found, but defense attorneys argued just over 100 bullet holes were identified in the Malibu and two police vehicles nearby. They also argued that trajectories can be determined for only about one-third of the 92 bullets that hit the outside of the Malibu.
2. Police cars are closely tracked
In the afternoon, two experts from CompassCom testified. The company was contacted by the Cleveland police department to interpret auto-location data from the night of the chase and shooting. CompassCom was able to take that data and create several maps and videos showing exactly which police vehicle was where during the 22-minute chase and shooting.
3. What to expect on Thursday
Prosecutors plan to call audio and lighting experts to testify. A video from a Bratenahl police cruiser recorded sound during the shooting. The prosecution has argued that the audio demonstrates a pause between the time most officers realized the threat was over and stopped firing, and the moment when Brelo jumped on the hood of the car and began firing again.
WATCH: Human Rights Campaign's Chad Griffin Rallies With Hillary Clinton in Iowa
The group gave Clinton its endorsement last week and then became an issue on the campaign trail.
Human Rights Campaign president Chad Griffin joined Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton on stage in Iowa Sunday, reaffirming his group's endorsement — which has become a point of contention on the campaign trail.
"She doesn't just voice her support, or vote her support for our community, she has been our partner in this fight and always willing to go to battle when we need her," Griffin said on stage. "She has the experience and the determination and the skills that will allow her to make meaningful change from the moment she walks into the Oval Office."
Last week, 32 board members of the HRC voted unanimously to endorse Clinton for president. Fellow Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, who has a more consistent record when it comes to LGBT issues, slammed the HRC's endorsement implying that as the largest and most powerful LGBT organization in the country, it is part of the "political establishment."
He later clarified those remarks in an interview on MSNBC, focusing his cricitism on the leaders of HRC and other groups that endorsed Clinton. He said it's the leadership, not the groups, that are part of the political establishment.
The HRC's original endorsement video made no mention of Sanders and instead initially attacked Republican candidates over marriage equality. And Griffin reiterated that, "The leading Republican candidates for president, they're still living in the dark ages." Griffin noted some who support reinstating the "don't ask, don't tell" policy and want to overturn marriage equality. He never mentioned the argument over whether Clinton and he is part of the "political establishment."
But the news after the endorsement quickly became about Sanders' comments and less about Republicans, with HRC tweeting about its "disappointment in Sanders' attacks." Meanwhile, HRC has also faced criticism from LGBT voters. Noted out journalist Michelangelo Signorile wrote "How an Early Endorsement From Largest LGBT Group May Reveal Hillary Clinton's Worst Fears" for Huffington Post Gay Voices, suggesting the Clinton campaign is "calling in its chips" because it's struggling.
A Washington Blade headline on Sunday declared "'Establishment' Criticism of HRC Strikes a Chord." Reporter Chris Johnson spoke with activists who said Sanders got it right even when it sounded as if he'd labeled the entire group as establishment.
Griffin took over HRC as president in 2012 and is a former aide to Bill Clinton, campaigning for him in 1992 and then serving on the former president's communications team during the first term. Griffin is also from Hope, Arkansas and when introducing Hillary Clinton to an HRC crowd last year, Griffin shared slides of himself as a teenager in Arkansas alongside the state's first lady, joking that "I've known Hillary Clinton for a long time, like a really long time — like a really, really long time."
Clinton reminded the audience on Sunday about their long history.
"I've known Chad Griffin since he was a young boy in Arkansas — who has made good," she told the audience. "Last time I saw him, he pulled out a photo of the two of us so many years ago. You know, the way you date my photos is by hairstyles. It's kind of an archeological exercise. But I know a little bit about what it was like for him growing up in Arkansas, learning about who he was and is, looking for understanding, looking for an opportunity to be fully himself, and I so respect that journey that many of you in this crowd tonight have taken. And I want that journey to be easier and smoother for young people today who have to do it for themselves."
HRC highlights Clinton's past record of support for LGBT issues, including helping to lead on bills to protect LGBT workers from employment discrimination and working on LGBT equality with the United Nations.
But Sanders has also been a reliable supporter of LGBT equality, supporting the Employment Non-Discrimination Act when it passed the Senate in 2013 and even calling on President Obama to hasten his evolution and support marriage equality in 2011. Sanders is a co-sponsor of the federal LGBT-inclusive Student Non-Discrimination Act and has consistently voted against bills seeking to amend the Constitution to ban same-sex marriage, while co-sponsoring a bill that would repeal the remaining portions of the so-called Defense of Marriage Act. He has a perfect score of 100 percent on the Human Rights Campaign's latest congressional scorecard.
Watch Griffin endorse Hillary Clinton:
While many of the different works on artificial intelligence (A.I.) focus on improving the quality of human life and easing the burden on people for certain tasks, the threat of machines taking over our jobs is nothing new. With the Fourth Industrial Revolution that brings fancy concepts like Internet of Things (IoT) or Big Data to the traditional industrial facilities in order to embrace unprecedented automation opportunities, more and more blue collar workers are faced with the unemployment threat.
But judging by the way things are going, robots will not stop at factories. Another traditional profession, news reporting, is also under near threat of A.I. and the reason for this is very simple: Machines love categorical information. If it is possible to put every piece of data in order on an Excel spreadsheet, no matter how complex it is, then A.I. is perfectly capable of analyzing and producing meaningful information from this sheet. In addition to sports news, many other fields of journalism fall into this category. We will certainly talk a lot about the new iPhone 7 when it is announced later this month but the main topics that hold the actual information will not change; the size of the screen, resolution, battery power, the CPU and so on. You can place all of this in separate columns on an Excel spreadsheet and then put the variables beneath them. Maybe even add values from the preceding model, the iPhone 6 or 6s. You can enrich this categorical, structured database any way you want and proceed to write an article about it. It will take at least 10 to 15 minutes to write a simple news piece that explains the features of the new iPhone.
Now, enter A.I.: It collects all the information from live events and combines it with the super-secret formula of news reporting creating a simple, adjusted, easy-to-read article in just under two minutes. In online publishing, a couple of minutes of being late means a lot. You need to be fast. You need to be like Xiaomingbot, the "A.I. writing robot" that is used by China-based search engine and news syndication service Toutiao. It produced 450 news pieces during 15 days of the Rio 2016 Olympics with a focus on badminton and table tennis, where China is a dominant player. According to Quartz, most of the robot news items were 100 words or so. The most read was a piece on a Badminton Women's Singles game won by London Olympics silver medalist Wang Yihan. The piece came out two minutes after the match ended and had over 50,000 views.
AP is betting big on A.I.
China had its own search giants, Baidu and Soso.com, before Google. So, a Chinese-language news syndication might not be a proper reference for A.I. to start taking over reports' jobs. But what about the Associated Press (AP)? The New York-based, 170-year-old nonprofit news agency is working with the technology company Automated Insights to publish machine-produced articles on a host of different topics. Automated Insights software is capable of analyzing data, deducing the important parts of information and then turning them into easy-to-read articles. Recently, AP announced it will use this technology to cover stories for 10,000 Minor League Baseball games not previously covered by the news organization.
"Cristian Alvarado tossed a one-hit shutout and Yermin Mercedes homered and had two hits, driving in two, as the Delmarva Shorebirds topped the Greensboro Grasshoppers 6-0 in the second game of a doubleheader on Wednesday."
"Alvarado (6-4) struck out eight and walked one to pick up the win.""In the bottom of the first, Delmarva took the lead on a solo home run by Mercedes. The Shorebirds then added four runs in the third and a run in the fourth. In the third, Steve Laurino hit a two-run single, while Ricardo Andujar hit a solo home run in the fourth."
The piece above is written via the software and it has all the information the reader needs about the game. Sure, it doesn't use any fancy references or metaphors. But this is why it's so easy to read.
With A.I., more events will get covered
The use of A.I. is also improving the quantity of news covered: Before the AP began to follow and produce quarterly earnings reports using automation software, they were able to cover about 400 companies. According to the agency's first news automation editor Justin Myers, AP is now covering earnings reports for 4,000 companies.
The threat of A.I. taking over their job is not just limited to news reporters, either: "Fight Club" author Chuck Palahniuk believes that "Fiction writers are facing the same crisis that figurative painting faced when photography arrived." Starting with writing software that corrects writers' spelling and grammar, "We might even have programs that can construct bestselling books," he adds. Palahniuk's advice? "Abandon technically correct writing and experiment in the same way painters were forced to experiment in order to keep their medium relevant."
In other words, the A.I. isn't just letting machines learn new things by themselves but it also forces us to think differently so that we try to create value from our humanistic perspective.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BROOKLYN, N.Y. — Con Edison crews are working to clean up a transformer malfunction that poured thousands of gallons of oil into the East River Sunday.
Officials say a transformer insulating oil was released from one of the substations in Brooklyn. The transformer that failed contained 37,000 gallons of oil used with electrical equipment, a statement from Con Ed read.
The oil was released into the station property and the East River. It seeped into the ground as it moved to the riverbank.
A Con Ed spokesperson said they believe more than half of the oil is still inside of the transformer.
The oil spill could be seen for miles.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The spill also caused a voltage dip that impacted the MTA's subway service. The system problems caused major delays on several subway lines throughout the five boroughs.
Con Ed placed absorbents and skimmers in the river as part of the cleanup process. They are also working with the U.S. Coast Guard, the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation and other agencies to remove as much oil from the water as possible.
"We will continue to assess the volume of oil that migrated to the East River, and how much oil remains in the ground on our property," Con Ed said Monday morning.
Speed restrictions are in place for boats as crews assess how much oil is in the river.
Con Ed officials say they have recovered approximately 500 gallons of oil in the cleanup process.
The spill is creating problems for NYC Ferry, which travels near the East River.
"The East River route will be subject to delays for the remainder of the day as a result of an oil spill on the East River," a statement on the NYC Ferry website read.
Ferry riders are urged to check with the NYC Ferry website for further information about delays.
It was not immediately clear when the restrictions would be lifted.
"We are taking all actions to contain and clean up the oil as safely and as quickly as possible," a Con Ed spokesperson said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A century old, the organization formerly known by the name of its main hospital, Children's Medical Center Dallas, is rebranding itself as Children's Health System of Texas.
“It's a natural extension of who we are and what we've been doing,” CEO Christopher Durovich said in an interview.
The goal of the integrated, multi-facility system — which generates about $1.1 billion in annual revenue — is to deliver the right care, in the right place, at the right time and with the right resources, he said.
The focus includes wellness and keeping children healthy, not just treatment of disease.
In addition to its main hospital near downtown, still called Children's Medical Center Dallas, the not-for-profit Children's Health has a hospital in Plano, a specialty center in Southlake, and 18 primary care medical practices in North Texas.
Children's Health is also forming alliances with other organizations such as the recently opened Children's Specialty Center at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas and a telemedicine program with Trinity Mother Frances Hospital in Tyler.
In the past year, Children's performed about 290 echocardiograms remotely for Trinity Mother Frances so those patients didn't have to travel to Dallas.
“We're becoming better partners with communities, parents and kids,” Durovich said.
Durovich also stressed Children's Health's involvement in research and education, including affiliations with the University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center and the Texas A&M Baylor College of Dentistry.
“We are in the business of creating the next generation of leadership in children's health care,” he said.
The distinctive red balloon remains in the organization's logo, though in a different place. Instead of being the “i” in Children's, it now comes after Health.
Make no mistake. Names are important, especially when there might be confusion.
In 2004, Children's Medical Center Dallas filed a trademark suit over the name of Medical City Dallas Hospital's pediatric facility. The organizations settled in 2006. Medical City Children's became Medical City Children's Hospital. Medical City is part of HCA Holdings Inc., a publicly traded company.
Will this rebrand help separate Children's Health System of Texas from other pediatric care organizations, including Texas Children's Hospital in Houston?
“We think it will,” Durovich said.
If it ain't broke, don't fix it: Leave something alone; avoid attempting to correct, fix, or improve what is already sufficient (often with an implication that the attempted improvement is risky and might backfire). –Wiktionary
A lot of developers avoid improving the code they work on and if you ask them why, they'll say, “If it ain't broke, don't fix it”. I understand their perspective: Every little refactoring could introduce a new bug and they “know” that the code works right now. Well, in my experience, when people have this attitude their project is usually broken in some way they just don't know yet. But, that's not the point of this article. The point of this article is that the, “if it ain't broke, don't fix it” attitude only makes sense on a finished product.
You can have the luxury of this attitude when it comes to your car, your TV, or your watch. When a watch is shipped, if a “version 2” comes out, it completely replaces “version 1”. Both “version 1” and “version 2” are finished, physical products that do not effect each other.
But, software is a different beast. Very rarely is software “finished”. Usually it is actively maintained for years and needs to be changed by a developer constantly. In this situation, you can't have an “if it ain't broke, don't fix it” attitude because, working or not, it needs to change.
In the end, this attitude is just wishful thinking. The reality is
you have to change software all the time anyway, so you may as well invest in improvements. Write some tests, refactor some code, etc. You're going to be working on it for a while, so you may as well make your life easier while you do.
Besides, with software there is wiggle room for the definition of “broken”. For example, if I have to deploy an application 3 times a day and it takes 20-30 minutes to deploy each time, I consider that “broken”. It doesn't matter that a customer can't tell the difference, it's worth improving this situation. Henry Ford used assembly lines in his factories even though the customer couldn't tell the difference. You should follow suit and streamline your processes.
One last note: If there is software or siloed features at your company that aren't actively maintained, that's a “finished” state. In that situation I agree: If it ain't broke, don't fix it. But, this article isn't about that situation. It's about developers who use this attitude to avoid improving all software they work on.
Daily advice link - Freelancer? We are hiring!
SAUDI Arabia's religious police have banned selling cats and dogs or exercising them in public in the Saudi capital, because of men using them as a means of making passes at women.
Othman al-Othman, head of the Commission for the Promotion of Virtue and the Prevention of Vice in Riyadh, known as the Muttawa, told the Saudi edition of al-Hayat the commission had started enforcing an old religious edict.
He said the commission was implementing a decision taken a month ago by the acting governor of the capital, Prince Sattam bin Abdul Aziz, adding it followed an old edict issued by the supreme council of Saudi scholars.
The reason behind reinforcing the edict now was a rising fashion among some men using pets in public “to make passes on women and disturb families”, he said.
Mr Othman said the commission had instructed its offices in the capital to tell pet shops “to stop selling cats and dogs”.
The 5000-strong religious police oversees the adherence to Wahabism - a strict version of Sunni Islam, which also forces women to cover from head to toe when in public, and bans them from driving.
[HT - Madconomist.com]
From 0 To $30,000 A Month With Drop-shipping
Older Men Happier Than Older Women
$5 million doorman fired from his day job
Purse Parties Funding Organized Crime?
Bears eat workers at remote Russian mines
The cubicle turns 40 this month
Category: Uncategorized
New York and California have for generations of Americans been considered destination spots to express personal freedoms -- one with a city big enough for anybody with a dream to perhaps become a star and the other a state synonymous with the so-called laid-back lifestyle.
But such attitudes have drastically changed, according to a new study that finds the two states last in individual freedom.
The “Freedom in the 50 States” study published last week by the libertarian-leaning Mercatus Center ranks New York last and California second to last.
The survey is based on fiscal issues such as job prospects and tax rates, regulatory policies that include property rights and personal freedoms such as gun laws.
“When it comes to overall freedom, New York ranks dead last,” the study's authors said.
They point out that New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg has taken away – or at least tried to take away – several personal freedoms, including his failed effort to outlaw the sale of sodas 16 ounces and larger.
“Though the law ran into a judicial buzz saw on the eve of its enactment earlier this month, it demonstrates the attitude city and state legislators have toward their constituents,” the authors noted.
Bloomberg has already imposed a stiff tax on cigarette sales and is a leading advocate for tougher gun laws.
In addition, New Yorkers pay a state income tax of 14 percent.
“Even New Yorkers who don't care about sweet drinks have to deal with the highest state and local tax burden in the country,” the authors wrote.
The result is New Yorkers are voting with their feet, with roughly 1.7 million leaving between 2000 and 2010, though newborns and new immigrants are keeping the state's population steady, according to the study.
“We're not living in a police state,” White Plains attorney John Murtagh told CBS New York. “But the economics of New York clearly don't work. And then you see things like Mike Bloomberg and his Big Gulp sodas.”
The top five states with the most freedom are North Dakota, South Dakota, Tennessee, New Hampshire and Oklahoma, according to the study from the center, at George Mason University in Virginia.
North Dakota came in first in large part based of its “very low taxes” and government debt, the authors said. “However, its spending is uncharacteristically high.”
The three other lowest ranking states are Rhode Island, Hawaii and New Jersey, in descending order.
The study authors said California's biggest problem is business regulation, though a recent attempt to impose a higher tax rate on the state's highest earners has become a major complaint among residents.
“The Golden State, with hundreds of miles of picturesque Pacific coastline, nonetheless managed to drive off a net of 1.5 million residents between 2000 and 2010 -- over 4 percent of its 2000 population,” the authors wrote.
They also pointed out Californians' personal income contracted by 0.4 percent a year in the seven years before the Great Recession struck, a record worse than any other state besides Michigan.
Chapter 9: Day 1, Evening
A Horse Not Yet Pale; Mud Yet Firm
X X
X X
X X
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
Sue Frasier spent the first six months of her military career at Alabama's Fort McClellan. But that short stint -- 44 years ago at an Army base the EPA later would find so toxic it would shut it down -- was all it took for her to start getting sick, she says.
Her problems began shortly after completing boot camp in 1970 at the Anniston, Ala., base. Today, she says she's coping with asthma, a life-threatening gastrointestinal disease that required surgery, and fibromyalgia that results in long-term pain and tenderness in her joints and muscles.
"It hurts everywhere, but at least I can still walk and talk," she told FoxNews.com.
Frasier is among thousands of veterans who were stationed at the former Army base who believe they were exposed to dangerous polychlorinated biphenyls, or PCBs. They repeatedly have turned to the Department of Veterans Affairs for help, seeking aid for medical treatment and a formal study of their ailments -- but say their pleas have been largely ignored or buried in red tape for decades. Today, they're looking to fresh leadership at the VA, and allies in Congress, to finally take on their case.
The true cause of the veterans' ailments has never been officially determined. Fort McClellan housed several Army components, including a division for chemical weapons training and research. But many veterans suspect they were sickened by chemicals dumped near Anniston by Monsanto Co., which had facilities in the area and disposed of chemicals near the base.
The veterans, while not engaged in any legal action against the government, have tried to draw attention to their cause before by lobbying and social media advocacy including Facebook pages describing their conditions. Their reported illnesses and ailments range from heart issues to cancer to reproductive problems.
Frasier's military career would eventually lead to a job as a telecommunications clerk at the Department of Veterans Affairs in D.C. There, she took part in history. On Aug. 8, 1974, Frasier was tapped to send out the message to military personnel across all branches of service that President Richard Nixon had resigned.
“It was all pretty neat,” she told FoxNews.com.
But these days, when she speaks about her time in the military, her voice fills with frustration.
“When I go down [to Washington] to look for answers, I get crickets chirping in the woods,” Frasier said.
Still, she is not giving up.
Frasier, who now lives in Albany, N.Y., boarded a bus to Washington earlier this week and on Thursday afternoon, met with Christopher O'Connor, the VA's acting assistant secretary for congressional and legislative affairs. Frasier says she is cautiously optimistic about her face-to-face with O'Connor, given the agency's recent promises to rebuild public trust following a scandal-scarred summer that culminated with the resignation of VA Secretary Eric Shinseki.
In July, Robert McDonald, former Proctor & Gamble Co. CEO, took the VA helm. Since then, he has been busy touring various VA facilities around the country and trying to change the agency's image.
Frasier and other veterans want to put McDonald's pledges for more transparency and better treatment of vets to the test. But they say they need Congress' help.
Two pieces of legislation have been introduced to deal with the veterans' medical claims. A proposed Senate bill would establish a national center for research on the diagnosis and treatment of health conditions of the descendants of veterans exposed to toxic substances during service in the Armed Forces. The bill has not advanced.
Over on the House side, a bill more specific to Frasier and similar veterans' claims, and backed by Rep. Paul Tonko, D-N.Y., would require the VA to create a registry of everyone who served at Fort McClellan from 1935 to 1999. It then would require the department to reach out to those veterans and offer health exams and information about the effects of toxic exposure. It also would open up disability payments to the veterans.
The House bill, though, has been stuck in congressional gridlock for five years and hasn't made its way out of the House Veterans Affairs Committee.
“They are the brick wall standing in our way,” Frasier said.
Tonko says he understands her exasperation.
“This is a critical bill that deserves an up-or-down vote and we continue to work overtime to get this passed,” he told FoxNews.com. “Our nation promises our troops the world when they sign up and enter the service, and this is one of many arenas where a very substantial portion of veterans seem to have been forgotten.”
Currently, Tonko's bill has 78 co-sponsors: 59 Democrats and 19 Republicans.
Alabama Republican Rep. Mike Rogers, whose district includes Anniston, has not signed on.
Beginning in the 1930s, Fort McClellan was home to the Military Police as well as those who signed up for the Army's Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Corps. It was also the primary training campus for the Women's Army Corps.
When pressed in the past, the VA has said it's looked into the Fort McClellan claims and has not found a conclusive link between the health issues vets reported and toxic exposure in the area. But in 1999, the base was deemed so toxic the Environmental Protection Agency labeled it a hazardous site and forced it to shut down, though it, too, did not conclude where the toxins came from.
While veterans no longer are housed there, parts of the base still are used as a training facility by local, state and federal agencies.
Many veterans who have lived or worked near the military campus believe their ailments were caused by PCBs. In 2003, more than 20,000 Anniston residents sued the Monsanto Co. and Solutia Inc. over PCB contamination. The companies reached a $700 million settlement in the class-action suit with residents, but the military members stationed on the base were not part of it.
PCBs are manmade chemicals that once were used as insulants and coolants for transformers, heat exchangers and various kinds of electrical equipment. They can be colorless and have no smell or taste, according to the EPA. Many believe that they were contaminated through the air.
PCBs were commercialized in North America in the late 1920s by companies like Monsanto because of their high boiling points, chemical stability and electrical insulating properties. In 1976, Congress banned the manufacture of PCBs in the U.S. because of their toxicity. In 1979, the EPA phased them out.
More than two decades would pass before worldwide production of PCBs came to a halt via the 2001 Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants. But by then, many argue, the damage already had been done.
PCBs have been linked to melanoma, liver cancer, gall bladder cancer, and brain and breast cancer. An investigation by CBS' “60 Minutes” brought the Fort McClellan and Monsanto issue to light in 2002. Internal company memos reportedly showed that Monsanto had known about the dangers of PCBs when they dumped the chemicals.
When contacted by FoxNews.com Monsanto spokeswoman Charla Lord distanced the company from the two bills in Congress.
“We have great respect for our veterans and it is tragic whenever people suffer from health problems,” Lord said. “However, it is not clear to us that these bills have a connection to Monsanto.”
Calls to the VA and Rogers' office for comment were not immediately returned.
If you've been brewing for a year or more, there's a good chance you've started looking into joining a homebrew club. Depending on how anal-retentive you happen to be – or what the options look like in your area – you may or may not have previewed and auditioned more than one club.
It shouldn't come as any surprise to hear that not all homebrew clubs are created equal. I'm not talking about size, the kinds of activities they engage in, or even brewing quality. No, what I'm talking about is the difference between a brewing club and a beer club.
They sound basically the same, right? Trust me when I say that they're not (or don't, and just keep reading!), and the differences matter.
I'm not passing judgment, or arguing for one type over the other, but being able to spot the difference might mean a much more satisfying experience as you hunt around for a club to call home.
THE BREWING CLUB V. THE BEER CLUB
Brewing clubs are pretty easy to spot. Beer tasting and evaluation tends to be more structured and is present at every meeting. You're likely to find a significant number of BJCP-certified beer judges. Members brew at least once a month, and often more. The club tends to sponsor intra- and/or inter-club competitions that encourage members to brew outside of their comfort zones. For example, my club, Stoney Creek Homebrewers, has a “duel” program in which members can challenge any other member to brew a specific type or style of beer (or a beer with a specific ingredient), and the challenged member MUST accept. The result is an opportunity to engage in a bit of friendly competition while at the same time forcing you to get creative and challenge yourself. Duels have included everything from a boring-but-tasty English bitter duel all the way up to the surprisingly-good malt liquor duel.
Brewing clubs also tend to have a substantial emphasis on education and technical development of their members. You don't need to pay for luminaries to come visit, either: conscientious members can volunteer to engage in some basic research and provide a brief class to the membership, at which point a general discussion can evolve.
Brewing clubs are about brewing.
The beer club is a different animal entirely. While it is comprised of (mostly) homebrewers, it lacks an emphasis on brewing. Evaluation of beers tends to be a bit haphazard, sometimes with nothing more formal than members roaming the room with a growler and pouring samples.
They also tend to be heavily social, with very little organized activity, either at meetings or in club activities. Education is often reserved for specific events external to the club's normal meetings, and sometimes includes larger-scale talks with outside experts.
Beer clubs are about lots of things, including brewing, but usually lack a particular focus or strategy, which can make them seem a bit more ad hoc and freewheeling. And the focus is more on beer than brewing.
FIND YOUR FIT
Finding the right homebrew club for you is, like many things in life, about finding the right fit.
To a highly social, extroverted, or casual brewer a more-structured club like the stereotypical “brewing” club described above will likely seem a bit dull or stiff. It will seem too obsessed with rules and agendas and the technical minutiae. You'll likely be bored.
To a more technically-minded or – let's just say it – neurotic brewer, the typical “beer” club described above will feel like a waste of time. You'll want to give and receive feedback on your beer but might get nothing more than a nod and a two-word response. You might also find that large beer clubs get clique-ish and can be a bit unwelcoming to new members – maybe not deliberately, but it can still feel that way to someone without a lot of friends in the room.
Find your fit.
MAKE YOUR FIT
If you're lucky enough to live in an area with multiple homebrew clubs, then it's probably a good idea to audition all of the ones that are a reasonable distance away rather than just jumping into the first (or closest) club you find. If you're not, then don't be afraid to start your own club! Stoney Creek was created because a few people in the same area that were already acquainted formed a club around a kitchen table – and what started with four attendees now draws ten times that many regularly, has a main and satellite chapter, and is a significant contributor to its local community.
But don't settle. A supportive and helpful club – whatever kind you prefer – is a great way to keep yourself motivated and interested in brewing. It will bring you into contact with like-minded people in your area, and connect you to the larger brewing community. It may end up being an important part of your social life or be a priceless resource to develop your brewing skills.
KEEP A WANDERING EYE
It should also be noted that clubs don't all fit into neat boxes. There are large and decentralized clubs that are highly focused on the technical aspects of brewing. There are small clubs that function as social clubs more than brewing clubs even if they follow Roberts Rules of Order to a T. And clubs evolve over time: what starts as one type may develop into another, depending on the wants of its membership or the actions of its leadership. So be flexible, and be willing to bail.
Hell, you should also be willing to join more than one club! I've known lots of homebrewers that belong to multiple clubs as a way to take advantage of what each has to offer.
So keep looking until you find (or found) what you want. There are few things that will do more for your enjoyment of homebrewing than joining a homebrew club, and the effort to find a club you like will yield benefits for years to come.
Keep it simple.
JJW
Please help support BEER SIMPLE by visiting the Support page and saving the links there as your bookmarks, especially this Amazon link! Every dollar you spend will help keep BS coming your way, and more often (which is at least as much a threat as a promise).
Thinking of getting a refreshing iced coffee from Starbucks to beat the heat?
SEE ALSO: Kelly Osbourne peed her pants and is blaming Starbucks
Think twice after reading this.
A BBC Watchdog investigation uncovered significant traces of faecal bacteria in ice from three of UK's high street chains — Costa Coffee, Starbucks, and Caffe Nero.
In other words, there's poop in your "Freshly brewed Starbucks® Iced Coffee Blend served chilled and lightly sweetened over ice."
Experts swabbed tables, trays, and high chairs in 30 branches as well as collecting samples of the ice used in their drinks.
Faecal coliforms are bacteria which contain "opportunistic pathogens — the source of human disease," according to expert Tony Lewis. They were found in 3 of 10 samples tested at both Starbucks and Caffe Nero.
In Costa, 7 out of 10 samples contained poop bacteria.
"The level of contamination of faecal bacteria concerns me a great deal," Lewis, of the Chartered Institute of Environmental Health, said. "The bacteria found are opportunistic pathogens — the source of human disease. These should not be present at any level — never mind the significant numbers found."
People reacted with shock and irony:
I always knew they weren't cinnamon sprinkles... Starbucks and Caffè Nero pic.twitter.com/xvHdc4kcgZ — Boo Brown (@babyboogaloo) June 28, 2017
For an overpriced, calorific, dirty-iced coffee, Costa, Starbucks and Caffè Nero are the cream of the crap.#walkonby — Lynne (@blonde008) June 28, 2017
Starbucks and Caffè Nero. The only bit of good news for Starbucks is that they can market a new drink the "iced crappuccino" 😜. — Chris Pritchard (@Loper45653919) June 28, 2017
"Starbucks and Caffe Nero" On my way to Costa, views trending... pic.twitter.com/mXfzQ6cMCC — AnSi (@AnethaSi) June 28, 2017
Next time you go into Starbucks and Caffe Nero you can say their coffee's shit knowing you're simply stating a fact. — Dan Patterson (@DanPattersons) June 28, 2017
Really wish I hadn't looked at why Starbucks and Caffe Nero are trending. pic.twitter.com/o8jR1Yb99T — Rachel Hawkins (@ourrachblogs) June 28, 2017
"Starbucks and Caffe Nero" is trending... that should cheer me up on a rough morning... let's click... ... 🤢 — click and hope (@clickandhope) June 28, 2017
People in Starbucks and Caffe Nero this morning checking the trending topics over a nice crappucino pic.twitter.com/oIvVw48qys — Jamrock (@JamrockOne) June 28, 2017
ill take a rain check from starbucks and caffe nero .. pic.twitter.com/wdl8Ye2TrL — lee (@Lee_k100) June 28, 2017
I've suspected for a long time that coffee chains have been following the Baldrick recipe: https://t.co/gsVDmV8ScF https://t.co/x6fJ1es1Tn — Will (@grid212) June 28, 2017
All three coffee chains said they've taken action:
Starbucks:
We want to reassure our customers that we take hygiene and cleanliness extremely seriously. We have moved quickly to conduct our own investigation into the claims. All employees nationwide have received updated training on our high standards of hygiene including ice handling. Nothing is more important to us than the safety of our customers.
Costa:
We were disappointed with the findings, especially as these stores are all rated Very Good with the top Hygiene Rating of 5. It is extremely important to us that all our stores operate to high standards of hygiene at all times and we take it very seriously when any store fails to meet these standards. We adopt industry standard cleaning processes across all our stores, in line with the Food Standard Agency's advice. Following these results we took immediate action to review our food safety procedures and have updated our ice handling guidelines and are in the process of introducing new ice equipment storage across our estate.
Caffe Nero:
We are concerned to read the findings in your recent report and a thorough investigation is now underway and the appropriate action will be taken.
Watchdog will air on Wednesday, June 28, at 8 p.m. on BBC One.
Sweet T&T: Trinidad & Tobago's Ten Loveliest Ladies
Words by Jam Central, Marcha M. Johnson, Jesse Serwer and Tishanna Williams—
Anyone who's ever been to Trinidad & Tobago knows that these twin islands boast some of the world's most beautiful women. For a small country few foreigners could find on a map, T&T always does well at international beauty pageants, producing a pair of Miss Universe winners (Janelle Commissiong, in 1977 and Wendy Fitzwilliam in 1998) and a Miss World winner (Giselle Larond, who beat out Halle Berry in 1986) over the years.
What makes Trini women so irresistible? The islands' unique mixture of African, Spanish, Indian, British, Chinese, French and Carib Indian heritage helps, as does the unmistakeable Trini accent, which regularly ranks high on lists of the world's sexiest. With Carnival approaching, and Trini gyuls (that's “girls,” as delivered through that sexy Trini accent) on our mind, we knew we had to gather a list of our favorites.
While we easily could blow your mind with Trinibagonian eye candy, we've selected ladies with personal accomplishments to match their beauty. All Top 10 selections were born in T&T; honorable mention selections include foreign-born women of Trini parentage, and a few surprises.
Click here to start the list.
(Visited 48,269 times, 8 visits today)
Guests: Lauren Lapkus Guests: Kurt Long Guests: Lucy Porter Guests: Sunil Patel
Lauren Lapkus, Kurt Long, Lucy Porter and Sunil Patel join host, Dave Holmes for discussions on dog marriage, holiday themed pickup lines, and truly bizarre movie names.
Lauren Lapkus wants to plug With Special Guest Lauren Lapkus and recommends the Natch Beaut podcast.
Kurt Long wants to plug Dudes of Future/Past and recommends Tila Tequila's YouTube channel.
Lucy Porter wants to plug her upcoming tour and recommends Desiree Burch.
Sunil Patel wants to plug Why is Harriet Crying and Borderline on Channel 5 and recommends The Delightful Sausage.
And finally, Dave Holmes is on Twitter @DaveHolmes and hosts his live quiz show, The Friday Forty at LA's Meltdown Theatre on the second Friday of every month. Dave would like to recommend The Line of Beauty by Alan Hollinghurst.
You can let us know what you think of International Waters and suggest guests through our Facebook group or on Twitter.
Written by Riley Silverman and John-Luke Roberts, recorded at MaxFunHQ in LA and GuiltFreePost in London, produced by Jennifer Marmor, Christian Dueñas, and Laura Swisher.
So we've watched Donald Trump bumble and stumble his way through two debates now, snorting, sniffing, bellowing, interrupting. I think by now we've got his game down. Herewith for tonight, a short and handy Trump Debate Tic Translation Document. Let's do it like this.
When Trump says: “To tell you the absolute truth.”
What Trump means is: “Okay, here, I'm really lying my ass off.”
When Trump says: “Wrong.”
What Trump means is: “Yes, actually, that's true. Fuck you.”
When Trump says: “sniff...”
What Trump means is: “Okay, she just said something that the remaining non-sociopathic 4 percent of me knows to be true. Ouch.”
When Trump says: “Believe me, folks”
What Trump means is: “I'm totally making this shit up”
When Trump says: “In every poll”
What Trump means is: “In zero polls”
When Trump says: “Blumenthal”
What Trump means is: “Personally, I'm okay with some Jews. Some. Roy was a Jew. But he wasn't like most of them. Nice short name, Cohn. But this name, I like saying this name, saying it real slow...”
When Trump says: “Nobody has more respect for women than I do.”
What Trump means is: “Look at this place; there's not one decent, fuckable piece of ass that I can see in this whole hall. Well, except Ivanka.”
When Trump says: “I will put Crooked Hillary in jail.”
What Trump means is: “I know I probably can't do that, but these boobs who are voting for me love this bullshit, so fuck it, why not?”
When Trump says: “Hillary is only in it for the power, the money, and herself.”
What Trump means is: “I am only in it for the power, the money, and myself, but look, those are the only three good reasons to be in anything.”
When Trump says: “ISIS will be taken care of.”
When Trump means is: “That Baghdadi. Have people seen his hands? The smallest. Like ever.”
When Trump says: “And we need to take down those artificial lines between the states, and we'll have competition like you'll never believe.”
What Trump means is: “Is this question over yet? Soooo boring. Hey, that one over there in the red, she has a pretty nice rack.”
When Trump says: “I was against the war in Iraq.”
What Trump means is: “I was against losing the war in Iraq, OK?”
When Trump says: “Why don't you interrupt her, Chris?”
What Trump means is: “You little shit, just wait until Trump News Network.”
When Trump says: “This election is rigged.”
What Trump means is: “If I say this enough, enough idiots out there will actually buy it, and there'll still be millions of people who want to come stay in my hotels, which frankly I'm kind of nervous about.”
When Trump says: “She's got tremendous hatred in her heart.”
What Trump means is: “I've got tremendous hatred in my heart.”
You get the picture. Take to the twitters and try some yourself.
Big data insights are the reason to build a data lake, but lack of attention to security could lead to unpleasant surprises instead. Hint: Trouble often begins with proof-of-concept projects.
Your company needs an edge, and you know how to get it—big data analytics. So you build a data lake and toss in reams of data. Because time to value is critical, you give trusted users access to it over the Internet. Next, you sit back and wait, hoping those line-of-business (LoB) experts can find the strategic insights that will give your company an advantage.
Congratulations. You've just committed the most common data lake security blunders: Your data lake is unencrypted, it is on the Internet, and it does not have strict access control. You have put at risk large volumes of sensitive information, corporate financial data, and the personally identifiable information of customers. Unauthorized access could not only result in financial loss, identity theft, and reputational damage, but could also run your organization afoul of regulatory compliance. Then there is the danger of ransomware—imagine your data lake becomes inaccessible to your company until you pay a stiff fee to cybercriminals.
A data lake is a key first step in the big data journey for any organization. Usually consisting of the Hadoop Distributed File System (HDFS) on industrial-standard hardware, a data lake contains structured and unstructured (raw) data that data scientists and LoB executives can explore, often on a self-serve basis, to find relationships and patterns that could point the way for new business strategies. Having large amounts of diverse data in one place helps increase the likelihood that users will find hidden and potentially valuable patterns and insights. Often used alongside an enterprise data warehouse, a data lake is a low-cost way to store data indefinitely while it awaits analytical processing.
“Data lakes often bring together an enterprise's most valuable data to perform analytics and/or build predictive models. Hackers would like nothing more than to engineer a single breach with access to all of it,” according to Forrester Research analysts Mike Gualtieri, John Kindervag, and Kelley Mak in the report, “Big Data Security Strategies for Hadoop Enterprise Data Lakes.”
Big data projects are proliferating at a rapid rate across organizations of all kinds, in all industries. In 2016, 65 percent of data and analytics decision-makers had implemented big data solutions, according to Forrester. That number should reach almost 100 percent in the next few years.
Data lakes often start as proof-of-concept projects, and that's where trouble can begin. “Most data lake breaches to date have been of systems that are connected to the Internet when they did not need to be. Some were systems that had been designed as prototypes and then moved into production without a review of the architecture,” says Bob Gourley, a partner at Cognitio Corp. and publisher of the Daily Threat Brief. “In some cases, the breaches were due to use of easy-to-guess passwords and default logins. As in so many other areas of security, big data security is frequently about getting the basics right."
Get the latest on HPE's strategy: HPE Locks Down Server Security Get the white paper
Data lake security tips
The tactics required to defend a data lake, such as authentication and encryption, are well known to corporate IT. They just need to be applied, whether the data lake is a pilot project or not. However, because data lakes are a relatively new item on the agenda of corporate IT, it's not always clear just who should take responsibility. “It's not well understood who should be in the lead. The chief data officer might be a good person,” says Rick Villars, vice president of data center and cloud at IDC. Whoever is responsible must step up and take charge. “There is value to having all your data in one place. But if you are serious about having a data lake, you need to have controls,” says Villars.
Although big data projects have typically been associated with larger companies, which often generate large amounts of data and have the resources to undertake a large-scale project, smaller companies have been getting into the act thanks to steadily falling storage costs. And cloud-based data lakes are emerging as an attractive option for many businesses, small and large, because the elasticity of cloud services allows them to accommodate large amounts of data. Cloud-based data lakes are also a development that might bode well for security because it forces users to examine what data will be used in the cloud and determine the security that needs to be applied.
Forrester recommends adopting an approach in which all traffic is secured and inspected for malicious or hazardous behavior. Forrester calls this a “zero-trust” approach, because no data is considered trustworthy. Zero-trust is particularly valuable in combating insider threats, because insiders have traditionally been considered trusted—a costly mistake, experience has shown. According to Forrester, 38 percent of breaches reported by North American and European enterprise decision-makers are due to internal incidents, which could be human mistakes, negligence, or malicious activity.
The zero-trust approach places a focus on data-centric security, which goes beyond traditional perimeter firewalls and antivirus software. Data-centric security includes a number of steps, including an understanding of where the data is located and whether or not its loss would pose a risk to the organization. Encryption and identity management are also key elements of the data-centric approach. Because data can be on premises, in the cloud, or both and might be manipulated by a number of different users, a data-centric approach mandates that data security measures such as encryption should travel with the data. It's also critical to give users access to only the data they need and to inspect data usage patterns through continuous monitoring.
The consensus of industry experts is to apply to data lakes the best security practices for legacy database environments. These generally fall into six categories. Here is a checklist:
Administration. Data administrators must be able to set policies for all users across all data resources.
Data administrators must be able to set policies for all users across all data resources. Authentication. End users must be able to prove who they are. Multifactor authentication is recommended.
End users must be able to prove who they are. Multifactor authentication is recommended. Authorization. Different users are given permission to access specific resources and perform different tasks, according to roles, privileges, profiles, and resource limitations.
Different users are given permission to access specific resources and perform different tasks, according to roles, privileges, profiles, and resource limitations. Auditing. Administrators must maintain a record of what was done by monitoring and recording user actions, and they must ensure that those without permission do not access data resources.
Administrators must maintain a record of what was done by monitoring and recording user actions, and they must ensure that those without permission do not access data resources. Data protection. Sensitive data should be encrypted both in transit and at rest, wherever it is located, whether on premises or in the cloud. Encryption key management, including key generation, storage, and access, is essential.
Sensitive data should be encrypted both in transit and at rest, wherever it is located, whether on premises or in the cloud. Encryption key management, including key generation, storage, and access, is essential. Backup. Ensuring that the data lake is securely backed up is particularly important to help guard against the potential cost and headache of ransomware attacks. Being able to restore data from backup will overcome the necessity of paying a cybercriminal to get it back.
According to Gourley, one of the most common design vulnerabilities in a data lake is failure to encrypt the data. “Designers with no security experience frequently think it is OK to leave the data unencrypted and control access by giving out login credentials to trusted users," he says. That's like leaving the bank vault open, he contends. “Miscreants with even a basic knowledge of IT can use malicious tools to get around access controls and get directly to the data, making encryption of data at rest a key design criterion.”
Villars stresses the need to maintain organizational compliance with industry regulations, such as PCI DSS for financial services companies and HIPAA for healthcare organizations. Also critical for companies doing business in Europe, or with European customers, is the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) of the European Union. Data lake data that might contain personally identifiable information must be managed in accordance with the GDPR or stiff penalties could result.
One best practice above all is eternal vigilance. “With security, there is always someone coming up with something new,” says Villars. The WannaCry virus/ransomware is a good example. Ransomware is usually delivered through phishing attacks via email. But WannaCry spread like a virus. It wasn't necessarily more effective, but it showed the willingness of cybercriminals to try new approaches. “There has to be a big focus to make sure you have added security into the design of these systems. It's never a finished effort. You'll always have to do more at different layers, possibly adding cognitive and machine learning,” advises Villars.
Bottom line: No big data project, including the creation of a data lake, should be undertaken without an airtight security strategy that is followed to the letter.
Data lake security: Lessons for leaders
Be aware of all the data types that are going into your data lake, including sources, dependencies, and levels of sensitivity.
Apply the best security practices you would apply to legacy database implementations.
For governance, risk, and compliance purposes, be aware that a data lake might retain data for a long period of time, and that the data might be sent to the cloud and back.
Related links:
HPE joins other industry leaders to strengthen the open source community
HPE GreenLake Big Data: Unwrapping the Gifts Your Data Brings
Big Data update: Hadoop 3.0 HDFS erasure coding performance
Can Big Data mean Secure Data? With HPE and Cloudera, the answer is “Yes”
This is Baby #2 for me, and since we were expecting another girl born in the same season as my first, I had no expectation of another baby shower. However, my Mom had other plans and surprised me by planning a ‘sprinkle' for family to come celebrate. With about 20 people in attendance, we had a great time and people were very generous with showering us with some essentials for baby #2.
This post contains affiliate links. For more information, see our disclosures here.
I am a big believer in Thank You Cards (remember the post I did about organizing them?) so it was a non-negotiable that they needed to go out. That being said, at 38 weeks pregnant, I wasn't sure I had the energy to thoughtfully write them out.
I knew I wanted to type out the main message, but still wanted something cute, and something to show I did put effort into sharing my appreciation for their gifts and support. Knowing my new Silhouette Portrait was just dying to tackle a project like this, I decided to tackle my own DIY Baby Shower Thank you Cards (which would honestly work great for invites or birth announcements as well).
You know how some people say the best ideas were born from a mistake? Well that's what happened here. I originally planned on having the pink paper peek through the brown. I purchased Kraft paper cards and envelopes with the intention of cutting the card at the fold, cutting the onesie shape out of the Kraft paper, and then matting it with the pink so the text ‘peeked' through. This is an idea of how a page of 2 could have looked..
I did like the look (although I would have opted for a brighter pink if I were to tackle this again) but the idea of matting and then cutting each one exhausted me. Remember.. 38 weeks pregnant over here. So instead, I decided to make a smaller cut file for the pink, and attach the pink to the already cut out kraft onesies.
And I am so happy I did this because I love the finished product!
From here (not shown) I wrote the persons name at the top, and signed our names at the bottom. Although they are small, if you wanted to write out a personal note there is plenty of room on the back!
To make it easy for you to replicate, I've included the cut files (for Silhouette software), the word template for you to edit, and a list of supplies.
Supplies:
Free Downloads:
Math Solutions: Helpful Math Hints And Calculations
By Daniel Theobald, "Wastewater Dan"
Mathematical calculations can be a challenge for even the most skilled water and wastewater operator. The formulas for chemical dosing, conversion, filtration, pounds, velocity, volume, and other everyday problems vary, of course, but there are a scant number of basic ground rules that can help make sure your math solution is legitimate regardless of the calculation you're performing.
The helpful hints below are the summary of my 25-plus years experience and the prowess of other masters.
Learn what a formula entails, not merely when it is utilized. Use drawings and unit labels throughout your calculation to help you designate the appropriate math operator, such as addition, subtraction, multiplication, or division. Always convert percentages to decimals to position into a formula and convert decimals to percentages as required of the problem for an appropriate solution. Make sure the units accord with the problem you are attempting to figure out. Pertaining to Conversion calculations, for flow conversions: pay close attention to the units in which flow is expressed, in increments — millions as million-gallons (MG) or a million gallons per day (MGD); or time as minutes (gallons per minute [gpm]), hours (gallons per hour [gph]), or days (gallons per day [gpd]), and so forth. Pertaining to Volume calculations, for entering into the formula to compute cubic feet: convert “inches” to “feet”; or convert “yards” to “feet”; or convert “fractions” to “decimal equivalent”; otherwise, you will almost invariably end up with the incorrect solution. Pertaining to Poundage calculations, for working out the pounds of an item such as biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) or total suspended solids (TSS) in a flowing stream or in a tank: determine the type of problem and exact requirement to solve the problem. Constantly trust your skepticism. If the answer does not seem right, check that you selected the appropriate formula, units, and that the math problem is solved accurately. Always work out each problem twice or until you arrive at the same answer twice.
In doing everything to master the competence of you and/or your colleagues, consider using this tool as another source for ultimate proficiency.
This tool for operators, represented through video tutorials, encompasses mathematical templates on Helpful Math Hints And Calculations of math word problems computation solutions.
The tool also provides definitions, explanations, and alternative applications for the calculations beyond the specific examples presented. In addition to operators, it may also serve educators, engineers, regulators, and others.
Representative Helpful Math Hints And Calculations of arithmetic word problems and exact step-by-step solutions are categorized as Conversions, Volume, and Poundage, which are available to download and view below.
Wastewater Conversions Word Problems and Solutions:
Conversion of pump stroke into gallons:
Conversion of gallons into cubic yards:
Convert flow from milliliters per minute (mL/min) to GPM:
Wastewater Volume Word Problems and Solutions:
Calculate aeration volume (MG):
Calculate cubic feet of circular tank:
Calculate liters in treatment tank:
Wastewater Poundage Word Problems and Solutions:
Calculate pounds (lbs) TSS effluent per day:
Calculate pounds (lbs) MLSS in activated sludge system:
Calculate pounds (lbs) of chlorine used in one year:
Playlist Calculations:
Playlist of all 35-plus Conversions calculations
Playlist of all 20-plus Volume calculations
Playlist of all 45-plus Poundage calculations
Playlist of all 165-plus Math Solutions
This is the Helpful Math Hints And Calculations presentation in my series of “Math Solutions.” If you have specific wastewater math queries, please submit a question.
About Dan Theobald:
Known in the industry as “Wastewater Dan,” Daniel L. Theobald, proprietor of Environmental Services (www.esdlt.com), is a professional wastewater and safety consultant/trainer. He has more than 24 years of hands-on industry experience operating many variants of wastewater treatment processing units and is eager to share with others his knowledge about water conservation.
Theobald serves as an active consultant for industries looking to achieve and maintain improved wastewater treatment at reduced cost. He is a Lifetime Member of the Who's Who is a Registry of Professionals and holds numerous certifications from wastewater management regulatory boards and professional organizations. Theobald contributed one chapter to the Water Environment Federation's (www.wef.org) Manual of Practice # 37 (MOP-37), a technical manual resource guide for biological nutrient removal, published in 2013.
In the 1600 and 1700s, some of the most creative and practical people realized that God was too good and loving to only let Christians into heaven. These people, who were called deists (from the Latin word deusor God), decided that God did not care if people went to Mass on Sunday, or celebrated communion, or accepted Jesus as their savior. The deists thought God only wanted people to love God and treat other people kindly and humanely.
The Christians of the time were able to uncritically accept the things that the Bible said about God. The deists, though, wondered if an all good and wise God would appear to just a small tribe of people in the Middle East. They denied a good and wise God would punish all of humanity with the curse of original sin because of the disobedience of Adam and Eve. They argued a good and wise God would never have ordered the Israelites to kill every man, woman, and child of their neighbors. They could not believe that a good deity would send plagues or earthquakes to punish communities which did not worship him properly. Nor could they fathom how Jesus could be God.
The eighteenth century is often called the Enlightenment, and it is thought of as a time when the forces of tolerance, reason, and science overcame the forces of intolerance, faith, and superstition. Because the deists were leaders in questioning their societies' Christian beliefs, the deists are seen as leading exemplars of the Enlightenment who advocated secular progress and human autonomy. Because people look at the deists through the lens of the deists being Enlightenment figures, people who read the deists only notice the parts of the deist writing that fit into their preconceptions of deism.
If we stop assuming the deists were Enlightenment figures who emphasized science and reason, we can see that the vast majority of deists were what we now call spiritual but not religious. This phrase has many different meanings depending on who is using it, but scholars of religion such as Robert C. Fuller say that one of the most important uses of this phrase establishes a dichotomy between public and private realms. These scholars assert that the term religiousis associated with the public realm in which people join institutions, participate in formal rituals, and adhere to official church doctrines. On the other hand, the term spiritualis associated with the private realm of individuals who are seeking personal experience of a deeper, sacred realm.[1] The deists rejected the authority of creeds, churches, ministers, and bishops because they placed the locus of authority within the individual's conscience and reason. If we think of the phrase spiritual but not religious as meaning a personal relationship with the divine outside of any established religious organizations, this phrase helps us to understand the spirituality of the deists. In this sense of the phrase, the deists were the first group of people in the modern Western world to be spiritual but not religious.
This site accents some of the most important spiritual beliefs of the deists. It discusses their deep and abiding interest in prayer. It shows that many of them believed angels or God gave messages to people or communicated with them in other ways. It also shows that many deists said they believed in miracles and revelations. Many of the deists had a spiritual but not religious conception of Christianity, which they called Christian deism. That is to say, these deists thought Jesus really only taught that if we loved God and were benevolent to our fellow humans we would go to heaven. These deists believed Jesus' later followers had corrupted Christianity by adding many doctrines and rituals to Jesus' original teaching. Some of the best-known Christian deists were Thomas Jefferson, Ben Franklin, John Adams, Immanuel Kant, and Carl Friedrich Bahrdt.
The articles on this site were written by Joseph Waligore. He has a Ph. D. from Syracuse University and wrote his dissertation comparing the spiritual beliefs of the ancient Greek and Roman sages to those of the Buddhists and other Indian thinkers. He has published three academic articles in refereed journals on the spiritual beliefs of the deists. He is near to finishing a book on the English and American deists entitled How God Became Good: The English Deists and the American Founding Fathers. He has also started working on a book about all the Enlightenment deists.
Red:OuT seemed to come out of nowhere, but it came at a great time. I'm a huge fan of classic titles like Wipeout and F-Zero, but unfortunately PC hasn't seen as many games like that of late. Hell, even consoles are lacking, considering Wipeout's Studio Liverpool has closed down and Nintendo is seemingly oblivious to the fact that there are quite a few people who would take children hostage for a new F-zero game (hell, I'd settle for an HD remake of GX at this stage). So Red:OuT came at a great time.
The game is totally aware of the fact that it's been inspired by the classic futuristic racers, which is the right kind of attitude to have, as it means they're aiming to make their own thing in the vein of the classics rather than ape them. Is that something Red:OuT manages to do? Let's find out.
Upon closer inspection, it seems Red:OuT takes after Wipeout more than F-zero. It's got the near-future aesthetic, as well as the pod-racer design that Wipeout vehicles typically sport. When it comes to difficulty, however, it's taken a cue from all the classics. Red:OuT is a game that will keep you on your toes and then some. Races will be desperately close, and you'll need to navigate brutal turns at breakneck speeds.
You're aided by the strafe mechanic, which allows you to shift your craft in the direction of the turn. Mind you, they didn't exactly mention this in any kind of tutorial, but since the game takes after Wipeout I rightly figured that there'd be some kind of turning mechanic so I checked the controls to find out which button helps you turn. What I didn't know, however, was that that the game also requires you to lift and dip your craft vertically when going up or down loops. This fact was relayed to me through one of the loading screen's snippets of tutorial text.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Aside from the strafe and pitch mechanics, Red:OuT has the ever-classic boost mechanic. It's a pretty standard boost mechanic, whereby your boost recharges over time. You also get two powerups, one passive and one active. This is a little different than the pickup system in other racers, as it's more based on the levelling system, but it's similar in practice as it revolves around getting fancy new toys that let you screw over the other racers. Mind you, some of the game's races are known as ‘pure' racing events, and these events don't let you use any of your powerups.
In terms of variety, the game offers a respectable amount for its asking price, and I felt the track design was really well-thought out. Quite a few of the tracks have weather effects, and it really helps give them a sense of variety and uniqueness. Aside from that, the game has a ton of polish for an indie, and 34BigThings has clearly put in a ton of work. You'll be pleased to know that it did 60 fps with absolutely zero drops in my playthrough, so you're set for some smooth racing action.
Now, in terms of doing something new with the formula, I think Red:OuT manages to stick to what we've seen from classics like Wipeout and F-Zero. However, it's got all-new content and it's on PC, so that's absolutely more than enough. Considering the dearth of futuristic racers on PC, even if Red:OuT sticks to the formula, it gets points for doing a great job of it. And there's no doubt that Red:OuT does a great job of reviving classic future racing gameplay. Any fan of the genre should check it out.
Red:OuT was reviewed using a PC downloadable code of the game provided by 34BigThings. The game is set to release in the near future on Xbox One and PlayStation 4. The PC version was tested by Mazen Abdallah on a PC running Windows 7 Pro, with a 4GB NVIDIA Geforce GTX 970 fitted on a 4th Generation Intel i7 4790 3.6Ghz CPU and topped with 8GB of RAM. We don't discuss review scores with publishers or developers prior to the review being published.
England captain Faye White has announced her retirement from international football.
The 34-year-old Arsenal defender, who has won 90 caps, is expecting her first child and will not now feature in this year's Olympics.
She said: "I'm pregnant and I'm going to be a mum for the first time in October.
"I have spoken to [England boss] Hope Powell and this will more or less signal the end."
England's most capped women Gillian Coultard - 119 caps
119 caps Rachel Yankey - 117 caps
- 117 caps Kelly Smith - 111 caps
- 111 caps Fara Williams - 103 caps
- 103 caps Casey Stoney - 101 caps
- 101 caps Rachel Unitt - 100 caps
- 100 caps Debbie Bampton - 95 caps
- 95 caps Marieanne Spacey - 91 caps
- 91 caps Faye White - 90 caps
The centre-half made her England debut against Scotland in 1997 and captained her country at four major tournaments - two European Championships and two World Cups.
White missed the decisive spot-kick during last summer's World Cup quarter-final shoot-out loss to France, which proved to be her last kick in an England shirt.
She has yet to decide whether she will retire from the game totally as she recovers from a knee injury.
"I have had 15 or 16 years with England and I think this was always going to be my last year," she said.
"Having made that decision after the World Cup I picked up yet another injury and had to have keyhole surgery on both my knees, which has been quite a struggle to come back from.
"But I have always overcome injuries in the past and I was determined to get over this one. I finally got back to playing and training in the New Year, but basically my international career will be over now."
Everton left-back Rachel Unitt captained England for their recent 6-0 win over Croatia Women and is one of the contenders to take the armband on a full-time basis.
The squad for the Olympics has yet to be announced, with Powell due to name the players involved next month.
"Faye has been a tremendous player and leader for me ever since she made her debut and I have personally thanked her for 15 years of service in an England shirt," Powell said.
"She is one of the best defenders in the women's game and an outstanding ambassador and role model.
"I have had a good chat with her and I told her the game will always be there for her, but, for now, this is a new, exciting chapter in her life and I wish her all the best."
vSphere 6.5 brings with it significant changes to the vCenter Server management clients including the vSphere Web Client and new HTML5 based vSphere Client. A detailed FAQ can be found here in this KB article; a summary of the changes are given below in this blog post.
vSphere Client (HTML5):
VMware agrees that Flash is not the solution for the long-term. Our long-term direction is to utilize HTML5. In vSphere 6.5, we have released a supported version of an HTML5 based web client which we call “vSphere Client”. The vSphere Client is part of the vCenter Server (both appliance and Windows) and is configured to work out of the box. You can access this client by this URL – https://<FQDN-or-IP-Address-of-VC>/ui. This HTML5 based client was originally released as a fling back in March 2016 and has been releasing a new version every week.
You can access the list of features/functionality not available in the vSphere Client released in 6.5 by the link in the vCenter Server's landing page (https://<FQDN-or-IP-Address-of-VC>/), which links to this article
Another source to check if a feature is available in the vSphere Client is the changelog section of the Flings page. The vSphere Client released in version 6.5 is using fling bits as of v2.7.
Figure 1: HTML5 based vSphere Client
Updates to the supported version of the vSphere Client will probably be released on a quarterly cadence, but we will continue to release new features every week via the Fling. Note that Administrators may look to the vSphere Client Fling to get the latest features but the Fling remains UNSUPPORTED. It will take some time for the vSphere Client to achieve feature parity, but we are also continually working to make the vSphere Client a great user experience. Progress can be seen on the Fling site as it develops, and is the best measure available. We encourage you to try the Fling and give us feedback on any missing features you want to see sooner using the built-in feedback tool.
vSphere Web Client (Flash/Flex):
The vSphere Client (HTML5) released in vSphere 6.5 has a subset of features of the vSphere Web Client (Flash/Flex). Until the vSphere Client achieves feature parity, we might continue to enhance and/or add new features to vSphere Web Client.
In vSphere 6.5, we have made significant improvements to enhance the user experience of the vSphere Web Client. Some of the key changes to this client are:
Live Refresh improvements
Figure 2: Live refresh enabled sections of vSphere Web Client
One of the prior challenges for vSphere Administrators was that they were unable to see the real time status for their environment, causing them to continue using the Legacy C# Client or abuse the Refresh button – both of which can cause extreme load on vCenter Server. Live Refresh in the vSphere Web Client 6.5 allows vSphere Administrators to now see the current state of the inventory. For example, VM power states and tasks for all users now update in real time allowing the vSphere Web Client to act as a source of truth for the state of the environment. Most of the views (Inventory tree, Alarms, Summary, Lists and Tasks) reflect the near instantaneous updates.
Client Integration Plugin (CIP) removal
Figure 3: Deploy OVF Template wizard without CIP showing the warning sign for additional file selection.
In vSphere 6.5, the vSphere Web Client will have no dependency on CIP as it exists today. There is also no dependency on CIP to install and deploy the vCenter Server Appliance,which allows us to deliver a cross-platform installer that runs on macOS, Linux, and Windows. Not all CIP functionality could be replaced by native browser functions, however. The “Use Windows Session Authentication” functionality as well as SmartCard login require the new slimmed down Enhanced Authentication Plugin (EAP). All other functions (File upload/download, Deploy OVA/OVF, Content Library import/Export) are replicated without CIP and function natively in a web browser. It is important to note that OVF deploy functionality has slightly changed with the removal of CIP. A user has to select all the related files of the OVF (.ovf, .mf, .vmdk unlike just the .ovf file before) as shown in Figure 3 above. This change is due to technical limitations on accessing local files by the browser.
Navigation improvements
Figure 4: Navigation improvements in vSphere Web Client
The default view in the vSphere Web Client is now Hosts and Clusters instead of the Home page. We also stick with the Inventory Tree through other actions such as performing searches to provide a more intuitive and seamless experience.
The Related Objects sub tabs have been flattened and brought up as top level tabs, thus reducing the number of clicks required to go to the VMs or other objects.
Tab reorganization – the Manage tab is renamed to Configure and sub-tabs under the Manage tab are now flattened which also reduces number of clicks.
Custom attributes
Figure 5: Edit custom attributes dialog which can be invoked from the Summary page portlet
Based on popular demand, we have brought back the custom attributes to the vSphere Web Client. You can view and edit the custom attributes in the summary page portlets.
Performance enhancements –
vSphere Web Client performance has been enhanced to improve the overall experience. A few of the areas which we extensively optimized are Login time, VM Configuration (Edit Settings), VM Migration and VM Provisioning (New VM, Clone VM).
Legacy C# Client:
VMware announced in May 2016 that the Legacy C# Client (aka thick client, desktop client, etc) will no longer be available with the vSphere 6.5 release. The Legacy C# Client connection to vCenter Server 6.5 or ESXi 6.5 host is untested and is not supported. (Reference – Goodbye vSphere Client for Windows (C#) – Hello HTML5)
The Legacy C# Client will still be supported with all previous non-EOL'd vSphere versions. For example, the Legacy C# Client will still be available and continue to work with vSphere 5.5 and 6.0. Starting with vSphere 6.5 onwards, we will not ship a newer version of this client.
For more details about the benefits of vSphere Web Client over the Legacy C# Client, refer question #6 and #8 in this KB article.
Dennis Lu covered this topic on changes to vSphere clients in his roadmap presentation at the VMworld. You can watch the recording of that session here:
We still need your help:
Figure 6: vSphere Client's built in feedback tool
We have made a lot of improvements to the vSphere Web Client and the new HTML5 based vSphere Client based on your feedback. The vSphere Client comes with a built-in feedback tool (Smiley icon on the top right corner) you can use to send us direct feedback. All of the UX, product and engineering teams monitor this feedback, and use this data to prioritize next set of features and make improvements. Hearing your voices through this tool and other channels has helped drive the vSphere Client in the right direction. Even if you don't have vSphere 6.5 yet, you can use the Fling to manage vCenter 6.0 and provide us feedback.
USA Today
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Following what he described as a "sledgehammer game" with another one around the corner, Urban Meyer sat at his Sugar Bowl postgame press conference smiling and laughing, displaying a jovial nature not typically seen since he arrived at Ohio State three years ago.
"Oregon won by 40?" Meyer asked of the Buckeyes' next opponent, after beating Alabama 42-35 in their battle on the Bayou. "Whew, I gotta go. We gotta go get ready."
Meyer's words indicated fear, but his body language conveyed the confidence of a man who has already pulled off the most impressive coaching job in college football history. With a starting lineup half comprised of freshmen and sophomores and down to its third option at quarterback on the season, Ohio State will play for college football's national championship next Monday after advancing in the sport's first playoff.
"We are good enough," Meyer said. "The future is bright at Ohio State."
So is the present, evidenced by the fact that the Buckeyes will be playing for their eighth national title in program history when they take the field at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, on Jan. 12. Regardless of the outcome at "Jerry World," it would have been nearly impossible to foresee Ohio State having this opportunity in front of it four months ago, when star quarterback Braxton Miller went down with a torn labrum in his throwing shoulder two weeks prior to the start of the season.
At the time, Buckeye players and coaches said the right things, about how they were carrying a "next man up" mentality and weren't ready to punt on the 2014 campaign. Still, the atmosphere inside of the Woody Hayes Athletic Center felt more like a funeral than it did anything else, as the nation's fifth-ranked team came to grips with altered expectations for the upcoming season.
"We're not naive to the situation," Buckeyes senior tight end Jeff Heuerman said. "We understand what happened and what we lost."
Ohio State seemed to have lost a lot in the second week of the season, when the Buckeyes suffered a damaging loss to Virginia Tech in Columbus. Ohio State's playoff hopes seemed over before Big Ten play had even started, as it dropped to as low as 23rd in the AP Top 25.
With a roster that included 11 combined freshmen and sophomore starters on offense and defense, Ohio State's season faced no shortage of uncertainty as the Buckeyes headed into the heart of their 2014 slate.
"We just gotta get a lot better," Meyer said following his team's defeat at the hands of the Hokies.
Sean Gardner/Getty Images
Ohio State seemed to do just that, reeling off four consecutive blowout victories over Kent State, Cincinnati, Maryland and Rutgers. It followed up a double-overtime win at Penn State with a rout of Illinois, landing the Buckeyes at 14th in the playoff rankings as the committee questioned a perceived lack of quality wins on Ohio State's resume.
One week later, the Buckeyes would re-legitimize their case for a playoff spot, with a 49-37 win over eighth-ranked Michigan State in East Lansing. "A young team grew up tonight," Meyer said.
At that point, Ohio State appeared to be hitting on all cylinders, with J.T. Barrett emerging as an unlikely Heisman Trophy candidate. The redshirt freshman quarterback would go on to break the Big Ten's single-season record for touchdowns (45) as the Buckeyes closed out the regular season on a 10-game winning streak.
But as Ohio State prepared to head to Indianapolis for the Big Ten title game with a spot in the College Football Playoff potentially on the line, one last unforeseen obstacle stood in the Buckeyes' way.
With Barrett fracturing his ankle in Ohio State's regular-season finale win over Michigan, the Buckeyes' playoff hopes would rest in the hands of their third quarterback option of the season in Cardale Jones. And with OSU ranked fifth and on the outside looking in at the four-team playoff, nothing less than a convincing victory over Wisconsin and its second-ranked defense would seem to be enough.
Much to the shock of the world—maybe even Meyer included—Jones would provide that and then some, throwing for 257 yards and three touchdowns in the Buckeyes' 59-0 beatdown of the Badgers. That was good enough to make Ohio State the nation's fourth-best team in the eyes of the playoff committee, advancing the Buckeyes to a Sugar Bowl semifinal against top-ranked Alabama.
"If you asked me a year ago or six months ago," Meyer responded when asked how comfortable he was with Jones as his starting quarterback against the Crimson Tide, "I would have looked at you like you've got six heads. But it's a much different story right now."
Joe Robbins/Getty Images
Jones, however, looked the part of third-string quarterback early on in the Sugar Bowl, as the Buckeyes fell down 21-6 in the semifinal's opening half.
But even if Ohio State's season had ended there, with a loss to Alabama, it still would have gone down as one of the great coaching jobs in college football history. Meyer had taken one of his youngest rosters ever and third choice at quarterback to the playoff, which is more than any rational Buckeye fan could have asked for prior to the start of the season.
And yet the two-time national champion head coach wasn't quite done.
Making in-game adjustments that included using Jones more as a ball-carrier and pulling a well-timed trick play out of his sleeve, the Buckeyes mounted an unlikely comeback, reeling off 28 straight points before holding on for the 42-35 win. Despite all the adversity that it had faced from the start of the season until the end of the Sugar Bowl, The Ohio State University will be playing for the national championship, concluding a historic season for college football.
"This is one of the great team wins we've been a part of," Meyer said. "We didn't play well at times, but we found a way to win."
That's been the story all season for the Buckeyes, who have managed to make good on the typical cliche "next man up" attitude. Every year there are examples of coaches doing more with less—just as Meyer did when he led Utah to an undefeated season in 2004 and Ohio State to one in 2012—but never has a coach in a similar circumstance done more than Meyer has this season, as the Buckeyes find themselves on the verge of winning the sport's first playoff.
But the Buckeyes have another challenge ahead against an Oregon team that just beat Florida State 59-20. After all, Meyer was ready to leave his postgame press conference early and start preparing for the Ducks.
But after all he and his team have already accomplished this season, there's a reason he'll do so with no shortage of confidence.
Ben Axelrod is Bleacher Report's Ohio State Lead Writer. You can follow him on Twitter @BenAxelrod. Unless noted otherwise, all quotes obtained firsthand. All statistics courtesy of cfbstats.com and recruiting information courtesy of 247Sports.
The military at large has also felt the growing influence of JSOC. Indeed, General Stanley McChrystal, now the top military commander in Afghanistan, led JSOC from 2003 to 2008. McChrystal's extensive special operations in Iraq, credited as crucial in the country's stabilization, earned both him and JSOC wide support in the military and in Washington. In his high-powered role in Afghanistan, McChrystal is increasingly turning to his old command. Spencer Ackerman reports that JSOC's current leadership is "playing a large and previously unreported role in shaping the Obama administration's Afghanistan and Pakistan strategy." That new influence includes strategic decision-making and direct involvement in the more traditional warfare conducted by the conventional military. Ackerman writes:
In his Afghanistan review, McChrystal said that a key goal for him would be to increase coordination between his NATO command and the independent command of JSOC, which suggested that the dichotomy between using Special Operations Forces for counterterrorism and conventional forces for counterinsurgency was eroding.
More evidence of the the growing special operations footprint can be found in the Special Operation Command's latest budgetary requests, which include 2,000 all-terrain vehicles and $7 million in training for handling detainees. All of which begs the question, Is JSOC an intelligence agency or a branch of the military? It is technically part of the military hierarchy, but its de facto status may be more complicated. Though it's unclear who JSOC currently reports to, it developed under McChrystal as a tool of the Bush White House. In a story on JSOC's contracting of private military firm Blackwater, Scahill quotes former Col. Lawrence Wilkerson, the former chief of staff to Secretary of State Colin Powell:
"What I was seeing was the development of what I would later see in Iraq and Afghanistan, where Special Operations forces would operate in both theaters without the conventional commander even knowing what they were doing." ... Wilkerson said that almost immediately after assuming his role at the State Department under Colin Powell, he saw JSOC being politicized and developing a close relationship with the executive branch. He saw this begin, he said, after his first Delta Force briefing at Fort Bragg. "I think Cheney and Rumsfeld went directly into JSOC. I think they went into JSOC at times, perhaps most frequently, without the SOCOM [Special Operations] commander at the time even knowing it. The receptivity in JSOC was quite good," says Wilkerson. "I think Cheney was actually giving McChrystal instructions, and McChrystal was asking him for instructions. ... At that point you had JSOC operating as an extension of the [administration] doing things the executive branch--read: Cheney and Rumsfeld--wanted it to do. This would be more or less carte blanche. You need to do it, do it."
It's hard to say exactly why JSOC's authority is being expanded so rapidly. It could be little more than internal politics. The CIA was widely disgraced by revelations that it was funding Ahmed Wali Karzai, brother of Afghan President Hamid Karzai and a big player in the opium trade that indirectly funds the Taliban. The CIA has also been embattled in a politically contentious turf war with the Director of National Intelligence, as Marc reported. Or, McChrystal may simply be giving his former colleagues a leg up, or any number of back-room political machinations. But I have a hunch this bit from Scahill's story could have something to do with it:
The military intelligence source says that the CIA [predator drone] operations are subject to Congressional oversight, unlike the parallel JSOC bombings.
President Obama has had a tough time surrendering Bush-era executive powers on national security. The use of JSOC as an independent intelligence and military force run out of the White House and unconstrained by congressional oversight would be tough to resist for any president.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
A highly ranked Punjab Police Sub Inspector married her girlfriend in a lavish ceremony.
Manjit Kaur, 30, married Pucca Baugh in a traditional Hindu ceremony on Saturday. The married in Punjab, a state in India's north which borders Pakistan.
It was a bold move for the police officer to marry her partner. It is illegal in India for people of the same gender to have sexual relations. India also does not recognise same-sex marriage.
The wedding was attended by their friends, family and fellow police officers with photos posted on social media soon going viral.
According to online reports Kaur wore a red turban and Baugh wore a traditional red wedding sari.
It is believed that as soon as Kaur graduated from high school she joined the police force and quickly rose through the ranks.
The first wedding
Many of Kaur and Baugh's guests believed their was the first same-sex marriage in Punjab, where the couple also had the consent of their families.
Trans marriages are becoming more common in India after the first trans person happened in West Bengal several years ago.
In February trans activist Akkai Padmashali married her long-time boyfriend. Later that month Shree Ghatak Muhuri became the first trans woman to legally marry in Kolkata.
Many media reports on (as well as at least one response to) the FTC complaint we submitted yesterday about Google's violation of the Student Privacy Pledge have focused heavily on one issue—Google's use of Chrome Sync data for non-educational purposes. This is an important part of our complaint, but we want to clarify that Google has other practices which we are just as concerned about, if not more so.
In particular, the primary thrust of our complaint focuses on how Google tracks and builds behavioral profiles on students when they navigate to Google-operated sites outside of Google Apps for Education. We've tried to explain this issue in both our complaint and our FAQ, but given its significance we think it's worth explaining again.
To understand what's going on, you first have to understand that when it comes to education, Google divides its services into two categories: Google Apps for Education (GAFE), which includes email, Calendar, Talk/Hangouts, Drive, Docs, Sheets, Slides, Sites, Contacts, and the Apps Vault; and everything else, which includes Google Search, Blogger, Bookmarks, Books, Maps, News, Photos, Google+, and YouTube, just to name a few.
Google has promised not to build profiles on students or serve them ads only within Google Apps for Education services. When a student goes to a different Google service, however, and they're still logged in under their educational account, Google associates their activity on that service with their educational account, and then serves them ads on at least some of those non-GAFE services based on that activity.
In other words, when a student logs into their educational account, and then uses Google News to create a report on current events, or researches history using Google Books, or has a geography lesson using Google Maps, or watches a science video on YouTube, Google tracks that activity and feeds it into an ad profile attached to the student's educational account—even though Google knows that the person using that account is a student, and the account was created for educational purposes.
This is our biggest complaint about Google's practices—that despite having promised not to track students, Google is abusing its position of power as a provider of some educational services to profit off of students' data when they use other Google services—services that Google has arbitrarily decided don't deserve any protection.
Of course, that's not to say that Google's use of Chrome Sync data for non-educational purposes isn't a problem. While we agree that Chrome Sync is an incredibly useful service, we don't think students should be guinea pigs in Google's efforts to improve its products without explicit parental opt-in—even if their data is anonymized and aggregated. The Student Privacy Pledge website clearly says that service providers will “use data for authorized education purposes only”—and anonymized or not, using Chrome Sync data for anything other than the Chrome Sync service itself does not constitute an educational purpose.
While our FTC complaint is focused on Google, rest assured that we're not limiting our campaign to one company. In the coming weeks and months we intend to continue investigating the practices of other cloud-based education services. And if you're a parent or teacher with first-hand knowledge of other cloud-based education services, you can help us out by filling out our survey so we can gather more information to decide where to focus next!
Since oil started moving by rail in unprecedented volumes in the Pacific Northwest in 2012, everyone involved has scrambled to catch up.
Oregon hired more rail safety inspectors. State firefighters and environmental officials trained for accidents and spills. Federal regulators adopted new safety standards.
And yet another oil train went off the rails a week ago in Mosier, a small Columbia River Gorge town, sparking evacuations and a fire that burned for 14 hours.
Oil trains are still not as safe as they could be. Despite nationwide attention, hundreds of millions of gallons of crude oil continues moving by rail through small towns and big cities in the Pacific Northwest, posing risks on both sides of the Columbia River, along the Deschutes River and the Interstate 5 corridor.
Here are five ways the oil trains moved by companies like Union Pacific and BNSF Railway Co. could be safer than they are today.
1. Oil could move in safer tank cars.
The shortcomings of the tank cars carrying volatile crude oil across the country have been obvious for years.
When oil trains began hauling mile-long loads of crude a few years ago, they used an outdated rail car called the DOT-111. The car punctured easily and tore open in derailments. Now oil increasingly moves in a second-generation car called the CPC-1232. It's stronger, with a reinforced steel shield on each end. All the cars in the Mosier derailment were CPC-1232s.
But as that fiery wreck and several others have made clear, oil moving in those tank cars is still dangerous.
Under federal rules issued last year, DOT-111s and CPC-1232s are due to be phased out or retrofitted in favor of a newer car called the DOT-117. That process will target the most unsafe cars first.
But that will take years. Tank cars like those in the Mosier derailment can still ply the rails until May 1, 2025.
Even their replacements will derail, a daily occurrence on rail lines across the country. They are just less likely to release oil when that happens. The new DOT-117 will be thicker, with stronger brakes.
The rules "should result in fewer punctures and pile-ups like we saw in Oregon," said Namrata Kolachalam, a federal Department of Transportation spokeswoman. "The deadlines for retrofit of tank cars have been locked in by Congress and are the absolute last moment for railroads to meet these standards. Industry should work to beat those deadlines."
Michael Eyer, a former state rail safety inspector, said the safest tank car would be one called the DOT-105. It's used to move far more dangerous substances such as propane and anhydrous ammonia. But because it's pressurized, it can hold about a third less, Eyer said, cutting into profits.
"We can make it safer, we can do better," Eyer said. "It takes a degree of commitment that we don't have."
2. Tank cars could be required to better withstand fires.
When the oil train derailed in Mosier, it started a fire that burned beneath loaded tank cars each holding as much as 30,000 gallons of crude.
In other oil train derailments, that pool of flame created so much pressure inside tank cars that they exploded, sending massive fireballs into the sky. That didn't happen in Mosier. Despite the fire and smoke, no tank cars exploded.
But as a Chicago Tribune report found, federal rail regulators didn't address the risks of pool fires in new tank car standards unveiled last year. The Department of Transportation kept a 20-year-old rule that requires tank cars to survive a fire for 100 minutes without exploding.
Safety advocates and rail industry officials urged the federal agency to increase that requirement to 800 minutes, the Tribune found, or 13 hours. That's about how long the Mosier fire burned.
The federal government didn't listen and has no current plans to require that.
3. The oil itself could be made safer.
Crude oil was never supposed to explode.
The oil moving from North Dakota's Bakken formation is extracted by hydraulic fracturing. When it comes out of the ground, it's saturated with unusually high concentrations of flammable gases such as propane and butane - the same gases as in backyard grills and cigarette lighters. A 2014 investigation by The Oregonian/OregonLive found the oil moving through the state was unusually volatile.
Producers can strip out those highly flammable gases before the oil is loaded for shipment. The process is called stabilization. North Dakota oil regulators estimate it would add $2 to the production cost of every barrel.
Less volatile oil could still burn in a derailment. But nearby residents and firefighters responding to train accidents would be safer from reducing the size of any fireball.
State regulators in North Dakota last year set the first ever limit to tame the most volatile crude. It requires a less-intense treatment process estimated to cost 10 cents per barrel.
But safety officials and experts on crude oil say the limit, 13.7 psi, is too high to have widespread impact. The oil that exploded in Lac Megantic, Quebec, in 2013, killing 47 people, wouldn't have been affected.
The oil that caught fire in Mosier was also within the North Dakota standards.
It was still as volatile as gasoline.
4. States could minimize oil train traffic until they're safer.
Oregon and Washington can't ban oil trains. Because railroads enable interstate commerce, they're primarily regulated by the federal government -- not states.
But states can control whether those trains have more destinations.
In Washington, Gov. Jay Inslee has the final say over a Vancouver oil train terminal proposed by Tesoro Corp. and Savage Services. The terminal would be the West Coast's largest, bringing up to four oil trains through Washington's side of the Columbia Gorge daily, loading the oil on barges to send to refineries.
Environmental groups have fought the terminal since it was unveiled. They say the Mosier crash will reinvigorate their opposition.
Eric de Place, policy director at the Sightline Institute, a progressive Seattle think tank, said it's up to elected officials such as Inslee to call a timeout on oil trains "until they can prove it's not going to kill us."
"I have to believe this incident is going to register with him," de Place said. "This incident will weigh heavily on the scale."
The Port of Portland said no to an oil train terminal in 2014 after developers contacted the public agency about building a terminal. The port studied the proposal, then publicly rejected it, citing oil train safety risks.
Port leaders haven't changed their minds. Though the agency hasn't received any proposals since then, Bill Wyatt, the port's executive director, said he still doesn't think oil trains are safe enough because of the oil's volatility.
"It's a toxic brew," Wyatt said. "I've personally come to the conclusion that regulators need to step up and deal with this at the source. This substance has proven itself to my satisfaction to be too dangerous."
5. Lawmakers could ensure that railroads, not taxpayers, are on the hook for the costs of a worst-case wreck.
This wouldn't make an oil train safer, but it would reduce risks to the taxpaying public.
When an out-of-control oil train derailed in Lac Megantic, Quebec, and killed 47 people in July 2013, its operator, the Maine, Montreal & Atlantic Railway Ltd., quickly went belly up. The company carried $25 million in insurance. The cleanup and rebuilding was estimated to cost more than $2 billion.
Taxpayers have been picking up the tab.
Starting June 18, Canadian transportation regulators are requiring railroads hauling large volumes of crude to carry $1 billion in liability insurance.
U.S. regulators haven't done the same, despite urging from the National Transportation Safety Board. Washington lawmakers passed a law requiring railroads to prove they had enough insurance for catastrophic accidents. It had little effect.
Railroads including Union Pacific and BNSF Railway Co. filed reports with Washington state regulators estimating a "reasonable" worst-case oil train wreck would cost more than $700 million.
That price tag is less than half the actual worst-case scenario that already happened in Quebec.
Railroads told the state they had enough insurance, but refused to disclose how much, claiming the information was a proprietary trade secret.
-- Rob Davis
rdavis@oregonian.com
503.294.7657
BERLIN (Reuters) - German Chancellor Angela Merkel called the victory of French President Emmanuel Macron's party in the first round of parliamentary elections a “strong vote for reforms” and a senior official signaled Berlin's willingness to deepen cooperation.
Germany's Chancellor Angela Merkel adjusts her headphone during an official event with Mexican and German business leaders in Mexico City, Mexico, June 10, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
France is Germany's second-biggest trading partner and the strong support for pro-European centrist reformer Macron has sparked hopes that Berlin and Paris will spearhead a broad-based economic revival in Europe and a push for more integration in the euro zone.
Projections after the first election round on Sunday showed that Macron's fledgling party is set to trounce France's traditional main parties and secure a huge majority to push through pro-business reforms.
“Chancellor Merkel: My heartfelt congratulations to @EmmanuelMacron to the great success of his party in the first election round. Strong vote for reforms,” the government tweeted.
Merkel and Macron agreed last month to draw up a roadmap to deeper EU integration and suggested the bloc's treaties may change to facilitate even more ambitious reform.
The finance ministers of both countries, Wolfgang Schaeuble and Bruno Le Maire, have set up a joint working group that will present ideas by July on deepening euro zone integration.
Germany's Deputy Finance Minister Jens Spahn said he hoped that Macron would now be able to quickly implement reforms that would boost growth in France's economy.
“If we can help in this regard, we will certainly help,” Spahn told Deutschlandfunk broadcaster.
Spahn, a senior member of Merkel's conservatives, said Berlin was open to discuss Macron's proposals for a joint euro zone finance minister and a shared budget in the bloc, but said it was important to first clarify the role and responsibilities.
He repeated Berlin's rejection of a mutualization of debt within the currency bloc, a step many Germans fear would make Berlin pay for struggling states that resist reform.
However, he said Germany was willing to increase its role in financing investment projects in Europe. “We're open for a lot of things in this regard,” Spahn said.
It is done. You have found the least damaged and slutty girl you could find that also looks like you. She passed all the loyalty tests and the seed has taken root. But the future is bleak and many challenges lie ahead of your progeny.
Elites and media cannot wait to put their gender-fluid sausage-fingered paws on your children and format their young brains. It is your role to shield them from that peril and here is a non-exhaustive list that can help you in that task.
1. Be present
As simple as that. Be there. Listen to them. Spot the early signs of SJW friendly attitude and nip them in the bud. A girl with an absent father, like a ship with no rudder, will turn to an ocean of cocks. A boy with an absent father will turn to crime, or worse, feminism.
Keep them close in their formative years. You are a rock, an example. Live by what you preach. There is only so much you can do. The idea here is to create a strong, independent mind that will be curious, hard to manipulate and ready to question the pre-conceived ideas that the exterior world will feed them.
2. Find the ideal environment
It starts by choosing the right mate. More on that here. Avoid criminogenic urban hives. Make sure that you approve of the local community before you move in somewhere. Don't let them go to university. Make them learn something that will bring them a stable future.
Leave America if Trump does not make it great again. Find the fertile ground that will allow your children to grow well and safe. Pick a country that despises SJWs and outright mocks them.
3. Be direct but constructive
Tell them that life is unfair, that family is sacred and explain what death is, among other things. Explain clearly what are the concepts of hard work, merit, strength and beauty, that men and women are very different. That physical appearance and money are important, but that they are not the panacea.
No matter what they say, no man wants to hear that he is weak and no woman wants to hear that she is unattractive.
Tell them that a man has only his integrity and guts for him while a woman has only her fleeting beauty and sexual purity to rely on. Tell them when they have made a mistake and don't tell them that they are the best if they are not.
While they should not laugh at people that are truly handicapped, when he asks “Dad, why is the lady so fat and smells funny?”, it is your sacred duty to answer: “Because she is lonely, has no self-control and is lazy, my son.”
4. Be the media master
Own a screening device but not the poisonous tube that goes with it. The tube is at war with what you are. Empowered tubs of lard and manginas are not welcome in the sanctuary that is your home.
Loading...
If you have to make your little ones watch something, have a look at it first. Check the DVD cover, the plot, the signs. Aim for pre-2000 and Internet. Decide.
Provide them with a huge library. Read for them. Encourage them to read on their own. Never stop buying books. Do not allow their devices to have Internet until their minds can understand what is on it. No smartphones. No exception.
Phones are fine. No social network for you, no social network for them. Explain that the real life is out there. There can be a computer with Internet. In the living room, accessible to them during the day and when you are there. Child-proof the Internet and install parental control on your own devices, such as tablets, that are lying around.
5. Celebrate your culture without forcing it on them
Share it. If it is interesting, rich, exciting and beautiful, it will impress on its own and stick. It should be like a beautiful painting on the wall of one's house. Always there, quietly hanging. It has been seen thousands of times but even away from it, every minor detail of it is memorized.
Bring them to museums instead of theme parks. Help them create a positive cultural identity for themselves.
Read them stories of the great heroes of old and ask them what they think of it. Share slices of life of your childhood and the moments shared with the ones that came before you.
6. Keep them away from the bad seed
The foe in your own backyard is as dangerous as the overlords that want your heirs to follow the herd. Neighbourhood kids, classmates. Keep an eye on the surroundings of your children. Birds of a feather flock together. Keep also an eye on teachers and neighboring adults.
The problem is that children are attracted by nature to what is forbidden. Do not yell and ban outright. Be subtle AT FIRST. Mock, belittle, display alpha traits, just like with game. Heartiste has an interesting point of view on that matter. If the problem persists, use fear, the universal equalizer. Nuke peer pressure. Let someone else's kid be a degenerate.
7. Give them brothers and sisters
A sibling is an ally. A second mind that can bring guidance as well as safety when the father is gone.
An extra root to a strong family tree and one more defender and carrier of your name. If unfortunately you messed up one, (no one is safe) you have a few others to save your line from vanishing into PC-approved degeneracy.
En résumé
Fathers of the previous generations could afford to be distant, god-like figures as family, religion and culture were on their side to look after their heirs. But today, the establishment is at war with us on all fronts. We cannot leave our children be and go with the flow while hoping for the best.
It will be hard and it will last for a while. But it is your duty to look after your own. Be strong and just. Keep going. Do not cave in. They are your children. They will not stop loving you for being strict. There is a reason why parents before us always said “You will thank me later.”
Read More: 12 Ways Famous Celebrities Are Like Little Children Trapped In Adult Bodies
Thousands have marched on the National Mall in Washington, DC to protest covert NSA surveillance operations on the anniversary of the Patriot Act. The organizers have presented Congress with a petition which has acquired over 580,000 signatures.
Stop Watching Us is a collective of 100 public advocacy groups, among them the American Civil Liberties Union, Freedom Works, as well as individuals like Chinese artist/activist Ai Weiwei and Glenn Greenwald, the journalist who worked with Edward Snowden to expose many of the NSA's surveillance procedures. The rally began at 11:30 am local time on October 26 – the 12th anniversary of the US Patriot Act.
“First, we are asking for a congressional investigation so we can shed light on exactly what the National Security Agency is doing. Secondly, we ask for reform of federal surveillance law, specifically Section 215 of the Patriot Act, Section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, and the state secrets privilege,” Rainey Reitman, EFF activism director and lead organizer for Saturday's rally told tech news outlet CNET on Friday.
23:59 GMT: The organizers of the rally Stop Watching Us have released a YouTube video highlighting events of Saturday's march.
23:20 GMT: Twelve years after Americans were stripped of their rights in the name of fighting terrorism, thousands have gathered in Washington DC to protest unconstitutional NSA spying programs revealed by Edward Snowden, and call for repeal of the Patriot Act. (FULL STORY)
22:51 GMT: As thousands of people hit the streets to challenge illegal surveillance by US intelligence agencies in Washington DC, the US federal government for the first time in legal history officially announced it was going to use evidence collected without a warrant in a criminal case against a suspected terrorist.
22:45 GMT: Video of Edward Snowden's statement being read by former US Department of Justice ethics adviser, Jesselyn Radack.
22:36 GMT: The rally in Washington DC did not achieve its ultimate goal, Wide Awake News founder Charlie McGrath told RT. He believes in order to have their voices heard by the government, the protesters should unite the majority of the US population under their banner.
“We need a 100 million, 200 million, 300 hundred million people to wake up and realize that we have turned into a Stasi-style police state,” McGrath said.
“Congress seems to be interested in nothing more than collecting the revenue that they need in order to maintain their positions of power by the same military and security-industrial complex that is watching the people of this country and the world illegally.”
22:02 GMT:
"I am not your subject" anti-spying sign in the shadows of the US Capitol Building earlier at #stopwatchingus rally. pic.twitter.com/CiVpMdTemU — Andrew Boo-lake (@apblake) October 26, 2013
21:37 GMT: Ahead of the mass rally, the US Department of Defense published a YouTube interview with NSA Director and CYCOM Commander General Keith Alexander trying to justify the agency's programs. So far less than 2 percent of viewers agree with Alexander's reasoning.
Question: What does it mean to be the director of the #NSA? Answer: One green pixel ;-) pic.twitter.com/QWQnvNEjm9 — Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 26, 2013
21:10 GMT: Here is Edward Snowden's full statement read out in front of the crowd at Washington DC:
In the last four months, we've learned a lot about our government. We've learned that the US Intelligence Community secretly built a system of pervasive surveillance.
Today, no telephone in America makes a call without leaving a record with the NSA. Today, no Internet transaction enters or leaves America without passing through the NSA's hands. Our representatives in Congress tell us this is not surveillance. They're wrong.
We've also learned this isn't about red or blue party lines. Neither is it about terrorism.
It is about power, control, and trust in government; about whether you have a voice in our democracy or decisions are made for you rather than with you. We're here to remind our government officials that they are public servants, not private investigators.
This is about the unconstitutional, unethical, and immoral actions of the modern-day surveillance state and how we all must work together to remind government to stop them. It's about our right to know, to associate freely, and to live in an open society.
We are witnessing an American moment in which ordinary people from high schools to high office stand up to oppose a dangerous trend in government.
We are told that what is unconstitutional is not illegal, but we will not be fooled. We have not forgotten that the Fourth Amendment in our Bill of Rights prohibits government not only from searching our personal effects without a warrant but from seizing them in the first place.
Holding to this principle, we declare that mass surveillance has no place in this country.
It is time for reform. Elections are coming and we're watching you.
21:03 GMT: A banner reading “Thank You Snowden” united thousands of protesters at the Capitol in Washington DC.
20:42 GMT: Protesters in Chicago have gathered in the Federal Plaza to make it loud and clear that the US Government works for American people, not the other way around, and that they "exist to protect our rights, not violate them.”
20:29 GMT: Megaupload founder and online activist Kim Dotcom is supporting the Stop Watching Us movement for privacy and internet freedom, and reminds US citizens how back in 2007 US President Barack Obama promised to protect them from illegal and unconstitutional wiretapping.
#StopWatchingUs Remember @BarackObama in 2007. He promised to protect you from mass surveillance. http://t.co/vtKTdNLxkB — Kim Dotcom (@KimDotcom) October 26, 2013
20:12 GMT: Writer and a privacy advocate from San Francisco Rainey Reitman and attorney Kurt Opsahl stand next to hundreds of thousands of petitions signed to protect privacy rights.
20:09 GMT: Watch RT's Gayane Chichikyan report from the rally.
20:01 GMT: Activist inspires Stop Watching Us protesters with the opening theme for James Bond movies.
<b><b>&lt;b&gt;&amp;lt;b&amp;gt;&amp;lt;br&amp;gt;&amp;lt;/b&amp;gt;&lt;/b&gt;</b></b>
19:45 GMT: Twelve large boxes of the 575,000 petition signatures have been presented to the crowd at the foot of the US Capitol. The number of signatories now stands at over 580,000.
19:40 GMT: NGO Code Pink: Women for Peace have a colorful delegation at the march.
19:16 GMT:“It is very important that people speak out, take action, march, rally demonstrate against these practices of the government,” anti-war activist Richard Becker told RT. “What can really bring a change is the actions of the people,” he said, stressing that “none of the progressive changes” in the history of the US have ever been “originated inside the Congress or in the White House”.
Watch RT's full interview with Richard Becker.
19:05 GMT:Congressional representative Justin Amash told the crowd that bringing his anti-NSA bill to Congress was his proudest moment as an elected official.
18:48 GMT:“Our own government has become a threat to freedom, at home and abroad,” said former Congressman, Dennis Kucinich.
Dennis Kucinich demanding an end to the Patriot Act and NSA at #stopwatchinguspic.twitter.com/RFEqSH2QPy — Andrew Boo-lake (@apblake) October 26, 2013
18:05 GMT: Former US Department of Justice ethics adviser, Jesselyn Radack, has read a statement from Edward Snowden. “This isn't about red or blue or party lines, and it definitely isn't about terrorism...it's about power, control, and trust in government,” it said. “It's about being able to live in a free and open American society,” the statement continued. “Elections are coming and we are watching you.” Snowden went on to remind the crowd that no phone call in the USA is made without the NSA keeping a record of it. “They're public servants not private investigators,” he added.
17:59 GMT: Whistleblower Thomas Drake is addressing the crowd. "I am fortunate that I did not end up in actual prison," he said. “The last thing a free and open society needs is a digital fence around us.” He called for the restoration of the Fourth Amendment and said that NSA surveillance "engenders fear and erodes our freedom."
17:50 GMT: One speaker addressed the crowd reciting the poem “First they came…” generally attributed to pastor Martin Niemöller.
17:15 GMT: Crowds in Cologne, western Germany, have gathered outside the city's iconic cathedral. The banner asks: "Should we all become a 'Merkel' before our rights are taken seriously?" Allusions to the Stasi ‒ the old East-German secret police ‒ can be seen in the crowd; government surveillance remains a sensitive issue.
17:09 GMT: The march has arrived at its point of destination, gathering at the foot of the US Capitol. A variety of speakers are expected to give speeches to the crowd berating NSA spying and government monitoring of communications.
16:56 GMT:
Anti-spy rally in DC. Can ya spot all 5 surveillance cams here? (there's more you can't see too) #stopwatchinguspic.twitter.com/rfleHPEUCz — Andrew Boo-lake (@apblake) October 26, 2013
16:51 GMT: Crowds are chanting: "This is what democracy looks like."
Stop Mass Spying rally in DC pic.twitter.com/yVYrD1TjTo — Gayane Chichakyan (@Gayane_RT) October 26, 2013
16:45 GMT: According to independent journalist, Rania Khalek, who is present at the march, it is currently "about a block long," with other eyewitnesses estimating it to be even longer. The crowds are now chanting: "They say wiretap; we say fight back!"
16:30 GMT: The march is now moving, to the sound of heavy drums.
16:25 GMT: RT's Andrew Blake, who is present at the march, has identified an effigy of a drone in the crowd, alongside a man in an Obama mask wielding a model surveillance camera.
Pres. Obama brought his spy cam and surveillance drone to the #stopwatchingus rally! Hoorah! pic.twitter.com/D2OcB9NFni — Andrew Boo-lake (@apblake) October 26, 2013
16:21 GMT: Further chants of: “Hey hey, ho ho, mass surveillance has got to go!” can be heard.
16:12 GMT: The crowd is chanting: “We are the people. Defend the Bill of Rights!”
16:06 GMT: Speakers are beginning to address the crowd, who come from “across the political spectrum,” demanding that Congress “investigate the full extent of the NSA spying program.”
Among cities involved in sympathetic protests are Louisville, Kentucky, Austin, Texas, Birmingham, Alabama, and eight different cities in Germany, according to rally leaders.
Crowd starting to gather, as thousands come together to tell the NSA to #StopWatchingUspic.twitter.com/SSOES5pxtl — Free Press (@freepress) October 26, 2013
David Segal stepped up to denounce NSA online intrusions, commenting that people's communications “define our lives and even our very humanity...as we express our hopes and fears....they are watching us. They are running algorithms that study all of us…”
He went on to add that communications are ‘open for their taking' to loud boos from the crowd.
“There would be no place to hide if this government ever became a tyranny….there would be no way to fight back,” he said.
15:42 GMT: According to witness estimates, almost a thousand have already arrived in Washington DC.
There a must be a thousand people here already, and the buses haven't even arrived yet! #StopWatchingUspic.twitter.com/t0SqdbNdbx — Sina Khanifar (@sinak) October 26, 2013
15:41 GMT: Some 120 people attended a simultaneous rally taking place in Munich on Saturday, according to an official police statement.
On Wednesday a German government spokesman said that Berlin had information the NSA could have been spying on German Chancellor Angela Merkel, prompting Germany to announce that next week it would be sending senior intelligence chiefs to Washington
15:30 GMT: Participants of the US protests are wielding builboards bearing the "Stop Watching Us" slogan, alongside further statements demanding the cessation of mass NSA spying. Others have pictures of Snowden's face and messages of thanks. One group in attendance has brought along a giant parachute bearing the logo of the collective.
15:20 GMT: Crowds are beginning to gather in Washington DC.
15:15 GMT: Stop Watching Us have produced an official video giving a platform to the voices of a variety of celebrities, politicians and activists who oppose NSA spying.
Do I need to tell you any more? Can't we just let that sentence stand, knowing that it's out there, and go on with our lives? No? Okay. Here's some more detail.
The water boatman is a tiny insect that lives at the bottom of freshwater ponds and slow streams. It's less than half a centimeter long but make a noise of 99.2 decibels. A freight train is about 80 decibels. This makes the water boatman, relative to its size, the loudest creature on earth. Although blue whales are louder, they are massive and use their entire respiratory tract to make noise. The humble water boatman has only its penis.
Advertisement
To make this sound, which alerts females to its presence and amorous mood, the water boatman scrubs its penis along ridges on its abdomen. It does this fast and forcefully enough so that the sound is the equivalent to sitting in the front row of a concert hall while a symphony is being played. There are a lot of water boatmen in the United States and Europe, and the only thing that has kept us landlubbers from being driven mad from the sound is the fact that sound doesn't carry well from water to air. In fact, most sound doesn't carry at all from water to air. An easy ninety-nine percent is lost. And yet people who walk along ponds where water boatmen live can hear them playing away under the water. The sound, which is a scraping chirp, would probably be taken for crickets by most. Anyone reading this article now knows better.
The water boatman's amazing sound has just recently been quantified. The work was done by researchers in Scotland and France, including Doctor James Windmill, who is at pains to convey how impressed he is with the water boatman. The insect is only about 2 millimeters long, and researchers stress that the "area producing the noise" is only about the size of the width of a human hair. Dr. Windmill says, "We really don't know how they make such a loud sound using such a small area," proving, once and for all, that scientists can be both very impressed and very cruel at the same time.
[Via BBC]
Christian Horner believes Lewis Hamilton is the man to beat in 2014 © Sutton Images Enlarge
Christian Horner believes Mercedes' advantage over the rest of the field is so big they could beat everybody by two laps in Australia, and insists Lewis Hamilton has to be considered favourite for the title.
Red Bull ended 2013 with nine consecutive victories, an incredible record of domination which made their pre-season struggles all the more notable. Despite what some have said during the winter, Horner does not believe the new season will be as level a playing field as has been suggested, and thinks Hamilton stands to benefit most from Mercedes' huge advantage.
"You could well see more of it [domination]," Horner said. "Perhaps not from us, but from Mercedes. If they were to finish two laps ahead of the opposition in Melbourne, that wouldn't be a surprise, based on what we've seen in pre-season testing. It's massive. What we know about Lewis is that he is extremely talented and naturally fast. And he's in a good team, so he's probably got to be the favourite going into the season.'
Despite the fact they are clearly playing to catch up at this early stage of the season, Horner believes the Renault-powered teams can recover from a slow start.
"From what we can see at the moment, all the Mercedes powered teams are in pretty decent shape and we're not. We're on the back foot, and have a lot of ground to catch up. Adrian [Newey] and his technical have done an excellent job. We had some cooling issues early on, but we've worked hard to address those.
"The main bit we need to get on top of is with our engine partner. They [Renault] will catch up, they quite simply have to. We would hope by the time we arrive back in Europe that we're seeing significant improvements."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Every family with a history and some fame starts somewhere. And here is where the Gist family starts. Echo Gist, the family founder, came to the quite quiet town of Liberty Bay (custom world downloaded from here) with only a little money. She is a hopeless romantic, natural cook, vegetarian and she has a green thumb. She also wants to become a creature-robot-crossbreeder. Oh, and she's shy. Excellent idea to move in a neighbourhood where you know no one and need to find yourself a husband to start a family. Right?
At first all she could afford was a little box, sized 4×4 squares. How nice is that? At least she has a roof over her head, and so the neighbours won't see how poor she is! She does have a toilet and a cheap single bed inside, and she couldn't afford to buy a lamp. But don't tell the neighbours. They don't need to know.
Of course the first thing she did after moving in was to get a job. Fortunately, there was a need for a new test subject, so she was able to get into the science career already. Yay!
Since it was Sunday, she decided to take a stroll on the courtyard. There she found a very elegant apple tree who she bonded with right away.
“I'm sorry I had to take your fruit. A girl needs to feed herself, after all. I knew you'd understand!”
Oh, but she's not alone! Somebody else arrived at the park, and apparently it was a pizza delivery girl. Nice! Echo decided to be braver than ever before and talk to this stranger.
“There's some very fine apple tree over there. It's a very good listener.”
Oh, Echo… At least the pizza lady has the grace to put on a fake smile and pretend to be friendly.
Oops, I guess I was wrong. She decided to run for it when the first chance came. This isn't going awfully well for Echo.
There's some awfully creepy dude hanging out at the neihgbourhood pool at night…
Oh, it's your first day at work, and you wish to speak on the phone wearing your sleepwear while your co-worker is sitting in the car IN FRONT OF YOUR HOUSE and WAITING FOR YOU so you could GET TO WORK? Echo, please!
Seems like this isn't the safest part of the town since burglars are free to run around suspiciously during the day. Good thing Echo doesn't have anything worth stealing!
I'm starting to think there's something awfully wrong with the paparazzi in this town.
But wait! Looks like Echo found someone she's interested in. Yikes! Care to tell who this is instead of holding your mouth open like an idiot, Echo?
Yup, it's the creepy guy from earlier, smiling like he's dead inside.
Well, Echo doesn't seem to care. They stayed at the pool all night, just chatting. Looks like they've got lots in common, although some of their traits clash.
What are you up to, girl?
Yikes!
Just look at that! The creepy dude seems to like Echo back! Will this turn out to be the relationship Echo always dreamed of?
Their thing started to go well. After several great dates, Echo decided she was comfortable enough with this creepy dude (okay, his name is actually Hermann), and started thinking about their future.
She used all her seduction tactics, or at least she tried. It's not like she's some master of seduction.
And then she popped out the question! Seems like she got over her shyness for a moment, at least. Hermann the Creep seems to be pretty excited, too.
During the proposal it was Echo's turn to have a creepy smile.
And now you are mine… Mwahaha!
Advertisements
Wisconsin budget cuts: unhealthy to teachers and children
Members of this community are well aware of the successful effort this spring in Wisconsin, by the GOP-majority state legislature and Gov. Scott Walker, to gut collective bargaining rights.
Now, with no vehicle to combat them, teachers are watching as local school boards, crippled by budget cuts magnified by newly-enacted limits on levying taxes, are going after teacher benefits. Some districts are going so far as to limit the number of days that teachers can call in sick before having to pay out of pocket:
At least some Wisconsin school boards are cutting the amount of sick leave for teachers. With the new limits on collective bargaining, unions no longer have a say over those benefits in districts where contracts expired on June 30th. School officials say they need to cut what they can, to make up for big losses in state aid and new limits on raising property taxes. The Elmbrook School District near Milwaukee plans to save $16,000 a year on substitute teachers by reducing sick leave. Elmbrook staff members saw their annual sick leave cut from 10-to-15 days to just seven – and only three of those days can be used for personal reasons. At Sussex Hamilton, the 20 sick days given to teachers each year has been cut in half.
Aside from being an assault on teachers, this is also inviting a legitimate public health crisis in the state of Wisconsin. How long will it be before some young teacher, at the lowest end of the wage scale, goes into work with his/her newly diagnosed case of strep throat in order to avoid losing several hundred dollars of income?
School board spokespersons claim this mimics the private sector, which ignores the fact that most folks working in the private sector aren't privileged enough to work with a few dozen kids in a single room, many of whom wind upcoming to school sick themselves because their parents can't afford to take one of their few private sector sick days to stay home with them.
Teachers work in a very different environment, and tend to get sick a little more often as a result. Any education budget cuts are a travesty, especially since (in this environment) they are being sacrificed at the altar of keeping the economically comfortable as possible. But this particular choice of budget cuts is ill-considered. One hopes this doesn't become a trend in Wisconsin, but given the budgetary realities in a state where the Republican politicos are doing all they can to drown public schools in the bathtub, expect more districts to follow their lead.
Then, you can expect more sick teachers and sick kids as a result. In turn, expect health care costs that will probably exceed the $16,000 districts will save as a result.
Komodo is a blockchain platform that offers high-security and decentralized hosting of blockchains. Additional perks include the availability of multiple wallets and pegged assets. Komodo is one of the projects from the 2014-founded SuperNET. MultiGateway, SuperNET Lite, and InstantDEX comprise other developments and the vision of SuperNET.
The Komodo platform adds a new feature to previous developments of SuperNET which increases security through notarized nodes. Komodo's Initial Coin Offering ended November 20th 2016 and was geared towards raising funds for further project development.
The Komodo blockchain allows users and developers to share information and integrate the same on their own platforms, in effect improving the entire blockchain system.
The Origin of Komodo
Komodo is the latest project of SuperNet, a bigger blockchain roadmap that would allow the creation of entire blockchains within its system, the use of multiwallets, pegged assets, and atomic swaps. The addition of Komodo in SuperNET, which is the only coin in SuperNET, would focus on providing a coin that can be used by the other systems, increasing technological anonymity, and increasing transactional privacy and security through the delayed Proof of Work.
Komodo's Relation to Zcash
A quick Google search of Komodo also pops up Zcash. Here is how Komodo somehow relates to Zcash:
Bitcoin is characterized by highly secure trading properties and processes. In line with Bitcoin's code on the anonymity and privacy of transactional data, the Zerocash protocol was developed by Zcash as a new implementation for enhancement.
Komodo uses the same parameters of security as Zcash, hence has a similar level of transactional security and privacy. Where the two (Komodo and Zcash) have no direct link, JL777, the lead developer of Komodo, participated in the initial protocol designs that gave birth to Zcash. As such, JL777 understands the components and players in the formation and running of Zcash.
A key difference between Zcash and Komodo is that Zcash's mining (approval processes) focuses on Proof of Work (PoW) while Komodo's mining adds a consensus mechanism of delayed Proof of Work (dPoW) that increases security to every chain on a block.
Benefits & Features of Komodo
1) Security: Security on the Komodo blockchain is implemented and achieved through two key features: the delayed Proof of Work (dPoW) and Notarized Nodes. With delayed Proof of Work, every transaction on the Komodo blockchain gets the same security level, arguably better, than the Bitcoin blockchain.
Additional security is achieved through notarized nodes that are selected by the holders of Komodo coins. Komodo notarization currently employs 64 notary nodes. Notarized nodes not only ensure that the chains attached to Komodo tap on the Bitcoin Blockchain's security but also there is reduced mining difficulty. Normal nodes strip off the Bitcoin Blockchain security from the chains that are attached to Komodo Blockchain, and reinstates the normal mining difficulty. It is to be noted the loss of notarized nodes (for whatever reason) would not collapse the Komodo Blockchain.
2) Multi-wallets: A wallet refers to the platform which a person can store his or her cryptocurrency or digital assets on a blockchain. Komodo blockchain offers users and developers a variety of wallets. Desktop wallets can be downloaded on devices that operate on Windows, Apple operating systems, and Linux. In addition to the desktop wallets, Komodo makes available Paper Wallets (encrypted offline paper) and compatibility with hardware wallets such as the Ledger Nano S.
3) Atomic Swaps: An obvious concern that would arise in the minds of most people is how risk-free transactions can be conducted from one wallet to another. As previously mentioned, Komodo wallets range from desktop to paper and hardware wallets. Thankfully, Komodo Blockchain allows for the transfer of funds or transactions between the wallets or between cryptocurrencies without inconveniences or security risks in many typical instances where an atomic swap could be performed.
4) Pegged Assets: Komodo platform allows users and developers at Komodo to attach their trading assets to relatively stable assets and fiat currencies such as the U.S. Dollar or the Euro. By pegging such assets on more stable currencies, the volatility of the prices of the cryptocurrency assets can potentially be reduced.
Komodo's Focus on Decentralization
Perhaps the most attractive feature of the Komodo Platform is the fact it's decentralized. This means users and developers are not totally dependent on the platform to serve the ecosystem from a single point of failure.
The team at Komodo is at the disposal of developers and other Komodo platform users to assist in the development of specific features or the utilization of Komodo's features. Komodo platform has multiple technologies and since its users have independent blockchains, they have the freedom to choose which technologies to utilize and which technologies to disable.
As with every great product, service, or platform, Komodo has a team of geniuses and friendly personnel who are dedicated to making every aspect of this platform function optimally. The founder and lead developer of Komodo Blockchain is JL777. His experience dates back to the development of SuperNET, from which Komodo was born, and the protocol discussions of a project that is similar to Komodo: the Zcash project.
Komodo's development team is comprised nine team members, inclusive of JL777. Additional teams in the Komodo platform comprise the administrative & support team, ambassadors & advisors, and the marketing team.
Conclusion: Our Thoughts on Komodo
We feel Komodo is not only demystifying and making cryptocurrency trading, investing, and storage simpler but it also offers a level of security greater than comparable cryptocurrencies through the notarized nodes.
Developers and users have the freedom to develop their own unique independent blockchains and make use of the features and technologies that Komodo platforms offers as it relates to specific needs and requirements. As the Komodo platform continues to grow, we can only expect more innovation and utility for users and developers.
Disclosure: Author of this post holds $KMD tokens at the time this review was published.
The word “Bon-sai” (often misspelled as bonzai or banzai) is a Japanese term which, literally translated, means “planted in a container”. This art form is derived from an ancient Chinese horticultural practice, part of which was then redeveloped under the influence of Japanese Zen Buddhism.
It has been around for well over a thousand years. The ultimate goal of growing a Bonsai is to create a miniaturized but realistic representation of nature in the form of a tree. Bonsai are not genetically dwarfed plants, in fact, any tree species can be used to grow one.
Bonsai "Akirafutokoro Prince" (706 AD). Source: Ritsumeikan University
What is a Bonsai tree exactly?
Techniques such as pinching buds, pruning and wiring branches, and carefully restricting but not abandoning fertilizers are used to limit and redirect healthy growth. Most commonly kept under four feet (or about a meter) in height, Bonsai are not genetically dwarfed plants. However, plants with smaller leaves do make these compositions easier to design. In fact, any plant species that has a woody stem or trunk, grows true branches, can be successfully grown in a container to restrict its roots/food storage capability, and has smaller or reducible-leaves can be used to create a Bonsai.
Look around at your trees, bushes, hedges, the copses in your yard or park, plants in the nursery or wild landscape – essentially any of those can be starter material. Carefully collected during the appropriate growing or dormant season with proper permission, your composition is begun. Most native plants can be grown outdoors; material from more tropical climates needs at least some protection from the elements in the temperate zones. In our Bonsai tree species guide you can find more information about specific care per species. Or use this guide to identify your Bonsai tree species in three steps.
Bonsai size classifications
The ultimate goal of Bonsai is to create a realistic depiction of nature. As a Bonsai gets smaller (even down to a few inches/centimeters) it increasingly becomes abstract, as opposed to resembling nature in a more precise way. Several classifications of Bonsai have been put forward, and although the exact size classifications are disputed, they help to gain understanding of the aesthetic and botanical aspects of Bonsai. The classifications are originally based on the number of men needed to lift the actual tree.
The size classifications, increasing in size
Keshitsubo: 1-3" (3-8 cm)
Shito: 2-4" (5-10 cm)
Mame: 2-6" (5-15 cm)
Shohin: 5-8" (13-20 cm)
Komono: 6-10" (15-25 cm)
Katade-mochi: 10-18" (25-46 cm)
Chumono / Chiu: 16-36" (41-91 cm)
Omono / Dai: 30-48" (76-122 cm)
Hachi-uye: 40-60" (102-152 cm)
Imperial: 60-80" (152-203 cm)
Read more about the smallest trees in the Shohin and Mame Bonsai article.
Bonsai for sale in a market, Japan.
Bonsai definition
The Chinese characters for their older dwarf potted tree landscapes were adopted to name the Japanese art-form. In short, the definition of Bonsai can be explained as:
“Bon” [left character] is a dish or thin bowl (“a modified vessel which has been divided or cut down from a deeper form”).
“Sai” [right character] is a tree or other growing plant which is planted – “planted,” as would be a halberd or spear or pike stuck into the ground.
“Bonsai” thus means or denotes “a tree which is planted in a shallow container".
Bonsai meaning
We now know the literal translation of Bonsai is "tree in pot", but what is the meaning of a Bonsai tree? A Bonsai tree is a replication of nature, in the form of a miniature tree, without displaying the human intervention too clearly.
The connotations or added/implied Bonsai tree meanings include:
A general tree-like shape or style (although not necessarily natural to that type of plant growing full-size in the wild).
A profile that is not as detailed as a photographically-real tree but has just enough features to easily suggest a full-grown tree.
Relative smallness, compared with those same types of trees outside of the container, for ease of transport and ability to keep nearby.
A sense of naturalness which has been subtly accentuated by human intervention but which is not spoiled by stark evidence of human interaction.
A particular representation of something much more than itself, and thus allowing each viewer to interpret what is shown and to build-upon this based on his or her own experiences and memories.
Something so valued that it has received care for virtually every day of its [hopefully long] containerized life.
Something held in such high regard that it was allowed to be brought temporarily into the house for honored guests even though it contained soil from the garden.
A portable oasis and transportable miniature garden which can represent the seasons and vast or favorite landscapes close-at-hand for meditation or contemplation assistance.
These are just a few points, it is up to you to decide what Bonsai means to you.
Read more about the history and origins of Bonsai.
Reproduction by Takao Itabashi, original by Takakane Takashina. Poetry by Mototada Takatsukasa and others. Source: Ritsumeikan University
Horticultural practice, or art form?
Bonsai-in-training (also known as “potensai,” potential Bonsai) should point to a future, more mature creation which the artist, at least, has somewhat in mind. And because these are made with living, growing things, those future piece are never complete or finished. They will be presented within certain biological parameters, subject to health issues or remodeling by the tree with the caretakers' assistance. The oldest and longest-containerized Bonsai because of natural changes can undergo several different styles throughout their long lives. These trees can, in fact, live longer than their full-size counterparts because of our increased attention to their health, water and nutritional needs, protection from weather extremes, injuries needing care, or pest infestations requiring containment or removal. In our "top 10 great Bonsai trees list" we have included an 800 year-old tree. The best Bonsai – whether a single tree or a multi-plant and rock landscape composition – touch us, make us take notice, stop us as they catch our experience and imaginations to show us something new.
Thick trunks, textured bark, an interplay of twisting live wood and deadwood, surface roots, branch and twig ramification, foliage pads, relatively small leaves or needles, a very complementary and relatively shallow container, tiny fruit or cones or flowers – these are just a few of the more obvious features that can be used to help portray a miniature landscape. They are not all needed or possible in any one given composition, and they cannot simply be included “just because.” A true master artisan knows, feels what is needed. And his or her creation touches us, also. Those true masterpieces are the ones which, when you first look at them, can momentarily take your breath away and raise a smile. The earliest Bonsai were collected in the wild and were interestingly-shaped specimens which told of many adventures or challenges during their long-lives growing exposed to the elements. As their availability decreased during the centuries, landscape and nursery plants were tried and experimented with. Eventually, it was learned how to shape the trees to resemble naturally-sculpted specimens.
Bonsai challenges our gardening skills, artistic aesthetics and design capabilities.
Bonsai are a blend of horticultural knowledge and art. As one's experience with a given type of tree increases, concern about keeping the plant alive and healthy can take a backseat to concern about a particular design. The best, ideal, masterpiece compositions seem natural, without artifice or affectation. They don't call attention directly to the artist; they don't deliberately show off their features (or flaws). Read more about compositions at the Bonsai styles article.
As with all human crafts/hobbies/arts, Bonsai can be enjoyed by oneself or shared with others. They can be made for personal enjoyment or profit from sale. They can be designed quickly with little experience or developed over a period of time with increasing personal expertise and exposure to the creations of other enthusiasts and artists. And any combination of these characteristics.
Bonsai can challenge one's own gardening skills, artistic aesthetics and design capabilities, time and monetary investment, and storage and display parameters. Bonsai truly are/can be much more than just “miniature Japanese trees.” They can be as inexpensive as a collected “volunteer” sapling in one's own yard put in a plastic pot to a pricey award-winning specimen imported from overseas with an antique container. The range of this hobby/art is one of the appealing features of Bonsai. Click here for an introduction on how to grow a Bonsai yourself.
Containers for Bonsai
The containers for these trees can be an interest in themselves. Traditionally made in China and then Japan, these shallow containers of mostly fired earthenware are increasingly crafted by both professional and amateur artisans around the world. The matching up of a pot to a designed tree can be a wonderful challenge, for the pot must support the tree as well as be an attractive but non-intrusive frame to the Bonsai's picture. Earth tones and not-so-garish decorations distinguish traditional Japanese pots from the Chinese models. And containers for cascading trees are the one exception to the shallow pot rule: these tall, narrow containers must provide adequate space for roots and a balanced center of gravity for trees designed to appear to be hanging down from the side of a mountain or cliff. More info about selecting Bonsai pots here.
Prince Zhang Huai tomb mural (AD 706), with miniature trees. Source: Ritsumeikan University
Closely related arts
While “Bonsai“ specifically refers to dwarf potted trees based on the Japanese model, it is also used as a generic term for related art-forms in other countries, which include but are not limited to the following:
Penjing are the older and original form of Chinese miniature landscapes. They usually include rocks to represent mountains, hills, and cliffs. Sometimes they are even all the way up to 3 meters or 10' tall. These larger compositions are planted in non-movable concrete containers on permanent display.
Saikei are the newer and smaller Japanese versions of Penjing. These are made with rocks, small plants/ground-covers, and underdeveloped trees (which could someday become independently potted Bonsai).
Hòn non bô are Vietnamese miniature landscapes from 0.3 to 7.6 m (1' to 25') high, made with rocks, plants and water imitating island scenery, mountains and surroundings.
Mai-dăt are the Thai compositions which are more angular and symbolic, somewhat likened to stylized dancers' poses.
Some distinct shapes are also seen in Bonsai created to reflect native trees in North America, South Africa, and Australia, for instance.
Then there are other key display options. Accent plants are smaller, separately-potted compositions which are placed near to the main Bonsai so as to provide scale or seasonal theme to the principle tree.
The most formal display setting is a tokonoma, an elevated alcove whose rear wall usually holds a hanging scroll. The combination of the scroll, Bonsai, and accent plant or viewing stone are designed to present a specific theme.
Viewing stones or Suiseki are relatively small natural rocks which resemble miniature mountains, cliffs, islands, huts, animals, or other shapes. The best of these have custom-carved bases for better display.
Read more about arts related to Bonsai.
This is a current interpretation of this gardening interest. As enthusiasm and experience with this further spreads around the world, additional meanings, appreciations and materials will be added to the overall body that comprises Bonsai. More of the local woody plants and new native styles continue to be applied to the designs of Bonsai. It is constantly developing and each of us contributes to what is this dynamic art-form. Author: Robert J. Baran (Bonsai researcher and historian).
I'm a consultant vascular surgeon specialising in complex aortic repair. In simple terms I repair aneurysms in the aorta, which is the biggest blood vessel in the body and our most important piece of internal plumbing. The aorta starts at the heart and travels in almost a candy-cane formation down along the spine. It gives blood to everything else in the body.
I spent eight years working at the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio, which is rightly seen as one of the best hospitals in the world. It's a great hospital, which is a thought leader in aortic and vascular surgery, and attracts some of medicine's best and brightest minds. It is also very big on innovation and its facilities are world class. It's somewhere any doctor who enjoys their job would want to work.
But in October 2014 I came to work at the Royal Free hospital in north London. It was an opportunity I couldn't pass up. It was a great job, heading the aortic team. But I also came because I wanted to work in the NHS because it is a publicly funded and provided healthcare system. To me, access to healthcare is a fundamental human right. Everyone in the world should have access to it. Sadly, the reality is that in many countries people don't.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Royal Free hospital, north London. Photograph: Leon Neal/AFP/Getty Images
I like the fact that the NHS is a tradition in this country and is revered by the population. I have a great deal of respect for the NHS and the way it delivers care to every member of society – all walks of life. In my 15 months here I have treated everyone from homeless people to celebrities. I like the fact that the NHS has guiding principles and values – almost a moral compass – and is a fair system, where treatment is on the basis of need, not ability to pay.
The US puts about twice as much of its GDP into healthcare as the UK does, so I knew there would be differences in resources between here and there. There are fewer doctors and fewer support staff around to do what feels like sometimes more work. The nursing staff, for example, is chronically underpopulated throughout London, not just at the Royal Free. Yet we still manage to treat large volumes of patients because people work overtime and put a lot of hours in.
Staff here seem to me to be working harder than I've seen people work in other places
There are fewer scanners here than in some hospitals in the States. The interior design here isn't always as nice. And for example, while we still have wards in England, many facilities in the US are moving towards single-patient rooms, which can make a difference to a patient's experience in hospital.
Although we may not have all the bells and whistles and latest technology, we have everything we need to provide good care. The NHS has a very committed and extremely dedicated workforce who go above and beyond for every patient. We're also very creative. We figure out how to get things done in ways that are cheaper than other techniques but are just as effective.
But the NHS is a system under visible pressure. It's extremely busy. We are constantly full to the gills. The beds crisis? That's real and tangible, and we have to deal with it absolutely every day. When it comes to getting patients in and out of hospital there's very little room to breathe in terms of that fine margin of error. We're on a razor's edge of how close we are each day to not being able to accommodate everybody.
At some point when you keep asking staff to go above and beyond every day there will be a breaking point. Staff are stretched to the limit. Staff here seem to me to be working harder than I've seen people work in other places. There is an extra burden of stress on people here because things are always right on the razor's edge. It's clear to me, though, that for the majority of people I interact with in this system it's not a job – it's more of a purpose. They're here to do good things for patients. I love this system because there is a general feeling of caring. Other places may have nicely appointed rooms and a great deal of resources, but here that kind of compassion is integral to the success of healthcare.
Which country has the world's best healthcare system? Read more
The NHS isn't perfect. It has to change with the times. The IT system is cumbersome at best, behind the times and phenomenally frustrating. Occasionally this means that patients veer off course. There is no question in my mind that it needs to embrace new and innovative ways of caring for patients and generally be a bit more what I call “nimble for change”. We can't just trundle along with our grandfathers' NHS. Luckily for me, I work at a hospital where most of the people in charge feel the same way.
The weakness of private healthcare systems is that there are barriers to care, including geographic and social barriers that are largely manifest as ability to pay. I can't believe that a system that limits care is socially just, or even ethical. Whether I'm justified in that belief is for society to judge. But for me, who took an oath to do no harm, systems that limit access to care break that oath because someone will not be getting treatment for their disease or not getting the care they need.
The NHS may have its problems, and there is no question it needs to continue to evolve and progress, but as a solution to society's healthcare needs seems to me to work very well from a social justice point of view. Global statistics reflect that overall population quality of life seems to be better in countries in which healthcare is accessible to all. The boundaries to care that exist plentifully elsewhere don't seem to exist here. The NHS may not be perfect, but it is a just system, which makes it worth my effort to improve.
Tara Mastracci is a consultant vascular surgeon at the Royal Free hospital, London
Updates:
Earlier: AOL's long-promised Q1 layoffs began in small numbers today, and will pick up steam throughout the week, we've heard from the company, current and former employees.
We expect about 1,400 employees to lose their jobs.
The majority of notifications will go out Wednesday. Employees in Europe and some in the US will find out today.
AOL says the layoff this "will not trigger the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN) in any of our locations."
But a spokesperson says the company will be "offering packages to impacted employees in the U.S. that will include severance, benefits and outplacement assistance, among other things."
We're just hoping AOL (AOL) cuts deep enough now so it won't have done this again.
Here's a statement from AOL:
In November, we announced that the company would take a $200 million charge and that we planned to decrease the size of our global workforce by one-third. Late last year, we offered Voluntary Separation Program to enable employees to decide what was in their best personal and professional interest. We had approximately 1,100 employees opt to join the Voluntary program. At that time we announced the Voluntary program we noted that if we didn't reach our target reduction of a third we would need to follow the voluntary program with an involuntary action. We did not reach that target. The next phase of our restructuring plan will include an involuntary layoff. Our process internationally varies by country and is subject to local laws. We began meeting with employees throughout Europe today. For example meetings have already taken place in the UK, Germany and France, and we announced plans to shut down many of our offices in Europe, beginning with those in Spain and Sweden. In addition, we will be beginning the consultative process with the Workers' Councils in relevant countries this week. In the United States, we will begin notifying a limited number of individuals impacted by the involuntary layoff today, with the majority of notifications taking place in the U.S. on Wednesday, January 13. As of this point, this layoff will not trigger the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (WARN) in any of our locations. For many of the employees impacted in the U.S., Wednesday will be their last day in the office. Since April, we have been moving through a process that started with strategy, then focused on structure, and has most recently been centered on aligning our costs with the company's strategy and structure. As a part of this process, we've looked at every aspect of this business. We evaluated our competitive position and product portfolio in every market - and we asked the hard questions about areas that were no longer core to the strategy and our profit profiles in the businesses and countries where we operate. We will be offering packages to impacted employees in the U.S. that will include severance, benefits and outplacement assistance, among other things. All of our cost alignment work is about ensuring AOL's sustainability and future success. Project Everest is the completion of phase one of AOL's turnaround.
Graduate Student Abuse
www.graduatestudentabuse.org
Welcome to www.graduatestudentabuse.org. This is a website that has been set up in response to the events that have transpired over time in the UCLA Department of Slavic Languages and Literatures, specifically the way in which the faculty of that department has interacted throughout the years with its graduate students. This website focuses primarily on two things:
The series of three reviews of this department that occurred from 1999-2000 to 2004-2005, the events that led up to these reviews, and the attempts to deny and cover up the abuse of graduate students that was partially uncovered by these reviews and which had gone on for years in this department;
An analysis of these events and conclusions drawn from that analysis regarding the nature of the relationship between the University Administration and the University's tenured professoriate, and the role this relationship and the conventions on which it rests, e.g. academic tenure, play in the treatment of graduate students.
This report is divided into eight sections, and includes general background information (both with regard to academe as a whole and to UCLA and its Slavic Department in particular), an explication of specific events, and original source documentation such as the first Eight-Year Review report on the UCLA Slavic Department, email communications, letters, etc. The latter half of this report provides an analysis of these events, places them into a larger and different interpretive context, and concludes with a series of suggestions to bring about change.
These eight sections can be read as either HTML files or PDF files. Section IV, which provides original source documentation, is subdivided into ten sections, IV-A through IV-J. In addition, the complete report is also available as a single PDF file for those who would prefer to download it in its entirety. There is also a section for suggested links, including a link to an open blog for this website.
Section Title Web PDF I Introduction: What is This Report About and Why is It Necessary? I I II Contextualization of the Problem II II III Explanation of the Documents III III IV-A Eight-Year Review Report on the UCLA Slavic Department IV-A IV-A IV-B Annotated Copy of the Eight-Year Review Report IV-B IV-B IV-C Letter from Faculty Head of the Internal Review Team IV-C IV-C IV-D Initial Report from Internal Review Team's Graduate Student Representative IV-D IV-D IV-E Email Communications from Internal Review Team's Graduate Student Representative IV-E IV-E IV-F Email from Internal Review Team's Graduate Student Representative Concerning Distribution of Eight-Year Review IV-F IV-F IV-G UCLA Slavic Dept. Response to Eight-Year Review Report IV-G IV-G IV-H UCLA Slavic Dept. Graduate Student Handbook IV-H IV-H IV-I Departmental Internal Report IV-I IV-I IV-J Resolution Passed by the Graduate Students Association IV-J IV-J V Michael Heim and the Consequences of His Actions V V VI System "Breakdowns"; Actions of Individuals/Entities VI VI VII Conclusions: What the Documents Tell Us about the System and Academe VII VII VIII Anticipated Reactions and Final Recommendations VIII VIII I-VIII [Download the complete report as a single PDF file] I-VIII Download Acrobat http://www.adobe.com/support/downloads/main.html#Readers
Links
So I'm reading the latest NYT article about the health care mayhem going on in Washington today, and the article throws out some possible “compromises” a new pared-down health care bill could contain. And I see this:
Lawmakers, Congressional aides and health policy experts said the package might plausibly include these elements: ¶Insurers could not deny coverage to children under the age of 19 on account of pre-existing medical conditions.
The only reason to specify that children under the age of 19 won't be denied coverage is because you plan on letting everyone 19 and over BE denied coverage for pre-existing conditions. Even the lousy Senate and House bills outlawed that. But here's the rub. If you ban pre-existing conditions for everyone, then you need to mandate that everyone get coverage, in order to keep insurance premiums down, and then you'd need to subsidize people who can't afford to buy coverage, and the vicious circle begins. It also wouldn't kill you to have some real competition in the market to help keep rates down for everyone, but that was called the public option, and we all know what happened to that.
Anyway, this new compromise talked about in the NYT article would only cover half of the 30 million that would have gotten new coverage under the Senate plan. So, if they're going to only cover half, they must figure they can't outlaw pre-existing conditions for everyone.
Tessa van den Dijssel 4, splashes in the paddling pool at the Esplanade.
Ice creams, swims and shade are in order in Manawatu as two ingredients combine to push the mercury above 30 degrees Celsius in the region.
MetService forecast temperatures will reach 31C in the region on Monday, one degree higher than its Sunday prediction.
Meteorologist Claire Flynn said that was not normal for the area, and occurred because of something called the "foehn effect".
David Unwin/ Fairfax NZ. Families cool off down at the Esplanade paddling pool after a heat wave hits Palmerston North.
Wind from the south-east was blowing up the Wairarapa side of the ranges, then heading down into Manawatu.
As the wind headed down the ranges, it warmed up, raising temperatures wherever it went, Flynn said.
The foehn winds, when paired with the warm air mass sitting over much of the North Island, combined to raise the temperatures.
Flynn said the opposite usually happened, with cooler north-westerly breezes going across Manawatu, up the ranges, then down into the Wairarapa and Hawke's Bay regions.
That was exactly what would happen on Tuesday, when a low pressure system moved across the country, she said.
It would bring rain, but also westerly or north-westerly winds.
That wind would go up the Manawatu side of the ranges, then warm up as it went down into Wairarapa and Hawke's Bay, she said.
The low pressure system would not be cold, but would push the temperature in Manawatu down into the mid-20s.
Palmerston North residents made the most of the good weather by playing in the pool, and soaking up the free Access Manawatu Sounds of Summer concert in the Esplanade on Sunday.
Access Manawatu manager Fraser Greig said the weather had helped draw a record crowd of more than 600 people.
"Last year we were in the 500s, but this is the first time we have been over 600.
"Hopefully it will build for the rest of the series."
The concerts were sponsored by the Palmerston North City Council and Destination Manawatu, and were held each Sunday during summer, so it made sense for ratepayers to turn out in force and get their money's worth, he said.
Canada should ease the regulatory burden on traditional broadcasters to create a level playing field with less encumbered digital streaming rivals, two policy think tanks said in separate reports this week. “While traditional broadcasters have Canadian content quotas and funding taxes imposed on them, online broadcasters enjoy a much more flexible regulatory environment,” said Steven Globerman, a Fraser Institute senior fellow and author of a report released Wednesday called “Technological Change and its Implications for Regulating Canada Television Broadcasting Sector.”
Canada should ease the regulations on broadcasters to create a level playing field with less encumbered digital streaming rivals, a think tanks says. ( Dreamstime )
The solution is not for the federal broadcast watchdog to impose new regulations on online TV and movie content, the report says, but rather to further deregulate Canada's traditional broadcasting industry. “With the explosion of online content, Canadians have a plethora of choices and options now available to them. Canadians will benefit from further deregulation,” Globerman said. On-demand digital video and audio providers are exempt from Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission regulations that require licensed broadcasters to pay into a fund that subsidizes production of original domestic programming.
Article Continued Below
The streaming providers are exempt in part because they lack a physical presence in Canada, but legacy broadcasters say the regulatory pass gives so-called new media an unfair economic advantage. Canada Media Fund and Ontario Ministry of Tourism, Culture and Sport officials were among several interveners at the CRTC's Let's Talk TV hearings in 2014 who argued that streaming services benefit from the regulatory regime and should be subject to the obligations borne by licensed providers. Against this backdrop, Canada's newly elected Liberal government in April announced a broadcast regulatory system overhaul that includes a lengthy public and industry consultation process. Globerman said the review buys regulators time to better gauge the extent to which new media is supplanting traditional TV and to weigh developments in Europe, Australia and other jurisdictions that appear to be moving toward implementation of a tax on so-called “over the top” content providers. On Wednesday the European Union proposed a quota regime that would require a fifth of digital video streamed on demand to be produced in Europe.
While Los Gatos, Calif.-based Netflix and other on-demand content platforms remain exempt from regulation and oversight, the CRTC has established a new hybrid licensing category to encompass services streamed over the Web but that can also be accessed as part of a subscription-based cable or satellite TV package. The commission under chair Jean-Pierre Blais has moved to ease Canadian content regulations and allow a la carte channel selection, while stressing the need to support quality domestic productions that can be exported abroad.
Article Continued Below
But a report from the C.D. Howe Institute Wednesday said remaining production quotas and foreign ownership restrictions should be abolished altogether given the abundance of innovative digital content. “The regulatory model for communications providers is ill-suited to current technology that allows users to access whatever they want, however they want and wherever they want,” said authors Benjamin Dachis and Daniel Schwane. The report says “ineffective” content exhibition quotas and subsidies should be dropped and replaced with direct subsidies through general government revenues — and not through a tax on Internet subscribers. It also says Ottawa should roll back long-standing restrictions on foreign ownership of communications and broadcast companies. “Removing foreign ownership rules for both spectrum and companies themselves would bring Canadian firms into a more integrated global or North American market, whether through new entry or acquisition by U.S. or other firms.”
Read more about:
Imagine you had a chance to tell 50 of the most powerful politicians in America what urgent problem you think needs prompt government action. Elon Musk had that chance this past weekend at the National Governors Association Summer Meeting in Rhode Island. He chose to recommend the gubernatorial assembly get serious about preventing artificial intelligence from wiping out humanity.
“AI is a fundamental existential risk for human civilization and I don't think people fully appreciate that,” Musk said. He asked the governors to consider a hypothetical scenario in which a stock-trading program orchestrated the 2014 missile strike that downed a Malaysian airliner over Ukraine—just to boost its portfolio. And he called for the establishment of a new government regulator that would force companies building artificial intelligence technology to slow down. “When the regulator's convinced it's safe to proceed then you can go, but otherwise slow down,” he said.
Musk's remarks made for an enlivening few minutes on a day otherwise concerned with more quotidian matters such as healthcare and education. But Musk's call to action was something of a missed opportunity. People who spend more time working on artificial intelligence than the car, space, and solar entrepreneur say his eschatological scenarios risk distracting from more pressing concerns as artificial intelligence technology percolates into every industry.
Pedro Domingos, a professor who works on machine learning at the University of Washington, summed up his response to Musk's talk on Twitter with a single word: Sigh. “Many of us have tried to educate him and others like him about real vs. imaginary dangers of AI, but apparently none of it has made a dent,” Domingos says. America's governmental chief executives would be better advised to consider the negative effects of today's limited AI, such as how it is giving disproportionate market power to a few large tech companies, he says. Iyad Rahwan, who works on matters of AI and society at MIT, agrees. Rather than worrying about trading bots eventually becoming smart enough to start wars as an investment strategy, we should consider how humans might today use dumb bots to spread misinformation online, he says.
Rahwan doesn't deny that Musk's nightmare scenarios could eventually happen, but says attending to today's AI challenges is the most pragmatic way to prepare. “By focusing on the short-term questions, we can scaffold a regulatory architecture that might help with the more unpredictable, super-intelligent AI scenarios.”
Musk has spoken out before about AI end times, in 2014 he likened working on the technology to “summoning the demon.” His propensity for raising sci-fi scenarios comes despite being very directly exposed to some of the near-term questions raised by artificial intelligence. “It's always interesting hearing Elon Musk talk about AI killing us when a person died in a car he built that was self-driving,” says Ryan Calo, who works on policy issues related to robotics at the University of Washington.
He's referring to the death of a Tesla driver in Florida last year when the car's Autopilot system failed to see a tractor trailer blocking the road. Calo has been calling for a new government agency to think about AI longer than Musk—he proposed a Federal Robotics Commission in 2014—but wants it to focus on questions like how safe autonomous vehicles need to be and the privacy and ethical questions raised by smart machines such as autonomous drones. “Artificial intelligence is something policymakers should pay attention to,” Calo says. “But focusing on the existential threat is doubly distracting from it's potential for good and the real-world problems it's creating today and in the near term.”
In Rhode Island Saturday, Musk's comments on AI sometimes elicited what sounded like awkward laughter from the assembled governors. And when Doug Ducey, the Republican governor of Arizona, questioned his suggestion that a regulator should try to slow down companies working on AI the entrepreneur even briefly backpedaled. “Typically policymakers don't get in front of entrepreneurs or innovators,” Ducey said, after noting he had spent much of his time in office trying to cut regulation. Musk responded that the new AI regulator should start only by studying the state of AI today—then doubled down on his main message. “I'm just talking about making sure there is awareness at the government level," he said. "I think once there is awareness people will be extremely afraid, as they should be.” We might also fear the risk of apocalyptic talk preventing awareness that society has more immediate AI problems to work on too.
By John Dodge
CHICAGO (CBS) — It doesn't take scientific research to tell anybody that a bee sting … hurts.
But it does take scientific research to determine where on the male human body a bee sting REALLY hurts.
Yeah, we know what you are thinking.
But that's not to the worst place to get stung.
The ten most-painful locations on the body to suffer a bee's bite are:
1) Nostril
2) Upper lip
3) Penis shaft (admit it: you were thinking this would be No. 1, right?)
4) Scrotum
5) Palm
6) Cheek
7) Armpit
8) Nipple
9) Abdomen
10) Middle finger tip (Bee sting THIS!)
For the sake of science and greater common knowledge, Michael L. Smith of Cornell University was stung on each of 25 body locations three times (yeah, even on No. 3 and No. 4) for greater accuracy.
One round consisted of bee stings on each body part.
“This study rated the painfulness of honey bee stings over 25 body locations,” according to the study. “Pain was rated on a 1–10 scale, relative to an internal standard, the forearm.”
The pain was rated on a scale of 1 to 10, with 10 being the most painful.
“All the stings induced pain in the author,” the study said. “The pain rating for each location was averaged over the three rounds, and ordered from lowest to highest.”
The nostril rated an average of 9.0. The upper lip was 8.7 and penis was 7.3.
The three least-painful locations were the skull, middle toe tip, and upper arm (all scoring a 2.3.)
However, because only Smith was stung, and he cautioned that the data should therefore not be generalized for the public.
Fair point, but why don't we just take him at is word?
Presumptive Republican Presidential candidate Donald Trump called for people to boycott Apple products back in February – whilst his campaign was tweeting from an iPhone. It now seems that isn't the only disparity in his stance: CNET reports that Trump also has a seven-figure holding in AAPL stock.
NordVPN
Trump owns Apple stock valued at between $1.1 million and $2.25 million, according to a personal financial report he submitted to the US government earlier this week.
He's also still tweeting from iPhone …
Trump called for the boycott after Apple refused to build a ‘GovtOS‘ version of iOS to disable the passcode protection on an iPhone held by the FBI. The FBI was later able to access the phone on its own, when it was found that there was nothing of interest on it.
Photo: Andrew H. Walker/Getty Images via Huffington Post
A major French union has warned Paris that the upcoming Euro 2016 soccer tournament opening could be disrupted unless it backs down on contested labor law reforms. It comes as tens of thousands of people hit the streets again to protest the legislation.
The warning on Thursday by the hardline CGT union took aim at the 2016 UEFA European Championship (known as Euro 2016), scheduled to begin in France on June 10. The match will be played at various stadiums throughout the country, including Bordeaux, Lyon, Marseille, Nice, and Paris.
But if the CGT has its way, those games will only be taking place if Paris agrees to back down on a highly contested labor law reform.
When asked by Reuters if his union was willing to disrupt the football contest, CGT chief Philippe Martinez said: “The government has the time to say 'let's stop the clock' and everything will be ok.”
Those thoughts were echoed by the head of the smaller FO union, Jean-Claude Mailly, who said: “In football speak, it's time the prime minister took the red card back.”
The unions' statements came as tens of thousands of people hit the streets in protest on Thursday, leading to clashes between police and demonstrators, Reuters reported.
Around 100 people targeted a police station in the southwest city of Bordeaux, throwing objects at it and damaging a patrol car. Bank windows were broken in Paris and the western city of Nantes, prompting police to respond with tear gas.
Protesters also aimed to choke off power and fuel supplies and paralyze the public transport network on Thursday, with employees halting their work at oil refineries, nuclear power plants, and railways. Demonstrators also erected road blocks and burned wooden pallets and tires at major ports and near key distribution hubs.
The street rallies were also joined by marchers from the youth protest movement Nuit Debout (Up All Night).
But despite employee walk-outs, street demonstrations, and threats from unions, French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has rejected calls to scrap the part of the labor reform law which has most angered the CGT. That section would allow companies to opt out of national obligations on labor protection if they adopt in-house deals on pay and conditions with the consent of the majority of employees.
Read more
"There is no question of changing tack, even if adjustments are always possible," said Valls.
The prime minister also stated that the government would break up refinery blockades. His statements were supported by the country's other large union, the CFDT.
The Thursday protests are the latest in a string of demonstrations in recent weeks, in which 350 police officers and several protesters have been injured and more than 1,300 people arrested.
Protests against the labor law reforms have been taking place since they were put forward by Labor Minister Myrian El Khomri. The government says the reforms – which focus on fighting unemployment by loosening protections on France's 35-hour work week and layoffs, and reducing overtime bonuses – will help curb the country's high unemployment rate. Protesters and workers' unions, however, say the government wants to make it easier and less costly for employers to lay off workers.
France's unemployment rate hit a record high in March, pushing jobless numbers to 3.591 million people, according to the Labor Ministry.
2014 looks like being a good year for male victims. It's not yet the end of March and already a million pounds of new funding has been found to help men who find themselves at the sharp end of intimate violence.
First the Government announced £500,000 to help “break the silence” for male victims of rape, and now the Big Lottery Fund has more than doubled that with awards to several projects helping male victims of domestic violence north of the border, including the charity Abused Men in Scotland .
What this means is that men who have been battered by their wives and partners; raped by other men and sexually abused by men or women are more likely to get the support they need.
The unwritten mythology of masculinity and femininity drives our expectations that men should be strong, independent, protectors and providers while women should be vulnerable, dependent, nurturers and supporters. There are those who argue that such characteristics are hardwired into men and women, while others believe such traits are simply a product of our conditioning. In my experience, the reality is somewhere in the middle, with nature and nurture joining forces to shape our masculine and feminine tendencies.
Ultimately, it doesn't matter which side of the nurture versus nature debate you come down on, if you look hard enough you'll begin to see the negative impact that our shared beliefs about masculinity can have on individual men.
Our deeply ingrained expectation that men should be strong and invulnerable makes us collectively more tolerant when harm happens to men and boys. Men are trapped between a traditional, conservative expectation that it is the duty of good men to protect women and children from bad men and a progressive liberal belief that all men are somehow oppressors of women. Over the years these contrasting perspectives have combined to create a pantomime view of intimate violence in which men are either the perpetrators or protectors of women, while women are always the damsels in distress. Put simply it is women who have problems and men who are problems.
Any man (or women) who transgresses these mythological roles is largely invisible to the public. No-one should underestimate how difficult it can be for a victim of intimate violence to come forward an get help, but it is doubly difficult if you fall outside the paradigm of male perpetrators and female victims.
Advocates for the LGBT community have rightly observed that this “public story” about intimate violence makes it harder for those who aren't heterosexual to get help. If men aren't recognised as victims and women aren't recognised as perpetrators, then there is no role in the pantomime for gay and lesbian victims.
The same is true for male victims, who have been hidden for decades behind a veil of fairytales and feminist tales that conspire to convince us that “all men are potential rapists” while women are made of “sugar and spice and all things nice”.
If you dig around in the data for long enough you find that as much as half of all domestic violence is committed by women; that one in six men experience rape and sexual abuse and that 18% of boys who call ChildLine about sexual abuse by a parent, name their mother as the perpetrator.
As with any statistics you can find figures that present contrasting views, but what you'll consistently discover is that male victims are more likely to suffer in silence and less likely to report the abuse.
So how do we help more male victims to come forward? Having more services dedicated to helping men is part of the systemic change we need to see, but more important than this is changing the culture we all create. We need to challenge the myths and ask ourselves why we are more tolerant of the harm that happens to men and boys.
Most men are neither perpetrators nor victims, but we all have a voice and if we're going to use it to speak out about violence, then maybe we should take a radical approach and try talking about men for a change.
Glen Poole is Director at the consultancy Helping Men and author of the book Equality For Men
Follow him on Twitter
Correction: A previous version of this article misidentified civil rights leader Jesse L. Jackson as Jesse Jackson Jr., the former congressman from Illinois.
Charter buses, hired to bring thousands of people to the March on Washington, park along the Tidal Bason.
Aug. 28, 1963 Charter buses, hired to bring thousands of people to the March on Washington, park along the Tidal Bason. Byron Schumaker/The Washington Star
The landmark civil rights protest on Aug. 28, 1963, drew more than 200,000 people to the District and is remembered most for the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s “I Have a Dream” speech.
The landmark civil rights protest on Aug. 28, 1963, drew more than 200,000 people to the District and is remembered most for the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s “I Have a Dream” speech.
The landmark civil rights protest on Aug. 28, 1963, drew more than 200,000 people to the District and is remembered most for the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s “I Have a Dream” speech.
Even as racial barriers have tumbled and the nation has grown wealthier and better educated, the economic disparities separating blacks and whites remain as wide as they were when marchers assembled on the Mall in 1963.
When it comes to household income and wealth, the gaps between blacks and whites have widened. On other measures, the gaps are roughly the same as they were four decades ago. The poverty rate for blacks, for instance, continues to be about three times that of whites.
“The relative position of blacks has not changed economically since the march,” said William Darity Jr., a professor of public policy, economics and African American studies at Duke University. “Certainly, poverty has declined for everybody, but it has declined in a way that the proportion of blacks to whites who are poor is about the same as it was 50 years ago.”
That is hardly what labor leader A. Philip Randolph, the event's visionary, had in mind when he called for a mass march for “Jobs and Freedom.” For decades, Randolph, founder of the Brotherhood of Sleeping Car Porters, the first predominantly black labor union, had pushed for economic equality for black Americans.
Speaking with his precise diction, Randolph told the throng on the Mall in 1963 that freedom to use public accommodations without substantial economic progress does not add up to full progress.
People visited the MLK Memorial to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the March on Washington. (Whitney Shefte/The Washington Post)
“Yes, we want all public accommodations open to all citizens, but those accommodations will mean little to those who cannot afford to use them,” Randolph said in his speech. “Yes, we want a Fair Employment Practice Act, but what good will it do if profit-geared automation destroys the jobs of millions of workers, black and white?”
The U.S. income shift
Randolph's words seem prescient. The march took place during a period of U.S. economic dominance that ignited unprecedented prosperity and a surging middle class. But the nation's economy is now shaped as much by global competition and expansion as it is by domestic forces, fanning inequality and slowing the improvement in living standards for all but those at the very top.
“The economic backdrop to the anniversary of the march is the persistence of racial disparities, but you also have black people mirroring larger trends,” said Steven Pitts, a policy specialist at the University of California at Berkeley's Labor Center. “Given that the March on Washington in 1963 occurred during the golden era of the U.S. economy, the desire to get on the boat made sense because the boat was rising. But now people may be getting on the boat, but it is sinking.”
The march took place at a time when the benefits of American economic growth were widely shared. Between 1947 and 1979, the wages of workers at all salary levels grew by roughly the same percentage.
But between 1979 and 2007, incomes shifted drastically, with the top 5 percent of earners seeing annual salary increases more than three times the size of those in the middle, according to the Economic Policy Institute, a liberal research organization. Overall, 63 percent of total income growth went to the top 10 percent of households between 1979 and 2007, according to Algernon Austin, an EPI economist.
Economists most often attribute the changing income distribution to the weakened state of unions, the rise of global labor competition, and the premium placed on bankers and others who facilitate global finance.
They also blame the failure of the minimum wage to keep pace with inflation. March on Washington organizers called for raising the minimum wage by 85 cents, to $2 an hour. The $1.15-per-hour minimum in August 1963 translates into an inflation-adjusted wage of about $8.80 today. The current minimum wage is $7.25 an hour.
View Graphic Looking at some of the economic changes between blacks and whites.
The nation's changing economic landscape has affected nearly all workers, and by some measures black Americans have seen clear improvements.
The black middle class, measured by the number of families earning at least $100,000 a year, has grown fivefold in the past 50 years. Now, about one in 10 black households is in that income category. The percentage of blacks older than 25 with high school diplomas has more than tripled. The number of blacks who are college graduates has grown by a factor of 10. Overall, blacks' buying power is estimated to be nearing $1 trillion, while an increasing number of African Americans serve as company chief executives.
Yet, racial economic disparities are mostly unchanged and in some cases are growing. In 1963, blacks families earned 55 cents for every dollar earned by whites. In 2011, blacks earned 66 cents for every dollar earned by whites. The black unemployment rate averaged 11.6 percent between 1963 and 2012, more than double the white jobless rate over that time.
The black poverty rate of 55.1 percent was just over three times the white rate in 1959. It dropped to 32.2 percent in 1972. But since then, progress has been slow. In 2011, 27.6 percent of black households were in poverty — nearly triple the 9.8 percent white rate, according to the Census Bureau.
The stubborn persistence of racial inequality has left policymakers at odds over what to do, and President Obama has resisted targeted efforts to erase racial economic disparities. Instead, he has pushed policies, such as increasing college access and broadening health-care coverage, aimed at lifting the fortunes of all middle- and working-class Americans. He has said that approach will have a disproportionate and positive effect on black Americans.
Speaking at a town-hall-style meeting at Binghamton University in New York last week, Obama referred to the economic disparities as the legacy of a long history of discrimination.
“Let's assume that we eliminated all discrimination magically, with a wand, and everybody had goodness in their heart,” he said. “You'd still have a situation in which there are a lot of folks who are poor and whose families have become dysfunctional because of a long legacy of poverty.”
Discrimination's legacy
Obama has said that closing gaps in educational achievement will go a long way toward closing racial inequalities.
Others are not so sure.
“I'd love to run the president's experiment,” said Darity, the Duke professor. “We really have to face up to the fact that there is a persistence of discrimination that explains a lot about income and employment gaps.”
Darity called the evidence of discrimination irrefutable. He noted that the 12.1 percent jobless rate for blacks with some college education was higher in 2012 than the 11.4 percent rate for white workers who have not finished high school. He also pointed to work by Princeton University researcher Devah Pager, who found that a black job applicant with no criminal history got a callback or job offer about as often as a white applicant with a felony conviction.
A way around that type of entrenched discrimination, Darity said, is to have a direct federal hiring program or a government job guarantee. That idea, he acknowledged, is little more than a dream, given the nation's political climate.
In the meantime, other ­researchers say policymakers should look hard at reshaping policies that exacerbate racial inequality. Tom Shapiro, a Brandeis University professor whose research focuses on racial inequality, noted that a long-term study of black and white families found that white households had median wealth of $265,000, compared with $28,500 for black families, nearly a 10-to-1 gap.
That disparity, he said, has grown in recent years and is aided by a slew of popular policies — such as the mortgage interest deduction and tax deferrals on retirement savings — that favor the well-off, who typically have bigger mortgages and can put more money aside for retirement. Taken together, the tax breaks amount to more than $400 billion a year, Shapiro said. “This amounts to a public subsidy for homeownership and retirement,” Shapiro said. “The distribution of these rewards are highly skewed.”
He said the top 5 percent of wage earners receive 53 percent of those tax breaks, while the bottom 60 percent of wage earners earn 4 percent.
“If we redesigned these homeownership breaks in a way that includes renters and made other relatively simple changes to make the distribution more equitable, the returns to families of color would be much greater,” he said.
Without policy changes, incomes for average workers seem stuck. Since 2000, median household income — a figure economists see as a key indicator for the well-being of the middle class — is down 7.2 percent, according to a report released last week. The decline has continued since the recession officially ended in 2009. In the past four years, median white income is down 3.6 percent, to $58,000. For blacks, the decline has been steeper, down 10.9 percent to $33,519.
It recalls the type of economic inequality that march organizers flagged 50 years ago.
“The struggle began with the problem of buses and lunch counters and theaters — in a word, with the problem of dignity,” Bayard Rustin, who organized the effort that brought 250,000 people to the Mall, wrote in the march's aftermath. “But since the roots of discrimination are economic, and since, in the long run, the Negro, like everyone else, cannot achieve even dignity without a job — economic issues were bound to emerge, with far-reaching implications.”
You wouldn't know it when driving around Toronto these days, but the city and its surrounding areas used to be well populated by motels. Two areas in particular were hotbeds for these humble accommodations: Kingston Rd. in Scarborough and Lakeshore Rd. in Etobicoke.
Along with these suburban motel strips, at various points in the past you might have encountered a collection of motels around the airport, immediately north of the city on Yonge St., and even at 415 Jarvis St., where the Four Seasons Motor Hotel gave birth to a global hotel chain.
Most people who've lived in the city for more than a decade have encountered the last remains of motel culture in Toronto, even if these remnants of the past don't occupy our attention much.
You can still spot a few that remain spread along Kingston Rd. from Brimley Rd. through to West Hill, including the iconic Hav-A-Nap Motel, which announces what's left of the strip when approaching from the west.
The last of the Lake Shore motels were finally demolished in 2012 to make way for massive condo developments along the western waterfront, drawing a conclusion to a history with origins that stretch back to the late 1910s when the first tourist camps arose in Etobicoke.
Yes, the rise of the motel dates all the way back to popularization of the automobile.
The decline of the motor court in Toronto begins shortly after most of the photos and postcards below were printed. Havens for cheap accommodation and lakeside leisure in the '50s and '60s, with the rise of the 401 and the QEW, tourists were gradually led off of Highway 2.
The car gave birth to the motel, but the interstate and superhighway eventually killed it.
There are other reasons, of course, not the least of which was the rise of major corporate chains. Mom-and-pop businesses on secondary roads just couldn't compete. Outdoor swimming pools, once such a draw, lost much of their allure when they become common in suburban homes.
From the 1980s on, Toronto's motels became progressively more seedy. Those that remain are often rented by the month, and on occasion used by the city of Toronto as makeshift homeless shelters. The handful that still dot Scarborough probably won't last beyond another decade.
Even as these structures slowly fade from the landscape, evidence of their former existence can, however, be spotted everywhere. The non-architecture of suburban box stores, strip plazas, and gas stations all trace their origins to the humble motor court, where a blazing neon sign was always more important than an ostentatious building.
In a sprawling city like Toronto, where so much happens outside of the most dense areas, the motel continues to leave its mark on our urban geography — for better or worse.
Photos
One of the best records of Toronto's lost motel culture is an extensive series of photographs of the Lakeshore strip taken by Roger D. Moore in 1989. The images and accompanying website document these places after their heyday but before they were under threat of demolition.
For more motel nostalgia from Toronto and beyond, check out Motel Register on Instagram.
Cruel beyond belief: The moment a truck crammed with FIVE HUNDRED cats was stopped en route to restaurants in China
Some were crammed into rusty cages so small they could not stand up.
Others were gasping for air in sacks. All were starving, exhausted and just hours from being killed and served up as a delicacy in restaurants.
These harrowing photographs were taken after 500 cats were found piled on top of each other in a lorry bound for the slaughterhouse.
Disturbing: When the cats were found some had been struggling to breathe through small holes in burlap sacks
Caged animals: Many of the 500 cats were crammed together in tiny cages as they made the trip in the back of the truck across China
Many would have once been pets, stolen off the streets by ‘cat snatchers'. They are taken for slaughter in what animal welfare campaigners describe as ‘hideous conditions', often without food or water.
These cats were saved by chance when police pulled the vehicle over for a routine check in the city of Xuzhou, eastern China, after noticing it had out-of-town licence plates.
They asked the driver what was being transported after hearing muffled whimpers from under the tarpaulin covering the cargo,
‘He said it was a full load of rabbit, but after we instructed him to uncover the load we were shocked to find a full load of living cats,' said officer Sun Hai.
Intercepted: The felines were rescued thanks to routine vehicle checks, before they were sold as food
Helping hand: Volunteers rushed to give the cats water, before they were transferred to an animal centre for treatment The lorry driver had not broken any laws, as in China it is not illegal to eat cat meat, nor to sell the animals for slaughter, But the police contacted animal lovers in the city who negotiated for three hours with the driver, before eventually managing to buy the cats for 3,500 Yuan (£350).
Horrifying: Some of the cats had been stuffed into bags with barely enough room to breathe
The rescuers gave the cats food, water and medical attention and took them away to safety.
Eating cat meat dates back thousands of years in China, and despite a fledgling animal rights movement it continues to be considered a delicacy in some areas.
One Cantonese dish, called ‘tiger and dragon locked in battle', is a hot pot of cat and snake meat.
The appetite for the dish has already made cats scarce and costly in the southern region of Guangdong, where restaurants have had to look elsewhere for a steady supply.
This means the animals are often transported long distances from other areas.
Animal welfare groups say many do not survive the journey and are dead before they reach their destination.
Yesterday Alan Knight, chief executive of International Animal Rescue, said: ‘There are horrendous practices in China and their animal welfare system is abysmal.
‘It is a hugely rich country and they really need to take themselves out of the dark ages and into a more humane way of treating and transporting animals.'
This Week's Theme: Trends That Will Stick Happiness Remains Possible (November 20, 2008)
"This guy is THE leading visionary on reality. He routinely discusses things which no one else has talked about, yet, turn out to be quite relevant months later."
--An anonymous comment about CHS posted on another blog.
NOTE: contributions are acknowledged in the order received. Your name and email remain confidential and will not be given to any other individual, company or agency. Thank you, James D. ($30) for your much-appreciated generous donation to this site. I am greatly honored by your support and readership.
Or send him coins, stamps or quatloos via mail--please request P.O. Box address. Your readership is greatly appreciated with or without a donation.
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics, please visit my weblog.
All content, HTML coding, format design, design elements and images copyright © 2008 Charles Hugh Smith, All rights reserved in all media, unless otherwise credited or noted.
I would be honored if you linked this wEssay to your site, or printed a copy for your own use.
Brutal murder of boy, step-mom still unsolved 10 years later Copyright by WISH - All rights reserved Video
FRANKLIN, Ind. (WISH) -- One of the most gruesome crimes to ever happen in Johnson County is still unsolved, ten years later. A woman and her 10-year old stepson were stabbed to death, police say, for no apparent reason.
Ten years have passed in the blink of an eye for the Dickus family. Unable to truly move forward, they're still stuck in 2006. They do, however, find a ray of light through police, who believe they have a break in the case.
Old home videos shows Blake Dickus grinning ear to ear. A birthday cake with ten candles lit, as his family surrounds him singing Happy Birthday. It wasn't just birthdays that made him smile though. His mom, Christina Dickus says it was life in general.
"He liked to be funny. He liked to make everyone laugh. He had a heart of gold and he wanted everyone to be happy," she said.
The same could be said about Blake's stepmom, 26-year-old Chyna Dickus. Before her murder, she had just gotten back from a mission trip in El Salvador.
"That woman was pure and perfect and helped me to become the man that I was for them," said Sean Dickus, Chyna's widower.
But that came crashing down, one tragic day. July 24, 2006, Blake had spent the weekend with his dad, and Chyna.
"Blake called. He wanted to stay longer to have lunch with his dad," recalls Christina.
Sean added, "I came home for lunch. I had a nice, pleasant lunch. I got to spend a little time with Blake and I got to spend time with Chyna, working on school work, ate some chow, then I went back to work."
Sean got home around 5 that evening. Everything seemed normal from the outside. But on the inside a horrific crime scene. He found his wife and son bloody and lifeless. They both suffered multiple stab wounds. Blake also died of blunt force trauma and asphyxiation.
"It's your worse nightmare. You saw your loved ones and they were just wasted, tortured. They suffered. It's the worse imaginable nightmare," said Sean.
Christina didn't know what happened right away. She had made plans with Blake to see a movie that night. Chyna was expected to drop him off at his maternal grandparent's home. Christina had already purchased movie tickets. She excitedly drove to her parents to pick Blake up. He wasn't there. She tried contacting both Sean and Chyna, but they didn't answer. So, she drove to Sean's Franklin home in the Branigin Creek Subdivision. Before she even arrived, she noticed the neighborhood was lit up with police lights.
"I get out of my car and I went running down the sidewalk. I see the caution tape around the home. The garage door was up and I'm screaming for Blake," she says.
Christina was met by a detective with the Franklin Police Department, "I was just like please tell me where Blake is. Tell me what hospital he's at...and he couldn't look at me in my eyes. He put his head down and I started screaming, 'NO,'" she cried.
Sean became numb, "Time stopped. It just felt like you were on a foreign planet."
But time didn't stop for Franklin Police, "We've investigated over 532 leads on this investigation. As a result, we've conducted thousands of interviews, submitted countless pieces of evidence to the laboratory at the State Police," said Detective Sergeant John Borges.
One break in the case came last year. Borges says a common denominator came in the form of a window screen, "The screen was cut in a T pattern, sliced over and sliced down to where it layed open to where somebody could actually crawl through a window."
Borges believes the Dickus case is related to a string of five burglaries in Franklin that were similar.
All of the break ins had window screens that had been cut in a T shape.
The burglaries all happened during the summer months of June and July.
They were all committed during the daytime.
The victims in each case reported ransacking and refrigerators that had been gone through.
Each happened within a half mile radius of the Dickus home, on Aberdeen Drive.
One occurred on the same day and street as the Dickus murders.
"We believe there is a direct correlation. We believe the scene are connected and we're seeking the public's help. (We're) trying to find out who is responsible for those burglaries as well as the homicide," said Detective Sgt. Borges.
By reliving the tragedy and sharing their story, the Dickus family hopes that somebody will have the heart to come forward.
"He would be 20 years old. I just wish I had one more day with him," cried Christina.
Sean added, "My boy and my wife will get justice. They deserve that."
Police believe somebody knows what happened, or somebody has information on those burglaries. If that is you, authorities ask that you contact your local police, even if you think your tip is minor. There is a $25,000 reward being offered in this case.
It has come to my attention that we are serious slackers. Honestly though we have a lot of cool stuff in the works so we have been putting all our energy and focus into those. Yes they involve food and more importantly they involve large and I mean annoying the recycling guy with massive amounts of beer bottles level of booze. Also, the major reason why if I was not hungover every weekend I would actually hit the gym instead of saying screw it and buying larger jeans.
One of the joys of not embracing sobriety is creativity starts flowing. This is one of those ah ha moments. At our house we are freaking addicted to wings and have made it a personal quest to find the best place in this town to find them and yes we have succeeded. However; going out for wings is great but sitting around a fire pit with a grate cooking wings is even better.
So here we go…………
2 bottles of good pale ale beer (relax there are still four left in that six pack to drink)
2-4 cups of water
3 bay leaves
4-6 cloves of garlic
1/4 cup salt
1/4 cup brown sugar
1 TB whole peppercorns
Heavy pinch of cayenne (yes spicy food makes you feel alive but relax the heat is really muted)
So freaking hard from here….
Add water and beer to sauce pan along with salt and sugar
Heat until the salt and sugar has dissolved
Kill heat and throw everything else in and let it cool back to room temperature (you can cheat and use the fridge or an ice bath if you are impatient).
Add in chicken and throw in fridge covered up to eight hours.
Throw on grill or oven bake like you normally do.
We also prefer to rub our wings to bring out even more flavor and for that we just simply use one of either of these.
Serve and enjoy!
Jay-Z, the rapper who last year turned the theme from Annie ("It's a Hard Knock Life") into a ghetto anthem, is leaning back in a barber chair at Milk Studios, talking on his Motorola cell phone: "Yo, you're havin' too much fun out there!" He laughs, a great guffaw at odds with his usual demeanor, which is famously subdued, watchful, penetrating, in keeping with the slick poet he is and successful drug dealer he once was. Today, before a photo shoot for his Roc-A-Fella Records, Jay-Z -- lanky, six feet four, and looking beach-ready in khaki shorts, a muscle-T, and luminescent white sneakers -- seems relaxed, almost peaceful. Lately, he's been vacationing out in the Hamptons. "I never drive, I take a helicopter," he says. "Everybody says it's murder driving -- and you ain't got to tell me twice."
In case you've been concentrating on your Jewel collection, Jay-Z is the top-selling rapper in the country, considered one of the most lyrically gifted, and the man who made "Can I get a fuck-you?" a handy phrase. This year, with the album Vol. 2 . . . Hard Knock Life, he went from hard-core-rap respectability to international superstardom, including an as-told-to account of his life in Teen People. ("I was in the fifth grade the first time I saw someone get shot. . . . To see something like that at 11 years old is crazy!")
The record was No. 1 on the Billboard charts for five weeks straight (a first for rap), went platinum five times, and earned Jay-Z his first Grammy (although he boycotted the ceremony in L.A. to protest the Grammy oversight of fellow rapper DMX). Jay-Z's had a busy year; he went on a 56-city tour, made four videos, appeared on eight magazine covers. So when the heat wave hit, it seemed time to chill; and where else for an up-and-coming young man with money to go -- when "money ain't a thang" -- but the Hamptons?
"I mean, the Hamptons is cool," says Jay-Z, in his curiously high, thick, melodic voice (when he raps, it booms). "It's very serene, a change of pace, a kind of getaway, you know what I'm saying? But everything is so hard to find out there. The first house we rented" -- in East Hampton, in June -- "was behind these trees, and we'd been playing softball with Russell Simmons and Andre Harrell and all them over in Wainscott, and I had to get back to the house at six to meet the masseuse; well, we are only fifteen minutes away, but we were rolling back and forth past that house for one hour." The masseuse waited.
When Jay-Z -- a.k.a. Jigga, Iceberg Slim, and J-Hovah, and born Shawn Carter, in Brooklyn -- decided he wanted to make the Hamptons scene, for the first time, "for real," Island Def Jam co-president Lyor Cohen offered him and partner Damon Dash guidance through the potentially embarrassing pitfalls of late-summer rental. "Lyor was showing us step-by-step where to go; he got us a Realtor Bettie Wysor, at Dunemere Associates," says Dash, CEO of Roc-A-Fella Records. "He wanted to be sure our location was right -- we could go in blind and get a house just anywhere and be thinking we're rolling, when we're not even in the right part of town."
And this was Jay-Z, so it couldn't be just any house; he had a reputation to consider. "Jigga" -- more than Puffy, more than Will "Gettin' Jiggy Wit It" Smith -- is the rapper most associated with the sublime state of jigginess. His lyrics tell the story of a defiantly ambitious entrepreneur who likes his champagne and cars expensive, his women beautiful, and his freedom unfettered -- which doesn't sound too far off from some of the high-rollers laying down $48 a pound for lobster salad at Loaves and Fishes in Sagaponack these days. "My plot is, stick up the world and split it, 50-50 -- uh-huh -- is taken the dough and stay real jiggy," Jay-Z raps.
"If he says 'Drive a 4.6 Range Rover,' people change their cars," says Dash. "If he says 'Rock platinum jewelry,' people rock platinum."
"It's a Masterpiece Rolex," says Jay-Z demurely, allowing an inspection of the diamond-studded watch twinkling on his wrist. "I was, like, the first one in the country with it. I try to stay on top of things. It's a little hobby, know what I'm saying? I read the Robb Report, the duPont Registry, things like that. I tend not toward expensive -- more toward exclusive."
Goose Creek, the Wainscott mansion Dash and Jay-Z settled on for a two-weekend rental in July, isn't exactly the Maidstone Club -- "It's the Hilton of the Hamptons," sniffs one society macher -- but it is . . . big. "I walked in and said, 'Damn, this'll be fun for a few weeks,' " says Dash. "I felt like a little kid in a big haunted house in there," says Jay-Z, laughing.
The $20 million, 30,000-square-foot, Italianate stucco house sits on eight-and-a-half acres of land and is equipped with an indoor-outdoor pool, tennis courts, a spa, a 120-seat screening room, and a canoe and rowboat to tool around Georgica Pond (which is shared by Steven Spielberg, among other players). Former renters include Madonna, Warren Beatty, and Kevin Costner (when he was hot). Meg Ryan and Ed Burns were neighbors this summer, and Sandra Bullock was next door in the estate's smaller farmhouse, known as Main Street.
Another renter actually had dibs on the cottage before Bullock, says Bob Felner, who co-owns Goose Creek with film and fashion impresario Bryan Bantry, but the client backed out upon hearing of the arrival of a rap brigade -- "for reasons I would not like to characterize," Felner says with pronounced delicacy. "We always just thought it would be a lot of fun to have Jay-Z and his people in the house" -- so to speak. "Like any newly successful entertainer, of course he wants to be in the Hamptons; I think it's sweet that they all want to be here."
It was no doubt equally sweet to receive Jay-Z and Dash's $30,000-a-week rent check -- a widely reported figure which Felner calls inaccurate, although he admits the rental's "a lot." So much that some of Jay-Z and Dash's friends, Simmons and Cohen included, complained that they thought the Roc-A-Fella crew was being taken. "They all said they were overpaying," says Felner, sounding a bit miffed, "but Russell was here every day and so was Puffy. This is a bigger house than Puffy's -- and in a better neighborhood." (Puffy lives near Donna Karan in a Charles Gwathmey steel-and-chrome monolith in East Hampton.)
Captain Steven Gerrard says the England squad have been practising penalties "a lot" ahead of the World Cup but insists they are not obsessed with spot-kicks.
England has the worst penalty shootout record in World Cup history, with three defeats out of three.
Six of their last 10 major tournaments have ended in shootout losses.
"I understand the fixation because we've failed in a few," said Gerrard. "But don't get carried away with it because it might never come about."
England's major shootout woes 1990 World Cup: England's shootout hell begins as they crash out in the semi-finals against Germany, with Stuart Pearce and Chris Waddle missing from the spot.
England's shootout hell begins as they crash out in the semi-finals against Germany, with Stuart Pearce and Chris Waddle missing from the spot. Euro 96: After shootout success in the last eight against Spain, the tournament ends with defeat by Germany in the semi-finals as Gareth Southgate misses in the shootout.
After shootout success in the last eight against Spain, the tournament ends with defeat by Germany in the semi-finals as Gareth Southgate misses in the shootout. 1998 World Cup: Paul Ince and David Batty are the culprits as Argentina progress from the second round at England's expense.
Paul Ince and David Batty are the culprits as Argentina progress from the second round at England's expense. Euro 2004: Darius Vassell fails to convert from the spot and England are knocked out by Portugal in the last eight.
Darius Vassell fails to convert from the spot and England are knocked out by Portugal in the last eight. 2006 World Cup: Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard's penalties are saved and England go out in the quarter-finals to Portugal.
Frank Lampard and Steven Gerrard's penalties are saved and England go out in the quarter-finals to Portugal. Euro 2012: Another quarter-final defeat for England, this time against Italy, with Ashley Young and Ashley Cole failing from the spot.
The captain added: "Hopefully we perform well enough in 90 minutes or 120 minutes to prevent it going to a shootout, but we will be ready if it comes around."
England lost on penalties at the 1990, 1998 and 2006 World Cups.
They last won a shootout at Euro 96, beating Spain in the quarter-finals before losing to Germany - on penalties - in the last four.
Sports psychiatrist Dr Steve Peters, who made his name with the British Olympic cycling team and has also worked with both Liverpool and former world snooker champion Ronnie O'Sullivan, will help the squad with mental preparation in Brazil.
"We are going to practise penalties a lot, but it is a difficult situation to put into words," Gerrard, who has worked with Peters at Anfield, told BBC Radio 5 live Sport.
"A penalty shootout is a more pressurised situation than any one penalty in a league game. You have an awful lot more time to think about your penalty and what is at stake is a lot bigger."
Gerrard missed a penalty against Portugal in the quarter-finals of the 2006 World Cup but scored in a shootout defeat by Italy at Euro 2012.
He said he had learned from his 2006 experience in Germany, adding: "It was a difficult atmosphere to be in."
Go to our new World Cup features and video index for in-depth content and analysis.
This transgender woman lived a double life for decades, but not anymore.
This is part of a story series about the lives of transgender people. Read the introduction here.
To the rest of the world, it seemed like Becky Veal had a life anyone would want. She supported her wife and their three children, served in the U.S. Army, and worked as a union organizer and negotiator for much of her professional life.
But while she was living the life expected of the male gender she was assigned at birth, she felt like her mind was boiling, she says. The only way to relieve what she describes as the “pressure cooker” inside her was to check into a motel, lock the door, draw the curtains and dress in the feminine clothes that made her feel like herself for a while — even if she had to do it in the dark.
But it came at a cost, both financial and emotional, Veal says.
You never get ahead because you're trying to keep two people going. I would take off work because that was the only time I could get away and not have anyone think anything of it. I never made a great deal of money, but I had to take time for Becky. I was fighting a battle inside that no one knew I was fighting, and I didn't even have a name for it. So I thought I was the worst person in the world. My self-esteem was at a low ebb most of my life, until I came out. I didn't think I was worth much.
Veal knew from the time she was 12 years old that she wanted to be a woman. She didn't know what that meant — after all, she says, there was no internet and no one to ask about it. So she kept it mostly to herself and called it cross-dressing.
When she got married at age 20, Veal's wife found out about her cross-dressing within the first week. It wasn't an easy conversation, but her wife accepted it and didn't question it again during their 42-year marriage.
But what started with what Veal describes as a “late-night thing with a nightgown” didn't end there.
“Over the years it kept snowballing and going downhill and the snowball kept growing,” she says. “It became something I had to do more and more often.”
Veal tried to fight her desire to live as female. It was during what she calls her “macho period” that she enlisted in the U.S. Army, serving in both Vietnam and Korea before returning home. She considered joining the police department, but when she learned a background investigation would be required she gave up on the idea of that career, because she dreaded anyone finding out about Becky. She then worked at General Motors, serving as District Committeeman for the UAW in Flint for 12 of her 17 years there. She went on to other union organizing jobs, too, successfully negotiating major labor agreements.
But she could not let go of Becky, despite trying many times.
I would purge — throwing everything female away, telling myself ‘This isn't right, I'm going to stop this.' I was in a battle. I just wanted to be like everyone else. I felt I had the equipment to be a man and I should be a man. I thought wearing dresses and wanting to be a woman was so perverted. I just didn't understand it. So I fought it. I told myself I had to do what's right for my wife and kids. It's like being in the darkness your entire life. A little dark place you go to.
In 2008, Veal's wife was diagnosed with small cell lung cancer. Veal quit working to be with her wife, who died two years later. “It was devastating,” Veal says. “She was my best friend, my girlfriend, my soul mate. When I lost her, I lost everything.”
Veal purged all her female clothes once again and moved in with her daughter. About six months later, she found herself contemplating the barrel of the gun she used for deer hunting. But Veal knew deep down she could never do that to her family, so she woke up the next morning and did something else.
She decided it was time for Becky to come out into the light — and stay there. Feeling the need to do that on her own, Veal went to Missouri, where her family is from, using the excuse that she was studying her family genealogy.
Veal found a psychologist she connected with and came out to her during their first session. Veal asked if she could bring Becky along to her second session, to which her psychologist replied, “That's a great idea.”
Veal's memory of that day, August 11, 2011, is vivid.
I went out and bought a nice new outfit. I had to get up early and put my makeup on and get dressed. I grabbed my purse and my keys, and my hands were shaking. I was shaking. I walked out of the house and I'm in the sunlight. This is the first time Becky has been out in public in the sunlight, not behind a closed, locked door — out in the sunlight. I told myself, ‘You're never going back in the darkness' and I meant that. I haven't.
Veal returned home and started telling her family, which includes eight grandchildren, and most of them have accepted her transition. In fact, presenting as Becky has mostly been met with validation — including from the man who had been her best friend since the 8th grade. Veal told him about her transition over the phone, and when he laid eyes on her for the first time as Becky, he exclaimed, “My God, you're lovely!”
But when he passed away just three weeks later, Veal knew she needed to expand her circle of friends, which she has done largely through activism. In addition to being part of the ACLU of Michigan's Transgender Advocacy Project, she is the President of Transgender Connect (Flint Chapter) and the field coordinator for Transgender Michigan in Flint.
Not only has Veal found a new community of friends — she's found a renewed sense of purpose in retirement, one that brings her great satisfaction: fighting for transgender equality.
I have a big mouth and I'm not afraid to use it. The only way we're going to win this battle is to have visibility and to have our stories out there. Once you know me, how could you vote against anything that would benefit me? Maybe we only want to use the restroom. Why are you putting me into a men's room where I could get hurt, when all I want to do is relieve myself? Can't you understand that I have to pee? My advocacy is for my little brothers and sisters. What I'm involved in here will take years. Some of the young people in this movement today will be old by the time we get it done. I'd like to leave an epitaph that I did what a could for my community.
Veal knows the journey to equality won't be a short one. After all, her personal journey has taken decades, and starting hormone replacement therapy (HRT) was only one step. She hopes to have sex reassignment surgery (SRS), if she can get her heart health under control. But if that isn't possible, she accepts it.
Veal sees the beauty in herself now, and in the transgender community, which she says Native Americans have long referred to as “two-spirited.”
We are two-spirited. We've lived both sides of the fence. We know what it's like to live in the darkness and to have fear and anxiety as a constant companion — you can't even imagine the dreams I used to have. But for those of us who live authentically, we know what it's like to stand in the light.
Not only does Veal feel better now that her hormones are in balance with who she knows herself to be, she feels like her advocacy and authenticity have given her a new lease on life.
“It's so eye-opening when you stop living the lie and become who you are. It's like the statement, ‘The truth shall set you free.' It's true, honey, and I'm vibrant. And I'm never going back in the dark again.”
Read all the stories in this series HERE.
[Photo courtesy of Becky Veal.]
It's an excellent, brand-new year-one Wii U game.
It's simultaneously safe for kids and yet more or less Lego Grand Theft Auto—with you as a cop rather than a crook.
It's the best Lego game of the 10 I've played, though it's not going to win any awards for progressive game design.
And it's got Nintendo Easter eggs.
Lego City Undercover is the pitcher of lemonade that's been set up to greet those of us who have staggered through the desert of these early months of Wii U ownership. Can you believe we survived these past four months? Finally, a new game for the system. At last, the first Nintendo-published game on the system since November's launch-day releases of Nintendo Land and New Super Mario Bros. U.
Advertisement
As you might find with that proverbial pitcher of lemonade, there's actually more here than you might want to gulp. It's overly sweet, too. These are minor concerns for the parched gamer, but a warning nonetheless: to break the metaphor, the game is a bit easy, holds your hand too much of the time and is written more for kids than for the adults who might be tempted to smirk along.
***
Lego City Undercover is indeed as much an open world as a Grand Theft Auto, Assassin's Creed or Saint's Row. With Lego Batman 2 and Lego Lord of the Rings, the main series of Lego games were already moving toward this design: a massive plot of interactive terrain for players to explore, pocked with portals to storyline missions.
Advertisement
The Lego City Undercover world is an attractive, enjoyable 17-region map of cities, countryside, prison and rocket-launch-pad islands, riffs on Manhattan, Miami, San Francisco and other places, all networked by roads, bridges, train lines, ferry stations and more. Some of it is rendered in a pseudo-realistic style, but much of it is rendered in Lego brick. Pedestrians are little Lego people.
The game's hundreds of land, sea and air vehicles are all made of Lego. Many appear to be based on real Lego sets. Every one of them can be commandeered by the player. Every one of them, when bumped around during, say, a police chase, falls apart as a real Lego vehicle would. Usually, the roof falls off first.
Advertisement
The glee you'll have simply being in Undercover's world is likely dependent on two things: if you 1) were ever a kid and 2) if you ever had Legos. If both are true then you, like me, may feel as if your toys have come to life—and if all the playsets you could ever imagine your parents spoiling you with are now one incredible county that you can run through at street level. Assassin's Creed might make the case for video games as historical tourism. Here we have the case for video games as the simulation of childhood fantasy.
You play as a police officer named Chase McCain, and you will play alone. There is no traditional Lego series co-op here but, rather, one Wii U gamer and his/her GamePad controller, guiding Chase through his adventure. There's also no traditional character-swapping, no going from, say Lego Harry Potter to Lego Hermione Granger. Instead, you're technically always Chase but can swap through eight core character types: police officer, robber, miner, astronaut, farmer and a few others I won't spoil. Each have special abilities, some as soon as the persona is obtained, others unlocked as you play.
Advertisement
Here's my Chase in his police, robber, miner and civilian garbs. Yes, as a criminal, I can shoot paint. So evil!
Advertisement
WHY: It's essentially an all-ages Lego: Grand Theft Auto, which the world definitely needed.
Lego City: Undercover
Developer: TT Fusion
Platforms: Wii U
Release Date: March 18
Type of game: Open-world policeman/farmer/robber/astronaut adventure through a Lego-ized version of New York City, San Francisco, Miami and a bunch of other places.
Advertisement
What I played: Finished the game's main story and did lots of side stuff, for a meager 35.2% of the game cleared over the course of 21 hours, 50 minutes, 22 seconds. 16,839,870 Lego studs burning a hole in my pocket. 105/450 gold bricks obtained. 57/290 characters, 32/110 vehicles.
My Two Favorite Things
The experience of driving through a world of Lego play-sets, like getting a permit to play through a childhood fantasy.
The sense that there's always something new to discover.
My Two Least-Favorite Things
Minute-long loading times whenever returning to the open world.
All the hand-holding that assumes I'm incapable of figuring out how to do something simply by -gasp- playing.
Advertisement
Made-to-Order Back-of-Box Quotes
"Rockstar would be proud."
-Stephen Totilo, Kotaku.com
-Stephen Totilo, Kotaku.com "Proof that movie licenses are over-rated."
-Stephen Totilo. Kotaku.com
You might notice that my Chase's cop persona looks like Sherlock Holmes. That's just one of a couple dozen police personas that I could have found and unlocked in the game, The same for the robber persona and the rest. You pick one as your main costume for each persona but can switch those choices at changing stations throughout the city. In fact, for the civilian garb, there appear to be about 100 options, everything from Viking warriors to press photographers.
Advertisement
There are an insane 290 characters/outfits to find in the game, plus 110 vehicles to unlock and then call in at drop-points that you can construct throughout the city. The costumes are silly and some of them, like the undercover-cop 70s leisure suit, unexpected. Much of the game's successful humor comes from dressing in these nutty outfits. The game's main creators, the studio TT Fusion, help by drawing some absurd animations for the characters. The default farmer's one of the best, as he pulls a chicken from under his straw hat and then uses the chicken as an egg-shooting gun.
As with any open-world game, you'll have a choice with Undercover: play the main missions or do the side stuff.
The main missions involve Chase trying to track down a master criminal who has busted out of prison, but include lengthy deviations into such odd activities as training to be a fireman or stealing a T. rex skeleton from a museum.
Advertisement
Technically, there are 15 story missions—the type familiar to players of the series who understand what collecting red and gold bricks and maxing out a Lego studs total—are all about. But other missions within the open world connect those episodes. If you've played GTA, you'll feel at home in these, as you will have to commandeer a truck and outrace some motorcycles from one edge of the map to another or as you'll have to fend off a bunch of thugs who surround you on a rooftop.
The main story is made for my nephew more than it's made for me. The developers are making a silly cop show, but with the kind of police captain who often has a donut stuck to his face; your idiot police sidekick complains that the horse he is riding has a funny face—until he realizes he is riding it backwards. Some of the jokes work, but a lot of it feels juvenile and will be the toughest part of this game for grown-ups to swallow.
Advertisement
Bonus jokes: there's a guy late in the game who is an Arnold Schwarzenegger soundalike. Almost every line he has is a Schwarzenegger movie pun. For example (and forgive me if I scrawled these down a little inaccurately... these are close to verbatim): "That gate needs repairing. Did you not hear it jingle all the way?" "Don't you understand a simple command? Oh? No reply?" "Stop walking, man. Start running, man."
The side missions are, as they always are in this type of game, uneven in quality. Most are simple, which is the biggest strike against them. There are no deep side-storylines to discover, but, rather, things like cars to steal and race to garages before a timer runs out or cats to rescue. You can look for escaped pigs, stuff them in cannons and shoot them back to their home farm. You can chase down aliens, put out fires or blow up statues. Early in the game you gain the ability to climb buildings, leading to a series of free-running challenges that have you leaping across rooftops and zipping along wires. They show the series loosening up and beginning to attain some more interesting gameplay, though the jumping and camerawork could use more improvement:
Advertisement
That more dynamic gameplay moves the series in the right direction, as does the overall setting. Gone are the crutches of a familiar movie license like Star Wars or Indiana Jones. And in its place we have a celebration of something that feels more innocent and that feels more like a playground.
If only there was more play possible. The game is forever telling you how to do everything. Pick up a key and an arrow will appear pointing you to the lock it goes in. Grab a stick of dynamite and you'll be directed toward the place where it's meant to blow something up. This is typical of the Lego games and symptomatic of the half of the Lego toy philosophy that these games embrace: whereas the non-Lego but very Lego-like game Minecraft is all about taking a pile of bricks and making anything out of it, these official Lego games are very much about following directions.
In this series, pleasure is programmed to come from doing what's planned. You're expected to have fun by, essentially, making the thing that's on the box. It's disappointing that, even in the face of Minecraft's success—at its affirmation of the wonder of free-form block-building—these Lego games have found no way to deviate from a design that is about there being rules and there being consumers who must follow those rules.
Advertisement
I can't lie, though. I can't deny that Lego City Undercover's essentially automated-Lego-building does look cool. They're pleasing to activate, once you've earned enough special bricks to trigger them.
There are more than 60 of these so-called super-builds, of course. Because there's a lot of everything in the game.
Advertisement
It's fun to romp through this city, ignoring all the missions and simply seeing what there is to do. At every corner there's something to collect, some new ability to learn, some new pile of rocks to blow up, some new stack of things to build. There are treadmills to run on, sand castles to punch and as you do these things you might unlock a new character or see a number tally up that indicates that, oh, there must be three more sand castles to punch and punching all of them must unlock something. Simple rewards structure? Skinner Box? Relatively un-nutritious gameplay? Yes. But it's all...so...damn... cheerful. Your heart will have to be cold not to be won over even just a bit.
***
As for this being a Nintendo exclusive, we've got the integration of the Wii U GamePad, which is used to display the vast game-world's map and as a set of x-ray specs that can be held up and rotated to scan through the world for secrets (a similar effect to what's been seen in the Wii U games ZombiU and Batman Arkham City, making it old-hat already).
Advertisement
There are also little Nintendo-brand surprises. I cast a line off a dock and caught a Super Mario Bros fish. I drove past parade balloons that included a massive invincibility star. I found a green warp-pipe. I've yet to discover any Mario or Zelda costumes, but I did find a bus called Epona.
And... doesn't this truck look like Yoshi to you?
Advertisement
Or am I losing my mind?
***
This is a very good game to have on a four-month-old system. Some faults might be forgiven because of it. Or at least that's not why I'm going to hammer the developers too badly for making their open-world take over a minute to load every single time you have to return to it from a cutscene, story mission or visit inside police HQ. That's why I'm not freaking out that the draw distance is short and that vehicles often pop into existence on the road ahead. I learned to live with these things and have a good time. I would like them to fix whatever audio glitch kept me from hearing dialogue in the late-game cut-scenes, though!
Advertisement
Year-one games for new systems tend to be more junk than joy, more rubble than castle. Anything decent is a defiance of expectations. Bugs and technical shortcomings aside, we're well beyond decent here.
What TT Fusion and Nintendo have built here, happily, is something towering, sprawling and good. It's charming and cheerful. It's not mentally taxing, but it's great popcorn. Add this to the short list of Wii U must-haves, next to ZombiU, Nintendo Land and Little Inferno.
(Offers on this page are now expired and are no longer available.)
Circumstances change. Those friends you expected to host this weekend have called and canceled. Perhaps Grandma suddenly wants to take your kids off your hands for a few days. Finding yourself with an unexpected opportunity to get out of town is great, but how do you book a last-minute getaway without breaking the bank? If you can muster up some flexibility, it's very possible to create an affordable and fun last-minute getaway.
Finding the Cheapest Flight
If you select a destination and your dates are fixed, the price of the airfare is usually the price you'll have to pay. If you throw away the destination and look for any place that has cheap airfare, you may find a new fun hangout and save some money as well. Two popular websites allow you to find a destination at the last minute: Kayak.com/explore and Google Flights allow you to type in your departure city and then view the entire world of airfares. I typed in Chicago O'Hare (ORD) this morning and my choices, among others, were Atlanta for $117 and Minneapolis for $89. These round trip flights were on Spirit and good choices if you're paying for the flights. If you're offsetting the cost of flights with points/miles, other options include New Orleans for $239 and Mexico City for $317. Unless it's a major holiday weekend, there is usually some destination where the airfare is reasonable, even at the last minute.
Another possibility for booking last-minute airfare is using miles and booking an award ticket; many airlines open award seats at the last minute. You could even use miles for one ticket and pay for the other (in the case of a couple traveling), or try a combination of a one-way award ticket and a one-way purchased ticket. My friend and I were able to book two 10,000-mile one-way award seats on United less than an hour before we needed them this past weekend.
Last-Minute Cruises
If you can secure last-minute award tickets, drive, or get lucky and find cheap airfare, you can always find last-minute cruise deals. I use Vacations to Go to find good cruise deals, but there are plenty of other options out there. Looking at last-minute deals this morning I found Los Angeles to Vancouver on a five-star ship for $139 at VTG's Repositioning Cruise site, and a two-stop Bahamas cruise out of Miami for $179 on VTG's last-minute 90 day ticker. You can also call your local travel agent who specializes in cruises for their recommendations for last-minute options.
Last-Minute Hotels and Alternative Lodging
Before you book your flight or other transport, be sure to check on hotel prices. Expedia, AllTheRooms and Trivago can each give you a quick glance at what lodging is going to cost and also offer last-minute deals. If you find what you want, stop there! But you can also try an app like HotelTonight that offers exclusive last-minute offers you can book through your mobile device. Roomer is another unique site to secure last-minute hotel deals. Travelers whose plans have changed but are stuck with a non-refundable room offer their hotel room on this site at a reduced price so they're not out the entire cost of the stay. Their loss is your gain when Roomer transfers the hotel room booking to your name.
Last-Minute Entertainment and Activities
My old standbys Vayable and Groupon always offer unique activities and entertainment possibilities. I would recommend visiting each site to see what's happening in the city you're going to visit. Also for a short weekend, a hop on/hop off bus (if the city has one) is always a quick way to get to see the sights. Most major cities in the world have a Time Out page where you can find out what's happening. I used Time Out for Beijing and I found several ideas which led to meeting up with the creator of a documentary and visiting an art district.
There is nearly always a way to get away at the last minute, even if you have to just hop in the car and drive. With just a little extra planning, however, you can make the most of that last-minute weekend vacation and do it as frugally as possible.
What are your tips for booking last-minute travel?
[Image via Getty]
Christine Krzyszton
All Articles Christine Krzyszton lives in Northern Michigan and travels the world with no predetermined destination in mind, letting airfare prices dictate where she will travel. A points and miles junkie, she prefers to utilize points to offset the cost...
View: FTG Review
|
Reward Breakdown
|
Points Breakdown Delta® Reserve for Business Annual Fee: $450 fee
Foreign Fees: No
Card Type: Travel Apply Now
Add to Favorites Earn 40,000 bonus miles and 10,000 MQMs after you spend $3,000 in purchases with your new Card in the first 3 months.†
Earn 15,000 Medallion® Qualification Miles (MQMs) and 15,000 bonus miles after you reach $30,000 in eligible purchases on your Card in the calendar year.
Earn 2 Miles per dollar spent on eligible purchases made directly with Delta. Earn 1 mile on every eligible dollar spent on purchases.
Settle into your seat sooner with Priority Boarding and enjoy 20% savings on eligible in-flight purchases in the form of a statement credit.
Pay no foreign transaction fees when you spend overseas.‡
Complimentary Delta Sky Club® Access.‡
Terms and limitations apply
See Rates & Fees Breakdown Earn (pt.) Spend
3 months 0 $3,000
Per dollar on eligible purchases with Delta Purchases 2.00 $1
All Purchases 1.00 $1
Already have this card? Track it and maximize your rewards.
Misinformation and rumor run rampant when it comes to the big blockbusters these days and Star Wars is no different. For months there has been speculation that Alden Ehrenreich would show up for a cameo in Rogue One. Rumors were flying free well before he was ever officially announced for the part. But it seems that is not the case.
Star Wars Underworld spotted a couple of interview snippets from Celebration Europe that had yet to make the rounds as news. It seems ExtraTV snagged a couple of quick interviews at the convention and got a few good bits of information from some key players. First and foremost was the director himself commenting on whether a certain smuggler would show up to help a ragtag band of rebels steals the plans to the galaxy's newest battle station.
Edwards on a Han Solo Cameo:
I'm not sure if I'm allowed to do this, but I think I should…. Han Solo's not in the movie.
So, it seems Solo will not be making an appearance. Also of note was a comment from Kathleen Kennedy regarding the portrayal of Darth Vader. Kennedy confirmed that Hayden Christensen will not be making an appearance as The Dark Lord of the Sith in the upcoming film. That would seem to confirm the popular assumption that we will now have a third actor to don the iconic Vader armor theatrically.
Neither of these are big surprises. Rumors were strong on a Han appearance, but the timing, age of the actor, and involvement of the selfish smuggler with the rebel alliance well before his pivotal change of heart at the Battle of Yavin could have caused some story telling difficulties. Nothing insurmountable, but it does make more sense if Han stays out of this one. And as for Christensen, he had made some recent comments that he would be willing to return to the role, but there hasn't been much buzz around that having already happened. Perhaps he will get another shot in the future.
Check out the embeds from ExtraTV below for the full comments. And a hat tip Star Wars Underworld for the keen eye in spotting these overlooked bits from SWCE16.
Sam Baker's career has followed a slowly unfolding path, marked by consistency, a patient evolution, and a talent for always delivering the goods. Working under the Samiyam moniker, the Ann Arbor–born producer first sprang onto the scene via 2008's Return EP, four tracks of thick synths, subtly abstracted head-nod rhythms, fragmented melodies, and spare, occasionally glitchy rhythms, released in the post Donuts mini-boom of downtempo creativity. A series of long-playing releases followed—Rap Beats Vol. 1 (originally self-released but later finding a home on early backer Flying Lotus's Brainfeeder), 2011's Sam Baker's Album (also on Brainfeeder) and 2013's Wish You Were Here (on the Leaving Records imprint)—all imbued with varying degrees of sonic experimentalism, and all great. But through it all, it seems like Baker's felt a bit misunderstood—despite the lysergic glow that occasionally tints his music, and despite the FlyLo/Brainfeeder connection, the man's always had something a bit more down-to-earth in mind. “I'm not about futuristic spaceship beats," he said in a 2013 interview upon the release of Wish You Were Here, "just straightforward hip-hop.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
It's going to be a battle (one reviewer tagged him as a "tape-warping…surrealist"), but it seems that Baker's going to do his best to prove the truth of that mission statement. A hint came last year, when the subdued slow-jam beauty "Quest/Power," coproduced with Budgie and featuring Earl Sweatshirt on vocals, dropped on SoundCloud. And now there's his latest full-length Animals Have Feelings, released on the mighty Stones Throw label. A series of 21 short tracks, most well under three minutes, Animals Have Feelings still has its share of slightly glitchy moments and odd juxtapositions, but it might be Baker's most directly "hip-hop" collection to date. There are not a lot of raps on the album—Baker's always been primarily an instrumental artist, and Animals Have Feelings only features three vocal cuts (more on them in a bit)—but the LP just feels hip-hop, in a way that's hard to pin down. (It plays something like a mixtape, perhaps even more than Wish You Were Here, which actually was originally released on cassette.)
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Baker's hip-hop is a particular creative version of the form, of course. Over the album's 22 tracks—most of which clock in at under three minutes and all but three of which are instrumentals—he explores the Samiyam sound to the fullest, perfecting the style he's always had rather than making any major alterations. As if to hammer home that point, the album's opener, "Taco Chase," opens with a slightly effected spoken word: "And that's what it is today—ain't nothin' changed," perhaps referencing Bone Thugs-n-Harmony's "Ain't Nothin Changed (Everyday Thang Part 2)." The cut itself, like much of Animals have Feelings, is as much mood piece as song, with eerie organ tones and a spare bassline anchored by hairline-fracture beats. That's followed by "Blowed," a kind of G-funk/carnival-from-hell number, which leads into "Calisthenics," characterized by something that sounds like hammered piano strings plucking it its simple melody. Later, the title track boasts staccato synths chords played over one of the best sounding snare hits we've heard in a while; the pastoral "Smoke Break" samples gentle strings that float over a spare synth-bass; and "Turkish Vacation," perhaps the goofiest tune on the LP, is pretty much like the title implies.
If there's one complaint, it's one that's common to instrumental hip-hop: Some tracks are almost a bit too single-minded, with Baker often content to simply let two or three ideas to ride throughout the cut without much in the way of dynamics. Then again, when a song are as the spectral guitar-and-bass funk tune "Meditate," all of 66 seconds long, there isn't a hell of a lot of time for anything overly complex. The most fully fleshed-out tracks are its vocal numbers. "Lord of the Rings," with Jeremiah Jae and Oliver the 2nd on the mike, layers the lyrics over sci-fi synths and plucked arpeggio; the Action Bronson–led "Mr. Wonderful" (somewhat confusingly, its a track not found on Bronson's album of the same name), sputters and glides to hypnotic effect; and Earl Sweatshirt returns for the psyche-hop-gets-tough track "Mirror." Straightforward hip-hop? Not quite—the weirdness quotient of Animals Has Feelings is a bit too high for that—but it's hip-hop nonetheless, and another success for Samiyam.
NASCAR took bold steps to curb lost wheels and ballast weight on Wednesday, issuing Draconian penalties for the two infractions, both of which will now carry a mandatory four-race suspension for the crew chiefs.
Officially, the rules bulletin issued Wednesday afternoon included the following language:
Article continues below ...
12.5.3.3.1 P3 PENALTY VIOLATION EXAMPLES
Violation examples could include but are not limited to:
.a — Unapproved parts or system configuration of importance but, not rising to higher numbered levels — examples:
.b — Unapproved secondary steering linkage.
.c — Unapproved secondary drivetrain components.
.d – Unapproved added weight and/or weight affixed improperly (e.g.; Unapproved added weight (size and material); Unapproved added weight location, but not of a nature rising to a higher numbered Penalty.
.e – Failure to submit and have approved secondary components, such as a radiator mount, oil pan, etc.
.f – Engine ancillary components (i.e., valve covers, outer oil pans, pulleys, belts, etc.).
.g — Approved parts that fail their intended use (e.g.; shock absorbers that fail to rebound regardless of reason).
.h — Materials added to the rear bumper which, in NASCAR's judgment, either primarily increases the weight of the rear bumper, or might aid and/or promote aggressive driving, or might do both.
.i – Circumventing or interfering with open radio communications between the driver and spotter and team which the fans should be able to listen in to (other than verifiable equipment failure).
.j – Faulty, missing, or ineffective seams on required interior sheet metal seals (excluding safety barriers such as firewalls).
.k – Coil spring violation.
.l — Heating or chilling any parts, systems or materials that are not allowed to be heated or chilled by the Rules. NOTE: If relative to tires or fuel, then a P5 Penalty.
.m — Rear body heights not met.
.n — Loss of wheel(s) due to improper installation. (Mandatory minimum four race suspension of the crew chief and tire changer and tire carrier of the lost wheel(s).)
.o — Loss or separation of ballast weight from the vehicle. (Mandatory minimum four race suspension of the crew chief, car chief and head engineer.)
The last two provisions are far and away the most serious, especially if the violation occurs on a team in the Chase for the NASCAR Sprint Cup. Losing a crew chief for four weeks at Chase time could prove devastating, but it appears NASCAR wanted to send a stern message to the teams.
Iraq war architect blames Powell for Iraq John Byrne
Published: Friday April 25, 2008
|
Print This Email This Blames Powell, Armitage, Bremer, Rumsfeld, Rice The man who led the office that supplied the Bush Administration with "raw intelligence" on Iraq now says everyone else is to blame but himself. Douglas Feith, President Bush's former Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, headed the Office of Special Plans, a secretive outfit which passed along unverified "alternative" intelligence to Administration decisionmakers in the run up to war. A Senate Intelligence Committee report found that the Office "developed, produced, and then disseminated alternative intelligence assessments on the Iraq and al Qaida relationship, which included some conclusions that were inconsistent with the consensus of the Intelligence Community, to senior decision-makers." In other words, they passed on "intelligence" that was never vetted, much of which appeared to align with a hawkish Administration agenda. On Thursday, Feith pointed his finger at everyone but himself regarding the war in Iraq. According to the Washington Post's Dana Milbank, at a book-launch party for his new book, "War and Decision: Inside the Pentagon at the Dawn of the War on Terrorism," Feith blamed a laundry list of officials for failing "to challenge the logic of going to war." Blames Bush, too "He argued that former secretary of state Colin Powell and his deputy, Richard Armitage, were the ones who failed to challenge the logic of going to war -- not him," Milbank wrote. "He suggested that Powell, Armitage, Franks, former Iraq viceroy Jerry Bremer and even Feith's old boss, Donald Rumsfeld, should be blamed for the postwar chaos in Iraq -- not him. He blamed then-National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice for the way she operated ("fundamental differences were essentially papered over rather than resolved"). He accused the CIA of "improper" and unprofessional behavior. And he implicitly blamed President Bush for not cracking down on insubordinate behavior at the State Department." "Yet at the same time, Feith told the... crowd that he disapproved of the "snide and shallow self-justification typical in memoirs of former officials," or what Feith cleverly called the " 'I-was-surrounded-by-idiots' school of memoir writing," Milbank continues. "Feith pointed out that he supported his account with 140 pages of notes and documents. And yet, in his hour-long panel discussion, Feith seemed to be of the impression that he had, in fact, been surrounded by idiots." Feith himself hasn't escaped accusations that he was aloof during his time at his Office of Special Plans. According to Bob Woodward's Plan of Attack, then- Secretary of State Colin Powell referred to the Office as the "Gestapo" office. Former CIA director George Tenet called his work "total crap." When Feith stepped in to back recruiting a brigade of "Free Iraqi Forces" to enter Iraq with Americans, according to the book Cobra II, "Franks turned to Feith in a Pentagon corridor, letting him know where he stood: 'I don't have time for this fucking bullshit." During his book launch party, Feith ironically remarked, "The CIA and the intelligence community should not be shading intelligence." Milbank notes that Feith has been out of touch. Vaunting his book on "60 Minutes," Feith asserted the Administration didn't need to claim Iraq had weapons of mass destruction to invade. "Pointing so many fingers in so many directions, a man is bound to get confused -- as happened when Steve Kroft asked him on "60 Minutes" about his claim that the lack of troops contributed to looting in Baghdad," he adds. "'I don't believe I raised the troop-level issue in that connection," Feith replied. Then Kroft presented him with the passage. "That's a fair point,' Feith amended." Remarked Milbank wryly, "It must have been very difficult being Doug Feith: correct all the time, and surrounded by idiots."
Fact of the day: It is physically impossible to listen to ‘Whoa', from Aylo's new mixtape, and not be the least bit curious about the identity of the captivating female vocalist.
Amaarae's verse on the song is exactly what gives it a certain ethereal appeal that listeners can't get enough of. More Branches caught up with the ‘Shawty with a Bald Head', to find out more about the intriguing 23 year old Ghanaian singer/songwriter.
Ama Serwah Genfi became known as Amaarae amongst friends first in 2009; after a Facebook username she coined in the 9th grade using the last name of her favorite singer, Corrine Bailey Rae. When she tried and failed to shake the nickname, Ama decided it was a lost battle. The same year, Ama started dropping freestyles on Facebook under the name Amaarae and it just stuck.
“I can live with Amaarae” she admits in mock of her earlier embarrassment, “it could have been worse, I could have called myself some shit like killa wolf bitch.”
Amaarae makes stirring, sultry and simultaneously vulnerable music for the soul of the modern sexual youth. She listens to a lot of different genres too; the influence of which clearly contribute to her unique style of music. For example, she kicks it back to the music of jazz legends like Charlie Christian and Billie Holiday, whom she calls her idol but Ama also has a soft spot for 90s R&B and hip hop. She tells us “I love rap music, that's where it all began for me”, naming Missy Elliot, Jay-Z and Eminem as her top 3 rappers. Then there's alternative rock with the likes of Nirvana, Fleetwood Mac and Pink Floyd. Ama adds, “And I love me some Avril Lavigne when I'm feeling angsty or Sheryl Crow, I love Janet Jackson too, Gwen Stefani & Shaggy”
For the young artiste, her ideal collab would be with Anthony Kedis of the Red Hot Chili Peppers. She also thinks Mr Eazi's voice would complete the vibe of a song she's currently working on, titled ‘Catching a wave'.
Having spent a lot of her childhood moving from Accra to Atlanta and then New Jersey, she says she moved back to Accra aged 11 to find that “everyone was now making laptop tracks.” Ama recounts, “So I got this software called mix craft and made my first mixtape in one week. Hopefully it will never see the light of day”. But one crappy attempt wasn't going to stop Ama Genfi. She soon realized that music was far more than a passing fancy for her and she was determined to take it further. Commenting on her artistic growth, she says proudly,
“It's been good, it's taken a lot of work for me to even scratch the surface but I'm happy with where I'm at creatively”
Perhaps if music hadn't chosen her, Ama might have been a DJ or an author of short stories. All of the studio equipment she currently owns was paid for by 4 years of DJ-ing through college.
“I'm actually a poet and I write short stories and I'm also funny as fuck once u get to know me -I have impeccable comedic timing but only my brother knows this”
As if all that wasn't enough, Amaarae also makes mean pasta! And she's quick to say what every true pasta lover knows; that “Pasta is life.”
But despite the abundance of talent, Ama reveals that everyday, making music, is a challenge. “To be honest, I always doubt myself” she says. “I never feel like my music is good enough. For instance, the songs that people love, like my verse on Woah, or The Obsolete Truth… I can't listen to those songs because to me I don't feel like they are good enough.” Like every artist, Amaarae admits one of her biggest problems is battling insecurities and believing in herself. “I always think; this could be better”.
At least, the growing music scene in Ghana and Africa at large is cause for cheer and Ama says she certainly sees a future for herself in the midst of it.
“It's poppin like a mf! It's dope to see so many people coming up and pushing the boundaries of African music and what people consider viable African music, our entire generation of artists is just like nah fuck y'all we're gonna do what we want and it's working! And it's rad, it's just bad ass”
Ama is definitely committed to the music but, she tells us, not so much towards choosing a hair color. Attributing her edgy hairstyle to commitment issues; “Having it low means I get to cut it every week, no strings attached, and I get to change the colors often without worrying about damage”
For an artist with poetically profound lyrics, Amaarae admits that the songs she never takes time to write are always the best ones. “I freestyle a lot, or I write things in my head when I'm in the shower, or doing mundane activities”
“I wrote lonely when I was cooking rice for my friend, Allure. He started playing the guitar and I just sang along to it and he was like yo… record that”
“I get my inspiration from the sex I'm having and whoever I'm dating at the time. When I create, my mindset is always like dang! I really want someone to have sex so deep to this that my DNA is encoded in the baby that becomes a product of that sex”
She also says, “My mom is such an ace when it comes to my music. She lets me film all my live performances in our house, my studio is in my room and it's hella dudes passing through here, she's actually helping me build an attachment studio to our house so that she doesn't have all these niggas rolling through the crib”
Watch the live video for Lonely, recorded in Amaarae's living room
If like us, you're wondering what else Amaarae has got cooking up, her EP; Sex, Heartbreak & the Beach is set to be released at the end of October. We're promised lots of tropical, relaxing vibes and soft beautiful music to ride with friends or have sex to, just in time for the holidays.
One Last Thing
We didn't want the interview to end so we posed one last question and this was what she had to say:
Q: What's one thing in this world you wish you could change that you have no control over?
Amaarae:
I wish I could change the fact that people hurt and suffer, I genuinely wish there was no poverty in this world and that we were all born with equal opportunity. Some of us are lucky, some people literally have nothing to hold on to. Also the fact that Donald Trump is the leader of the free world. That mf is all the way out of his natural born mind…. and that damn toupee 🙄🙄🙄 Jesus be a fence 😩
Follow the talented and hilarious Ama on Twitter: @Amaarae and stream her music on Souncloud here.
Get-PortCertificate is a PowerShell function I wrote around a year ago to assist in working with application certificates. The function returns the certificate from a listening SSL/TLS application's service port.
Here are a few examples of using the function:
The command returned the certificate from the Remote Desktop Service (port 3389) running on my local Windows 7 PC. The default properties show some useful information for validating the certificate including expiration dates, subject name properties, and the certificate chain status.
The target name properties tell us if the -ComputerName passed to the function matches any of the subject names of the certificate. All of the effective subject names of a certificate will be listed in the CertificateValidNames property. In the example above we supplied the hostname “Main”, which matched the certificate. If I had instead used the IP address the TargetNameStatus would have returned invalid.
The chain properties show the results of the certificate trust chain. In this case, the certificate is self-signed and not a trusted root authority. Therefore, the certificate is not valid. Details on the trust chain results are listed in the ChainStatus and ChainStatusDetails properties.
Here's an example showing a web certificate with a valid chain:
(The port defaults to 443 (https) so I've excluded it in the command.)
The Amazon certificate has multiple names listed under the CertificateValidNames property, including the target name that was specified in the command (amazon.com). The certificate chain also returned good and we see all certificates making up the chain listed in the ChainPath property.
I've included an option to export the certificate to a file by suppling a directory with the -Path parameter. In addition, you can export all certificates in a chain by including the -DownloadChain switch as this example shows:
One more thing worth noting is the custom type name I added to the function to control the objects default display properties. There are a number of other properties included in the object that can be of use:
That's it for now. When I get time I'll post more on how the script works. Until then, you can download a copy from the script center repository here:
https://gallery.technet.microsoft.com/scriptcenter/Get-the-SSL-certificate-02fea13d
Unlike his short-lived predecessor, Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, President Trump's new national security adviser, Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, has no history of openly associating with bigotry. In fact, McMaster has throughout his career emphasized the need to work constructively with foreign Muslim populations.
But his presence only calls more attention to the dramatic divide among Trump's top foreign policy advisers. On one side are career military personnel who understand that antagonizing Muslims is both offensive to American values and damaging to the country's security. On the other side are inexperienced, radical ethno-nationalists who shrug off international norms and believe that peaceful coexistence with the world's Muslims is unlikely and undesirable.
The two views appear incompatible. But which group will emerge victorious is not at all clear. In fact, which group speaks for Trump at any given moment is not entirely clear either.
Here are the key players:
Photo: Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images
The Rationalists
H.R. McMaster, Trump's new national security adviser, is a three-star general, a PhD in history, and the author of a book on the high-level deceptions and errors that triggered the U.S. war in Vietnam.
A seemingly incongruous partner for Trump, who has repeatedly advocated for torture and other harsh measures to fight terrorism, McMaster has been a vocal proponent of protecting civilians in war zones and avoiding the “clash of civilizations” approach favored by Trump and his top advisers.
He presents a dramatic contrast to Flynn, who once tweeted that “fear of Muslims is RATIONAL” and during his brief tenure put Iran “on notice” in a threatening press conference that signaled the possibility of armed conflict with that country.
In a speech at the Carnegie Council in 2014, McMaster said that the United States must partner with people in Muslim-majority countries to defeat groups like the Islamic State, describing them as “the people who are suffering the most” from terrorism. McMaster added that to win such conflicts,U.S. forces must understand the history and social dynamics of the countries it is fighting in, as well as have “empathy for the people among whom these wars are fought.”
McMaster has also criticized agenda-driven D.C. think tanks and foreign policy seemingly driven by the weapons industry. In a 2015 speech at the University of South Florida, McMaster said that “the military-industrial complex may represent a greater threat to us than at any time in history.”
Secretary of Defense Jim Mattis has been the anchor of the nonradical wing of the Trump administration. Mattis assured reporters during his recent meeting with Iraqi political and military leaders that, Trump's frequent comments to the contrary, the United States would not try to seize Iraq's oil. “I think all of us here in this room, all of us in America, have generally paid for our gas and oil all along, and I'm sure that we will continue to do that in the future,” he said. “We're not in Iraq to seize anybody's oil.”
As the commander of the 1st Marine Division in Iraq, Mattis believed that treating Iraqis with respect was essential to American security. He investigated abuses of prisoners in Iraq and helped stop the use of torture at one prison where an Iraqi in U.S. detention had died after being beaten.
On the campaign trail, Trump advocated for the return of waterboarding. A short meeting with Mattis during the transition period in November had Trump reconsidering his stance. The president-elect told reporters that he asked Mattis about waterboarding, and Mattis replied that he “never found it to be useful.” Instead, Mattis told Trump: “I've always found, give me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers and I do better with that than I do with torture.” Trump told reporters in January that he would defer to Mattis on the issue from now on.
Unlike some in Trump's inner circle, Mattis believes that Israel's continued military occupation of the Palestinians threatens American security and could lead to an apartheid-style situation. Asked about conflict with Iran during a 2016 interview, he replied, “It would be bloody awful, it would be a catastrophe if we have to have another war in the Middle East like that.”
Photo: Drew Angerer/Getty Images
The Radical Ethno-Nationalists
White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon — the former Breitbart News executive who helmed the latter half of Trump's campaign — is an outsized figure in the president's kitchen cabinet. He's also a true believer in the idea that the United States cannot coexist with Islam.
“Islam is not a religion of peace. Islam is a religion of submission. Islam means submission,” Bannon proclaimed during a 2010 interview. It is a view he sought to establish in a documentary he once pitched titled “Islamic States of America.” In that film, he imagined a future United States where all the major institutions of society were ominously controlled by Muslims.
Sebastian Gorka reports to Bannon and has emerged as one of the chief White House ideologues pushing for the United States to take a more forceful stance on Islam. A former instructor at the U.S. military's Joint Special Operations University and editor at Breitbart News, Gorka has come under criticism from national security experts for his claims about Islam and terrorism.
His 2016 book, “Defeating Jihad: The Winnable War,” called for the United States to confront the “global jihadi movement, a modern totalitarian ideology rooted in the doctrines and martial history of Islam.” He is also an associate of notorious anti-Muslim conspiracist Frank Gaffney, frequently appearing as a guest at Gaffney's events and on his radio show. In a recent NPR appearance, Gorka refused to confirm whether Trump even considered Islam to be a religion but did say that terrorists groups have “a religious verbiage, their justification for violence is always religious.”
Senior Adviser Stephen Miller belongs to a new generation of far-right activists who argue that Western civilization is under attack by uncontrolled immigration and the spread of radical Islam. As a college activist at Duke University, he put together events to promote a “Terrorism Awareness Project” aimed at exposing the threat of “Islamofascism” — a term created by far-right activist David Horowitz, who is notorious for, among other things, associating Arab American students engaged in pro-Palestine activism with terrorism.
“Gripped by complacency and the omnipresent force of political correctness, our nation has failed to educate our youth about the holy war being waged against us and what needs to be done to defeat the Jihadists that are waging this war,” Miller wrote in a blog post at the time. “American kids attend school in an educational system corrupted by the hard left. In this upside-down world, America is the villain and Jihadists the victims of our foreign policy. Instead of opening eyes, we are fastening blindfolds.”
As a Trump surrogate, he often made hysterical and baseless claims about Muslim immigration, at one point saying that “half a million U.S. girls in this country are at risk of female genital mutilation” as a result of Muslim immigration to the United States.
CIA Director Mike Pompeo was until recently a Republican congressman from Kansas partial to defending CIA officials who engaged in torture, calling them “patriots.” He also left the door open to the CIA's return to torture by acknowledging in his written responses to the Senate Intelligence Committee that he would be open to altering a 2015 law prohibiting the government from using techniques not listed in the Army Field Manual.
As a lawmaker, he repeatedly appeared on the radio program hosted by anti-Muslim activist Frank Gaffney, where he portrayed the war on terror as a conflict between Islam and Christianity. He has also claimed that “Islamic leaders across America [are] potentially complicit” in terrorism because they supposedly don't speak out against it, which is not true.
Pompeo tapped as his deputy director at the agency CIA staffer Gina Haspel, who ran a secret prison in Thailand as part of a network of “black sites” that enabled the agency to torture detainees.
Senior Adviser Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, has no formal military or diplomatic experience. Yet the 36-year-old senior adviser is “running point on the Israel stuff,” as one senior Trump administration staffer told Politico.
Resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict is seen as critical to reducing antipathy between the United States and Muslim-majority societies. As even the Bush-era Pentagon admitted, our “one sided support in favor of Israel” helps fuel radicalism that terrorists use to recruit against the United States.
The global consensus — which, until the Trump administration, included the United States — is that the peace cannot be achieved without establishing a sovereign Palestinian state. Trump recently put an end to the longstanding U.S. insistence on a two-state solution, reportedly keeping his own State Department in the dark on the decision until it was made. It was Kushner's counsel — not that of senior U.S. diplomats or military staff — that was guiding him.
Trump has told the media on numerous occasions that he will task Kushner with brokering a peace deal. But Kushner is hardly impartial in the conflict.
While U.S. policy has held for decades that settlements built deep into Palestinian territories are illegal, Kushner's family has helped finance them. And he fired a staffer at the New York Observer, which he owned at the time, after the staffer began to write critically about the Israeli occupation of the West Bank.
So why is pay growth so stubbornly slow? When might it pick up? And if wages aren't even keeping up with living expenses, why do businesses keep grumbling about labour costs? To an economist, there's a common thread that helps to explain the apparent contradiction where "real" wages are falling and yet many businesses still face labour cost pressures: the mining boom. Even though most of our jobs have nothing to do with mining, and the big-spending part of the boom is over, its impacts are still rippling through the labour market. And unfortunately for those expecting big pay rises, it's a dynamic that has much further to run. Research from Bank of America Merrill Lynch economist Saul Eslake earlier this month explained the situation well. It predicted pay growth would probably remain soft for the next two years as Australia joined the "slow wage growth" club of countries including the United States, United Kingdom and those in Europe, where pay rises have been miserly for years.
What had sheltered Australian workers from this wages pain? The fact we avoided a full-blown banking crisis was clearly one factor – but another big one was the surge in resources investment from 2 per cent to a staggering 8 per cent of the economy. We all heard the stories about tradies heading West to make the kind of salaries normally reserved for senior executives. But Eslake points out that employees in plenty of non-mining industries benefited too, because the tight labour market forced bosses to pay higher wages to keep their staff. Now, however, the labour-intensive part of the resources boom is over, so this extra source of wage pressure has faded. More and more of the projects are in "production" – which means they're delivering profits to their largely foreign shareholders, but employing far fewer people. With other industries struggling to fill the almighty gap left by mining investment, and unemployment edging up over the past two years, there's little pressure for wages to rise.
The upshot is that Australian workers are experiencing what's been the "norm" for countries overseas for the past few years. The Bureau of Statistics says average earnings rose by just 2.3 per cent in the year to May, the slowest growth since the 1990s recession, aside from a one-off weak patch in 1999. It could be a while before this changes. The Reserve Bank is predicting a return to "trend" economic growth in late 2015, but a recovery in wage growth will take significantly longer, because so many workers are on longer-term employment contracts that take time to adjust to conditions. So all up, it's a pretty bleak picture for people expecting big pay rises over the next couple of years. But now things get tricky. If wage growth is so soft, why are employers still complaining at the high cost of Australian workers? It's partly naked self-interest: the less spent on wages, the more left for profits.
But it's also true that trade-exposed businesses do face significantly higher labour costs than they have in the past. And a key reason for these cost pressures is – you guessed it – the mining boom. The higher costs facing trade-exposed businesses are reflected in the real exchange rate. This is the commonly-quoted nominal rate, adjusted for inflation, and compared with our trading partners. A June speech from RBA assistant governor Dr Christopher Kent pointed out that Australia's real exchange rate remained much higher than its long-term average. This is mainly because of the surge in the nominal exchange rate - another legacy of the mining boom - but also because of bigger increases in wages over the last decade compared with our trading partners. And as we've heard, those pay rises were driven at least partly by surging resources investment. So businesses that are heavily exposed to international competition do have a point when they say they face relatively high labour costs. What you won't hear from these businesses, however, is that recently these trends have gone into reverse.
The Reserve's latest Statement of Monetary Policy pointed out that domestic labour costs had indeed fallen "slightly" compared with costs in many of our trading partners. There had also been "modest" improvements in international competitiveness. It would certainly make life a lot easier for bosses and workers in the trade-exposed sector if the Aussie dollar would simply fall further than it has. That's why the Reserve is constantly trying to talk down the currency. But failing that, slower wage growth and gradual improvements in productivity will also help to bring down the real exchange rate. In the long run, this can make these businesses more internationally competitive, even if the dollar stays high. All of which is good news for trade-exposed industries that we'll need to help fill the void left by the fading mining boom. For wages, though, all signs point to soft growth persisting for a while yet.
Ross Gittins is on leave. Follow us on Twitter @BusinessDay
LONDON (Reuters) - If the euro's potential as a perfect “anti-dollar” in world currency reserves has been stunted by an existential euro zone debt crisis, more radical rethinking of the global monetary system may now gain momentum.
Russia's President Dimitry Medvedev (L), Brazil's President Luiz Inacio Lula da SIlva and China's President Hu Jintao (R) attend a photocall at Itamaraty Palace in Brasilia April 15, 2010. REUTERS/Paulo Whitaker
Governments around the world have for decades bristled at U.S. “seigniorage” from providing the world's de facto reserve currency — what France's Valery Giscard d'Estaing in the 1960s called America's “exorbitant privilege.”
China, Russia, Brazil and the International Monetary Fund now all want a greater use and sponsorship of Special Drawing Rights — a basket of dollars, euros, yen and sterling that acts as a claim on the IMF and its 186 member countries and a supra-national reserve asset.
In essence, reserve status — however well earned — allows the U.S. to simply print more dollars to buy dollar-priced global goods such as oil and commodities. And any resulting drop in its exchange rate earns U.S. entities a tidy margin on overseas assets while foreigners' dollar reserves are devalued.
Fear of this potential conflict of interest between the domestic and international policy obligations of the reserve currency country, the so-called Triffin Dilemma, has intensified in recent years as global hard-cash reserves soared past $8 trillion (5.44 trillion pounds) and U.S. deficits ballooned.
The euro, which cut the dollar share of world reserves by almost 10 percentage points to 62 percent since launch in 1999, held out some chance of dividing the risks. But if the euro, which now accounts for more than a quarter of world reserves, has been hit by at least a temporary roadblock, then what next?
Few policymakers, including many in the United States, want to rebuild a uni-polar system that has fostered a timebomb of global imbalances between America and the developing world — imbalances at least partly for to blame for three years of devastating financial crises.
What is more, the dollar-centric system has periodically led to acute dollar shortages in global banks still heavily dependent on dollar funding. Even U.S. Federal Reserve chief Ben Bernanke last month said foreign banks may need to be weaned off their over-dependency and said the Fed should not necessarily provide a “permanent service” of pumping dollars overseas.
China — which alone holds more than a quarter of world reserves — and other developing countries remain anxious of the scale of their collective $4 trillion exposure to U.S. fiscal and monetary probity.
But with euro angst a new backdrop, more finance chiefs from the world's top 20 economies — meeting in South Korea this week — may think beyond even the dual-currency setup.
SUPRA-NATIONAL RESERVE ASSET
Just over a year ago, China's central bank chief Zhou Xiaochuan put the case for developing the SDR — currently only 4 percent of world stockpiles — as a reserve asset and advocated inclusion of its yuan in the basket, a five-yearly review of which is due later in 2010.
A month after Zhou's paper, and after a gap of 30 years, the unit was revived as a tool to ease the financial raging crisis and the IMF transferred an allocation of $250 billion in SDRs to all members based on their quotas at the Fund.
Paulo Nogueira Batista, who represents Brazil and eight other countries at the IMF board, told Reuters last week this could be used again in a fresh bout of stress.
One advantage of the SDR is that, as an IOU, it need not be realized unless the reserves themselves have to be spent. Given much of the buildup of reserves has been far in excess of what would be required in any emergency, use of the SDR as an asset could have a less distorting impact on capital flows than requiring the creation of more and more dollar and euro assets.
Its big disadvantage, at least for the 43 reserve managers polled by Central Banking Publications late last year, is that issuance requires political agreement and liquidity is questionable due to a lack of use in the private sector.
Independent analysts reckon the dollar's primary status should not nor could not vanish over a few years. But many see gradual development of the SDR alongside the existing world currencies as desirable over the decade ahead.
One proposal this week from the World Economic Forum's year-long Global Redesign programme was to make SDR allocations on a regular basis in amounts to satisfy on-going demand for official reserves. It suggested $200 billion per year.
A report led by think tank Chatham House in March detailed measures to expand SDR usage, including an independent IMF body to decide on new issuance; creation of an IMF substitution account where countries can swap constituent currencies for SDRs; and encouragement of private use by allowing SDR securities and settlement systems to be created.
Big banks too see the argument strengthening. “Providing more SDR assets would spread out the gains from seigniorage more broadly and also reduce the structural risks associated with requiring the U.S. to pump out more dollar assets for the still-growing stock of overall reserves,” Goldman Sachs said last week.
Hillary Clinton's courtiers would hate to admit it, but Senator Ted Cruz's wife, Heidi, is set to provide a vivid refutation of Democratic claims that Republicans pine for 1950s domesticity.
“I am unabashedly proud of everything about Heidi,” Cruz replied when Bloomberg Politics asked if her career at Goldman Sachs could undermine his critique of crony capitalism at the investment bank.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Not just proud of, but reliant upon. Beyond the personal support that all candidates require from their families, Mrs. Cruz brings political talents to the table that could prove helpful in the 2016 election season. Her Goldman Sachs ties make her a “not-so-secret weapon” in terms of fundraising, per Representative Kevin Brady (R., Texas). The personal charm that enhances those fundraising abilities also makes her an effective surrogate on the campaign trail, as Cruz's rivals learned during his longshot Senate bid in 2012. And she's a foreign-policy expert, having served on the National Security Council during George W. Bush's presidency. Far from fretting that she could be a liability to his presidential candidacy, the senator and his team are “very confident that she is one of our campaign's greatest assets,” according to spokesman Brian Phillips.
A friend of the family from Texas put it more dramatically: “She brings more to the table than any other spouse in the field, except for maybe Bill Clinton, and she does so without the baggage of a Bill Clinton.”
Advertisement
For instance, friends say, she brings to the campaign trail some of the personal skills that distinguish a politician such as Bill Clinton from Ted Cruz. “Heidi is a secret weapon because she is so warm and so endearing and so thoughtful that I think that her influence on him has been transformative; he would not have been a senator were it not for Heidi and for her role and her support,” another friend David Panton — who lived with Ted Cruz for five years, first as an undergraduate at Princeton and then for a year at Harvard Law School — tells National Review.
Advertisement
Heidi's personal touch may help offset Cruz's stentorian style, friends say. “When voters get to know who Heidi Cruz is, they will see an amazing, amazing woman and I think that that will help to at least counter this image of Ted that has been portrayed in the media,” Panton says.
Mrs. Cruz is no stranger to elections. She met her future husband while volunteering for George W. Bush's presidential campaign and made an instant impression. “I'm embarrassed it took me two days to ask her out to dinner,” the senator told the New York Times. She impressed a lot of other people, too, going on from the campaign to hold multiple posts in the Bush 43 administration, culminating in her post at the National Security Council. The family dinner table isn't a foreign-policy briefing room for the Cruzes, but her perspective certainly hasn't diminished his understanding of international issues in the Western hemisphere, her area of specialty. “In addition to being the senator's partner on the campaign trail, she also will actively advise him in areas for which she is an expert,” Phillips says.
Advertisement
When not serving in government, the Harvard Business School graduate has built an impressive career on Wall Street (which has already paid dividends for her husband; he received $65,000 from Goldman Sachs employees and the company PAC when he ran for Senate). “She's well-respected and has lots of admirers,” Brady told National Journal while discussing her potential as a fundraiser for the presidential campaign. “So that could be part of the reaching out—whether it's Wall Street or Texas.”#related#
Advertisement
That résumé could insulate her from some of the attacks leveled against the wives of Republican presidential candidates in the last cycle. “The party's retrograde attitude toward the role of women in the world, and in marriage, would find center stage in the persons (or personas) of Ann Romney and Janna Ryan,” Lisa Miller wrote for New York magazine, citing their decisions to take on the role of stay-at-home moms.
Advertisement
That doesn't mean that no one will use the couple's family arrangements to criticize Senator Cruz. Buzzfeed, for instance, called attention to the fact that she left the Bush administration after her husband became solicitor general of Texas.
“Had she not been married, and free to choose, I think she would have stayed for three more years,” said Ed Haley, who taught Heidi Cruz, née Nelson, at Claremont McKenna College. “My sense is she really loved what she was doing and chose to go back to Ted so that she could help him campaign. . . . She was sorry to go, and reconciled to going.”
Friends emphasize unanimously that she is a devoted mother, but they reject the “domestic martyr” brand applied to GOP spouses in previous election cycles.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“She continued working at Goldman while Ted was solicitor general, and when he became senator, she didn't give that career up, and I think obviously excelled,” says Panton, who also works in private equity.
“I would never see her as a martyr for his career,” says another friend who has known Heidi since college. “Hands down, she is his closest adviser.” For the 2016 election, Mrs. Cruz is taking a leave of absence from her Goldman Sachs post in exchange for a desk at campaign headquarters.
On some campaigns, such a vocal spouse is a consultant's worst nightmare, but friends say that her business experience has made her adept at empowering a high-powered team to craft a plan of action.
“When I watched her go through the Senate campaign, she was quite complimentary of the team around Ted, even when she didn't necessarily agree with them,” the friend continues. “She's opinionated and she's got a point of view, but as a person she's pretty reasonable and she can be swayed. She's not someone who, on ego, will dig in.”
House Speaker Mike Turzai (R., Allegheny) has received almost $250,000 in campaign contributions from the natural gas industry.
Pennsylvania hasn't balanced its budget, is facing a $2 billion deficit, and has seen its credit rating drop, yet state legislators refuse to tap an available and abundant source of revenue.
Their stubbornness has prompted Gov. Wolf to propose a risky plan to borrow more than $1 billion against the state's liquor revenue. That could be avoided if legislators who have accepted a fortune in campaign contributions from the gas industry didn't protect it from shouldering its fair share of the tax burden to run the state.
The fracking industry's wealth has drowned out the voices of everyday Pennsylvanians, who are forced to pick up the industry's slack.
Since 2010, the drillers and their representatives have spent $46.6 million on lobbying and $14.5 million on strategic campaign contributions to legislative leaders and key committee chairs, reported Harrisburg bureau staff writers Angela Coulumbis and Liz Navratil.
Those figures don't even include campaign donations made by gas industry beneficiaries, including pipe layers and utilities. It's been an effective investment. In the last seven years, fracking-friendly legislators have quashed almost 70 attempts to impose a severance tax on natural gas.
Just this week, the House shut down a modest bill bravely put forth by Rep. Kate Harper (R., Montgomery). In June, the Senate passed a severance tax, but when the House took it up after its vacation in September, it predictably killed it.
It should be noted that House Speaker Mike Turzai (R., Allegheny) has received almost $250,000 in campaign contributions from the industry, and Majority Leader Dave Reed (R., Indiana) has received $147,000 since 2010.
With money pouring into campaign coffers at that rate, it's hard to take House leaders seriously when they resist taxing the industry.
Though campaign funding is a matter of public record, the full extent of the industry's lobbying isn't known because Pennsylvania's lobbying law is so outdated. It doesn't break down how much the industry spends to lobby individual legislators. That should be changed so constituents can learn just whom their legislators are listening to – because it isn't them.
How this year's deficit will be resolved remains unknown. Soon, state spending could be frozen, and schools, social service providers, and others dependent on state funding may have to cut back services — again.
Meanwhile, the gas legislators seem content to have natural gas companies pay only an impact fee based on the number of wells they have. Most of that money goes to the communities where drilling occurs.
In every other major natural-gas-producing state, the industry pays a tax on the volume of gas it takes from the earth. Last year, the industry produced 5.1 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in Pennsylvania, amounting to about $10 billion in gross annual revenue. Surely, there's room among all those billions for an appropriate severance tax.
Unless something changes, the future of Pennsylvania's budget problems is clear. The gas-fueled legislators will keep running the state into the ground until voters decide they're tired of subsidizing the industry and its lackeys.
Published:
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
In the wake of controversy surrounding "The Interview," a comedy about the assassination of North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un starring Seth Rogen and James Franco, the Bear Tooth Theatrepub in Anchorage has announced it will begin screening the film Jan. 2.
The independent, second-run theater will not publicize show times for the film until Monday evening, according to Rand Thornsley, film buyer for the Bear Tooth. Tickets will go on sale the following day, he said.
"This was the only opportunity for (Sony Pictures) to have an opening in Anchorage theatrically, so they are allowing the Bear Tooth to run the film within our normal programming," Thornsley said.
Last week, big theater chains said they would not screen "The Interview" after hackers attacked Sony, leaking emails and threatening violence on any theater that showed the film. The FBI said later the hack appeared to have originated from North Korea.
Sony canceled the scheduled Dec. 25 release of "The Interview" but backpedaled on that decision Tuesday, saying it would release the film to about 200 to 300 smaller theaters on Christmas Day.
Thornsley said he confirmed Tuesday evening that "The Interview" would play on the Bear Tooth's single screen.
He said theater managers expected to arrange "extra security measures" for its showings, though he did not have specifics.
"Since we don't have the issue with having a multiplex, we will only be running 'The Interview' at one particular time," Thornsley said. "That makes it a little bit easier. People can make their choice, whether or not they want to see it. It won't be hurting other films."
He said Jan. 2 was the earliest date the theater could insert "The Interview" into its schedule, since it had already publicized its film lineup through New Year's Day.
